4	For real vinyl collectors, this is the place to go. They've got an excellent collection of most of the classic genre's (funk, soul, rock, etc.) but if you're looking for rarer stuff, I suggest hitting up Grandiose. Most of the records here are decently priced and the quality tends to be great too. The thing I love about this place is that it's a real, dirt-under-the-nail records store. Stepping in, you can tell that this place has a history as long as most of the LP's they sell. This place is a shrine to good taste in music and a sanctuary for those who know what's good.As far as issues I have with the place, I think they have way too much John Denver era type recordings and not enough funk/soul/R&B. It's a question of personal taste and that's all. Besides that, this place is a total hole in the wall which is why I love it and why I think it continues to remain one of downtown Phoenix's best kept secrets.
4	Whenever I am fly into Phoenix, I make time to stop by this record shop on central ave in the downtown area. If you collect vinyl records, in particular, classic rock, soundtracks from TV and films, blues, jazz, etc..then this place is amust see..They have two locations, however the one located on central ave contains the majority of vinyl, some cds, and even cassets. The owner is avery friendly and knowledgable older cat...you will usualy find a few original rockers hanging out by the counter, discussing rock music, or just music in general. It;s a clean and well mainted (organised) record shop, one of a dyign breed. I've scored afew rarities in here over the past few years. Enjoy if you go.
1	Don't go to this store if you are looking for 45s. They give you a book to look through and ask you to tell them what you want and tell you the prices will be $4 upwards. They then price them up using various price guides. If you have found something that is priced highly they hide it then put it on Ebay rather than sell it to you. You do all the work (the books have a total of more than 300 pages) and they reap the benefits. If I hadn't had picked out a certain $300 record that record could have lain there forever. I wasn't even offered it at any price and I would have given them a good price.
5	RIP, Mr. Wax.I read in New Times that Dennis, the long time owner of Tracks in Wax, recently passed.For now, the plan is the store will go on without him.I'm quietly optimistic - but will miss his sense of humor and encyclopaedic music knowledge.Last time I was in with a girlfriend, we ended up wrestling over Sisters Of Mercy's "First and Last and Always."  She won, but promised me visitation rights.  (Bitch doesn't even have a record player!!)  Sorry, I digress.I walked out with (get your collective geek squeals in unison) the original 2 record set of the radio broadcast of Orson Welles' "War of the Worlds."Granted, it's not music - but SQUEE!  I can't wait to play it on a dark and stormy night!  It was a geektacular moment in my life, to be sure!Selection is solid - but keeping in mind it's used music - what's hard to find is still hard to find.  Dennis told me he coulnd't keep Leonard Cohen or Tom Waits in stock no matter how much he brought in.Damn other record collectors that get there wanting the same things I do!I really hope Tracks in Wax continues - it's a special and magical place.
5	I, too, just learned of Dennis' passing.  Please continue to support this store.  It is a staple in Central Phoenix, a gem.
5	Tracks In Wax has been a landmark here in Phoenix, and it was just today that I found out of Dennis' passing.I spent many a day hanging out in this store when I was went to high school down the road. Admittedly, most of the time I chose hanging out at Tracks instead of making my mid morning English class.I learned a majority of my early music knowledge thanks to those many days at Tracks.Stopped in today, filled with nostalgia and didn't leave empty handed.RIP Dennis.
5	this was my last stop on my Phoenix vinyl ventures. It was actually supposed to be my 2nd stop, but they close too early at 6pm, so I got there too late the first time. I was able to get here at 530 and felt bad since the lady stayed around till 615pm for me.-----I could have spent at least another 45 mins here. I didn't realize that they kept an Indie section up front, so after spending most of my time finding just a few items in the regular section, I found my section, but right at closing time. As I have pretty much most of what I want on UK vinyl, I now mostly collect Japanese vinyl releases----this place had a pretty good stock of nice Japanese pressings of the stuff I like. Pricing was on the higher side, most of my Japanese scores were $20 and up. They had some killer 7' vinyl, like rare Cure singles, but they were way over-pricedi ended up spending the most dough here, even though my best finds were at Revolver
4	This store is like perusing the super awesome record collection of your crush, who is way more indie than you but still adorable and approachable about their collection, and might even let you borrow all their nice Beatles albums.But it's gonna cost you. This guy or gal loves their records, and believes that some nice Simon and Garfunkel is still worth $40/record, and a rare cover "banned" Who cover might go for $30 (I didn't think it was so racy it deserved to be banned, but what do I know about 70s standards). More obscure titles are $8-$12, which is not so bad. I had a nice time browsing and picked up a few. The workers here were very nice and could definitely help you find anything you need! Tracks in Wax keeps retro records fun!
2	Used to be a serviceable record store but has become a shell of its former self.  OVERPRICED lps and the selection is almost the same as it was 10 years ago.  I am an avid collector and really find no reason to go here anymore.
4	This is a great place to find records. I found a lot of old records I was looking for including Johnny Cash, Paul Simon, and Billy Joel. They have a large selection and most of them are reasonably priced. The BF bought a sealed copy of Folsom Prison this weekend for 35$....pretty cool find. If I am seriously looking for something, this place is my first stop.
5	I've been hanging out with my flamboyant and fabulous gay uncle a lot lately.  His heyday was in the 80's when he rocked frayed daisy dukes with tan legs and a bare furry chest and used mascara on his mustache.  Most of our time is spent dancing to 80's songs or rummaging through sale items to find good deals.  He brought me along to his favorite record store and it was such a blast from the past.  I dig it when people are really into their record collections, it's rare.  The place is very laid back and the person working there welcomes questions and won't make you feel like a noob for not knowing about the wax.  They have a great 80's selection and my uncle ended up buying some Tina Turner to go along with his wig.
