1	Wouldn't recommend these guys based on my experience.  I reserved online one morning to pick up in the afternoon, but was told when I called an hour ahead of my pickup that there wouldn't be any cars available for six hours after my pickup time.  They weren't apologetic at all and didn't offer any kind of discount until I demanded one.  I don't think it's necessarily the fault of the guys at this location; car rental firms are just really poorly run.(There are better rental places in the area.  Wound up getting a car at a slightly better rate from a nearby Enterprise.  ...And I was able to pick up within an hour of reserving.)
1	I will NEVER rent from this place again! I had a terrible experience and the customer service over the phone for this place sucks. If I need to rent another car in the future, it'll be through Enterprise.
1	Had a terrible experience! We reserved a car and when we want to pick it up they said they had none! Te clerk then stated her "hands were tied" when we asked what she was going to do about our lack of a car. It's a shame I can't recommend this place because it is around the corner from my home and I believe in supporting local businesses. Just not this one!
1	Hertz on Baum Blvd is really awful. Do not rent a car from them. I rented cars for them at least 7-8 times because I had to travel to interviews and did not have a car at the time. I had no other choice because they are walking distance from where I live. Here are my complaints:1.) The last time I rented a car, the gas tank was only HALF full. Can you believe that? They supposedly did a full "check" before giving me the car, but they somehow did not check to see how full the tank was. Of course I had to fill the tank prior to returning the car so that they would not charge me boat loads of money. Irresponsible.2.) One lady who works at the front desk is rude. She kept pressuring me to purchase expensive car insurance. When I told her no thank you, she KEPT pressuring me over and over again. That is just bad customer service. A customer has a right to their decision, and if they say no once, you have no business to push them. She really needs to learn how to talk to customers politely. Reading the other reviews on this website, my points here are reinforced. In spite of this really cold weather right now, I will be using Enterprise to plan my next trip this weekend, even though I will have to walk and take the bus in this freezing weather.
