1	I stopped by last week to dry clean 3 items: 2 cream/black dresses and a pair of black men's dress slacks. The drop off process went well and I paid before I left since they offer a pre-pay discount. The three items was just short of $16 and would be ready the next day after 6pm.I went to pick up the items two days later, but was told one of my dresses needed to be run through again. I wasn't necessarily happy since I know dry cleaning can be rough on fabrics, but I would rather have a clean dress to wear than one that still appeared dirty. I was able to pick it up Monday after 4. Today I went to pick up my dress and it looked discolored, almost like it was washed in tea. I told the gentleman that it looked strange but that it may have been the lighting in the store. I brought it home and inspected the garment under a few different types of light (bathroom, living room, and even brought it outside). Nope, I wasn't crazy, it was obviously discolored- a couple of the tags had even turn brown. There was also a black smudge on the shoulder and the clasp at the top of the zipper was mangled. I called to ask about why the dress had been discolored (I wasn't really upset, it was an even discoloration, I was just curious if it was a process unique to their dry cleaning). They told me that with a few more washes, that the color would fade to become bright and whiter again. They invited me back to wash my garment a few more times, I declined and told them I wouldn't be back, and that I was unhappy with the clasp they ripped apart. The fabric of my dress also seems rougher than when I dropped it off, but I'm going to chalk that up to the dry cleaning process until I become more familiar with it. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, and am still on the hunt for a dry cleaner that won't ruin my wardrobe. :(
5	I really like this place. They are the best cleaners I have used. The gentleman at the front desk is always courteous and personable. They cleaned my duvet cover until is was perfect, as well as a leather jacket. Great attention to detail. I trust them with anything.
5	Came in an hour and a half before closing on a Saturday and they were still able to get my dress pressed! Very friendly and great rates! Will definitely be back thanks for saving me!
4	These brothers always remember my name, get my clothes down quick and spot clean for me and have sewed a couple buttons on for me, they needed help with getting the crease figured out on military uniforms but after a time or two they did it and clothes were all good... Keep it up guys
1	Worst customer service EVER! I went in today to have my down comforter dry cleaned and spot cleaned. I was told it was $65, and I could do 50% down. I paid, left the blanket and went on my way. Came home and did some research and found out that the same blanket I was having laundered only cost $50. Not seeing the point in paying $15 extra when I could get a new blanket all together I went back to get my blanket. This was less than an hour later. The guy working was the same one from an hour previously. I told him what I found out and requested my blanket back and a refund for my deposit. He told me, "I don't know how to do refunds. We're a small business, you should just support us." I was appalled. I'm trying to save money on this economy not give it away. He then said that he was going to call the merchant to see how to refund me. He asked me to move aside as another customer was there. As soon as the guy was ready to pay, he hung up the phone with the merchant so he could run his card. He then tells me, "I'll refund you later today, and I'll call you when it's done." Not acceptable. I just wanted my money back and he said a cash refund was not an option. He began staring me down and using the "small business" pity party line and I explained to him that I too work for a small business and I would never deny someone a refund because "I didn't know how."After being there 30 minutes he asked for my id and simply ran my card as refund. Note, he didn't need my id to charge me.I will NEVER return to this place. Someone needs to give him some customer service training. And stop asking for free money when you've rendered zero services.
