4	I ate here the other day and had their "The Most Awesome French Toast Platter Ever!!" The French Toast was made with Chocolate Raspberry Bread. You could taste a hint of the flavors in the bread but it wasn't overwhelming. It was good and I'm glad it wasn't soggy. This platter is served with three eggs any style and choice of bacon or sausage. I had my eggs scrambled with nice and crispy  bacon. This platter is big enough to share! My husband had the Mega Burger which was 1/2 lb burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, dill pickles, and their special sauce. His burger was tasty (I tried that too) and it came with steak fries. His burger came out a little late because they were so busy. They didn't charge us for it . I thought the customer service was warm and welcoming under the busy circumstances.
3	This cafe is in the spot of a previous Denny's. It is a rather large size place. The hostess was a very nice lady who also got our beverages. The waiter also was nice and not bothered by our altering the menu items we ordered. It was a decent breakfast. I had the bacon cheese omelet. The BF had the spinach omelet. Very generous portions. I could not finish it. Mine had too much cheese, I am not a fan of cheddar, to me it does not melt right. It melts greasy and then is very glue like. That is not fault of the cafe. The home fries were very good, nice and crispy. The toast was a little stale. The prices are good.
4	Not too shabby... Is that how the saying goes?I had the $3.99 special, 2- eggs, 2- sausage or bacon, 2- pancakes. Nothing special, but a great price! My son had scrambled w/ bacon and I had over-easy w/ sausage. The meat was small and my 2 over-easy eggs were dwarfed in comparison to my son's scrambled eggs lol. But I guess that's because they use beaters but it wasn't bad. I would return specifically for these type of specials.NOTE: Their winter hours are 7am to 3pm.
3	Does Mega mean Typical? I drove by the Mega Cafe for a few weeks before deciding to give it a try. The name really turns me off; it makes me think of huge portions or a huge menu, neither of which will be found here. I dined here on a Saturday around 11, and found the place fairly empty. A few tables were full, but it was fairly peaceful. The dining room looks like your standard diner, with booths adorning the walls and a few tables in the middle, all splashed in muted tones. It reminded me of being in a Denny's or IHOP. The service was fine enough. I ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich with eggs, cheese, and bacon. The croissant was a bit mushy, as it quickly soaked up the moisture from the eggs. The eggs were bland, and the bacon was as well. I didn't hate it, but it was certainly not anything special. The coffee was very fresh and quite good though. I wouldn't come back here, because there are many similar options offering better food in town.
5	Great price for a quality breakfast...definately will be back for more!!!
1	so I've been here once before and the food was decent, french toast was under cooked but they didn't do horrible on over easy eggs (not the greatest but still...). the server was very nice though, which from the over reviews seemed to be the best thing going for them. well, today i went and this server refused to switch bacon or sausage for hash browns saying "I can take the meat off but I'm going to charge you for hash browns." I don't eat red meat so this was a problem, but they've switched for me before, for free and I told him this and he responded "well, I'm the manager today and I don't do that". so maybe the service was good but it isn't now. and the food isn't exactly worth going through bad service for. TRY TO AVOID THIS PLACE.
1	The service was terrible. I waited 30 minutes for a salad! All I asked for was the dressing on the side. When it finally arrived it was a big bowl of iceberg lettuce and a few carrots with some chicken tossed on. It was gross and it cost $10!! My boyfriends burger sat getting cold while we waited for the waitress to bring over BBQ sauce, which she did, after she took her time wondering around, put away menus, stopped to someone, and we reminded her.  I have been here for breakfast, can't complain, but I will NEVER eat lunch here again. The food is cheap and over priced!!
1	Went there at 11:30 for lunch, there were only five other customers. We ordered a burger and a pastrami sandwich, it took over 40 minutes to get. The pastrami was inedible, too tough to chew through. The burger was mediocre, the meat had no taste. The burger was advertised as 3/4 lb, and consisted of three patties, they were 1/6 patties, not 1/4, but quantity is not the problem, the quality is terrible.The server asked how things were, so we told her. She talked to manager and comped the meal. The service is painfully slow, food is lousy and the prices high, don't waste your time.
4	I used to go here when it was Denny's and I have driven by many times since it became the Mega Cafe.  Ken M;s review really made me want to come a try the white chocolate raspberry French toast.  It was very good.  I can't say I tasted much chocolate, but the raspberry flavor came through.  It seems like the bread is injected with the raspberry flavoring, but I'm not sure of that.You can get the platter which is a full serving of French Toast plus 3 eggs and 3 slices of bacon or 3 pieces of sausage.  You can get just the French Toast, or you can get a half order of the French Toast.  I got the half order which was 2 slices of bread cut in halves.  Very nice breakfast and more than enough.I give it an extra star for the prompt and courteous service.  I also found out that it's the same owners who had Denny's.  Different franchise, evidently.
