4	Great deli and bagel shop - I went in at noon on a Monday and easily found a table.  They brought me a menu and a bowl full of bagel chips, which were fantastic.  I ordered a specialty sandwich, but they have a full list of ingredients from which you can build your own.  For a deli sandwich, the bread is what makes it or breaks it for me, and this place was a winner.  The meat was piled high, and the sandwich came with some great macaroni and egg salad.  Service was spot on.  4 stars only because parking is limited and there is no outdoor seating.  I can't wait to try more menu items!
3	Tucked into the shadow of CPCC and just down from Presby Hospital, this little bagel shop is aiming to fit the need of a place to grab something quick for breakfast or lunch.  As it is just getting started, service comes with a smile, but there are still some kinks to work out with their pacing and staffing.Stopped in with the wife on a Saturday morning just as they opened at 10.  Wait... a bagel shop that does not open til 10?  Yeah, and then add that they are not open at all on Sunday.  I get that they are new and there is no school on the weekend, but the hospital and surrounding neighborhood are buzzing and could easily support an informal eatery that catered to breakfast on weekends.  They do open earlier during the week, but I see a serious opportunity here that would be perfect for City Deli.  Bagels are made fresh but presentation could be better- they are put in tiny wire buckets mounted to the wall behind the counter.  Not only are they too small, but they look like magazine racks.  Luckily, though, the taste is good, with just the right mix of chew and toothless to the outside.  I think I like them even better than Owens.  All the usual flavor are there, I did not notice anything unusual.Homemade cream cheese flavors are a plus, as are the usual smattering of breakfast sandwich options at reasonable prices.  The budget does get stretched when it comes to their deli sandwiches, though.  I don't think I saw one come in under $8.  If you are a carnivore, they use Boar's Head meats and pile it high, so maybe the price works, but that's a bit steep for a bagel sandwich.  Luckily, orders do come with store-made bagel chips of assorted flavors.  Nice and unique addition as compared to any other bagel shop in town.  Service was prompt, but I still get the sense everyone behind the counter is trying to figure out how to make it run smoother.  I suppose there are worse problems to have.  Good for free wi-fi and the obligatory TV in the dining space, but I prefer people watching from the front windows.  I welcome City Deli to the neighborhood, but hope they work out the kinks and find the time to put some more hours on their open sign.
4	I walked in for lunch and had such a pleasant discussion with a lovely woman from NJ behind the counter. We talked for awhile about our favorite food from back home ( me being from upstate NY). I am very excited to have a traditional NY-style deli so close by. I went with chicken salad which came with a pickle spear and some delicious mac salad for about $7 including tax. The chicken salad is not chunky (but shredded) and has no fruit. It is a bit dill-heavy in my opinion but overall I thought it was very tasty and would definitely get it again. I ate one half and I was more than full. I had my choice of bread and went with a hoagie - which was my only real gripe. The bread was not soft at all - this could be due to its storage as it is left out in baskets (and tasted that way). Soft bread would have put this sandwich over the top. The mac salad was delicious and I could have easily eaten 3 or 4 of those little plastic ramekins. I cant wait to try some other sandwiches (all boars head products) and the homemade cream cheese (baked apple- yes please!)
4	A delightful little deli to stop into for lunch.  When I first stepped in, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I had come here since many coworkers were speaking of a delicious deli not far from us.  The setting is simple.  A little tv tucked in the corner, tables for people dining in with menus already on the tables.Let's get to the good stuff now, FOOD.  The food was pure deliciousness.  While waiting for the food, we also were given some bagel chips to munch on while waiting for our meals.  It had a great variety of different bagel chips in the basket, so you were able to have some different tastes in your mouth.  By the time I was happily done munching on my chips, I beheld my sandwich from across the room, and it just looked glorious.  It was a very big portion, and the first bite was just something everyone in Charlotte should experience.  The Italian Hero was my love for that moment.  (Sorry dear husband!  You lost my love for 30 minutes!)  My meal was so good, yet I was full within the first half of my sandwich, so I had to take the second half to go.  With my meal though, there was also a macaroni and cheese pasta and a delicious pickle.  It was just perfect.The service was nice.  They all seemed really helpful when we ordered our food.  I guess they just lost a star from me because it was not that busy while I was dining there, but it did take them a while to pack my left overs and to give us the bill.  Other than that, it's a perfect lunch spot to hit up.
3	UPDATE**  Last time I went in there the service was very slow, despite three people behind the counter.  Food is always good, no complaints there.  Sometimes they are out of certain meats or cheeses, but that just tells me they won't put it out unless it's fresh.  Always clean, easy to find a parking spot, service just needs to kick it up a notch.
1	These reviews must be from family members or the owners of the business themselves. I ordered a chicken ceaser salad and i got a box full of romaine lettuce and sliced turkey pieces! The salad cost 8 bucks and it was not at all what i expected or ordered. Service is extremely slow and they are not very friendly. They have no competition and I guess that is why they can offers sub par service. I will not come here again.
3	I went around 10 am, so maybe I didn't get their fresh bagels. Mine was a little tough, but the spinach cream cheese was a winner.
1	To begin, the two employees were outside smoking when I walked up.  If you're going to smoke, do it out back where customers can't see you.  I came in for a simple sandwich, and was let down.  They made the order wrong, took forever, tasted horrible (very dry), and was way too expensive.  I live in Elizabeth, and really enjoy the "food scene" in the neighborhood.  I will never spend another dime in the place.  Avoid.
4	I like this place, and it's a great place to go to get a bite to eat on a poor college student's budget :) service is a little slow, but every time I've come they were busy, so that's understandable.
5	Great service.. Better be hungry when you go.. BIG sandwiches!! This is a great place.
4	We have been 4 times so far, for breakfast or brunch, and we love it! It is definitely our go-to place for bagels & cream cheese now. They have homemade cream cheese in a variety of flavors! So far I have had the strawberry and brown sugar honey walnut (because I love them so much, I pick them whenever I can).My partner has tried, and I have had bites of, bagels with the everything cc & jalepeno cc - yum!! Delicious.We've had a variety of bagels: regular, everything, wheat, sesame, and cinnamon raisin. So good! The owner/manager is from NY and you can tell from the quality bagels!The service has always been friendly and as quick as possible. I never walk away without dropping a deserved tip in their basket!We've eaten there & gotten it to go. We enjoy the casual small business, welcoming environment they provide in their quaint dining area (self-serve coffee is always a plus!). I've run by here a couple times before work now & my coworker could not have been happier when I brought in bagels and coffee from CDB.I woke up to a notification that they have a Groupon ($5 for $10! my kind of deal) so we already bought 2!
4	Breakfast is good. Salad's are a mix of greens and romaine (I detest an iceberg salad) and the tea and coffee is fresh. They definitely make the cold salads fresh daily because when we visited our only option was macaroni salad because they had been busier than usual and hadn't had time to make anything else. I'm good with that as I prefer fresh foods over instant gratification.
2	First off the sound the door makes when it's opened is obnoxious. A friend and I went for lunch and boy did that sound grind my gears.  The complimentary bagel chips were dope; crunchy and seasoned well, however, that was the only thing about this place that was good. Usually when you see a boar's head sign, you think this will be good. But wait! It's not.  The server took so long to bring us our waters that we FORGOT that we ordered them.  The sandwiches that we ordered were so bleh. I had the chicken salad on wheat. I wanted a kaiser roll, but they were out. It came with a tiny cup of mac salad and pickle spear. Those too were meh. It made me sad. My friend ordered something that he ended up disassembling and scraping before he finally gave up.Just go somewhere else.
3	Bagels are pretty good. A little kindness goes a long way though. I felt like I was being rushed and everyone behind the counter was annoyed and not very nice at all to customers or each other. They need to be patient, grateful and smile once in a while.
4	Saw this place on groupon and decided to give it a try.  Glad I did, I ordered a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel that tasted great. I'll definitely be back to try out their lunch menu.
5	Tasty sandwiches and fresh bagels.  Good customer service.
