5	I bought a bridesmaid's dress at David's Bridal for around $200.  David's wanted $60 for just a hem and I believe another $25 because it would be a two week turn around.  Of course I said no way and went to another tailor in town I was familiar with.  He wanted $100.  Apparently this double, triple skirt design makes for expensive alterations.  So at this point I'm about to wear some stripper heels for height or get creative with double-sided tape.  But a coworker told me about this place and she highly recommended them.    I went on a Saturday and she looked at the dress and quoted $25 with a three day turn around.  I was leaving Friday morning.  On Thursday night before she closed she called to make sure I was coming because she knew I needed it Saturday.   I wound up picking it up Friday morning and it turned out perfect.I can't recommend this place enough for reasonable prices and great customer service.
5	I bring my clothes here all the time when I need alterations.  They do a great job all the time.  The price is not bad either.
5	I have gone to Crystal Alterations for years. The woman who owns the shop is always so friendly and helpful.  Im hit or miss when I come in, but she makes it clear she remembers me by how she interacts with me.  Small alterations shop, but full of heart.
5	Great prices, great alterations and super friendly! I hadn't been in here in at least 2 years and right when I walked in, the lady recognized me and asked how have I been? How's that for great customer service? It's a little far from my house since I've moved, but this is the only place I trust to hem my expensive clothing!
5	I went here to get two dress pants hemmed. Kay helped me and she was very sweet and funny. The pants were ready next day with no extra charge...definitely recommend this place.
5	I've been coming here for years for alterations for cheer uniforms, formal dresses, school uniforms, etc. I've never ever been disappointed. Always on time, and done right. Very reasonable prices. Thanks, Kay! :)
5	I had 36 patches that I wanted on my step dad's jacket for a birthday gift. They gave a a great deal compared to other alteration places. If I ever need work done, this is the go to spot!
