5	OK......I LOVE this place!  When one of my nephews is due to be on the receiving end of a gift, this is the only place I go.  Katie, the shop's owner, has put together a very hip and varied collection of clothes and unique gifts for kids.  On top of that, she has a collection of nostalgic candy (yes, candy) that you can throw in with your gift to add a little flare.  When you've picked what you want, the staff throws it all in a cool silver paint can, which acts as the gift's box.  The kid may not appreciate it, but the parents will "oooh" and "aaah" about how creative you are.But, pay attention, because here's the best part.  Cold beer.  Yes, cold beer.  A collection of cold microbrews (as well as assorted wines) is kept hand to help loosen up your wallet as you shop.  I was handed a cold bottle of Fat Tire as I perused the racks of clothes.  If Nordstrom did this, I'd probably have a new suit every week.To sum it up, next time you need a gift for a child, head straight to Garage, get yourself a nice adult beverage and be glad your AMEX has no predetermined spending limit.  Nothing is cheap here.  But, everything is unique and the experience can't be beat.  Trust me, come December, this is the only place I'll be looking for my nephews' holiday gifts.
5	Seriously my new fave place ever! Such a great variety of fashionable, clever, and witty clothes for youths but a plethora of items that bring me back to what I grew up with (novelty toys and items) as well as new mod things that aren't necessarily, "Necessary", but MUST HAVE/WANT items  to put on this years wish list.They truly have everything from baby to adult items. I could literally spend a few hours and a bundle of cash if need be. Payday is coming up... I'll be seeing them very soon!
3	Lots of fun items here for the young and young at heart.  There are nostalgic candies and T-shirts with quirky sayings.  We got my daughter a spiky backpack in dark purple (also came in neon green, orange, light sky blue, black, and a mustard yellow).
2	I would give this place an eek methinks not except for the fact that they have such great stuff, but a no return policy...none at all, prevents me from ever going again.
3	Yes, the owner seems very nice. Yes, the shop carries unique, hip, and trendy clothing for boys and girls.  Hmmm, it just seems wrong to spend $45 for a t-shirt for a toddler when the shirt will get worn maybe once or twice. Gulp.
5	This review is not only for Garage, but also "Family Dugout," the new pop up shop that is owned by and connected to Garage... It just opened this week and it will be around through Spring Training!Family Dugout is a baseball lover's dream... they're still getting in a ton of merchandise, but for now, they've got really cute baseball team books, books about ballparks, team pennants, Cracker Jacks, peanuts, popcorn, Big League Chew, sunflower seeds, and more.  The "dugout" is covered in green turf and I'm pretty sure there will soon be an area where you can take pics as if you were posing for a baseball card.  The only bummer: no Detroit Tigers stuff but I assume that's because their spring training takes place in Florida and not here.  As for Garage itself, they've got amazing quirky fun gifts for kids and hip adults... and a huge collection of unique candy too!  I picked up some fun stuff recently and Baby M got a few fabulous gifts here from friends as well... Right now you can pick up all kinds of onesies and infant outfits with band themes including AC/DC, The Beatles, Rolling Stones, Run DMC, and more.  There is a plethora of cute stuff for both boys and girls too.  Katie, the owner, is super sweet, and so was Lisa who was working today when I stopped by.  Sure gifts from Garage are on the pricey side, but sometimes you just can't resist.  If nothing else, stop by this place to "window shop" or pick up a sugary snack.  You can't help but smile at how adorable and fun both Garage and Family Dugout are!
4	I don't have kids, but I kind of love this store. There are just so many fun and funky things for children from newborns to pre-teens in here. I was in there the other day and I almost bought a Beatles Yellow Submarine shirt for my nephew. It was so awesome! It looked like an vintage concert Tee but the design was actually a reproduction of the album cover, I believe. And it was really soft. But then, like fellow Yelper Su-shien C, I woke up and realized that I was about to spend forty bucks on a t-shirt for a 2 year old. So, I didn't buy it. But now I find myself thinking about it and I want to go back and get it. It would be so cute to see him walking around in that cool shirt! Maybe for his birthday. I think he would probably rather have a toy but I know his parents would love the shirt as much as I did.So, in summary, Garage is not the store you want to take your kids back to school shopping by any means but it is a great place to buy a special splurge present for your favorite hipster couple who have recently become parents.
1	I have been in twice, the 1st time I saw a jacket for my daughter and no one would help me. I asked the lady several times to help with getting a size down off the rack and she kept saying she would but then went over to help others. Well i left and figured I would just go back and hope for better help next visit. I walked in and there was a huge dog walking around the store. I was told it was the owners dog and spends a lot of time there. Well the store has a lot of inventory and not much space for a dog of that size to be walking around. As i am making my way back to the jacket I went for the 1st time I see a lady and her child near the dog. The mother asked if they could pet the dog and the person behind the desk said "sure" next thing I know i hear a loud growl and and bark then see the child on the ground crying. The mother scoops up the kid and begins to calm her down the ladies working there did nothing at all. I stood there waiting to see how they would handle the situation thinking that could have been my child. After a few other people in the store started making comments they called the dog over and put it in back. Not one word was said to the mother or child. Not even asking if the child was ok. I decided to just leave the store  since this was the 2nd I went in and got no help. After those 2 times I have decided not to go back!
5	Great shopping! Need gift for boss's daughter, and they nailed it. Thanks
5	Take grandma here ASAP.  This is the place little girl dreams are made of.  I posted my pics already, they were that awesome.  I wouldn't say this is the place to buy all your kids clothes but def. a great place for gifts and out of the ordinary accessories.
5	If you want to be the coolest kid on the block at a baby shower, buy a gift from Garage. They have every cool baby item imaginable. They have trench baby clothes, baby toys, baby accessories and everything else you can think of. But if you don't have a baby if your life, that's ok! They also have great trinkets, toys and old school candy. It's like a playground of adventure when you step foot inside this shop and it's fun to just stop in and browse, but chances are you'll find something to take home!
1	Let me preface this by saying that over the years I have wanted to sign-up for yelp but have not for one reason or another. I would never want to publicly say something mean about a place of business; however my experience at Garage Boutique left me no choice but to sign-up and post a review. I have never, in all my life, been treated the way I was treated in this store. Picture Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman on Rodeo Drive; however a. I am not a hooker and b. Garage Boutique is not a shop on rodeo drive. The only similarity is the snotty, arrogant, rude manager/owner-whatever she might be.  I was not looking to simply browse that day.  I  was on a mission for a few gifts and found them in this store. Never-mind making a purchase, the sour customer care made it impossible for me to actually give this boutique anything more then a look of shock at their nightmarish treatment of potential customers. Simply put, do yourself a favor and shop somewhere else. All their designer merchandise can be found online or in stores that actually represent the kind people of Arizona and not the vapid management from the Garage.  I am returning to Arizona with a group of girls who are pregnant/have children. We will not be going to this store; which is a shame because they did have some cute things. On principle, I refuse to give them any business. There are better stores in Arizona that do not operate under the premise that you should feel honored to be able to shop in their store. Business must be good to treat people the way they do.
5	This is such a cute store! They have really unique and fashionable i teams for mainly children, but also some cool items for adults as well. If you are ever looking for a gift this is a great place to go. The owner is also very kind and helpful. I always stop by this boutique whenever I am in the old town area, because I know they are constantly getting new items.
