4	Great little cafe, tasty treats to accompany your coffee. Place is a perfect stop while walking up to the castle
4	Located on the Mound what a great little coffee shop Cafe Musa is for morning through early evening chill time with a focus on consuming a selection of tea and coffee, sandwiches, cake and scones. Close enough to other stunning Edinburgh attractions such as The Hub, Castle and Royal Mile and Festival box office. Found a little way from the shops on Princes Street its one fantastic starting point for your day exploring the city. Open daily after 8am til 6pm, Sat 10am til 6pm, closed on Sundays. they have lots of flavours to try and have nice city views also if you sit at a window seat. Some tables are booked during busy times but if you are a small party then no need to worry as there is ample table space, otherwise book ahead. Cafe Musa is open a lot later during Edinburgh Festival if I remember right from last year, was still sitting there at midnight!If you dont believe me then take a look at other Yelps. Alisa R reckons the tea for two is a grand deal, and Jackie D explored it mid-way to the Castle, Blythe R mentions it has to be a good neighbour to the variety of competition nearby, while TripAdvisor reviews deem it "perfectly adequate, especially if you manage to combine use of an Itison voucher."My take is its got wifi, is not too noisy even during the busy Edinburgh Fringe, has big enough tables to work at, is bright and cool enough not just in a casual hip sort of way but not stuffy with dead air spaces. Their small amount of friendly staff do take the time to know your name, and will fill a thermos of coffee for your needs when they dont really need to. Soup is provided, as is friendly smiles and chat when Edinburgh has its coldest days, cool drinks for children or adults on its warmest. There is also a kids play area but I've never really seen it used, around which are positioned large comfy sofas. Like the tv show Black Books don't let your children sit on them, they are so large you might loose one down the back? Cafe Musa can tailor to most tastes, stocks Illy coffee, soups, are products Gluten free, need to find out on next visit, and their prices are not too damaging to your purse/wallet. At just under a tenner will probably get you sandwiches, soup and coffee plus cake(TBC)If you can have Breakfast at Tiffanys, then why not have lunch at Cafe Musa?
4	I met here with the Buggy Brigade and found it to be very welcoming. The interior is cosy and the owner very friendly. They have a lovely selection of loose tea and they serve Illy coffee which (apologies to those of you that hate the corporate machine that is) is the next best to Starbucks in my opinion.There's a good selection of sandwich's, panini's and Jacket potatoes. I was very impressed with the selection of cakes and pastries they have to offer and a number of them caught my eye. The post mummy-tummy prevents me from diving in to try so I can't comment on their taste but they won in the looks department. The toilet/changing facilities are excellent. Clean and for those of you that forget to bring the wipes & nappy bags now and again like me will be pleased to know that there are some there. It seems a shame that they are in an excellent spot but have the problem of passing trade to actually notice them despite the 7 boards they have outside! It's a lovely venue to meet up with friends (with or without buggies!), the drinks on offer are great and the food that I've tried was definitely up to scratch :) Once you know it's here you'll be back.
