4	It was my first time here.  Was recommended by my coworker.  However, I was a little unsure as I've read some bad reviews about this place.The first visit was great.  The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed.  Everyone seemed happy and talkative.  Dr. Bezak was very nice.  He had a smile on him the entire time I was there.  He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog.  Overall, I had a good first visit and definitely going back.The only thing that made it didn't earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm.  The entire office have their lunch at 1pm.  So I can tell there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don't mind that it was a quick visit, but I would have liked to had time to ask more questions.  If you want adequate time with the doc, consider making your appointment after their lunch.
2	The problem I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted 3 minutes.  The vet checked the ears, teeth, and nails then called it a day.  I came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had a "slab fracture"  which was still attached to the gum.  The vet didn't mentioned it during the "exam" other than telling me to buy a finger brush to brush his teeth.I was primarily there for a vaccination shot but if they're going to charge me for a examination, they should do a proper examination.  I just felt I was rushed out of there. I took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture, gave me info on how it usually happens, potential problems that it can cause, and recommendations on ways to fix the problem.
4	As not only pet-owners, but as dog breeders let me say - we love this place!  We've heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn't believe our ears...Dr. Bezak is great and the staff is really friendly and helpful.
5	I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.
