4	The great thing about this place is that they deliver. The sit-down experience isn't so bad though - it's actually quite pleasant, and the staff is very nice. The back room has a bar and a stage where they could potentially host some badass karaoke or bands or something. Apparently, the building used to be used for such a thing. They did renovate before moving in I think.They have fairly delicious food - soups are good and their won tons are great. It's pretty standard Asian cuisine... I've had better, but it's reliable and I like it. The prices are reasonable as well. I've had better for sure, but this is good stuff. It would get a 3.5 stars if we could do half stars, but I pushed it to a 4 because it's so convenient and they are nice people - plus, the restaurant itself is kinda neat inside... it has potential anyway.
4	I ordered from Banana Leaf last night.  We had the food delivered and I was beyond impressed.  3 meals was enough for 4 people, with some food leftover!Delivery took close to an hour, but it was worth it.  It totally cured by chinese food cravings.  We ordered mongolian beef, sesame chicken and sweet chili thai beef (or something like that).  The meat was not chewy or processed, it was crispy where it needed to be and had a really good flavor.  If you're looking for your chinese food fix I would totally recommend this place.
5	If I had to choose one food genre it would be asian and if I had to choose one chinese restaurant that is affordable, friendly, consistent, healthy and all around enjoyable, it would be Banana Leaf. They deliver, which is fantastic, but my husband and I LOVE eating in. The staff is amazingly friendly, the food is always fresh, fast and delicious and the ambience is interesting, but always pleasant and usually quiet. Far above a dive, but not a smidge of pretention, we love it there. We always get the crab puffs and then have 5-8 favorite menu items to rotate between.
5	Both times I've eaten here it's completely empty inside. I guess they make most of their money off of delivery service. I suppose the emptiness is due to their out of the way location, because the food, service, and atmosphere is great. The Chinese food is what you'd expect for the prices-- tasty, a bit americanized, but still very satisfying. The place is family owned, and our waitress is extremely friendly and talkative. I would go there just to have her as our server again. The atmosphere is much nicer than other Asian restaurants of similar price range-- cool decorations on the walls, nice booths/tables, and fancy gold Chinese characters painted everywhere. A great casual location for dinner with family or friends.
3	Tonight, it was delivery Asian and catching up on Tivo time!I don't know if anybody other than Banana Leaf delivers in OTowScow (yeah, that's right, a new term for Old Town Scottsdale), but if these folks keep doing it right, I don't really need another option.The food is certainly comparable to pretty much anything I've had here in town (Jade Palace, George and Son, ChopWok, etc.). I think the food is better than PeiWei or PF Chang, and more importantly, I don't have to walk over or drive over to pick it up!I barely had to do anything to get fed tonight!!! Is this a great country, or what?Banana Leaf has nice nice selection of various Asian cuisines so you can mix and match (we had hot & sour soup, Pad Thai, Szechuan Chicken, so a nice combo of flavors).The prices are good and the delivery service is friendly and prompt. All the essential components of good eats.I will have to go into the actual restaurant someday, but until then...bring me food.
2	One of my Customer recommended this place...so we went to check it out. we were there on Friday 7:00 pm. the place was empty; Two other table + us. total of three table. I immediately become apprehensive about how Good this place. Four of Us, each order a special dish as recommend by our server... House specialty - she say. To me; it was Americanized version of Chinese food same as any other Chinese restaurant in town. I can't say it was bad...yet, I can not say it was really good, To me it was so so, Same kind average dish from any Chinese restaurant. Don't look for Gourmet Chinese food here.
1	Sorry Banana Leaf... I'm usually not picky at all but the Thai Curry Tofu and Vegetable dish I picked up last night was awful.  Really... it was almost not edible.  The packaging was not great, so it kind of spilled a bit in the bag - not a good start.Perhaps the curry is the 'yellow curry' that Jenny R refers to in her review - maybe the chef should taste it before serving it - it was nasty!Seriously, I've had better Asian food from the food court at the mall before!I will say, you did listen to my request to add eggplant to the dish - thank you... but if someone requests eggplant, perhaps you should make sure it's cooked fully next time.  I had a bite that was barely cooked - it was crunchy.  So, needless to say - I don't think I'll be giving you another shot.  First impressions sometimes last a lifetime.  Sorry Banana Leaf!
1	Walking in you will not have high expectations.  The outside of the building is very lacking.  (I usually give chinese food places a free pass for this one, but this one is speacial)  Approaching the host stand and attempting to communicate was not fun- for take out!  Ane the food was like something out of a grocery store hot deli line.  poor poor poor
2	Got the Thai Curry Chicken...horrible. The chicken was weird...it was very thinly sliced and rubbery??? And def not Thai curry.
1	The food here is awful. Go elsewhere.
1	Probably the worst restuarant in Phoenix next to Zipps sports bar.  The food tasted like it was microwaved and rubber.  I always wondered why there was no cars parked out front....and now I know why. Beware:  eat at this place at your own risk!
2	I'd been meaning to try this place forever.  I think I was craving thai food so I ordered Pad thai and pad see ew.  Not the best I've had..  I wouldn't order these here.  Maybe their chinese food is better?  They said the owners were Chinese...
2	The food was pretty average - and now it's closed.
