5	This is by far the best gym I've ever joined. Jason & Robert as always so helpful and nice. The gym is very clean and stocked with tons of equipment. Also, their prices are half of what I used to pay at 24 hour fitness. Would recommend to anyone!
2	I would call this gym adequate and would not recommend it to anyone else. There are so many more options in the local area that are far better. I am able to complete my workouts, however with the machines in disrepair you will need to be versatile. Some machines are broken and have been for many months. The fountain handles are broken and they no longer provide cold water. All of that being said the staff is inviting and they offer many programs to suit fitness levels of anyone. There is a private room for mass workouts, the sort that usually involve dance or yoga. I do like this gym just wish they would keep it updated.
1	This gym is such a joke.  First reason . The service is terrible . I signed up and was supposed to get 2 free personally training sessions . I scheduled my first one . Don't remember his name but Jason scheduled it with a Unlv student . I get there 10 minutes early . Check in and the kid said I don't have a session . And Jason yelled at him and said check your book. Robert was nice enough to sit down and talk to me for 20 minutes and get my body composition . Robert said he'll make it up to me and scheduled another appointment . I show up site enough Robert is with his client and completely blew me off . I went up to him and he said oh I'll call you and reschedule . Guess what never got a phone call . Just because I'm a certified trainer doesn't mean you have to treat me terrible . Now all I get is the new hired trainers calling me at least once a month to go in . Why would I want to give you my valuable time when you already wasted 2 hours of mine . Second there billing is a joke . I agreed to pay ** a month . And sure enough I check my card I was getting charged  **. I called and of course Robert answered and said Jason would call me back . He never did . I had to call back again and speak with Jason to get it taken care off.
