4	For the entire weekend, Water Street is closed off from Victory Rd. all the way up to Ocean for the Super Run Classic Car Show. It's a free, all ages can attend the  event .Several hundred vintage cars, trucks, motorcycles, and hot rods are on display for the "Show & Shine" part of the show.   It took us about an hour and a half starting from Victory to walk all the way up to Ocean and another hour back to see everything.  It wasn't too crowded late afternoon, so we were able to take our time, take a few pix and just marvel at all the gorgeous shiny classic cars and chit chat w/their owners.  As the sun went down it sure got busier, cars are heard revin' up their engines, and live music and a concert livened up the night!  The streets were packed to the point it felt like we were Disneyland again! It was pretty crowded and it was a little harder to move. Nevertheless the  atmosphere was casual, safe (Henderson Police presence)  and family friendly which made our evening enjoyable. Food/DrinksThere are also food & drink vendors throughout the entire length and along the side streets. If adult beverages is your thing, I spotted a stand right in front of Detroit Motor City Hot Dogs near Pacific, The Beer Garden, which is set up in the grassy area off to the side of Henderson Events Plaza and another stand by the 7 Eleven by Basic.  Food stands dotted each block too! Follow your nose! Bbq'ing everywhere! Across from the Events Plaza on the grassy area where the city court is, there is a stand for deep fried Snickers, Reeses Cups, Oreos and you name it they're deep frying it over there. Also pop corn stand with different bagged varieties of popcorn.  My food truck radar went off and I spotted the Chuck Wagon Catering truck parked nearby Events Plaza also. Check out the Chuck Wagon Soda beverage stand! All natural, pure cane sugar and no caffeine! There's bottled water also, I'm assuming so because I kept hearing someone shout out "Bottled Water!"  ..also all the local shops along Water Street were open late so we were able to  walk in and browse through them.  Oh and porta pottys are available and  placed along the way.TipsParking easier to find if you're coming down Pacific from Van Wanganen follow the signs from there or park as close to Water St as you can and just walk from there since that is pretty much the starting point.Stay hydrated, bring water, its still hot!If you are a car enthusiast you will enjoy this event!
5	Super Run is always a great event!  Great cars and great people!Shirley B's review says it all.  There is also a kick off party at The District on the day before Super Run (Thursday) - not all the cars are displayed there, but the entire mall area is full of cars, and some overflowing into the driveway between The District and Green Valley Ranch.
