4	Went there Sunday night to check out the BRAND NEW club! Staff was super nice, very clean and a classy joint. My straight friends felt very welcome and comfortable! Wish them much success!!!
1	Got a free entrance to the club via someone on social media.  It's a good thing because the place is crazy expensive.Place is poorly marked and when you find it you have to make your way through 4+ bouncers and enter into a room for only bottle service.  That room was empty when I walked in which gave me flashbacks to all my murder mystery parties that were equally populated.  Farther back is a more open room, also with no regular seating and way too much staff walking around giving it an uneasy prison feel.Overall I felt underdressed in jeans and button up given the vibe they appear to be going for.  One final thing, really disappointed that when you pay $12 for a drink it comes in a plastic glass.  They would have been 2 stars but for this.
2	Went last night. I was there about 1 am. Felt pretty uncomfortable with all of the security guys with FBI Looking wires in their ears. So they have these roped of areas all around the perimeter of the back room where every one was. The tables behind the ropes were all empty. I guess these were the bottle areas? I dunno. Maybe.  In any case if they want people to come they need top make them comfortable. Five, yes five serious looking straight looking bouncer types before you were allowed to pay the $20 cover to enter into what looked like the dead zone. Nice bartender but, seriously,  plastic?  Got a kettle one on the rocks. Big rocks little kettle if you knows what i mean.Okay. They did have a bizarre show. I just didn't get it. These boys did their show with those home depot dusk masks on. Let me say there must have been some message in the choreography but i missed it. I'm sure it's me, but except for the photographer i really didn't see anyone paying attention. Dull. I'll say it again, dull.Maybe I'm old school but I'd take a decent drag queen show over this any day. Kudos to the dj. He was spot on.Good luck liaison. Hope you can change fast enough to be relevant and fun. Two stars because i think that this is important for our community.
5	First and foremost it's about time a gay nightclub opened up in a casino on the strip! The club is beautiful! The gold and black decor give it a very luxurious and classy feel which makes it unique compared to other gay nightclubs in Vegas! The staff is very friendly and also very very good looking! Drinks are very reasonably priced considering the location on the strip and the DJs sure know how to keep people on the dance floor! My friends and I had an amazing time and can't wait to go back!
5	my friend gave me a birthday party opening night! It was packed good music good drinks two dance floors. Bottle service, servers we're very quick! As a straight woman I love going to gay bars you don't have to worry about that slimy guys crawling all over you! Haven't had that much fun in a really long time!
5	This is a very unique place to go. It's so clean, local friendly, and u get a drink with $20 entry. Unbelievable staff. You see them hustling and running all night. Perfect place for Ladies night out when you just want to go somewhere and dance with your girls. Also the security guys are extremely friendly whether your gay or straight. They treat everyone the same and are just the nicest bouncers of any club I've ever been in ! A little tip though, if you like the Facebook page they post and send u specials for free entry. But hands down, It's the nicest gay club in Las Vegas.
5	Definitely exceeded my expectations!!! Got bottle service here for my birthday and the staff was amazing! Service is impeccable, and the club is beautiful! I would recommend anyone to come here! Will be coming back for future parties! This is the place to be!!!!
5	For starters, I had heard from friends that the place received bad reviews- I was hesitant to go but thought to experience it for myself. I had a hard time finding the place located within Bally's. Once I found it, it felt like I walked the entire property from valet!!! Second, Bally's needs a major facelift. Third, I was taken back by the $20 charge at the door. It was a total bummer for I am one not accustomed to be charged at a gay club; especially being a local which I immediately reverted to the thought of a straight club. After the individual at the door explained to me that it was a drink minimum and I was given a ticket- I understood the concept. I gone to the bar and I cashed in my drink ticket for a goose and red bull. $20 charge was overall justified. Inside, it is extremely beautiful and had good music. The DJ could have played a bit more pop or vocals but he kept the crowds attention. I liked the outfits that the staff was wearing, it was consistent with the sense of elegance and class of the venue and its design. BTW, Liaison is too nice for Bally's but it is in the heart of the strip, which makes the place unique. In addition, the staff is very good looking!!! Later, some friends decided to catch-up so I decided to purchase bottle service. The process was relitively easy and the server expedited our bottle to the table- I witnessed the sense of urgency from everyone involved. In addition, I was quite impressed with the customer service and attention to detail they provided. Later, I was highly impressed when Thomas Davis the manager-btw, who is EXTREMELY attractive, introduced himself, asked us about our experience and taken the time to make us feel like VIP's. Even though at first, my impression of the venue did not start off so well, the beauty of the club, the customer service and attention to detail really helped turn my view around. Therefore, I gave the venue 5 stars. We had a great time and HIGHLY encourage everyone to experience Liaison's. Lesson learned- don't judge a book by it's cover!!!
5	This place is beautiful!  My buddy and I decided to check it out on a Thursday night the week after it opened.  The venue is really clean and decorated perfectly.  The drinks are average to high priced.  The most impressive part about this place is you don't have the douche bag bouncers and door people giving you a hard time.  They were happy to have us.  Give this place a try.
3	I was very excited to check this place out, for it's new in Vegas. I wasn't impressed, but I still had a good time. The place is way smaller than I expected, and there's a $20 cover, and I honestly don't think the place is worth the $20. I think the locals get in free, so good for those of you that live in Vegas! LolThe music was pretty good, but that may also be attributed to Gaga being in Vegas that night with her ArtRave. I will probably will give this place another shot when I return to Vegas.
2	A group of friends invited me to go out to Liaison over the weekend and I was excited to see what a new gay club on the Strip would have to offer. Instead of anything new, or even a cool atmosphere, it was just a hot empty room in the front and a half packed room in the back. We got there before midnight and got in for free with our local ID. It is bad when one of the employees prefaces your entrance with, "Don't be surprised that the room is empty, there are more people in the back". Okay... I guess I should be going somewhere else. In fact, I was at a gay bar near university and left for this club. The only difference was the previous place was jamming. Of course, the booze is expensive. Of course, it is slightly uncomfortable. It is not as dressy as people has been reporting. It was an awkward mix shorts and flip flops, bow ties and button downs, khakis and polos, and various other states of dress. Besides being with friends, I can't say I enjoyed the experience there.
4	This place is VERY new. So new that I think not many people know about it. I'm not really into the club scene but the BF wanted to check it out. It was a Sunday night. We got on the guest list and got in free. The place never really reached its full potential. It never got full of people. But that doesn't mean it wasn't nice and that people shouldn't give it a chance.The music was great. All it truly needed was more people. The place was very clean and looked nice. There was a bathroom attendant and he was super cool. I don't know if this is the norm in vegas clubs but he started my water and would pump the soap for me when I would wash my hands and even give me a napkin to wipe off. He was probably the coolest part of coming here for me personally haha.Overall people should check this place out. I think it has the potential to be big. All it needs is to have a solid base of customers and for that to happen people need to stick with this place.
1	Before I even entered they wanted to charge me and my partner $40.00 as an entrance fee. Go to share or piranha night club they do not charge locals an entrance fee.
1	The location and space are good but after that falls flat. Went on a Thursday night at 1040pm they had a roped off line and no communication as to why. (Though supposedly is suppose to open at 10). Finally after 15 minutes they started letting people in. I was asked if I was on "the list"! Really? Are you THAT exclusive?? I make it past the rope line to get to the next hurdle. Lady at the desk asks me how I got in - after all I'm not on the list. I asked what the problem was and she said oh.. Well.. No problem.. We're ok with heterosexuals. Um... I'm gay. Oh well go on in. I get in and there's maybe 20 people in there - certainly not a hot crowd warranting a line and needing to be on a list. Ordered my one $14 drink that was on their specials list - bartender had never made one before. No place to sit but large booths for groups. I was VERY disappointed at how this place was run. Maybe when they mature they might be more popular if they last that long.
3	Cover-$20 no discount for locals. I'm not big on cover charge because I'm from SF and our cover charges are normally $5 but it's Vegas. It's worth it for atmosphere, and music.Entrance/bottle service-we got bottle service for $250 which included tip, and 4 cover charges. I flirted with the promoter and basically threw my panties at him and was able to get 8 people in with the bottle service. Bottle was absolut with 3 mixers, and a hot ass gogo boy to serve us. Yassssss.Bar drinks- this was a hit or miss. I went to one bartender and got well drinks for $9 and another bar tender who charged $11 for well drinks. Drinks are rather small for the price. They are strong but the glass is small so ehhhhh they could improve on this area. You'd be better off getting smashed in the casino first and then coming to this plae.Service-bartenders were all nice, and not, but I think they were straight. Bouncers were cool, they weren't assholes like other clubs. Staff was all great. I've experienced worse in straight clubs.Atmosphere- dance floor was big. There are 2 rooms. The one in the front which was empty when we got there, and the back room which is the main room was big, packed, loud music, it was popping. Dj played a lot of 90s hip hop and current beats which had everyone dancing. Big bathrooms with no line, lady bunny performed was awesome. Stage gogo dancers was a thumbs down. 4 dancers, I tipped 2 of them. Most  gogo dancers let you tip in their thong or briefs. These 2 assholes stuck their shoe out to me to tip them. Not even a hug or thank you. That's just rude. How you gonna throw your junk in everyone's face and then stick your feet/shoe out for some tips. Really bitch? Some guys just threw the $$$ at them as said fuck off to them, hahaha that was funny.I'd go back with bottle service. I wouldn't pay cover if None of the other clubs charge cover except this one. That's the only reason why I gave it a 3 is the cover and shitty gogo dancers.
5	I was very excited to see Las Vegas's newest gay club and Liaison did not disappoint! The venue is beautiful, music was great and service was A+. When my friends and I first arrived, the hosts graciously greeted and walked us to our table. The server was very prompt and handsome...which was an added bonus. The go-go dancers were entertaining to watch. The DJ was amazing. Even the bouncers at this place were friendly. The overall experience here made us feel like rockstars. I recommend this club to anyone wanting to have a fun night out. Its my new favorite gay club in Vegas!
5	With a name like Drai's attached, I think it's a pretty big deal to have a club like this inside a major casino on the strip.I love the Vegas clubbing scene: Greatly Designed Interiors, Amazing Service, Beautiful People, and the best in EDM blaring. Only thing missing was one for the LGBT community.Enter Liaison.First to note were the people working the front door, security that is obviously gay friendly if not gay themselves. It's an unusual feeling being a male in Vegas that's approached with an actual warm smile by the bouncer. My group wants a selfie by the front door and the bouncer takes my phone and snaps one for us. Clearly there are no lines but I'm use to extreme attitude if not pretension at this point of the night.We get in, pay a $20 dollar cover (which includes in and out privileges) and enter the main area.There were a couple people by the bar and several groups scattered around. The interior is dark, handsome, and opulent. Art deco homoerotic like paintings grace the walls that add a playful touch. Very Vegas and what I was hoping for. We get an offer for a bottle under $300 and get whisked away to the back by our hot servers. A dark hallway that almost seems hidden appears and we find another room of people and go go dancers raging it up in the back. "Cool, I like this place!" I think to myself. The go go's here are so sweet. They change costumes through out the night, dance like slow sexy cats, and whisper sweet nothings in your ear. It's a major upgrade in style than anything I've seen in the Castro or Weho. The only thing lacking is the crowd, as the venue was only at half capacity. Hopefully a couple good promoters can get this ball rolling and turn this place into the next hottest thing. Liaison is a true gem, a first of it's kind, and I am hoping it will do well and inspire more of the strip to follow.
2	Not impressed with this small cracker box that charges $20 just to walk in the door.  There is no place to sit unless you want bottle service.  Music sucks, DJ has an apple computer doing bizarre remixes.  Drinks are expensive bar staff is friendly but go go boys or whatever they are have way too much attitude.  I've been to many different clubs in San Francisco with little or no cover and a lot more fun for the money.  I'm not sure how long this place will last.
5	Awesome. Michael the manager took care of us. Bottle Service was great. Very attentive staff. DJ was keeping everyone up and dancing. Friendly and fun vibe. I will definetly be back!
1	In line a couple of kids( 25ish) said $20 bucks is good for Vegas.  When the Door guy confirmed $20, I said I can throw that away at Video poker.  When the door guy heard it, my friend and I got two free drink tickets.  We wound up losing $6 on the deal.  The drinks were watery, the space was small, but would have been bigger if not for the dozen or so "VIP" tables that were mostly empty.  Ultimately, it was a tourist trap on the strip.  Even with free drink tickets, you still lose money.  As a tourist, I can say, "Spend our money at penny slots!"  An unworthy place to spend your time and money.
3	After Krave's birth, death, resurrection, death, rebirth, and death once again, I think it's fair to say that the Strip was overdue for a new gay nightclub...That's where Liaison stepped in.Liaison is unique in that it's right in the heart of a major Strip casino -- albeit not the trendiest or the shiniest on the block (Bally's).  But at least the location is nice and central.I dropped by Liaison on Vegas Pride weekend, expecting out-of-control crowds and cover charges.  None of that happened -- when I arrived around 11:30pm, the friendly bouncer just waved me inside, and I didn't pay a dime.The interior is quite lovely.  It has a retro vibe with lots of paintings and detail that's to be expected of a Drai's property.  Bartenders are fast and friendly, and drink prices are pretty average for the area ($10 for a gin and soda).  The music is mostly non-danceable EDM that everybody except me seems to enjoy.There are two main areas (front and back) with a little corridor between them.  When one area is busy, the other one is dead.  Too bad Liaison can't attract enough of a crowd to fill up both spaces.  A half-empty nightclub is good for nobody -- and on Pride weekend, no less?  Yikes.Hopefully with some good promotion and a few months for it to develop a loyal following, Liaison will finally be able to fill the void that Krave left behind.
3	On a thursday night I understand that not everywhere on Las Vegas BLVD will be packed, but it was worse than I expected. It was in a tiny room with (pretentious I know) mediocre men. But I managed to have a fun time dancing with friends and talking to people. But then, the next morning, I check my account and I was charged $80 to get in, when it was supposed to be a $20 cover (should be free for locals but whatever.)  It was obviously a mistake so I called to get it cleared up, but no one answered. Has yet to be cleared up. Very Frustrating.I want to love this club so badly but I'm afraid my one sour experience will ruin it for me.
1	I came with a group of friends for the grand opening hosted by Laverne Cox. Despite being on the VIP list and being told that there would be no cover, we all were made to pay $20 upon entry. Once there, we got in line to meet Laverne. Two of the five friends I was with were let past the bouncer and were permitted to meet her. The rest of us were forcibly shoved out of the line by a second bouncer, who told us we would have to "go around" to a nonexistent second line. Needless to say, we never met her. I will never understand why that bouncer did what he did. Also, the music was terrible and a bottle of water is $8.Will never return.
1	What a disaster.  We went there for their grand re re re opening last night with some friends. (It takes a lot to get a Las Vegas local down to the strip.)  We got through the ID process and were about to pay when some train wreck girl dropped her cup.  Being a nice person I bent down and picked it up to have some wrinkly old man snapping his fingers and making gestures at my friend and I.  Apparently shorts are not appropriate attire for this venue and the wrinkely old man was the owner Victor Drai. (Drais Night Club)  Never again will I go to any of his Las Vegas clubs.  Ive never been treated so poorly.  What an ass.  I dont need to get dressed, drive down to the strip, park my car and walk into a business to be met by some old man snapping his finger at me like a dog!
4	I really hope this club survives.  Vegas needs a gay, upscale bar/lounge and Liaison has the potential.  Yes, it was a little slow when we went, but it was Sunday.  As others have commented, the staff are really accommodating and pleasant.  The decor is dark with a  little kitsch.  PLUS, the bartenders give a very generous pour... seriously, my whiskey was close to a triple for $10!  The entertainment was also good... I'm hoping we just went on an off night.  Oh, and when you text them for the VIP list, they are prompt and very polite.
5	Midnight 9/26/14-First I should start by saying my husband and  were in Vegas  with a group of my closest friends to celebrate with a  Bachelor party for a 2 dude same sex marriage.  I noticed a giant sign on the strip with a Liason advertisement while we were out cruisin and the group got interested. Up to this point we had found NO gay night life. In fact, we stumbled upon two newspaper stands that ate our quarters when we tried to purchase a publication called "Gay Night Life." We decided our party of 12 would give it a shot. We called in advance and were put on a guest list for our special celebration. We arrived at midnight to find a small intimate lounge/club like place situated inside Bally's casino. Upon entering the first thing we noticed was mysterious masked dancing men scattered about atop different perches dancing in their underwear. There was one female dancer but we'll talk about her later. The men that work here have great bodies. As a female part of me is thinking how hot they are, and the other part is wondering if they are waxing or shaving. My point is, all male staff members are very well maintained. The boys are extremely diverse! Each of our grooms have different taste in men, and they were both pleased. The boys switch positions and costumes every 20 minutes or so. If you think something is weird, suck it up and wait cause it's gonna change. In our diverse group of straight men, gay men, and straight woman, our entire group was entertained. My husband was highly entertained by the drag queens which is a Thursday night gig on top of go go boys and girl. The boys picked up on the straight vibes and focused on those of us that wanted their attention. The ladies in our group got wanted attention from gogo boys which was nice but most importantly, they entertained our grooms very well. We told them they were getting married and they paid special attention to them all evening. I would totally go here again. Ok this is the part that I almost left out because I don't want to be that person that's trying to make the gay club straight, but it's not a complaint, but a mere suggestion: The female gogo dancer was  cute but it would have been kinda nice if she were more interactive like the boys. Since I had super hot dudes shaking their booties in my face, as did the rest of our group, I felt bad that my hubby had no eye candy. I think what I am saying is, SHOW US YOUR TITS! Just kidding. Well kind of kidding. Anyway I know that's not what it's about but I have a feeling our group isn't the first or last with diversity among them. Recap: Customer service: ExcellentDrinks: like all clubsFriendliness of boys: ExcellentGive Liaison a chance and don't forget to bring your $1's and $5's because those boys DESERVE them.
5	Went to the grand opening last Saturday. I'm straight but wanted to check out the venue to see what they turned the space into. Very surprised to find a lot of hot girls, good looking guys and a good vibe.  Door staff was courteous. Service staff was nice. Pretty cool place. Def worth checking out.
5	Well-appointed decor as early as the entrance and host desk.  The over-sized exterior doors and ornate hardware are only the beginning.  The host staff and service staff are fantastic.   In town on business, I ventured out two nights in a row this club.  Toshia and her staff went out of their way to make me feel like royalty.  DJ was on, and the pours were generous.  Peter at the bar was sweet and kept the drinks coming.  He was also quick to recommend a splash of St. Germain or another liqueur as an up-sell, and the drinks were really very good.  Easy to get on the guest list if you ask, with the help of Andrew at the door. This club was recommended to me by my driver at the airport on the first day I arrived in Vegas.  I will definitely be back!
5	Not sure why people are writing bad reviews over things out of the clubs control. Going over a few things 1.) the most impressive part of this club is the DJs. I've been here twice and both times every dj playing was spot on. 2) I personally like the dress code. An upscale gay bar on the strip is much needed. 3) I do wish it wasn't in ballys, it's a bit of an annoyance being right in the middle of the chaos of the strip but overall was easy to get to. 4) best advice is to try and get on the guest list. Drinks aren't cheap but this is vegas. Find me a cocktail in a nightclub on the strip under 10 bucks and we can say this place is expensive Keep up the great work!
5	Absolutely the best club in Vegas!! Everyone is really cool, the entertainment is awesomely bizarre. The drinks are great, the staff is amazing, and I had a blast. Good times!!
5	This club was the Britney Spears after party..1. Dj's were awesome 2 rooms (1) EDM music. (2) Hip-Hop-Old school 2. Crowd was great.3. FREE to get in if you stay at the hotel/have your Britney Spears ticket stub.4. We stayed at hotel so it was very convenient & Super close to Planet Hollywood where Britney was.
1	Do not come here. It's a gay bar and they discriminate. The sad thing is you think you can come to a gay bar and have a good night but I decided to wear a hat and they told me that I'm not allowed in with it and when I took it off I walked in to so many guys with a Hat on. I asked security and they informed me that since they are "big shots" they can wear their hat. These fools weren't big shots. I left. Never again. #Imbiggerthanthiswackassclub
4	I really enjoyed myself here. I took my friend here for his 30th and it didn't disappoint. There are two bars from what I can see. Las Vegas is an expensive city so all wells seem to be around $10 and there is a $20 cover. The best thing to do to avoid cover is to make friends with a promoter. Have fun with that. Anyways there are two dance floors. There is plenty of room to dance and its a very mixed crowd. The music is top twenty and I went on the weekend. I drank a lot so I don't remember much. All I know is that I had fun
3	I'm a regular here. However they have some work to do... There are two rooms, but they do not have a large or diverse enough clientele to justify two different music types. The biggest problem with this is that they consistently put the DJ with the most niche music type (rap) in the main room, while relegating the pop music to the small front room. This makes zero sense. They are losing many customers because there is a perception that there is no "gay" sensibility from the owners, when in reality all it would take is a solid DJ with a passion for Top 40 to remedy everything. Make it FUN. Seriously, all it would take is someone to watch the crowd flow patterns. Popular song comes on in the back room, everyone goes and loves it. DJ goes back to rap, everyone leaves to go back up front. Not rocket science, people.On top of all of this, it would help the club tremendously if they booked some C or D list talent to come perform there. Even if it was just a semi-monthly thing. All the cute locals still go to Share, while all the out-of-towners don't visit because they see none of their friends check in there. Some big monthly events would do WONDERS.Anyways, all of this aside,the staff is wonderful. Their GM Michael is AMAZING, as is the door lady Heidi and cocktail server Josh.
4	Naked dancing men wearing duct tape over their privates--my fave! Compared to the other gay-friendly clubs in the vicinity, it's closer (on strip) than Share and nicer than Piranha.  If you manage to get on the guest list, you can get in for free and the line wasn't very long when we arrived. If you're with a group, I highly recommend getting a table with bottle service so you have a place to sit. It's not a huge space compared to the mega clubs, but it's fairly large. The main room has a bar and a dance floor with tables surrounding. The second room was playing hip hop/pop mashups. I'm not a huge fan of mashups, but that's just my own preference. Not a huge deal. I liked the small performances they would have on the stage. The staff was friendly and so was the security, which is kind of refreshing. As far as clientele goes, I'd say that if you go to an off-strip gay club, you're going to see a ratio of 60/40 locals to visitors. I had the sense that Liaison's ratio of visitors was much higher due to the location and vibe. What sells this place for me is definitely the location and newness. I'd imagine the vibe changes each night depending on what's going on, so I'd recommend checking out their site for the most up-to-date info.
1	I just went to Liason last Friday, day after Thanksgiving. There were maybe 20 people in the whole place, which okay it's the day after Thanksgiving, but the rest of Vegas on the strip is PACKED!  I'm older, i.e. 47 so perhaps my review is not holding water since a club is usually for 20 year olds. However, the 20 people that were in the club were close to my age or even older looking.So, what's the issue?  Okay.  I think the "modern DJ" plays "his" music come heck or high water. Meaning, don't read the crowd and play stuff they might want to dance to because it will ruin your reputation as a cutting edge DJ. Hence, only a few people were dancing. My friends and I were just sitting in misery listening to music that was not even danceable to people our age! We wanted Blondie, Bowie, George Michael.Seems old school, but gay people and older gay people in particular I would think like the kind of music I like. They want to DANCE DANCE DANCE!!Instead, everyone was just standing around with no drink in hand since a bottle of Evian is $45 and a bottle of Captain Morgan crummy rum is $390. I kid you not.  Yes, I know, table service, image etc....The club has all the ingredients to cater to young, straight people with loads of money for $30,000 bottles of champaigne.Skip this club if you are in your late 30's or older, want to really dance, drink, etc...there are many other places off the strip.I asked the DJ to play Blondie and he looked like he smelled something awful. No, he did not play it.  It's all about the DJ, not the crowd!!!!
2	The reason it gets two stars is because it's pretty and the staff are fun to look at. The end. There is nowhere to sit unless you have $300+ sitting around for bottle service. The staff won't even look at you twice unless they think you are going to do bottle service. Drinks are over priced even for Vegas. We had a large tour group go which originally was going to perform while there but it feel through which I am glad. But even with all of us there most spending a lot on alcohol they still charged or your bus driver  $8 to get a coke! That's without alcohol! If you want to have just as much fun without the stuck up staff and ridiculous cost go check out Charlied.I'll be doing a review on them.
5	Always a great time! Sexy dancers, beautiful venue, and sexy staff! You never know who you'll see! Coco Montrese, Trenton Ducati, Johna Myers, there's always someone sexy hosting a night.
1	I had high hopes for visiting this club.  After Krave completely collapsed, and Share was a major disappointment, I thought maybe this would be awesome.  But the truth is, this place blows.  The only good thing about it was Andrew, who texted me a lot after I contacted him and was nice and put us on the guest list so we wouldn't have to pay a ridiculous $20 entry (who does this anymore??)  The design of Liaison is mind blowing - and not in the good way.  The place is super small with a tiny dance floor in front and if you WALK THROUGH THE DANCE FLOOR you can pass under the Exit sign (?) and it leads to the larger dance floor in the back.  Don't bother though, no one will be dancing there except the go go boy and girl who are totally into themselves and aren't even all that - because they play god-awful-undanceable EDM crap music in the back.  The tiny dance floor in the front is where they play a strange mix of old R&B/HipHop with some with new HipHop thrown in there... but don't get excited, because it's a mess.  When I was there, there was a really annoying DJ who kept yelling into the microphone every 5 minutes.  There seemed an overabundance of wait staff - pretty much all oddly wearing black vests, which reminded me of when I used to don those in the very early 90's - but unless you are ordering bottle service, won't be friendly or interested in helping you.  In fact, this place seems to only exist to make people buy bottle service.  There's no where to sit unless you do, and all the wait staff seemed only concerned with those who do plunk out ridiculous amounts of money for this service.  I think you'd be basically paying to be tortured. There were only THREE go go boys, and 1 go go girl, on a Saturday night close to NYE.  THREE!!!  And they tried to change outfits and change from the back to the front to the back of the club, but good try guys.. it was pretty obvious it was the same dudes.  In the front of the club, two of them danced.. oddly positioned where you really couldn't tip them, even if you wanted to do so.  You guessed it - they are right near the bottle service booths.  I could go on but why bother... you get the gist.  I sure wish someone would start a cool club with 80's, 90's pop music and House and Deep House, with friendly hot go go boys and a wait staff who just wants everyone to have fun.
