3	So, my eye has been bothering me for months now and i decided to go there to have it checked out again. Yes - Again! I went there when it started first and had it looked at - "Nothing wrong, here are some artificial tear drops." Humm ok. Months later i am still in pain. So, i call and ask for appointment with another Doc. I show up there fashionably 10 min early, check in, put my ass in the chair and wait. And wait. And wait some more, for the total of 40+ min. Aaaaaalright, i had worse waits before. So i go in and some super unpleasant lady asks me some questions and leaves. Then Doc comes in and does whatever they do there. Sure enough there is some other elderly chick there in tow for some reason. Just standing there glaring. Geesh What is up with that?So, anyhow - 3 stars! For the long wait and super unpleasant stuff. Where they found those witches anyhow? "Its alright"
4	Yep--sometimes you end up waiting.  It's worth it, however, for the knowledge and professionalism you get.  And if you're ever the one who has an emergency, you'll sure be willing to have someone else wait a bit.  Get an early appointment; late ones are going to run over--hello.  They've taken care of me through glaucoma and cataracts so far, and my older in-laws are happily seeing them on my recommendation.
4	This is a good ophthalmic office.  They have a variety of specialists here.  Our child had minor surgery a few years ago, and she's doing fine.  My wife and I come here for full checkups of the eyes.  They check everything, as well as do the refraction.  We've been happy with them.  Sometimes you have to wait, but how many doctors are really punctual?This visit I got a glasses check.  Prescription felt weird.  They verified the glasses were ground correctly, and then did another refraction on me.  They tweaked the script a bit (not a lot, but what the heck...may as well get it perfect) and wrote a separate script for computer work.  The cool thing there, she dialed in the calculated value (they calculate from your base script), and then fine-tuned it.  Turns out my computer script was significantly different from what is normally calculated.And all that in a "glasses check".
2	Great business if you like sitting in a chair for hours. I had an eye problem and went to the Ahwatukee office for an afternoon appointment, my kids in tow. After waiting a while, they told me the doc was dealing with an emergency and would be delayed. I completely understood. After a COUPLE HOURS I tried to reschedule and while the staff was very kind, they wouldn't let me reschedule. They kept saying, just a little longer. My kids were hungry for dinner so I said I was leaving, so they hurried me into an exam room and left me there a while longer! I sat there and listened to my doctor in the next room do a whole appointment with another patient. Obviously he wasn't ready for me like the staff said. But finallly, I got the care I needed and it helped. I feel like the doctor really listened to me. So, a few months later, 2 days ago, I went for my follow up at the Tempe office for a MORNING appointment. I got there 15 minutes early, but was not seen by the assistant for at least 1/2 hour after my appointment time. Then I got processed in by the medical assistant, and was put in an exam room. An hour and 5 minutes after my scheduled appointment, I walked out. I told the receptionist my name, and that I was leaving because I had been waiting so long. She just said, "Alright." I was furious; my day off was shot, no apologies, no explanation. I know doctors have emergencies, but that must not have been the case here. I am incensed at the lack of customer service. Each individual person I dealt with at both offices was very nice, but the entire office system at both offices is inconsiderate of my time. I am a consumer and I would not stand for this behavior at a restaurant or a store. I believe they should have told me, on both occasions, "We're running at least 45 minutes late. Would you like to reschedule?" Unless you need one of these physicians for their particular specialty, vote with your feet. Walk away. Unless you really like sitting for hours and being disregarded.
5	I had a HUGE infected sty on my eye that my regular Optometrist couldn't take care of for me, so there I was meeting Dr. Jon Konti. I really don't praise Doctors much but this one is an exception. I found his "bedside" manner to be outmatched by none, he's professional and speaks in a language I get and he answered all my questions without making me feel beneath him for even asking. Oh yeah, and did I mention he even has a sense of humor. He's definitely the only Doctor appointment I don't dread going to and I will be making him my regular eye doctor going forward.
