1	This place is awful.  I bring my fourteen year old daughter along for services once in awhile, and on two occasions here they managed to seat me and skip her for other clients that did not have appointments.  They wont accept a tip from your debit/credit card which is pretty inconvenient if you don't carry cash.  They use a cheap base coat in an unmarked bottle that leaves my polish job looking funky. My mother was a loyal client until she got an infection in her toe after a visit.  I don't like to write bad reviews but this place does not deserve your business.
1	I seriously wish I could not even give one star. This place sucks SO bad! The customer service alone is horrible. They point at you and start yelling at the employees in their native tongue while you sit there waiting...oh! did I mention there was a wait? My feet were "pruny" by the time the girl decided to get to me. I decided to get the luxury pedi for the callus remover because let's face it, I'm on my feet all day and I need it. Terrible job, didn't even smooth it out. The massage was timed which is stupid because the girl doing my feet was too busy helping another girl turn on a machine while she was supposed to be massaging me because it's timed. SO not worth the price. Most expensive in the area and I'm wondering it's because we're next to all the snobs over at AJ's Fine Foods...I was generous to give an 8 dollar tip but I didn't even have time to dry my toes. She sprayed some drying stuff on me and assured me it would be fine. Got home, smudged nail polish...FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! I hate you Nail Depoit of  67th Ave next to snobby AJ's.
4	I've only been to the nail depot once, but I had a great experience.  I went on a Tuesday at 4pm and there was no wait.  They had lots of cute stylish colors and did a great job with the overall pedicure.  The place is reasonably priced, they were friendly, did a great leg/foot massage and a nice paint job.  They also had music playing which I prefer over TVs.
2	Chairs are uncomfortable... The only time they act like they understand  or speak English is when your talking about price & times up for massage.  I liked the cucumber scrub & didn't have to wait long.  Not a bad place to go if in the area but I've been to a lot better.
5	Discovered massage chair at the end of my pedi! No mention from the staff. The woman who helped me had strong hands so massaging was great! This is your chance to catch up on reading and writing, not a place for conversation. I was called 'Miss' which I adored.
5	This place was great. I got a manicure and pedicure. My nail lady's name was Myong? Or Mulan?  One of the two. She was very good at detailing and massaging. My nails came out perfect and clean. One of the other employees conversed with me and than handed me a business card and told me to come back. Very nice of him. I was satisfied with my visit. Nothing went wrong and I left relaxed and looking fab!
4	I  have been to several nail salons.  I keep coming back  here.  Be careful of phone quotes - they might not be true.  Nail Depot keeps their prices the same over the phone and at the salon.  Have never had a problem with pedi or manicure services.  Yes, some technicians have more personality than others - I am more interested in results.  Heading back there today after a problem with my nails from a new salon I tried 2 weeks ago.
2	Pedis are fine here not extraordinary just alright and that's the reason I give 2 stars. I also got a manicure and frankly it is by far the worst manicure I've ever gotten. The woman that was doing my manicure painted each nail and it was like a five year old had painted them. The polish was all over my fingers. Then she proceeded to dip a brush in acetone to remove excess polish on my fingers. I've never had that experience before and hope to never have it again. I do like that they put a new cover in the pedi thing where the water sits. Each new patron that walked in had a new one put it.
