4	Brooklyn Billy's may be hard to find tucked away in a business suite, but if you're craving real pastrami or a specialty club, it's worth it to find the Brooklyn Billy's X on the Las Vegas Sandwich Treasure Map. It's a real hole in the wall, a varied assortment of posters adorn the walls. As far as bringing an East coast taste out West, Brooklyn Billy's does the job better than almost every other sandwich shop in Vegas. Make sure to try the corned beef as it's Billy's pride and joy!
4	How does he make his bread? The desert is dry which spawns wonder bread, but his is perfect, good moisture, flavor, texture. Love it. Ham and Turkey could be a little more premium, but speaking of premium, you can't beat his roast beef or pastrami, best in Las Vegas. Nothing but characters behind the counter, Billy has thoughts, you can tell by the sign at the front door, "free speech zone" in poor handwriting. Lot's of New York flavor inside, prices are appropriate for what you get, maybe fifteen percent more than other deli's. I have all my lunch meetings here, love it!Try the garlic bread Turkado with extra ham, my favorite, and get it Brooklyn Style. Everyone raves about the Rye bread.
4	Great......East Coast.....wait for it......SUB EXPLOSION!!Tonight I've been won over by Brooklyn Billy's excellent subs.  I walked in and felt like I was back in Chicago.  The white floors and counter tops match the white walls, which you can see peering out behind an eclectic mix of posters (Jimi Hendrix, The Big Lebowski, etc...)  A few small tables are available, but the majority of the sub shop is made up of the exposed kitchen.  This is a very reassuring thing; good quality ingredients should be showcased as they're being built into a masterpiece.Billy, yes Brooklyn Billy owns the shop and makes the sandwiches.  He was really friendly and welcoming, as I asked him what he likes.  He told me the roast beef is what Brooklyn Billy's will be known for.  Unfortunately, I couldn't go that route this evening.  Here is what I picked up:The Big Lebowski's Favorite - Turkey, swiss, cole slaw, thousand island dressing, and lettuce all on a PERFECTLY fresh sub.  Since it was named after one of my favorite movie's, I had no choice but to order it.  I have to say, "The dude abides, man."  The bread was so incredibly crisp, it rivaled the crunch of the chopped lettuce with each bite.  The coleslaw wasn't too heavy, and the swiss really complimented the thousand island.  Albacore Tuna Sub - Flavorful without being drowned in mayonnaise, this tuna was perfectly supported by that wonderful bread.  I had it with provolone, lettuce, and yellow mustard.  This sub was balanced and tasty.  I know tuna salad isn't health food, but I didn't feel weighed down after eating it like I might at some other sandwich shops.**Both sandwiches were huge by the way, and about $7.75 each, Yum.Bottom Line:  This East Coast-style sub shop packs serious flavor in it's high quality subs, made from a high quality guy.
4	I saw Brooklyn Billy's on the front page of the local paper "The View" ( I think its called) and decided to check it out. I've been back 2 times since and absolutely love this place. Apparently it used to be closer to where I live and now its further away!!! Oh well, the only thing I can say is if you're into Turkey and Avocado then order the "Turkado" sammy, this thing is the bomb!!! And get it on garlic bread, go for the extra calories.  heheGive this place a try if you can, large sandwich for just the right price. I also added the Hours of Operation to the business info but just in case its not posted when you read this here they are:Mon - Sat: 10am - 9pmSunday: 11am - 5pmBut call just to make sure. ;PCheers!
4	I also learned of this deli from that newspaper, "The View."  I finally made it in today.  I really like restaurants that has the owner actually working it.  Owners tend to take pride in their product and I could tell Billy was damn serious about his subs.  I ordered the Roast Beef Melt with a side of macaroni salad.  The sub was crazy good, lots of juicy roast beef, buttered garlic roll, and mozzarella cheese.  It was packed with roast beef but not falling out of the roll, unlike that other favorite sandwich shop of mine, Capriotti's.  The mac salad was a sweet variety, I prefer the Hawaiian style mac salads which tend to be a bit more savory, like Aloha Kitchen at the California Hotel & Casino.  I really cannot wait to come back here and sample some other subs!-He Said
4	From the looks of the place, they didn't give much thought to the interior. Luckily, there's a lot of passion and care evident in the food. There are only three tables inside (and one small one outside) and the walls are covered with random movie and music posters and a picture of Carrot Top eating there.The sandwich I tried was excellent. It was a roast beef melt with a hefty amount of thinly sliced, quality beef with a rich, peppery flavor that filled a soft roll and was covered in melted cheese. It came with a side -- I chose the macaroni salad -- which was decent, but not that memorable. I ate there a couple weeks ago and can barely remember what it tasted like.The girl behind the register was friendly and was nice enough to walk me through some of the menu items. The owner, Billy, was in the back making the food and like I said before, it's clear that he cares about what he puts out. This place might work it's way into my list of regular lunch spots.
4	I had heard good things about this place and decided to check it out. When I walked in it smelled like a real deli! It wasn't too loud but people were sitting around and enjoying themselves. There were posters on the wall to look at while you wait for you food so I wasn't bored. And any place that sells giant pickles is good in my book ;)I did have one problem, though. And that's why I didn't give this place 5 stars. It seemed like they had had a rough day. I say that because they were having trouble putting our order and another person's order together correctly. They kept mixing up the orders and we had to wait 30 min. to get our food. And when I did get my food home I found out they forgot the oregano :( I crushed up some oregano at home and it was all good. And the sandwich was worth the wait. I haven't had a sandwich that good in a long time!
5	When I was being told about the this sub shop, I was thinking okay it is going to be ordinary and just a sub shop. True, but my rating is for the tuna sub. I asked Billy (the owner) which is his recommendation for bread he told me the wheat. So went ahead and ordered it. He Flame Grilled both sides of sub. I thought this will be different. The bread was sweet, he followed my directions on order to the T. Yes I am very picky. This was by far the best tuna I have had in Vegas(better than Eddie D's tuna sub). My wife started to eat mine, while hers was being made, she ended up giving me half of her roast beef sub (it was good but kept thinking- I want my tuna sub back) so she can keep my other half. I was thinking of ordering another 6in at that point. I am trying to watch my figure so I didn't. I am definitely going back for the tuna! Helpful Hints: He is passionate about politics and don't mention your from out of town or a tourist.
1	First off, Billy and his mommy run this place. Another Brooklyn mama's boy except this one still can't escape his momma 3000 miles away. Then after Billy decided to speak, it was revealed this loser thinks 9/11 was a government conspiracy. I actually had to defend the USA in front Billy as his mommy was shouting, "billy, cmon" Besides that, his food is horrible. The guy can't even afford a sign and he is hanging a bedsheet over his tiny restaurant. Billy can't afford quality meats either because his turkey was turkey roll and my sandwich ended up in the trash soon after. Mom and Pop places work, but mommy and sonny boy places don't.
5	The best subs in Vegas, period.  Nice knowing you capasomething.  The meats are delish, and the owner is fun to talk to.  Try the no sleep till Brooklyn, pastrami, coleslaw, garlic roll & more.  Try it you'll like it.
4	Found this place online, we're out of towners and went to check it out.  service was great and the price was ever better.  the sandwiches were good with medium to high quality meat - the ambiance of the place is really cool, they post the brooklyn time which was a nice touch.  had a great conversation with the owner, some of these reviews have commented on how he can be too political and force his views down your throat but thats TOTALLY wrong.  being opinionated is no crime and he likes to talk about things he cares aboutso, to all you close minded haters, go get yourself a nice sandwich and leave.  to the openminded - grab a seat and shoot the shit with the owner.
2	Considerate service but the sammie lacks the flavor "pow!" of Capriotti's.
4	If you love the food here you should frequent this place more often. When I ate here last night he said that he will be going out of business soon. He couldn't even run the fryer because he said it costs too much. It was a shame because I've tried the onion rings here before and they were really good! He also doesn't accept restaurant.com coupons anymore. He said it was the biggest mistake he ever made and it cost him a lot of money. If you have already purchased one restaurants.com will give you a credit towards another restaurant. Even though he didn't accept the coupon I still ate here because he makes tasty sandwiches! I had a toasted Turkado this sandwich had lettuce, tomato, slices of avocado, turkey and mayo. It is was really yummy ! My husband had the Tuna on toasted bread. I have tasted the tuna sandwich here before and it is one of the best tuna sandwiches I 've tasted. He was running short on a lot of the sides so we had the potato salad. It had a nice creamy texture and the balance of flavors were perfect!
5	go here.food is top quality and i didn't eat anything i didn't enjoy.owner seemed real genuine and concerned that i enjoyed my order.  interesting guy to talk to as well.  seriously, give it a shot and support a local, small business.
5	great food, great guy Billy is, rumors he's moving into Fred's Tavern on South Decatur between harmon and trop, sandwiches were best in town hands down, i think it was the way the restaurant was set up and location always plays a factor, menu looked like a book, great choices, but too much for a common customer to read, i think if he had all the deli meats,cheese, vegetables, condiments all together to everyone to see like subway, port of subs up front by having a simple menu, and have some hot sandwiches, and recommended favorites, better location, it will wipe subway, port of subs, quizno's out the west coast!
