4	i loved this place! the uber chic joint came with thick rimmed glasses and with an old school pepsi cola fridge.bar? cafe? why not both? opened up just 4 months ago and the boozie license only 2 months ago, this place does stay open till 10pm on certain nights. non matching plates with cloth striped napkins, everything was hipster worthy.the small bar area had a counter with slightly rusted red high chairs. the rest of the area were regular table seating with a select few with banquette.  we ordered a hot choco and soy chai latte.  both were served in glass tumblers that were searing hot.  using napkins, we could gingerly clutch our drinks and burn our tongues.i overheard a patron mention that she comes here often for breakfast. the dinner menu looked promising with fried green tomato,  savory tarts and expected entrees like fried chicken and salmon.jonah james had a vintage charm found only in jcrew catalogues and upstate new york b&b'sconnected to jonah james with a white painted gate, norah was the sweet to the savory.complete with marsala chai from "green" origins, old fashioned taffy bars, and pretty soaps you indulged in as gifts., norah is a veritable retro vignette.if i were 12, i would be oohing and aahin with omg, too cute! and there i was oohing and aahing shamelessly.norah was a perfect gift shop for you or a friend for that little something-something that was unique.
3	I'm going to give this an "ok" cause I dont know what else to say...I keep trying to give this place chance after chance in the hopes of being impressed..The first time I had the roast beef sandwich. I was sorely disappointed. I had to add some home-made mayo to make it semi-acceptable.The second time I had their grilled cheese sandwiches... As far as grilled cheese goes, this is by far the best in the city, so props for that.Third time I had the breakfast sandwich. Sad to say, McDonald's has better.Their coffee was ok. Their orange juice is actually quite delicious. It seems to me like the owner couldn't decide whether to open a coffee shop, sandwich shop, and as of recently, a tapas bar. I'll have to go back and see how they do with that.
5	I recently dined on a quiet Wednesday night at this cute bistro with a friend. We were the only ones there and had the most amazing, flavourful meal. I was afraid that the portions would be too small, but they were just right for us (and my friend is usually a big eater). We started off with delicious complementary warm biscuits (2). I tried the soup of the day and my friend tried their famous onion soup. Both were delicious, the mired of flavours just jumping out of the bowl. For our main course, he tried the Beef Bourguignon and I tried the Wild Salmon with mashed potatoes. I tell you this is the first time I can say that the sides were just as wonderful as the main dishes. The meal came to a reasonable $62 with tax (no wine or liquor) and we left with full tummies. HIghly recommend this resto/cafe for dinner. Service was superb by our friendly server Kara. Go, you won't be disappointed. The general store attached to this retro style eatery is also worth a visit.
4	Gave this cafe a second chance and you know what....it redeemed itself in my book. I won't say why I was disappointed the first time because it's all about second chances here. Here's why I revoked my downvote: I can't deny that this place is cozy. To me, it feels like a 50's hobbit hole. It's warmly lit, and there's a connecting kitchen that sits between Norah's vintage shop, so naturally it feels very homey. I ordered the keylime pie and chocolate croissant and both were down right excellent.  The pie was made fresh that day in the cafe which was a plus. With the dessert, I ordered an Americano misto that was smooth and well-rounded.
4	This cute little Westmount cafe and actually convinced me to try Quinoa again, and this time I didn't mind it at all. (All 5 other times I've tried it, I've hated it)Walking into the half basement location, it was unsuspectingly cute! There are about 6 tables or so for customers as well as two counter spaces (4 chairs a piece). The server/host/barista was super friendly and courteous. We came on a Sunday and there are different menus for Mon-Fri vs. Saturday and Sunday. I had a fantastic chai latte (with soy milk), it was aromatically delicious, and the poached egg on quinoa and mixed greens. The dressing was zippy and the egg was poached perfectly. I remained skeptical until the 3rd bite and surprised still at how I didn't not like it!It was pretty busy, with each empty table overturning within minutes, and we stayed for a bit eating, drinking and chatting! Definitely worth coming through!
3	Is it me? I don't know what the heck.I went by Jonah James the other morning while waiting for the nail salon next door to open. I thought, okay. I'll give it another go. I ordered a coffee and some granola and yogurt. What I got was what looked like a granola soup. An over-flowing bowl that no one in their right mind could finish. The explanation was that there were no fruit so the lady gave me more... i don't... more. It was good, that's why I am not really offering a negative review, but honestly, if it IS me, just let me know, I won't bother you again. I promise!I was the only customer in the joint for the most part, except... It also seemed that an owner of the building or the management company or whatever, were having a loud conversation about how they were going to manage some of the tenants currently on the block. Not the cafes fault, but it was distracting and showed a lack of respect for clients of JJ.Oh well. Like I said, it isn't negative and the price of my breakfast was more than reasonable, but darn it, can't I get the great experience other people are talking about?
4	This is a super cute independent cafe/restaurant in Westmount.They've got a yummy menu and the interior is all cute and vintage-y.It's not a destination place but it's great for lunch or a coffee if you're in the neighbourhood.
2	Like the commenter below I was waiting around for the nail place to open and decided to pop in for a coffee and a bite. I ordered a regular coffee and the lady at the counter checks the dispenser and says "I think it's lukewarm" and offered me a latte at the same price. Hmm ok thanks but telling a new customer that you think the coffee is lukewarm rather than just making a fresh pot makes no sense to me. I could understand if it was closing time but it wasn't.I wanted a croissant or muffin. Nothing to choose from, just 1 kind of very plain looking muffins (corn/poppyseed?) and an almond croissant. I ordered the almond croissant, it was nasty. It was crunchy and greasy and oily. Eww. Sorry but this place was a disappointment, I doubt I'll go back.
4	So my first impression wasn't great. I waited at the counter for a while, at first enjoying the adorable decor but rapidly getting antsy at the total lack of service. Finally I peeked my head around the corner to the general store side and saw a young handsome barista type with his feet up, on his cell phone. He jumped up to help me, to his credit, and made me an iced latte. I paid and sipped it walking away before I realized it was sweet. I took it back semi-sheepishly saying I had sort of been hoping for just espresso and milk. Without batting an eye he made me another. Two minutes later I heard another customer order an iced latte and this time I heard him say "the sugar is here if you want to add any." I dug this quick adaptation. The cookie I tried was delicious, the airconditionning is welcome and there are all kinds of cute and tasty things I'd come here to try. Definitely a welcome addition to Westmount.
1	Ooohh such a cute place that looks fantastic but the staff is as cold and pretentious as the menu.
