1	This is by far the worst business in Madison.  The receptionist is not very well trained in customer service, which is one of your primary jobs, in fact you could say that she is the worst person for the job.  Cold transfers after asking if someone is available and getting sent to their voicemail is completely unacceptable.  If they are not available, say so and offer to send me to the persons voicemail.A.M.  is an incompetent property manager, pure and simple.  Makes promises, sounds like he cares, yet never delivers.  Oh and try remembering who your renters are.B.B., what can I say.  The man is a terrible person, he will treat you like scum, swear at you, and overall just bad at his Job.  A trained monkey could do a better job.  If you want to be treated like crap by this man, go ahead and rent here!As far as the property the "Managed" itself, well, let's just say that the foundation had a hole in a coroner that Mice could get through.  Never fixed.  It took over a year to get screens for the window, and months to get replacement blinds, a punch hole in a door was covered up by a door mirror.  The upstairs wiring was not suitable for modern day conveniences like Air Conditioning in two bedrooms in 100 plus degree weather because they ran on the same circuit breaker.   Oh and forget about vacuuming with out tripping that circuit too.  The carpet was worn thin and not even secured in some rooms.  A 7 month wait for a roof repair (water leaking into bedrooms is ever so wonderful), I could go on, the fact is that they never wanted to repair these things because of the cost.    Slumlord, that is what the company is, profit over repairs, profit over comfortable living, profit over a well run business.  I've never encountered a worse company to do business with, nor trust them to keep where I live, bug/rodent free, and comfortable to live in.Do yourself a favor, if you see that the property you intend to rent is managed by this company, RUN!The properties they manage are by far the worst in Madison, do yourself a favor, rent from someone else.The only person who really cared about fixing things at the property was the actual repair man, who got yelled at once for "frivolous" repairs he had made.  That guy was cool and good at his job.
1	Do not use this company to rent your property. I contracted with the Milwaukee division of the company and deeply regret it. After ending the contract two months prior, the management informed me that I had 3 days to pay them 2200.00$ or they would place a lien on the property. They insisted that I had been contacted multiple times for non-payment. When I pushed the subject over several emails by asking that these requests for payment be forwarded to me in case they had been sent to spam, they could not provide the information. Instead, they made up an elaborate lie that I had requested a financial statement (which I never received) be sent to my home, and later admitted there must have been a miscommunication." In fact, the final financial was not emailed to me until the day after they requested the huge payment, and they had no other documentation of attempts to collect monies from me through email or phone.The financial conflict is just the tip of the iceberg, I recently visited my property and started to question the management's work for the entire year. I found that several of the things they charged me for at the beginning of the contract were not done- blinds were not hung, debris in the basement was not removed, etc. Currently, the manager insists that the house is in "great" shape for renting or selling, but this could not be further from the truth. The carpet was destroyed by the tenet, the walls were dirty and needed re-painting, a new door was broken, the kitchen and bathroom sinks were leaking, and the bathrooms were filthy. The property received multiple citations from Neighborhood Services about the lawn. The condition of the home was only "rent ready" if someone is a slumlord, which I am not.These people do not expect the owners to ever return to the property to check on it. Fortunately, I have friends in Milwaukee who kept an eye on and record of the property. Furthermore, the company has refused to send me copies of the invoices for the work they insist was done in the house.  In the final invoice they charged me for the management's gas expenses to and from the property, even though there is already a charge for their services attached to the contract.Again, do not use this company to manage your home or other properties. You may be horrified and ashamed at how they represent your interests and far worse off financially.
1	place is a bad rip off if you own a dog. I was looking at studio apt in lake delton wi if you own a dog thats 50 dollars more so we have 550 know plus want 500 dollars more non refundable deposit for the dog so you are paying 600 dollars more a year for your dog plus the 500 you are not going to get back for deposit you left  The place has some bad reviews and that is what changed my mind stay away frm this place run dont walk
1	Worst. Company. Ever. If you are thinking about renting a property managed by WI Mngmt co, think again. In fact, RUN! It would takes multiple to pages to write about our awful experience renting an apartment with this company, so I will just say do not rent from them or you will regret it. Their customer service is horrible, practically non existent. They do not give a crap about their renters. They can not do anything right or deliver on any promises. I shriek when I hear their name.
