5	You know I have to stop into anyplace that claims it's a factory of milkshakes. Since I have had more milkshakes during my time in Pennsylvania more than I have since 2005, I had to try this one. It was in a quaint little storefront on the South Side right on Carson. When you walk in, you're met with a whole long display of chocolates. Then near the back, is the ice cream. You get a menu and you can have your shakes "thick" or "suck your brains out." I normally would get the latter, but just decided to go for a thick coffee shake. My friend got the cherry. I think they were about $4 each and we sat down and drank our shakes at one of the two tables they had there. It's really reminiscent of old soda shops. Or what I think would be old soda shops, if I were alive at that time. So it's probably not. But it's still really cute.
5	Some of the most wonderful people own this establishment. I met the wife of the fourth generation owner and she was so fantastic! This is one place where the quality of the service is equal to that of the products. Everything is out of this world. We had pretzels, dark chocolate bark, strawberries and a chocolate shake. Pair these things with a silly romantic comedy, some champagne and some of your best friends and you've got a night to remember. Enjoy!!!
5	I came here for a milkshake, but I've purchased some chocolate here before as well...it's good stuff, people need to make sure they stop here to keep them in business!They've got a huuuuuge chocolate selection...not sure about pricing, assuming it's not cheap, but hey, you get what you pay for. The tea 'bar' and milkshake section are in the back; Donna was working while I was there(owner possibly?) and she explained that they make all of their flavorings.  She gave me several suggestions and also told me what she was out of.  I ended up going for a strawberry cheesecake shake, out of the ~40+ combinations that they have listed.  Flavorwise it was excellent; I generally like my shakes a bit thicker, but my fault for not specifying.  It was ~22oz for $3.95.  Stop in next time you're in Southside, you'll like it.
3	A nice local business with good foodstuffs. They have lots of different varieties of milkshake, but I can't justify paying $5 for one. I'd go here more often if they were affordable.
4	The Milkshake Factory is within walking distance of my workplace, so I often come here with a crowd of 10+ people looking for a way to cool down.  I know some establishments might be annoyed by the sudden onslaught of customers, but the staff are always really nice and surprisingly fast at serving us!I've tried a number of the milkshake flavors here, although I usually go with regular Chocolate or Piece of Cake.  Flavors that I can't personally vouch for but are popular with coworkers include Oreo Mint and Strawberry Cheesecake.  They have a Cajun Chocolate flavor with a really spicy aftertaste too -- not for the faint of stomach!!Their chocolate and candy selection is really impressive; every time I go in I marvel over all the different varieties but I've never actually tried them.  One day, perhaps.One final thing: make sure to bring cash with you unless you plan on stocking up on sweets, there's a $10 minimum for debit cards.
4	I was attracted to The Milkshake Factory by its appealing store-front -- though newly remodeled, it is reminiscent of a turn-of-the-century soda fountain; it's an oasis of quaint charm among the  brash bars and restaurants nearby.The milkshake comes in many flavors, though they are pretty traditional. Happily, what they lack in creativity they make up in quality. The freshly-made shake is thick and satisfying. They also sell an assortment of chocolates and truffles by Edward Marc. The price, at about $20 per pound, is not cheap, though not unreasonable for those who fancy themselves "chocolatiers."  The EM chocolates are dainty in size, but the taste is rich and creamy though for me, the presence of salt is too pronounced. I did not uniformly like all the flavor combination (e.g., the cherry cordial is a bit too syrupy and recalls children's cough meds), but the basic chocolate was well made. Bonus: the people who work there are extremely helpful.
4	Nice little place. The milkshakes are great although a little too sweet for my taste. I'd probably ask them to increase the milk. I love pecan turtles and have to try them wherever I go. So, I bought one with my milkshake. A milk chocolate cluster. It was below average (esp if you consider the price)Get a milkshake!
5	Don't walk, run to this place! They have the best milkshakes I have ever had in my life! I highly recommend the blackberry cheesecake milkshake! It is amazing! They also offer sundaes. Here is a list of all the milkshakes they offer: classic chocolate  classic vanilla  chocolate chocolate  strawberry  mint chipper  chocolate mint chipper  vanilla mint  hot fudge  toasted almond fudge  brownie bites  pistachio  strawberry cheesecake  blueberry cheesecake  cookie dough  cookie dough fudge  butter pecan  butterscotch  root beer  moose tracks  cherry whitehouse  cherry  black forest cherry  chocolate raspberry truffle  chocolate strawberry  red raspberry  black raspberry  banana  strawberry banana  chocolate banana   mango  pina colada  pineapple  lemon  blueberry  creamsicle  dark chocolate blueberry  cajun chocolate  bear claw  peanut butter  chocolate peanut butter  peanut butter fudge  oreo  chocolate oreo  oreo mint  dulce de leche  cinnamon  chocolate cinnamon  coffee  mocha java  fudge java  toffee coffee  java chip  toasted almond fudge java  inspirationI will be trying them all!  It's funny how they have the original Willy Wonka movie playing as you walk in. They have tons of chocolate including the biggest turtles I have ever seen! Make sure to sign up for the free Sweet Rewards card. It will get you free chocolate and milkshakes.
5	Thank god The Milk Shake Factory is not within walking distance of my place otherwise I'd be one chubby lady.Classy milkshakes.  Sure, you pay about $1.50 more than you would at Steak 'n Shake but at least you don't get a sickly fat feeling after finishing.  Also, this place has, by far, the largest selection of milkshakes to choose from.I think the size of the shakes has gone down a little compared to the size before the store got renovated.  And I think the "Suck Yer Brains Out" option is gone?  Alas, I won't ding them on this because the renovated store looks excellent, a lot like a soda fountain of a bygone era with flat panel TV showing Charlie & the Chocolate Factory, and the girls working the counter were friendly and competent.
4	I've walked by this place every time i've been to Pittsburgh for the past 4 years and I FINALLY went in last night when we were all craving some ice cream after dinner.When you walk in, everything is immaculate and there's a wall of chocolates to buy in decorative little boxes. I thought that my wallet was about to be in for something bad. But I was pleasantly surprised. I managed to walk away with a hefty serving in a waffle cone for only $3 and some change. Their other things, like prepackaged candy etc, was a little more pricey.They don't have a huge selection of ice cream, but a pretty good size one. I waited to see how big the single scoop my friend was getting was going to be before I decided and it was pretty darn huge. I got moose tracks and it was pretty delicious. They also have quite an extensive list of milkshakes and I wanted to try almost all of them. The employees were really nice and fast. There is also seating inside this cool air conditioned place. Definitely a nice classy ice cream parlor to spend a hot summer night.They also sell candy and cookies that looked beyond yummy.
5	I had an awesome root beer float with chocolate ice cream here. They also have lots of fancy chocolates and seating both indoors and out. Will definitely return for more!
5	WOW - this place is serious about their milkshakes and sundaes!When you walk in there are chocolates everywhere and they are pricey.  I got G 3 coconut haystacks and 3 terrapins (AKA Turtles in Texas!) and it was 9$!!I hope they survive the flight back home, I almost feel like they should have their own flight at that price.  My friends each got a milkshake in one of the many designer flavors (like delectable mint and  chocolate cookie or PB&J).  The milkshakes were 4.2$ each, with tax.  I think the espresso ones were more if you added a shot of espresso.  The shakes were H U G E and did take about 5 minutes to make, but seemed to be worth the wait.I had a Vanilla Salt Sundae (5.3$) which was also enormous.  I had a very unique flavor that was just amazing.  Should I ever find myself in Pittsburgh again with time to spare i'll head here!!
5	The Mikeshake Factory has a happy hour every Wednesday from 4 to 6pm. All milkshakes are half off!
5	After a nice dinner at Cafe du Jour, the gf and I slipped in here right before they closed for a milkshake. Well, they were out of milk (grrr, but it was literally like 9:55), and the girl behind the counter had just a touch of customer-right-before-closing 'tude. After we got our kinda pricey strawberry sundae, though, those things didn't bother me.The sundae was delicious--the ice cream was excellent, the chocolate syrup was tasty, and the truffle that came on top was probably the best I've ever had. Next time, I just hope they have some milk...
5	AMAZING TREATS! Pricey..but amazing! :)
5	OMG!!!! OMG!!! OMG!!!!! If I could marry an inanimate object, I would be on my honeymoon with this place!!!! What a fantastic shop!!!! Like some others have said before, the place smells of chocolate, only because they make it on site right there in the store. YUMMY!!!! I tried the lemon pound cake shake, it was heavenly!!!!! They have over 50 flavors of milkshakes to choose from , so they are bound to have something you like. The prices are reasonable, the service is awesome, and the decor of store is typical of a chocolate/ice cream parlor, but look up at the ceiling and you will see a type of decor that is very rare nowadays and i love the red color of it as well. I highly recommend this place to anyone who has a sweet tooth and is in the south-side works area, you will not be disappointed.
5	I ordered pizza at a Carson street shop and had 15 minutes to kill so I went for a walk.  I spied the milkshake factory and was immediately drawn it.   I have been craving a vanilla milkshake for months but have not gotten around to buying one.  JACKPOT!!!! I think of this place as a candy shop....the whole front is impeccably packaged/displayed chocolate.  I pushed past that delisciosity and landed at the ice cream parlor, ordered avamilla shake and waited (with my tounge hanging out!)It was the BEST shake I have aver had!   Nothing like an "icecream store" shake!  It was rich, full of vanilla, cream, cold, and just the right amount.  Cost $4 but was worth every penny!How am I now going to be able to stay away?    I'm not!
4	I'm semi-lactarded but I have a special place in my heart for milkshakes (probably because they really should be a forbidden fruit, being a double whammy of dairy, milk AND ice cream). So when it came time to celebrate finishing grad school, I wanted to come here. The Chocolate Mint Chipper milkshake didn't disappoint, though I think I liked my friend's Dark Chocolate Blueberry even more. I would have liked the shakes a wee bit thicker, however.Sit down at one of the tables and enjoy your shake. The store feels like a fancy ice cream parlor--a chocolate-scented parlor, as the front of the store sells chocolates, both in prepackaged boxes and individually. And if you are lactose sensitive, be wiser than me and bring Lactaid tablets with you! (Still, I don't regret that shake.)
3	Great chocolate selection. Large selection of milk shakes and various ice cream treats. Milk shakes are not super thick, which is a plus in my book, but may put some people off.  Parking in this area is a total NIGHTMARE. Finally, there is a $10 minimum on credit card purchases which is less than 2 milk shakes. To fix the problem, we selected a few of the many candies available. This is probably a savvy trick to force customers to purchase more than just shakes, but it all worked out because the candies were great.
4	It is so dangerous to live one block from a chocolatier-cum-ice cream parlor. Every time I walk by The Milk Shake Factory I just want to stick my head in the door, inhale, and get drunk on the overpowering scent of chocolate!Not only does this place smell amazing, it looks fantastic too. The candy apple red pressed tin ceiling and huge, gilt-framed mirrors evoke an old-fashioned soda fountain. Cinema classics like Breakfast At Tiffany's and My Fair Lady play on the flat screen TV, and the vast sea of handmade chocolates on the counter will make your eyes positively goggle out of your head. I've never had a bad thing to eat at The Milk Shake Factory, but I particularly recommend the sea salt caramels, and any milkshake you can get your hands on; they're all divine. My only qualm with this place is that they do NOT serve homemade ice cream, it is delivered from off-site. I learned this only recently when I popped by with an out of town guest on one of the first warm Saturdays of spring. Nearly every flavor of ice cream was sold out, and the girl behind the counter informed me that stock would not be replenished until the following Tuesday. Naturally I was shocked because I had always assumed that an employee could just pop in the back and whip up some more. Despite this disappointing discovery, the ice cream tastes delicious, and The Milk Shake Factory is the best place for sweets in Pittsburgh!
4	Wow. The milkshakes here are awe-inspiring, and I think that's because the ice cream is just really, really good. In fact, I think that on my next visit, I'm going to try a sundae instead of a milkshake because they sound so good. The ice cream tastes fresh, and the flavors explode in your mouth. I know that sounds odd... but really, this is some good stuff! I had the "flavor of the week" which was lemon pound cake, and it was just amazingly lemony, with little pieces of cake. Keep in mind that these milkshakes are handmade in front of you, at the soda fountain, with milk and ice cream. They aren't superthick, like fast food shakes that are made with a frozen mix. They are a little bit more liquidy than that, and easier to get through a straw. Anyway, check this place out. Oh, and Wednesday nights from 4-6pm is Milkshake Happy Hour-- half off! It doesn't get much better than that. See you there!
4	Ohhh, Milk Shake Factory. The love of my life and the bane of my existence.Pros:The milkshakes here are AMAZING. I mean, AMAZING. You'll be hard-pressed to find a better one elsewhere, seriously. What's even better is the fact that you can customize your shake too. For example, if you want a PB&J milkshake, you can order the peanut butter shake with an added scoop of raspberry (or whatever "jam" floats your boat) ice cream. Bam! Sandwich in a cup!Better yet, they have TONS of great chocolates for mad cheap off to the side for you to peruse over while you wait for said shake to be made (if you're like me, "peruse" really means "buy" in this situation). The chocolates are sold by weight, so they're absurdly cheap in comparison to Godiva - we're talking a quarter of the price here. I come here routinely for the chocolates and shakes, which are half off on Wednesday afternoons during Milkshake Happy Hour.Cons:Too many damn youngsters running around up in here! This is annoying because a) the line is always a mile long, b) the clientele seems perma-perturbed (most likely due to this), and c) when are teenagers NOT annoying?
5	Great selection! Great ice cream!
4	As we were waiting for a table at Fat Heads for wing night my fiance and I were walking around and he spotted the Milk Shake Factory. I conveniently did not mention the fact that it was so close to him, but the minute he saw it he new exactly where we were going after he got his fill of wings. What we ordered: Red Velvet Milkshake (stellar!  This had a good consistency and tasted great!)Pecan-Caramel Terrapin (Description Borrowed From the Website) Chocolate and vanilla ice cream with caramel and hot fudge topped with mammoth pecans and finished with whipped cream and an Edward Marc Pecan-Caramel Terrapin. (The night we went they were close to closing time and they were out of the pecans, but they did sub in almonds after asking if it was alright.  I ended up fishing out the almonds because they didn't work texturally, but the quality of the ice cream and the toppings definitely made up for it, and the Edward Marc Pecan-Caramel Terrapin was amazing!)Overall for the quality I thought the prices were decent if not a little high, but I would definitely come back to try some other things on the menu!
4	Tasty!
5	OH MY I love this place.  My mother and I discovered this place on one of our days out together, and we instantly feel in love.  Their desserts here are all delicious.  They not only have Milkshakes, but also sundaes, treats, and a whole counter full of chocolates and treats.  So far, I have gotten to try their Peanut butter sundae, the PB&J milkshake, and some of their wide array of chocolates.  The sundae was delicious.  It was loaded with Peanut buttery goodness.  Also, the other night when I went and ordered the PB&J shake, the girl working suggested me putting in bananas to make it even better.  He suggestion was amazing.  Seriously, this place is a must go to if you are down in the South Side.  Screw cheesecake from that cheesecake franchise.  Come here and get a homemade milkshake or sundae.
5	heeelllooooo chocolate chili milkshake!dulishus.
4	All I have to say is YUMMMM!!
5	Delicioso! I was walking along East Carson the other day after going to Judit European Spa and came across the Milk Shake Factory.  I was in the mood for a sweet treat so stopped in and decided to order the seasonal shake...I can't really remember the name, something Spooky - but it was essentially a pumpkin shake with some chocolate drizzled goodness with a ghost marshmallow (Peeps) on top.Let me tell you - it totally hit the spot!  Not only for my sweet tooth but for my Autumn tastebuds that have been craving pumpkins and apples.  It was the perfect consistency for a shake, not too thick where I could'nt get it through the straw but not watery where I felt like I was drinking flavored milk.  I will definitely be back again b/c they have so many choices of shakes.  The chocolates looked great even though I didn't try any of them.  The ice creams alone looked heavenly!
2	As a birthday treat I decided to take myself down to the South Side and on my way home I thought I'd get myself a little treat. I thought a milkshake sounded wonderful so I went to The Milkshake Factory to do just that.In theory I really like the place. I love the bar aspect of how the chocolates are set up. I like the lighting and the seating. I like how they are always playing, Willie Wonka every time I'm in there looking around. In general I do like it.This is solely based off of the milkshake experience which I felt was very under par. They have a vast listing of milkshakes to choose from. I will say I was VERY annoyed when the girl asked me what I wanted and when I responded that I wasn't sure she offered no assistance, but whatever. I ordered a chocolate chocolate milkshake. So exciting, right? It came to $4.82 for I believe what looked like a 16oz cup. Kind of expensive, but again, whatever I wanted it. It wasn't a hidden cost so I paid and left.The milkshake tasted very thin as if it had been blended for too long. It almost borderline tasted foamy. I mean it was chocolate so I liked that although I tasted no difference from regular chocolate ice cream. I don't like my milkshakes to pull fillings or anything but this tasted like shaken up chocolate milk.I would potentially go back to try their actual chocolates or maybe another dessert but I'll go elsewhere for my milkshakes because these ones are not bringing all the boys to the yard.
2	I love this place very much, and for that reason, I am very sad that I had to post a negative update review.  This review is coming because of the attitude my friend and I received when we walked into this place at 9:45 on a Saturday night.  I was so excited when I saw that the place was still open, and we had 15 more minutes to enjoy some dessert, but the staff was not so happy.  I was planning to bring my friend who had never been to Pittsburgh to get dessert here, so it was a drag that the staff was in such a sore mood that we came in so late.All of the girls were cleaning up the counters as we walked up to order.  The one asked put the hot fudge away into the fridge before we even decided what we wanted.  I tried making some friendly conversation about the menu with the staff, but they really did not seem to care.  Finally, the girl was asking me for my money before I had even decided if I wanted any chocolates or not to go with my milkshake.  My family and I usually always come here when we are in the area late at night, but from now on we might have to go somewhere else.  Lose the attitude; you work in one of the most "late-night" areas in Pittsburgh, so do not get upset when customers come in and want some dessert.  Put a smile on your face and make my damn milkshake.  Thanks
4	Stopped here after a dinner at Nakama.  It's just across the street.  When you enter the store you pass a lot of chocolates.  They probably have every type you can think of.  In the back of the store is the ice cream counter.  They have about 16 different ice creams that they can turn into many different ice cream treats or milkshakes.  Their milkshake board has about 75 different ones, but you can make your own.  They mix oreos, coconut, peanut butter, nuts, chips and liquids into the milk shake to get the right combination.  For example you can get a Pina Colada or toasted almond milkshake.  It's $4.50 for a 16oz milkshake which is reasonable.  Not sure why so many people think it is expensive (maybe compared to Dairy Queen or a fast food place).  You can get a Blueberry one with vanilla and blueberry syrup or Blueberry cheesecake ice cream.  They have a loyalty program that gives you 5% back on your purchases.
3	Milkshakes are one of my favorite things, but I'm a vanilla shake kinda guy. On top of the fact that I simply love vanilla shakes, ordering vanilla everywhere I go is a great way to compare places.Unfortunately, I've only ordered 3 milkshakes of my own from The Milk Shake Factory after nearly six years of living in Pittsburgh. Why? Well, because the vanilla shakes just aren't that good. I've tried other peoples' shakes from there and they're usually pretty good, so I guess I should just start mixing it up more, but overall, I'm hesitant to give them another try. We actually walked in the other night to get one, but I left when I saw the line and my exact words were, "their shakes just aren't worth the wait." Side note...their in-store Easter displays are actually really cool. Which leads me to the one positive:The chocolate.That's good stuff, but the quality comes at a price. In fact, The Milk Shake Factory is expensive in every aspect, but unlike the shakes, the price for the chocolate is slightly more justifiable.The other thing that affects my rating is the service. A lot of the people who work there are a little younger, so maybe that's the problem, but I've often felt like we were almost a bother to them. They need to understand that a lot of the people who walk in aren't necessarily regulars who know exactly what they want, and when someone is looking at that milkshake or ice cream flavor menu, it's a little daunting...especially with a long line of people behind you. There's simply no need for the arrogant attitude...especially when they can't even make a decent vanilla milkshake!
4	Duh, I'm a sucker, I fell in love at first sight (the sandwich board displaying milk shake happy hour), I wait in line with all of the kids, I'm there every Wednesday, blah, blah, blah. But seriously: try combining the Irish cream flavour with birthday cake ice cream. Oh. My. Word.
4	You know a wise old lady once said that a milkshake could bring the boys to the yard, but I have to differ with her when she said hers was better.  The Milk Shake Factory must of heard this and thought it was a challenge and not only excepted the challenge, but put her in her place.To choose a milkshake here is mind boggling.  I mean I felt like a kid in a candy store (I could have been with all the chocolaty goodness everywhere).  My mind started to race and I just couldn't decide which one I wanted more.  I felt like I was on a game show like 'Who Wants to be a Milkshake' and when I decided it was my final answer.Opting for the cookie dough fudge was definitely my millionaire decision.  Once that concoction hit my tongue, euphoric is all I can say.  If you pass this place up, there are no life lines in the world that can save you.
3	I would have given this place 5 stars, but they have changed the salted caramel milkshake make-up.  It was almost syrupy which it never was before and not so salty as just sickly sweet.  J had the mocha java which was great, but they didn't ask if he wanted whip cream - which they did on mine.  The workers tend to be a little annoyed when there is a line which is disappointing.The chocolates on the other hand are amazing.  The salted caramels are ridiculous and the lemon creams are out of this world.  The chocolate covered strawberries are well-worth the money.
5	After eating a late lunch, I started walking up E. Carson Street and saw the sign "The Milk Shake Factory." Immediately intrigued, I looked through the window and saw a display case full of chocolate candies. After attempting to repair the door I completely ripped off the hinges, I walked to the back counter where all the good stuff happens...milkshakes, sundaes, cones, etc. My eyes raced over the menu of selections as my brain trying to decide which tasty concoction to order. Luckily, I had had a little time to decide as the couple in front of me faced the same dilemma.Eventually I decided on a Pecan-Caramel Terrapin, consisting of three scoops of ice cream (two chocolate, one coffee) topped with pecans, hot fudge, caramel, whipped cream and a piece of their candy. It looked absolutely wonderful and I had to to take a picture of it before I dove in. I can't describe how good it was, especially for someone like me with one of the biggest sweet-tooths around. However, as hard as I tried, I could not finish the whole thing. It was just too much of a good thing. I don't even want to know how many calories, grams of sugar and fat I ingested, but I really don't care.
5	Immediately upon walking into The Milk Shake Factory I had a dumb smile on my face, the giggles, and felt like I was going to cry all at once! A sign of good things to come! This place is perfect...I am a vanilla milkshake connoisseur and The Milk Shake Factory has been on my list for quite some time. I've been on the lookout for a place that feels like an ice cream shoppe (yes, a shop with a -pe). Today was the day! My ice cream addicted friend & I arrived and were overwhelmed by the scent of chocolate in the air & menu board of deliciousness (this is when the tears of joy appeared, but we kept it together...)The milkshake list was lengthy but basic. It was only when the friendly girl behind the counter started suggesting combinations of ice creams, toppings, & syrups did we realize the potential of our future milkshakes. A sundae called Vanilla Salt Caramel caught my eye. "Could that be a milkshake?," I asked. Of course! And she blended together a combo of vanilla ice cream, salted caramel, & a little chocolate, topped with whipped cream, more caramel, and a sprinkle of salt (which was weird and addicting at the same time). My friend ordered the Bear Claw which was chocolate ice cream, hot fudge, caramel, and almonds. Super rich and super awesome. I'm already imagining my future shakes. Red Velvet with Oreos! Pistachio! Root Beer Float! It's going to take all of my willpower to not go back tomorrow. Just go. Yum.
4	Wow, nice chocolate smell as you step in the door.Front of store has lots of candies and treats.Love the old soda fountain bar in the back; nice decor.Flavor combinations of 55 milkshakes, now that is the way to do it!Pina colada shake was rich and tasty.  A little fluffy and airy texture.  Prefer shakes thicker but it was still goooooood!
5	I love the Milkshake Factory.  I am a huge fan of hard icecream and this satisfied everyone.  I got mint chocolate chip ice cream on a sugar cone, my boyfriend got a vanilla milkshake, my oldest daughter got chocolate covered strawberries, and my youngest daughter got a chocolate guitar and football.  Everything was great, including the service.  We even ran into James Harrison from the Steelers.  Hope that knee is feeling better.
3	Liquid dessert! My friend really have problem to pick 1 out of the 55 different milkshakes combinations! Ended up sadly she picked Chocolate Blueberry, not the most interesting of all.. but the texture of the milkshake is surprisingly light but though really sweet!The Milk Shake Factory does get really busy... lines forming on a Tuesday late evening?! But still plenty of seating if you do prefer to stay in!
5	I have been frequenting the Milkshake Factory for almost the past 3 years, and have had an array of different milkshake flavors from salted watermelon (made with sherbet) to my stand-by fave chocolate banana (made with real bananas).  I like to go in on Wednesdays for their Milkshake happy hour - 1/2 off milkshakes, or as we like to call it "Buy one get one free".  Just make sure you get there early for that, or you'll be stuck in line for awhile.  I've also had their chocolate, and I must say - it's some good stuff.  It is a tad on the pricey side (mine was a christmas gift), but definitely yummy.  I absolutely love this place.
3	The Milk Shake Factory is a cute ice cream shop on Carson. They offer a large variety of milkshakes and ice cream. I had the piece of cake ice cream in a waffle cone. One scoop was more than enough, and the price wasn't bad. The ice cream was okay, not the greatest, but not bad. If I have to choose b/w The Milkshake Factory and Coldstone, it is definitely Coldstone!!!
1	They call themselves "The Milk Shake Factory"? Far from it... haven't been back to the area since graduating from college, I was excited to see new businesses opening up. I must say I am a fan of medium thick milkshakes. In trying new places, my theory is to always keep an open mind and not compare to any other places. My bf and I are huge fans of pistachio milkshakes from Bobby Burger Place and Franklin fountain in Philly, so we thought we would try it here. Very disappointing... the shake was literally the same as drinking milk. I even mentioned to the clerk it was watery and asked the clerk to add another scoop of ice cream no difference. We believe this had to do with poor ice cream quality and overall lack of milk shake knowledge.Better off getting a milk shake from McDonalds.
5	Pumpkin spice mocha milkshake is awesome (as is everything here).
2	This place smells like chocolate, is filled with bon bons, and has a high red tin ceiling. Its less factory and more commercial.I picked the Inspiration shakes and made my own with three scoops for $5; peppermint stick, black raspberry chip, and coffee. Sounds terrible, was actually awesome.The girl that was helping us was the only one on the clock and it was slow but ya gotta have sympathy for the only milkshake mistress.For a place that calls itself the Milkshake Factory, the milkshakes should have had a thicker consistency. I'll go elsewhere for a better shake.
4	Another Pittsburgh location that serves Perry's Ice Cream!  If you haven't tried Perry's, you must.  They have a lot of original flavors and each is packed with great taste.  I have to admit, I am biased since Perry's is a Buffalo area based company, but everyone who has ever tried Perry's has agreed with me.The fun twist here is that you can try you favorite Perry's flavors as a milkshake!  How can you go wrong with a Red Velvet shake?!  It was heavenly.  I also ordered an egg nog shake for my fiance.  It was also very tasty, but didn't quite taste like egg nog.  The interior was clean and bright and the set up reminded me of a retro ice cream shop.  I did find the chocolate and candy to be a bit pricey.  It was $8 for a candy apple and certain pieces were as high as $4 each.  I'm sure it was fantastic, but that seemed a bit steep to me.Overall, an enjoyable experience and I look forward to a return visit.
5	7 years I have driven past this place saying we should stop there and finally tonight, we stopped.What was I waiting for? It was all that and a bag of chips. I had the peanut butter fudge milkshake creamy good but not overwhelming peanut butter.I am sure the shake was 700 calories and inwontnhave one again until summer but wow, all good.
4	We went here after a less desirable dinner nearby,  Thankfully, the Milkshake Factory did not disappoint. Although on the expensive side, it is well worth it.  The family ordered a Carrot Cake shake and Chocolate Banana shake! Great choices! The menu is deep and the rest of the store is overwhelming! Definitely recommend!
4	I don't believe I've reviewed here yet sadly. I must have forgot! We tried the milkshakes for the first time since we loved the chocolate candies & ice cream (the "piece of cake" ice cream is fabbb!) After carefully looking over the many many options for milkshakes,  I decided on the chocolate banana. I was surprised (& HAPPY) that real bananas were used because I expected a syrup. I was so happy to taste chunks of bananas mixed in delicious chocolate put into a milkshake. my boyfriend ordered the piece of cake milkshake which was delicious (very sweet & filling) we enjoyed sharing our delicious shakes!
5	I walk in and feel like I gain 10lbs... but I'm ok with it :)  With the aroma of chocolate and the sound of blenders in the air, this is a sweet spot in the heart of SouthSide.  Whether you're in the mood for creamy chocolaty delights from Edward Marc Chocolatier or you'd prefer an indulgent treat in the form of a milkshake, next time you're in SouthSide, stop in for a treat.
4	My oh my, it is mightly dangerous to have this place within walking distance from my workplace.  I stumbled accross this place one day after walking to lunch on Carson St.  What drew me in was the Edward Marc chocolates, which are remarkably delicious. They have containers of seconds, the not-so-beautiful pieces that get dinged up during transport.  They package these bruised chocolates and sell them at a discount, but they are just as scrumptious as the ones on the counter.  Then some colleagues told me about the milkshake happy hour every Wednesday.  So I tried to ice cream.  OMG, it is outstanding!  They also have a traditional soda fountain where they make egg creams and floats and spritzers.  Its a very cool place.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they have a limited number of ice cream flavors.  But they are all very delicious.  They have a red velvet ice cream that will blow your mind.  Perfect for a hot summer day.
5	Loved everything about this place. The workers were friendly, the place looks awesome and best of all the Coffee Toffee milkshake was delicious.
5	Best milkshakes, sundaes and chocolate in pittsburgh. Very cute 50's ice cream palor decor. But swanky and modern. Usually have Breakfast at Tiffany's or Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory playing on the flat screen to add to the fun atmosphere. The cute nice girls behind the counter are helpful and are skilled at making tasty sweet treats. It is a bit confusing where to order and where the line starts and ends when it is busy there. If you are ordering ice cream, get in that line first then pay at the register and your ice cream will be ready shortly after. If you just want a delicious piece of chocolate, you can proceed directly to the register to order and pay. The  vanilla salt Carmel Sundae is to die for. So delicious. Happy hour milkshakes on Wednesdays from 4-6pm. A must go. They have a monthly featured flavor that is usually seasonally inspired. The spiced pumpkin in the fall and ballpark crunch in the summer. They are all delicious. Ask for a sample if you want to try a bit. Must try chocolates: Vanilla salt carmelBaby cakeS'moresPeanut bark
4	Did I really live in the South Side and never get a milkshake from the Milk Shake Factory?  Yes, sadly it's true.  I've ventured inside a few times during the South Side Soup Contest but never ordered anything.  I don't know how it's possible even as I'm telling you.Maybe I was afraid.  Afraid of the overwhelming options.  How can I walk in here and simply order a chocolate shake?  After several minutes of debate, trying a few ice cream samples and holding up the line, I went with the toasted almond fudge java.This was an excellent choice if I do say so myself.  And the shakers were so very nice and obliged my many questions and requests.  I did not try any of the chocolate creations as they were a little pricey.  Let's just say it's probably a good thing I never went in here when I lived walking distance away.
5	Positively the best vanilla milkshake ever! I love that you can mix any of the flavors they have and drink what you love. As soon as you walk in the door the aroma of chocolate is everywhere!! Right in front of me stands a chocolate buffet of heaven. I could not leave without taking home a bag of dark almond bark and some huge caramel pecan turtles. This place is spotless and very nostalgic. I can wait to return. A must visit while in Pittsburgh!!
5	Milkshakes here are awesome! The chocolates are delicious as well, especially the salted caramels. Try the Red Velvet ice cream.
4	Quaint place with sweet treats! I bought some tasty chocolates to take home, but the best part were the shakes. They have a TON of recommended shakes on the menu, but you can get any flavor of ice cream shake you want. It's a great place to hang for a bit and people watch as people walk buy on the South Side. Enjoy!
4	Stopped in for a shake after dinner as suggested by a friend.  Great ambiance and decor.  Realizing how small boutiques or hipster shops miss mark, I was pleasantly surprised by this store..  From the enticing smell when you walk in to the friendly staff, this place hits the mark.  Decor is nice and classy, I wouldn't call it "retro malt shop".  Effective color choices and decorations, glad they did not go with checkered floor, red vinyl booths, and chubby checker playing on retro juke box.Shakes were awesome and obviously homemade.  Staff was helpful / patient and even convinced me to try a shake with real bacon bits in it! Yummy!Worth your time to stop by after dinner for a treat !
4	They have good collection of chocolates. The shakes and sundaes are very tasty
5	Great selection, surprisingly reasonable prices for the quality and amount of food you receive. Attentive and knowledgable staff.  Most sundaes come with whipped cream, chocolate curls, and what apparently is the chocolatiers piece of chocolate that the sundae was designed after. Lots of flavor milkshakes.
3	Last night I went with some friends and my husband to the Milkshake Factory in the south side. The servers were very friendly and open to helping us since it was our first time there. I was underwhelmed by the shakes, though. I was expecting more after all the hype I heard about this place but really I've had better milkshakes elsewhere. I had a chocolate peanut butter milkshake and my husband had a frozen hot chocolate. There were ice crystals in the cream and it didn't offer a particularly complex flavor. The shop does offer an awesome variety of candies and confections, which I definitely recommend. I wish I had come looking for something more like that because I wouldn't have been disappointed. I tried a truffle and my husband had chocolate covered bacon. Both were very decadent.Even sadder, was that there also wasn't a lot of room to sit and hang out -- the place fills up quickly (and we were there on a Thursday night). Overall I recommend it if you're already in the south side... Otherwise it may not be worth a special trip.
5	We had a wonderful experience here. The staff was so friendly and whipped up our amazing milkshakes in a flash. I loved my toffee coffee shake. Highly recommend the Milk Shake Factory
4	So much fun!  I couldn't believe the huge variety of milk shakes they featured.  Rebel that I am, I opted for a root beer float instead.  Ice cream was delicious and it was made with IBC rootbeer.  On the way out, I succumbed to the call of the chocolate covered bacon.  It was somehow sweet, salty, and smokey all at once.  Not something I would eat every day, but worth a try just for the experience.
5	I'm so happy I found this place 5 years ago at freshman orientation. It's always a special treat to myself to get a milkshake or even a chocolate covered pretzel. My friend and I tried to have every milkshake flavor on the board, but since there's at least 45 of them we are way behind. My favorite, chocolate and peanut butter with banana's.
5	I am never disappointed when visiting the Milkshake Factory. I have never gotten the chocolate sold here, but i can vouch for the awesomeness of the milkshakes. You can make almost any flavor imaginable. However, I suggest you get a milkshake without large chunks because it is hard to drink through a straw. My favorite is the peanut butter/chocolate/banana milkshake.
4	This place is a dream shop for both children and adults. You have a gourmet chocolate counter when you first walk in the store. As you go in deeper you see shelves and buckets of all sorts of candy. Finally you get into the end where the whole back right side is dedicated to ice cream and milk shakes.Unfortunately, I hate milk shakes but the ice cream is delicious. Good texture and a decent amount of flavors to choose from. I didn't try it myself, but my friend said the cake ice cream was amazing. Lines get kind of crowded, but turnover is fast. They are also right next to Cambodi-can. Perfect combination. Perfect dessert after a nice Cambodian dinner.
5	Enlightening and delicious. Veruca, Princess and I decided that after a delicious meal of fish &chips, a milkshake would be the perfect finish to our evening so of course we headed toward The Milkshake Factory. Looking through the window, the line looked pretty long, but out of pity for Princess, we decided to go in. As we were waiting, we noticed some different faces in the shop. Instead of just the usual lovely young ladies, there were a couple of folks behind the counter that almost looked out of place. Veruca and I assumed they must be the owners. At one point, the older gentleman smiled at the crowd. We both happened to catch it and it made us smile as well, because it was not the smile of greed an "look how much $$$ I am making" but instead it seemed to be a smile of humble pride at they way the crowd appreciated his hard work and artistry.It turns out that the owner and his family had been out to dinner and had seen the crowd, rolled up their sleeves and jumped right in.After we left with our delicious Milkshakes,(I recommend the chocolate Cinnamon) we talked about how glad we were that we walked in.It made such a difference in how we thought of the place. Instead of a chocolate shop owned by some elite/arrogant chocolatier (for some reason, that was the impression we both had) it was now a person who was putting love into all of the little details.Add this experience to the delicious offering at The Milkshake Factory and I better plan on spending even more time at the gym to work off the calories.
4	Great place to go for dessert. You'll basically find anything one can be craving for, whether it be sundaes, milkshakes, or ice cream. The store itself is a subsidiary for a popular chocolate maker so you're definitely getting good sweets for sure. Lots of other products as well, such as chocolate covered pretzels, truffles, and all the stuff you'd expect to find at a chocolate store. Seating inside is limited though.
3	As an avid lover of all sweets, I've only heard good things about the Milk Shake Factory. After a romantic stroll down Southside we wanted to get a milkshake to share and was surprised when I said I'd never been. Elbowing our way to see the menu we decided to get a chocolate raspberry truffle milkshake (sounds delicious-was in fact delicious). Yes, it was good, but it was not good enough to justify spending 4.50 on a small cup of ice cream and milk.  I think the only redeeming factor is that they have a large selection of flavors to choose from.
3	I had a minty chocolate chip shake, but the chocolate wasnt blended or chopped very much so that was kind of a bummer... i wish they had more hard to find candies but overall its a nice lil place.
5	This is a really unique place! We got a cookie dough milkshake and a peanut butter sundae. They can make any of their delicious ice creams into milkshakes or sundaes. The sundae had the perfect amount of peanut butter! Nothing was added to distract from the great ice cream.
2	For a place called " The milkshake factory" I expected much more than a droopy completely liquified chocolate drink.  Thats all i have to say, for $4.50.
4	The only thing holding them back from 5 stars is that their high staff turnovers results in inconsistent milkshake quality. I love their ice cream and milk shakes. I have only tried some of the chocolate and whole excellent, the price is out of my regular spending range. Milkshake happy hours are where it's at: Wednesdays from 4-6 half price shakes, which is only just over $2!  Unfortunately my scoop fell off the cone once and they have me a whole new cone, no hassle. They will also make doggy ice cream bowls with vanilla ice cream  and peanut butter. It is one of my favorite throngs about living in south side.
4	As a big fan of milkshakes, I love coming here! The flavors are great, and after having lived in Boston, I really can't gripe about the price. I always order the coffee toffee, and I love that they use both toffee syrup AND toffee pieces. Major points in my book. The milkshake is always very rich.My only complaint is with the inconsistency of the shakes. Sometimes, you get someone great making them, and other times, they can be less great.
5	This place was highly recommended to me, and it certainly lived up to expectations. Came here in June 2014, ordered a milkshake for $4.50 and it was well worth the price. There are so many different flavors to pick from - at least 25 or more. I tried the peanut butter chocolate and it was amazing. The milkshake had the perfect thickness, not too heavy, not too thin. Also, it was not overwhelmingly sweet, so it was easy to finish without getting a stomach ache even after having a full dinner before hand. When I went in there were about 15 people in front on me, but the line moved extremely quickly and I only waited about 10 minutes from getting in line to receiving my milkshake, so don't shy away if there is a crowd. I didn't buy anything else, but there was a huge assortment of chocolates and other sweets that all looked delicious. I will certainly go back the next time I am in town.
5	I just want to say that the Snappers these guys are now selling are delicious.  I have not been to the restaurant. I live in Paradise Valley Arizona.  But at Costco I just picked up their newest creation.  Snappers.  OMG the best.  If you like salty and sweet, chocolate and carmel, you will love love love Snappers.
5	It is so hard to eat healthy when you live a block from this place! Who doesn't love a milkshake? I fell in love the moment I walked in. It smells so amazing since they have freshly made chocolates out in the front, and the milkshake area in the back. This place has so many choices that I am positive anyone can find something they will love. I love the chocolate raspberry! Always comes out super creamy and always hits the spot when I need it. It is super cute inside and everyone that works there is super friendly. I tell everyone about The Milk Shake factory and is really a place anyone who loves ice cream and chocolates should stop!
4	Omg... Love this place. Best milkshakes around. I am always in the south side and discovered this place about a year ago.. I went last fall and had a spooky spice milkshake... Pumpkin ice cream with hot fudge around the outside, whipped cream, chocolate shavings and candy corn... I mean... Just how incredible does that sound ? I've also had their chocolate raspberry and moose track milkshakes and they are incredible as well. I also love their chocolate strawberries- they have smaller ones and huge ones, both are incredible. The milkshake factory also sells snappers which are super addicting- but I do not purchase them there considering they sell them at costco and are a little cheaper. The milkshake factory is awesome- but their prices are why I have not given them 5 stars. They tend to run a little high.. Although they do have a milkshake happy hour in Wednesdays- half off shakes 4-6 :)
5	I stopped in tonight for a pick-me-up, since it's been a bit of a rough week.  Since I came here on my bike and didn't want to carry my purse, I put $5 cash in my pocket, knowing that milkshakes cost less than that and thinking that sundaes wouldn't be any more than that.  To my dismay, when I arrived, I found that I was 60 cents short of the chocolatier sundae, which I'd wanted to try, based on other reviews.  The guy at the counter asked if I knew what I wanted, and I told him I thought I'd known, but that I was a bit short on cash for the chocolate sundae, so I'd choose a milkshake instead.  Looking at the huge list, nothing immediately stood out at me, so I asked him for a recommendation, as I often do when I'm not sure what to order.  He suggested making a chocolate milkshake for me with the same ingredients as the sundae.  I told him that sounded like a great idea, so he set about doing it. The lady behind the counter watched curiously and asked him what he was doing, so he explained.Just from looking at the milkshake, I knew it was going to be great.  I went to the corner to eat it al fresco and people-watch semi-surreptitiously.  However, from first sip, I had trouble taking my eyes off of my milkshake, since it was so delicious!  About halfway through, I tried to take a pause, but it didn't last very long, since I was addicted to the chocolatey goodness!  It consisted of chocolate ice cream with chocolate syrup drizzled on the sides, with chocolate chips and brownie bites at the bottom and whipped cream with chocolate shavings on top.  The consistency was thick enough to qualify unambiguously as a milkshake while still being drinkable through a straw, without the need for a spoon. As I drank it, I slipped into chocolate bliss, and all my worries of the week slipped away.  Although it's said that money can't buy happiness, $4.85 bought me a chocolate-laden rush of dopamine straight to my nucleus accumbens, thanks to the Milkshake Factory!I'd been here one time before, over a year ago. Based on that visit, I would have awarded only 4 stars, since that milkshake, while tasty, didn't blow my mind, and customer service wasn't anything special.  However, based on the excellent customer service and unique milkshake I received tonight, I am awarding a 5 star rating. I strongly suggest going on a night when they're not busy, and thinking outside the box in putting together your ice cream confection, rather than simply choosing off the list. Given my experience tonight, I highly recommend checking out the Milkshake Factory for a treat if you find yourself on the South Side.  I'm sure I'll be back again soon!
5	The MIlk Shake Factory is the place to go when you are craving a milkshake. Their ice cream selection is fairly consistent with a few monthly and seasonal changes. You can either get a milkshake or sundae. I usually order the banana milkshake where they make it using a banana, vanilla ice cream, and whole milk. Simple ingredients together make this milkshake and it is my favorite because of it's simplicity. They also have pre-combined milkshake combinations so be sure to check the descriptions underneath their names. In all honesty, you cannot go wrong with anything here!
5	Just walking around the south side and stumbled upon this gem. Amazing milkshakes!!!! And yummy chocolate. Will defiantly be returning!!!
3	Ehh not that impressed,  the milkshake was.. a milkshake, nothing especially heavenly about it. the girl who made it wasn't very welcoming,  just as well going to paiges
4	Delicious ice cream and charming little place. Snapper milkshake is the perfect blend of salty and sweet.
4	What a charming ice cream parlor, chocolatier, and candy stop in the South Side!  We came for a couple of milkshakes and weren't disappointed...so we had to try the chocolate, which was delicious as well.  Lots to choose from in either category, too...so be prepared to either sample a bunch or drive yourself nuts trying to choose your flavor.Plus, the old-world charm and painted, tin ceiling really give this place a ton of character - which adds to "goodness" of the place.  With super-friendly service, too - this place is a force to be reckoned with.  I'm just glad I don't live so close by or I'd be in serious trouble...and my waistline agrees.Two thumbs up...and can't wait to go back!
3	I went here with four other friends after brunch for a sweet treat. It took a little while to get service since it was a warm Sunday afternoon and the place was somewhat busy. The line and menu were disorganized and the staff was very friendly, but slow. The prices are a bit high, but it's a great treat every once in awhile. I got the minty chocolate milkshake which was delicious! I can't remember what my friends got, but we were all satisfied. The shop is adorable and there is some seating available inside. I do plan to go back and try another awesome flavor.
5	The milkshakes are to die for! A giant selection to choose from, and they they're reasonably priced. They have gorgeous chocolates, too. A nice interior and friendly staff!
5	One shake is more than enough to SHARE. So rich and thick. They will turn any flavor of hard ice cream they have into a shake, but Piece of Cake is the only one for me.
4	This place is amazing! The milkshakes and chocolates are delicious! I always order the Oreo shake. My mother had the Cookie Dough fudge and loved it! My friend gave the hot fudge shake a try and loved it as well! My only complaint is that the shakes are a little pricey. $4.50 is a little much for a 16 oz shake. Other than that, delicious milkshakes!
5	I can't trust people who don't like milkshakes. I mean come on...these are heavenly! I had the cookie dough fudge shake and my friend had the peppermint oreo shake. We sat in silence indulging. It was THAT good. The shake was the right consistency without being too thick or watery. I didn't feel it was overly sweet, but it did fill me up. I was impressed with their long list of available shake combinations, which was fun to think about for my next visit.We sat at a table and watched other people file in. I was mesmerized by all the chocolate displayed on the walls in boxes and other kinds that was out in the open. I ended up getting a s'mores milk chocolate bark and I wasn't disappointed. I saw a sign saying they have half off milkshakes on wednesdays from 4-6 I believe. It's a good excuse to come in every week and try everything at some point!
5	This place is SO good! My only complaint is that is located in southside and they should have another location, but that doesn't change the fact that they make the best milk shakes and sundaes known to man kind!
