1	They call people on the DO NOT CALL list.
1	Patriot did faulty work on a brand new a/c, heater and blower they installed which nearly killed my family due to carbon monoxide poisoning.  Now less than 2 years later they are not willing to pay for repair to further problems that are showing up.
1	This company has terrible customer service.  I contacted them about a repair that they had a warranty on.  The warranty was for 1 year.  The part broke after 8.5 months and they refuse to even discuss it with me.  The woman on the phone yelled at me like I was an idiot and said that since I called another repair company to fix it, they wouldn't warranty their work.  At the time my ceiling had water pouring down so I needed to get it fixed ASAP.  I wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
1	This is the most unethical company I've ever been foolish enough to do business with.  They were once called Freedom Air Conditioning and still use the same phone number.  They Installed an Air Con unit on my house in 2006, billed me for a Trane, installed a less expensive model, installed it incorrectly, Serviced it (now Patriot, yes, they assumed the maintenance agreement) for 3 years never informing me that the installation did not meet building code standards and continually tried to sell me additional work that should have been done with the original installation.  They now tell me that Freedom is out of business and they are not liable for the work that was done.  Same owner, same company, different name, same ethics.  I'm sure this company will also fail and resurface as "My Country, Tis of Thee" or some other dubious title.  Buyers Beware.
1	These guys are the worst. Like someone else noted, I wish I could give them a zero or a negative rating. My dad called them in to repair his a.c. They sold him on the need for a new unit, to the tune of $5k. They installed it, but the refuse to service it. Less than a month after the install the unit will not keep the house cool. It runs constantly, struggles to maintain the temp at 80 degrees. It works, sort of, but it clearly has an issue, and these jokers simply will not repair it. Did I mention my wife is pregnant, with triplets. She is uncomfortable enough, without this addition to her misery. These guys know it too, and are not moved to warranty their work.Whatever you do, do not use these clowns.
1	buyer beware: had problems with this company, looked up roc # to find out it is suspended, used to be freedom air
1	Whoops too late, I have a bad feeling about my association with "Patriot".  My one year new Ruud split system was installed 7/2012. The compressor has gone out and no cooling.  "John" will get back to me when he talks to the company. 4 days later, no contact. I am a senior And a caregiver for my husband. I will let you know how this is resolved. I now think that the company is barely hanging on and we maybe the "fall out".
