3	More than just  Pizza. This location is small but cozy.  Has two large screen TV's for your entertainment pleasure.The pizza is of better quality than most (a definate step up from Pizza Hut and Domino').  The thin crust is we like here.  The crust has a crunch to it, which I prefer.  Their menu has a "tailgate" variety of food (Pasta, Ribs, Fried Chicken, sub sandwiches......you get the picture).The prices are bit high for what you get.  They do have specials so that is what our family typically goes for..... Familiy Feast ($22) includes 16' pizza with one topping, 6 wings, 4 garlic sticks, and 2 liter of pop.We are planning to keep this place on our list of places to think about  for a weekday "too many kid activities" and "too tired to cook" take out night.
1	Stopped in for the lunch special. I was going to get two slices and a drink, but one slice looked sufficient, so I went with that. All the pizzas look like cheese pizza because the pepperoni and the sausage are buried miles below the cheese. You practically need a magnifying glass to see there's pepperoni in it.Here's where the story ends: One bite, and the cheese/pepperoni came off all at once like a wet blanket, leaving only the tomato-sauce covered crust remaining. Um... okay.... so, buh-bye to that whole slice of pepperoni as I bought it and hello to a remaining piece of dough covered in tomato sauce.  Yummy if I had a hangover and didn't care. Not so yummy if all I wanted was just a slice of pepperoni pizza. Is it too much to expect that cheese and pepperoni to remain on that slice of pizza until, oh, I don't know, I'm done eating it? Shouldn't some cheese and pepperoni remain on that slice for a second bite, and third bite, and a fourth bite, and a fifth bite, until I'm done eating it?Taste-wise? Well, not sure how accurate my assessment would be as I had to chew it all up all at one so I didn't spit it out and then re-eat it (because that would be gross.) But I did taste a lot of cheese. And I could tell there was some garlic in it. Sorry I can't describe the taste with any more accuracy than that. Peter Piper Pizza is better than this. Heck, even a frozen pizza is better than this.  If I ever return, I will be sure to bring a knife and fork to be sure I don't lose that slice on the first bite.
4	This is my favorite Rosati's location as you can dine in and the pizza is SOOOO much better fresh from the oven!!  I have only ordered the thin crust and probably will never venture elsewhere on the menu because it's so dang good!!  Just like the Rosati's chains back in Chicago except for my absolute favorite location has an all-you-can-eat lunch buffet!!  Then again, maybe it's a good thing they don't have that here....  :)Their prices are not cheap, and they get dinged one star for that.
5	Their pizza is to DIE for. My parents have been ordering from here for some time, and every time I'm back in town, we order from here. They love it, and so do I! The thin crust pizza is all I've tried but the first time was enough to know that I was in love. We get italian sausage & green peppers and it is just phenomenal. HIGHLY recommended if you are looking for one of the best thin crust pizzas your mouth will ever meet.
4	I love their thin crust pizza but it would be perfect if when you asked for well done it was.  Other then that, great tasting!  Great chicken sandwhich, just how I like it hot and thin, breaded to perfection.  Def the BEST of their locations but also suggest dining in, delivery can be slow and not as good if it gets cold.  Plus they are super friendly when you go in!!
4	You will thank me for this little tidbit...There is a 50% off gift card offer for this location at:http://www.citydeals.com/location/index/index/id/2910?ref=CDUMTIwNzgwA nice place to dine in for pizza and fairly tasty pasta dishes. Nice staff at this location. Nice flat screen television for those that just can't break away from the game long enough to feed themselves.Enjoy!
2	Pizza is hit or miss at this location.  Sometimes it is excellent (at least for Phoenix pizza anyway, which pretty much sucks)...sometimes it is AWFUL.I'd love to give them a better rating, but here's why this location especially is horrible:  their staff.  A bunch of teenage girls running the phones & front counter & they have ZERO people skills.  If you call in an order, they don't even say hello, and just place you on hold immediately without even breathing a word to you.  They also seem completely annoyed that you want to ...gasp...order food for takeout or delivery...and talk faster than an auctioneer & you can't understand them half the time.  Then when you show up to pick up your food (delivery is about as fast as turtles stampeding through peanut butter), they are usually too busy flirting to the young men in the kitchen and eating area to bother with assisting you.If they fix their employee issues, I am sure this place would do MUCH better...but this has been problematic for this location since day one, and the owner is obviously not interested in making this location more profitable.  Go to Oregano's instead.
4	I love this place.  We order pizza from here about twice a month.  9 times out of 10 the food is good, but sometimes its a little overcooked and dry.  This seems to be happening more lately...maybe its just a fluke.  Ive been going there for so long I know they put out a great product, but I think sometimes the cooks just get lazy.  They also have great chicago style hot dogs (with the poppy seed buns and vienna beef dogs).  And the girls up front are super friendly - especially Kylie.
1	Laughable that anyone would rate this place 5 stars. In the Chicagoland area Rosati's is right up there with pizza hut, but they have the audacity to be twice the price. A pizza from Rosati's is only edible after 12-15 blue moons. I don't want to know what you people rated papa johns...
3	This place was nearby my house and I wanted to get a pizza...so there I went. Went inside and place was sorta busy. When I placed my order they said it was going to take 30 minutes or so for me to receive it....I literally looked around the dining room and asked why.??? They said they were busy.....I did say it was sorta busy right and did for a reason. I ordered anyway and sat down. I have some patience and I wasn't going to a bar just yet....give these guys a chance. Pizza came out about 35 minutes later and it looks pretty good. I ate a few slices and it was pretty tasty. The only thing that kept me from 4 stars was this.........1. the wait....snore.....2. I wish the pizza had more meat on it.....wheres the beef baby!!3. when you bite into the pizza the lip scorching cheese flap comes off and blister the daylights out of you lips and chin....... I should've screamed in bloody horror! Consider this a warning and a public service announcement!I ordered a small pizza and a drink and it was $18 bucks.......compared to pizza hut that's expensive and I get 2 pizzas from the hut!
1	Just tried calling in a to-go order and again, they don't even answer the frigging phone, they just immediately slam it down into hold.  Quite possibly the RUDEST bunch of people I have come across EVER.  Go to the Shea location instead.  Not only do they have nice people working there, but the pizza is even better for some reason.
3	Pizza here is decent but a bit overpriced. And counter service has sucked sometimes. They do have good lunch specials. I tried a slice of their white pizza for lunch and it was really yummy.
4	I love Rosati's Pizza and this location is great.  Nice ownership and friendly staff.
3	I'm reasonably certain my next review for Rosatis will be higher!  Here's why.The young man working there wouldn't have been more courteous and the service was fast.  The restaurant was clean which is absolutely essential to me.   We had pizza that was already prepared and ready to go.  I can't say it was the best in the world.  I don't know that maybe it was a type that didn't appeal to me.  It didn't look like it had been prepared and waiting for to long.  I said I wanted a basic pizza so the young man did his best to help me get what I wanted.  I did notice they offer five types and mentioned to Norma that we might try the thin crust nest time?Now the good news.  While my friend Norma and I were sitting there, a large Italian looking man had a very large pizza delivered to his table.  It was a deep dish cheese pizza that made me salivate just looking at it.  Obviously this has to be one of there specialty pizzas and we missed the boat by not knowing to order it.   We certainly will next time!They offered something I am not used to seeing-chocolate chip cheesecake.  Norma said it was good.One thing I did appreciate about Rosati's.    They had two large screen TV's set to sports channels.  The volume was set to a level that a normal person could enjoy it!  How nice to be able to watch the game and be able to discuss it without having to scream to be heard.I am really looking forward to going back for that deep dish pizza!
1	Ordered at 7:15..pizza came at 9:10.  Wasn't hot any more obviously.  One of the pies was wrong.  Cool.
4	Being from a Chicago land Neighborhood that had many pizza delivery choices (Rosati's being one of them) I have found my pizza home. This is the closest pie I have found to Chitown. I no longer feel the need to buy a plane ticket to get my pizza fix.
4	Great pizza and wonderful staff. I'll definitely be back again and again.
1	Ordered a chx parm sandwich for lunch. I should have known when it was dead at noon. Two bites and in the bin. Sloppy gross red sauce. Old and overlooked chicken. On a burnt hamburger bun (store bought) for just under $7.  What a waste of money on some horrible food.  I should have gone with my gut which said gt pizza, now I'll never know because I'll never return.
4	I ate Rosati's pizza from Homer Glen, IL when I lived in IL, so I was definitely stoked that there are plenty of Rosati's here in Phoenix! Chicago style deep dish, check.Chicago thin crust, check.Allll the toppings that a pizza place should have, check.HOT GIARDINERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CHECK, CHECK, CHECK!I have a really hard time living without giardinera, and it greatly pleases me that they stay true to the  Chicago roots and have it! I won't describe it because I'm not a good enough writer to do it justice. Just know that every pizza and sandwich you've ever had in your life is missing this delicious SPICY giardinera. Maybe it's not good for a first date, but if you can't bond over food, maybe you don't need a 2nd date anyway, because all people need to eat.As far as service goes, it's not an upscale restaurant. It's a typical pizza place. The girls on the phone have always gotten my order correctly, and I don't need anything but that. Get the giardinera on the side. You absolutely can have it baked in your pizza, but trust me, you want to appropriately drown your slice and savor the goodness yourself.Not for bland palates. Try pizza hut. The spiciness will rid you of any extra calories from the delicious (because it's real!) cheese, so don't you worry waistlines, you can still fit in your pants.Don't forget to look for coupons too. There's some on their website.
4	Visiting Phoenix and decided to try this place out because they offered chicago style pizza.  We were greeted immediately and seated.  The menu said to allow atleast 45 minutes for chicago pizza but it really only took about 30 minutes.  We had calamari and wings to entertain us while we waited, both were good...the wings were better than the calamari though.  Finally got our pie and it was huge!  We only at a slice each and ended up taking the rest to go, it was delish and if I'm ever in town again I would visit this place again.
3	Good pizza, pasta, and wings, but if we have a next trip we'll avoid any pizza using spinach as a topping. The waterlogged frozen/canned spinach very nearly ruined our perfectly acceptable thin crust pizza.The server was super friendly and on the ball even though she was running the cash register, packing up take-out orders, and waiting the entire (tiny) place.
1	Sorry for the long review, but this has to be known....If I could have given this location a negative score, I would have!  I live close by but wanted to call in the order & go pick it up. This would have been my 1st time eating/ordering at Rosatis. I called around 6pm on a Sunday.  The phone rang about 3-4 times then went into a instant hold recording. ( talking about their great service... yeah right)  After about 5 minutes on hold & no one picking up to say ill be right with you, i of course started to wonder what was going on.  My husband picked up his cell & called the same number to see if maybe my call was lost in que or something.  Nope same thing, 5 min of hold on his phone, meanwhile 10 min on mine.  At this point i decided to just go straight to the location, but decided to stay on the phone to see if somene would pick up.  By the time i got to the store, my phone had read 23 minutes on HOLD!!   Are you serious?!I walked into the store & immediately asked for a manager.  This is the most appaling part to me...The guy was already at the counter & said im the manager how can i help you.  I proceeded to show him my phone & said that ive been on hold this entire time trying to get through.  He saw the 23 min & heard it, because i then put it on speaker.  He acted so dumbfounded.  He said i dont know how that can happen? Meanwhile one of the servers came up to the counter & said in her 17 yr old voice, i dont know how thats possible.  The phone should hang up after 5 min of holding. (Thats not a good thing either rosatis)  I tell them this is my 1st time here & I cant believe this is how the establshment is run. The server ( not the manager)  is now "handling the situation" while the manager just stands there.  She is now giving me attiude & telling me that it was just really busy & i just missed it.  Look at this she says, kind of gesturing with her hands to look at the mess on the counter.  I said im sorry, but thats not really my concern.  I asked why no one could pick up the phone to say, hey were really busy but ill be with you in a few minutes?  Her response was that the phone goes into a que & your call gets picked up in the order it comes in.  Ok i say, but 23 minutes??Finally the girl with purple hair who is supposed to be answering the phone ( who by the way hasnt said a thing) starts hitting buttons to see "where my call is" and BINGO! low & behold she picks up!  Well all 3 of them looked shocked.  I looked at the manager & he was like yeah sorry, I dont know how that happened but weve been really busy.  I said im sorry but thats none of my concern, wating for some sort of apology or some effort to make the situation right.The server says well mam, what do you want? I said nothing now!  She said good then you can just leave, we dont need your percentage anyway! Holly Cow, really?  Your telling an 8 month pregnant (with twins) woman to get out? Just LEAVE she says. I looked to the manager, like are you going to let this girl talk to me like this?  He went right along with it.  I asked her for her name & she just shrugged.  I ask the manager for his name & he says in his cocky tone TONY.  Almost like he was giving me some random name? who knows....Bottom line is that this place has the- WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE & RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT !!!!!!!  I understand its a pizza joint, but its a huge franchise & yes darling, while you may just be a little peon server, the owners of Rosatis rely on our business & our reviews.  I have already put a call into the corporate office.  This whole thing could have been avoided if they just would have apoligized, but instaed they kicked me out....
2	I love the pizza but the delivery is never on time and the pizza has yet to be hot let alone warm. I really like the pizza I just wish they could staff appropriately for delivery.
1	Terrible food and service. Consistently slow. Have to wait ages past quoted times even for pickup. Food is frequently cold or incorrect. Save yourself the trouble and drive a few miles to the 7th ave and union hills location.
4	Originally went here because of a restaurant.com certificate.The place was busy, but we received great service from our servers, and the food was good.We had the thin crust Monster pizza - yum!
4	Went here to sample the deep dish pizza, and it was excellent! One of the better deep dishes in town, the 12" runs only 15 bucks plus toppings and feeds 3+. Also had an unspectacular Caesar salad and run-of-the mill hot wings. Good beer specials (domestic bottles 1.50) on Thursday nights. Service was good (even though Melanie was the only server on our visit). I'll return, mainly for that deep dish deliciousness......
4	First time here and the pizza was delicious! The layout of the place was Trendy.
2	Have been eating at the Rosati's on Shea and Scottsdale Rd the last few times and they have not let me down with the deep dish and thin crust but it is only take out so we thought we would try this location to sit down. Next time I will go to Shea for take out. We had the Rosati's Pan Style and it was huge but quality prevails over quantity. Rosati's on Shea had been the choice at our house but with this set back I am ready to for this price range go back to Spinatos.Service here was good and prompt but the food just did not meet my expectations. I will not go back here but will go back to the Rosati's on Shea Rd
4	We stopped at this place for dinner back in July.I am not a deep dish pizza expert but this one was good enough for us.We ordered a huge one because we had a coupon with a minimum amount. We ate pizza for like 3 days and that box was so heavy you would have thought we had 5 pounds of mozzarella...Service was good, I think it took a little too long but, oh well, it was a deep dish pizza : )Hubby and daughter went back again without me.
1	My family and I ordered pizza  1-2 times a week from this restaurant. For the past 20 years we have ordered from Rosati's in several cities. This store sent us a  pizza with uncooked toppings tonight. When told about it, the store personnel refused to refund the cost of the pizza. They obviously couldn't care less about customer service, or satisfying  long term customers. Well they just lost 2 customers tonight. I can order substandard pizza for a lot cheaper elsewhere.
1	I'm sorry but I wouldn't go back here. Location is kind of hidden in the back of a shopping center. I had a gift card from restaurant.com and thought this place was worth a try. For one the pizza isn't Chicago deep dish pizza as advertized. It is super thin and not that good at all-tastes like cheap frozen pizza. Service was extremely slow and server kept forgetting basic things like silverware/straws/etc..(granted they seemed to be slammed with only 1 server-hello management). We never got our appetizers until the meal came out and the server was just like oh yea about it. Sure you can get a ton for the prizing (big pizza pies) but it's not noteworthy food or service at all.
1	Extremely disappointed in this place. The one in Scottsdale is great. This location however not so much. Got a pan pizza and literally came out as bread and cheese. There was almost NO sauce on it and hardly any ingredients. It was cut into 4 giant slices, then everything fell off as I picked it up with a spatula! Not only that but on too of this, the pizza dough wasn't even cooked through all the way. Such a waste of money.
5	I came here on a Saturday night and I was completely happy. The ribs were delicious, the server was super friendly, in fact all the staff was wonderful. The food took a little while to come but not an unusual time, and everything was made fresh. The deserts were wonderful (cannoli and cheesecake) and not too expensive. I will come back.
1	Where to begin.......I have heard from many people that Rosati's pizza is amazing and how I HAVE TO TRY IT! So I figured I would walk in and check it out. While looking over the menu I asked to use the restroom because......well I had to go. While in the restroom I hear a loud bang and someone yell "Lets go" so I finish up, and walk out only to see nobody outside the restroom. I go back to looking over the menu for about 5 to 10 more minutes and decided was a little out off my price range to dine alone and that I'll probably return with some friends so I walked out. As I'm walking away one of the employees follows me outside and yells "Hey were not a restroom, don't come back" I turned around and said "excuse me?" And he replied" WERE NOT A F****** RESTROOM!" So I responded "I know you're restaurant is not a restroom and you don't need to be so f****** rude" and I went to the restaurant next door.while waiting for my food there I realize I left my bag from Walgreens in Rosattis so I walked back in and asked the waitress if anyone had seen it... she said kind of nervously that "he" has is (referring to the guy who yelled at me) so I turn around and and see him walk inside and I ask him where my bag is and he tells me it's in the trash. Not only did he throw it away,but he purposely walked outside and threw my bag in the dumpster forcing me to climb in the trash and look for my bag. He must. Have thrown it really hard too because my phone was in the bag and it was completely ruined. I really hope this guy was fired because everything that took place was 110% unacceptable. I'm thinking about pressing charges but I don't know if it's even worth the time. I didn't catch his name but he clearly has some anger issues possibly caused by the steroids he has been taking. As amazing as their food may be....I do not plan on eating here and if I talk to anyone about this place I will advise them to do the same. This really was a terrible end to a great week.
4	The best pizza in town! Thin crust all the way and they put the toppings under the cheese!
4	Great pizza spot! Those little squares will get you in trouble. Because in you're mind you're like "just one more piece" and then you look up and you've eaten the majority of the pizza a by yourself (not that I'm complaining or anything). They deliver which is great. On a Friday or Saturday night place your order early, they get pretty swamped on the weekends. Just writing about them makes me hungry...lol.
2	I've been eating here or getting pizza delivered since they opened this joint. It was really good at first and has slowly gone down hill. Maybe they are owned by somebody different than the tasty Scottdale location?Going keep this short and simple. The quality of the food and service at this location is always CONSISTENTLY HIT OR MISS.Sometime it is great and other times it is awful. The last few pizzas that were delivered to the house had black (burnt) cornmeal covering the entire bottom of the crust. This is simply an oven that is not being maintained properly and most unfortunate.Since this is not about trying to graduate with a 2.0 or better and I'm not going out of my way to apply the Bell Shape Curve to my past dining experiences ... BIG MEH!2.25 STARS
5	Great tasting pizza and fettuccine Alfredo. Had the combination pizza and it was one of the best thin crust I have had. My wife was very pleased with the tender and tasty noodles. Great creamy taste of the sauce. Will be back for more. We did take out and had great service.
4	The food wasn't bad. We had pizza, ribs, and fried chicken. We are in town for an event and found them on Restaurant.com. Our server Melissa was awesome. Very friendly and attentive. I hope to come back.
4	Try the double double definitely must have simply amazing food. A little taste of Chicago in Phoenix delicioso-
