1	I used to shop at this store on a daily basis however, due to the lack of checkers on duty and the refusal of management to remove those STUPID self serve check outs I refuse to spend another dime here. The store is small compared to others and the employees are generally unenthused and unhappy except the lady in the courtesy booth. It's a drag when I'm trying to shop for dinner and I'm approached by an employee who is being discriminated against and demoted.
1	This location is beat. Old and worn down. The layout is all weird. Only one (slow) person working the deli section with a line of customers 6 deep. There's a plastic bin with sandwich rolls where customers can grab their own bread and stick them in a plastic bag. I saw a lady stick her dirty hands in there, move around the bread she didn't like until finding just the right ones. Sans tissue paper. Needless to say I didn't buy my rolls there.
3	I stopped in as I was coming home from the Strip and bought the Coke on sale.  10 items or less checkout had no line.  This is not my normal store, but it was convenient and fit the job.
4	YES! Smith's Is the place, "Why?" you ask... I will tell u why!!! 1. Original low prices2. The Sales!!!3. Smith's Club (Earn point's for shopping)4. The set up and ProductsThis location Is great because It Is FARRRRR away from much of the chaos, tucked away In the beautiful south/west part of the city.  very clean store!
1	Just say "NO!" to this store. It is filthy and smells. It looks like a Government Surplus store and the prices are not all that great. 1 star is too generous.
3	Unfortunately I've seen this Smith's go way downhill over the past decade. It used to be clean and have a great variety of organic/natural/vegetarian food. Now it's dingy and the natural foods section is half the size it used to be.I give it three stars because there are occasionally good manager deals there that aren't at other Smith's location. I got a bunch of bags of vegan cheese last week for a third of what they usually cost.
4	Dayum. Some people hatin' on this Smith's. Oh well. I had a very different experience. The place is hella large and has everything you are looking for from a standard supermarket plus a nice liquor section, a pharmacy and a small hardware aisle. I picked up everything on my grocery list and more. The only negative about this particular store is the small fruits/veggies aisle, but the organic aisle attached to it made up for that. Need groceries? Come on over here. Huge bonus: large selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses at the deli counter
5	I seriously don't know what these low reviews are from 5 years ago-- LOL.  Well it's 2014, I'm going to write an awesome review because for the well deserved staff and service for the last five years have been amazing.  Friendly and helpful, clean and always stocked with fresh, great quality produce and meats.  EVERY TIME I walk in I am remembered and greeted. It's seriously your sweet, neighborhood grocery store.
3	We've started shopping at this location, as its a bit cleaner than the Tropicana and Jones location.This week, they had no frozen Tilapia, which bummed me out, but what can you do...go to another location another day.This store is consistently clean, and employees are polite.  Its a little further away from home, but worth it, for a better selection, and a cleaner store.
5	I was so impressed by the service here that I have to give them 5 stars. I was so whisked away by their service that there could have been an oil spill in the middle of the store & I doubt I would have noticed it one bit.Here are the deets -I ran in to pick up a sandwich for my bf - was in a hurry, it was a busy Saturday. I'm always expecting staff to be pissed off that they have to help but to my surprise, I was helped quickly by the happy gentleman behind the deli counter, who graciously pointed out that they make fresh premade sandwiches each morning & pointed the case out to me. He told me they are a great deal & fresh...after seeing them, I concur. Then, I was trying to figure out what type of cheese was on which, when another very friendly member of staff came up to assist & told me which cheese was which. :) I was so impressed by the overall knowledge of the staff (she was not at the deli counter but knew those sandwichs' ingredients) and at how willing to be helpful they were. They didn't stand back at all. If they see a customer wandering or floundering, they step in willing to help.Last, I had quickly gathered our lunch goods and found a check stand. That was the most friendly checkout experience I can remember having. Man, she was so nice. Like, she actually cared whether I found everything. You know, you can't fake authenticity so whoever has done their hiring, has found a very authentically good & caring staff.I had a great feeling after leaving...I felt like I was...I don't know....Oprah or something, by how attentive the staff were from the moment I walked in. That's a store I want to shop at.KuddosXoXo
1	Horrible service.  I'm new in town and decided to stop by the market since it's close by to home. Unfortunately,  the cashier was a bit of a douche.  I asked for a membership card (thinking "hey, I'll be back...i found my go-to market) so wrong ! He simply said "well I don't have any. So maybe next time." Are you serious? I'd would expect him to find a membership card for a new customer, not simply state he doesn't have any at his register!!! (With an attitude). So unfortunate for that store, you lost a customer.  I guess I'll stick to VONS, providing friendly service.
5	I love this store everyone is very sweet but that Drake looking like fellow annoyed me. Other than that I love this place everyone's nice welcoming and food is always fresh
