4	This is the former Merchandise Mart on Independence. I just attended the Southern Christmas Show here the other night. Great place. It's HUGE! The Christmas show has been here for years. Lots of arts, crafts, food & festive stuff. A  Christmas shopaholic's dream, a husband's nightmare! Plenty of parking ($6 to park) and tickets to the show are just $7.50 at all Harris Teeters with a Vic card ( I knew they were good for something). This place has all kinds of expos & shows throughout the year. The Southern Christmas Show is a great way to get into the holiday spirit!
3	The former Merchandise Mart along Independence is a big space. You really don't get it if you just blow by during your normal commute - you just see that building out front. But if you try and catch a show of some kind, you'll figure it out if you try and park (hey - is that where they got the new name?), since parking is a mess. And they try and charge you for it to boot. Find your way to a neighborhood street and hoof it to the entrance to save a few bucks - you'll need the extra workout for the massive layout of the place anyway!When the larger shows come to town, such as the Christmas show, you can spend hours even if all you do is walk straight through without stopping. And by "straight", I do not mean a direct line from start to finish, I just mean go in and go out. There is hardly a straight line to be found. Think Ikea on steroids, only instead of the labyrinth-like path you find there, it is more like a maze, with many ways about the show floor and only a single entrance and exit.Ultimately the space is probably a decent one if you are showing your goods - you can get a huge amount of people attending the right show, so make sure you stake out a good spot. If you are the show-goer, however, it is hit and miss. Some of the larger shows are worth seeing, but the smaller ones can be total flops. Instead of one huge empty space like some other locations, you get an odd assortment of connected buildings. It works, but know what you are getting into. As Joe mentions, check out alternative options for buying your tickets and you can save a few bucks.
3	Attended a gun show here. Nice facility.  Lots of parking and easy to get in and out of.
3	Large scale meeting & event space that always snags the Southern Women's Show, Southern Christmas Show, various gun & boat shows.So much space to pack in the shoppers who are eager to spend their money.Parking specifically for the SWC was $6, which I was not too happy about, especially considering the shape of the parking lot (which sits across the street from the venue). The lines are very faint for the parking spaces, so beware when parking.For the times I've attended the Southern Women's Show, the venue has made full accommodations & the space is used very well.
3	Made my first trek to the Southern Christmas Show this weekend and also my first visit to the Park Expo.  Very large space that's just perfect for events such as this and others like the the Southern Women's Show, etc.  Not really into the girlie accessories, etc. so I found the event to be a little dull although I will say I found the food items to be very appealing.My favorite thing about the Christmas Show was the train exhibit for sure.  But back to the space itself.  Parking is a bit limited for larger events but nothing too far away as to require bread crumbs or bottled water.
3	A very old complex of buildings but it certainly has enough space for events.  I have seen a few things here most recently the Southern Christmas Show.  The parking is always very efficient and for this event cost just $5.00.  A huge maze of vendors and fun.  There is food and beverages in the main hallway too - it was hard to resist!!!  Easy location to get to right off Independence - I will definitely be back for other events :-)
4	Park Expo does a great job of hosting the Southern Christmas Show each year, which is usually the one time I am there. They have a good amount of parking set up, and even take over the Bojangles Coliseum parking lot. The Christmas Show keeps to be getting bigger and bigger each year, and they might actually grow out of the location. The space itself is great for any event I could imagine being there, is easy to navigate, and has plenty of restrooms, something I think is important for any woman.
5	Well  went here for the Southern Christmas show and I did it after working my 5 o'clock job. I wish I would have actually taken a PTO day, but since I am still fairly new I didn't have any. This space is great for expos of all kinds. There is so much to see and there are three buildings, at least that I went through (could be more, but don't think so). So if you are going to an expo, it is probably one you really want to see. I would suggest going during the week, even taking a day off work if you have the PTO time. Weekends will be much busier, and after work leaves you pressed for time. But as always, do what you can and enjoy your expo!
4	We came for the Christmas Home Show...., It was wonderful. Spent all day and had an amazing time!  We come every year and the place is amazing.  It's really a lot of fun to come and see all the crafts that everyone makes.  There are so many new gadgets and gizmos also that people come up with.  It's amazing how creative some people are.  I sure wish I could come up with something cool to invent.Usually we get here around 11:00 and use the Valet Parking.  That's definitely what you want to do if you come.  It's so worth paying a few extra dollars so you don't have to drag all those packages and stuff a mile to the car.  However this year, we weren't so lucky.  Unfortunately the Valet Parking lot was full.  We ended up parking behind the Bojangles Building which was a long walk.  Also it was freezing cold so that made it even a worse walk.  The parking people are just so extremely rude and unhelpful.  We seem to have trouble with them every year.  I honestly don't think they have a clue what they are doing. I recommend buying your ticket online before you come.  The admission line is extremely long some days.  It's nice just being able to walk right in.  There is also a complimentary coat check which is great so you don't have to carry your coat around all day long.   When you first walk in, the place is decorated with Christmas Trees everywhere.  Actually the entire place is just beautiful all decorated in Christmas.  It totally gets you in the mood for Christmas.  Some of the usual stuff I get are some Christmas Ornaments, a Sweater, Dips, Wine (from local vineyards), my yearly Chick Filet calendar, Cheese, and the Roasted Nuts.  There's no way to resist buying the nuts.  You can't help smelling them while you're shopping. There are plenty of places to eat lunch.  It's a great variety of food vendors and there is even a cafeteria which prepares a different meal each day.  But usually, I'm not that hungry since I'm sampling dips, cheeses, wines, etc. most of the day.   The restrooms are very clean.  Each restroom has an attendant and she's constantly sweeping, wiping off the counters, and greeting you as you come in.  She's worth giving a tip to.They also have a drop off place to drop off the items you've purchased, so you can purchase more.  I must have gone to the drop off place about 3 times during the day to drop stuff off.  It's free of charge, but they do accept a donation for charity.Well, when it was time to leave I go to get all my packages I had dropped off.  Whoops...... I've bought more that I can manage!!!  Guess I should have skipped picking up that extra bottle of Bloody Mary Mix.  I finally got it dragged to the entrance.  Now.....What am I going to do???? We've parked about a mile away.  (At least it seemed like a mile in the freezing cold).  Since we were so late leaving, I asked the security guard if my Mom could just sit at the entrance with all my stuff so I could get the car.  He was kind of enough to allow that.  (to be honest, most of the people had left, so really it probably wasn't an issue....also the parking people had left already).  When I walked out the door I saw a guy sitting in a golf cart.  I asked him if he could give me a ride to the car.  He said YES! Oh....What a relief that was!  I hopped on the back while we drove to the car.  He told me that he was there raising money for the Shriners and that he worked for tips.  Well, he was definitely worth the tip!  He quickly got me to the car, then I went to get my mom and all the stuff I had bought. Thanks to him, that was a nice end to the day of shopping.  It's really nice going to the Christmas Home Show. You don't see many men there.  It's mainly a good girl's day.  I'm already looking forward to next year.  I've already thought of stuff I forgot to buy!
