3	This is where Press wine and food use to be I never went to press but I'm assuming it's the same place with just a new name.  Stopped by for a quick lunch meeting the people are very friendly and the make your own salad was fresh and delicious.  Nothing special I would compare it to Crisp not quite as good though. If your in uptown and need a quick healthy option I would definitely give this place a try.
3	So, I used to be a #1 afficianado of Press.  I was there nearly every week since I live just a few blocks away.  Unfortunately, Press started to change...for the worst, and it eventually went out of business and is now called Threes Tap Room and Wine Bar Cafe.  After the change, I decided to go back and give them another run.  The one thing that I can't seem to get over is the smell.  It's like a greasy kitchen smell that stays in your clothing until washed :(  This happened both times I went.  Press used to offer some really amazing specials such as 50% off bottles of wine on Saturday nights but it doesn't seem like Threes is following suit.  The menu is similar and I wouldn't say the quality of the food has diminished but it's not outstanding.  I do love the location and the ambiance.  I think it could be a great spot for a first date, or to just start off the evening with a lovely bottle of wine.  I'm underwhelmed by Threes but I'm not giving up on them.  I will update my review after another visit!
2	I loved Press for the great wine prices and sushi. I went to Threes recently with some friends and was disappointed with the change. The food was good but I will never go back because of the service. Our server was blatantly rude throughout the meal. For example,  a friend of mine asked if she could get her flatbread without roasted red peppers and he rolled his eyes, said "if this is going to be complicated I'll go get some paper", and left the table. Never write reviews like this but it was bad. :(
3	I used to love visiting this place when it was managed under a differnt name. Now it is a bit seedier.We went before the ACC Championship football game hoping to get some nice cocktails. Unfortunately, although they had a full bar they were really not very well-versed in cocktail making. Their special was a S'Mores Martini, and while I thought it was actually pretty good, my friend immediately spit it out and ordered a tap beer.Can't speak for the food, but I won't be going back unless I am deadset on ordering wine only.One serious positive: Clean bathrooms.Very important to the gals.
3	I have to give credit to Threes for their attempt at one-upping the average sandwich. Some of the ingredients they use are clearly meant to distinguish this restaurant/cafe from its Uptown competitors. Take your average turkey sandwich for example. I would normally think of processed slices of turkey with some mustard and kraft cheese on toasted white bread (What would you pay? $3-$4?). Threes offers you the wonderful "Uptown Turkey," which consists of big chunks of roasted turkey with 3 Vermont White Cheddar on a toasted baguette with a red onion marmalade. Now THAT'S a sandwich for kings. Question is, would you pay $7.50? Personally, I would. Most wouldn't. And a lot of sandwiches go up to $8.50, which is wild for Charlotte.If Threes was just a sandwich shop that specialized in delicious everyday lunch items, this place would hit the ball out of the park (thought the Banh Mi needs a lot of work). Unfortunately, it's trying to accomplish too much by also attempting to be a wine bar and cafe. You can't really combine the three concepts without compromising on some unique aspect of each. By having a deli-style serving station, you lose the classiness of a wine bar. Have you seen the wine bars in Philly or New York? And there's nothing too special about the coffee either.Perhaps what hurts them the most is their location. People don't have the time to walk or drive all the way over here on a daily basis. So when a bunch of us went here for lunch, it took them a long time to push our orders out since they weren't used to so many clientele at one time. It took 30 min to get a sandwich... though I will admit it was delicious.All in all, Threes has some nice features to it, but it needs a little tweaking to be truly successful.3/5
4	Threes is a simple place that is doing a few things well. We walked in at lunch and ordered two sandwiches and a salad to split. I was really impressed with the veggie sandwich (lots of pesto), and Ben's modified banh mi was also tasty.They can also do custom sandwiches and salads, which works out nicely if you have special dietary needs.Drinks from a well-stocked cooler or soda fountain, and they have a large selection of wines and local beer on tap. Props for the local selections.I love the space...it would be great for an afternoon meeting or book club (not that I'm in a book club). As for parking, we always end up in the metered spots just down from the shop and it works out just fine. I like Threes and hope to wander in again soon, especially as long as that veggie sandwich stays on the menu.
4	I had never taken advantage of visiting when this place was previously Press, but had always loved the space. Now, Threes has set up shop and has the welcoming arms of a good spot for lunch, glass of wine, draught beer, or sushi. Made it in for lunch and was absolutely ravenous. In search of adequate vegetarian  sustenance, it was nice to find so many easily modifiable menu options. Ended up ordering the Banh Mi and substituting the pork for portabello mushrooms. The baguette it came on was a little softer than usual, but had a great chew. Tons o f veggies and a creamy sauce. I was so hungry, I could have probably eaten double the given size. I'd definitely order it again. My wife ordered the veggie sandwich on ciabatta. This was the winner. Tons of veg and a nicely balanced pesto. Nice touch with the fresh mozz, too. We also ordered a side salad to split. Spinach base with tons of veggies as well. The white balsamic dressing was light and perky. The aspects of Threes that really shine forth are the wine options and draught beers. Tons of local brews ranging from NoDa, Birdsong, Triple C, OMB, and others. Though I'm not much of a wine drinker, the space lends itself well to lounging about with a glass or splitting a bottle amongst friends. Love that the wine racks are out in the dining area. It has a feel like you are in someone's den rather than a restaurant. Also, just as a sidenote, and the fact that I'm a bit of a notable bathroom seeker, Threes has Dyson Air Blade hand dryers in the restrooms. Now, if you've never experienced one of these bad boys, you're in for a treat. The most efficient way to dry your hands and one of life's simple joys. Each time I visit the restroom here, I always smile knowing I get to use it. Odd? No. Smart hand drying? Oh, yes. Also, I've heard they have sushi here in the evenings and I'm looking forward to coming back to try it out.
5	Great staff!  Warm, inviting environment.  That capped off by wonderful menu makes it easy to enjoy and entertain. I had business associates from Europe in Charlotte for a fees days. We had a great, relaxed, closing dinner at Threes. Will definitely be back!
4	Threes is doing well in the aftermath of Press. The expanded menu is great- their lunch sandwiches and salads are awesome. I haven't tried their new full size entrees yet. The wine selection is smaller but we have still been happy with the choices. The only complaint I have is that service can be slow sometimes- but if you liked Press, then I'm sure you were used to it.
4	went for the first time recently and had a really good experience.  cool place, good food/wine. try the shrimp and grits!
4	The service was good and the seats comfortable. Once you eat at a table, retire to the comfy chairs. For me this is a good group hang out. The Saturday night entertainer was fun, a little loud for my taste, but ok. I love the Sushi, I got the Caterpillar crunchy spicy shrimp and it was wonderful. Very pretty presentation.The server (male) seems to forget me since the bar, where he spends allot of his time, is three rows of seating away. Other than that I like it.
4	This hipster wine, salad and sandwich shop is in the former Press space, and everyone I met in Charlotte still refers to it as Press. Food and drinks are inexpensive and delicious and they also have a great assortment of microbrewery bottled beers. Threes is an excellent lunch choice, whether you're eating in or taking out.
4	I have been going to Threes since it was Press and have to say that I am a big fan. When it was Press my girlfriends and I discovered it during a walk around Uptown (we'd just moved down from NYC so expectations where high for restaurants). It looked cute and we ladies love sushi so we decided to give it a whirl. I have to say that the sushi was some of the best we had tried in Charlotte and we LOVED that you could pick out your own wine. We decided then and there that it would be our hidden gem. A real date place or girl's night out kind of spot we could take our visiting friends to. Five years have passed and we are still returning customers to what is now called Threes (have to admit the name change threw us for a loop and we were devastated, standing on the street corner, thinking our beloved "hidden gem" had disappeared).The menu has been updated and the inside has received a nice face lift (not that the old look was bad but who doesn't love a good update every now and then right?). I'm still a die-hard lover of their sushi and keep telling myself that I need to venture out of my comfort zone and try some things on the rest of the menu. Without dragging this on I'm going to lay out the Pros in bullet form:- Sushi (delicious and for those who like spicy I've heard their spicier sushi is delish)- The customer service has also gotten a face lift (I know some people have said the service can be slow but that hasn't ever been a huge issue for me). This past weekend the waiter who served my friends and I remembered the wine we had last time! So yeah....we go a lot. - The wine selection is great and I love being able to pick out my own bottle - but someone is always there to help if need be- Location - solid spot just outside of Uptown. If you get a table outside the views are great and the people watching can be even better :) - Sushi (I know....I really need to venture outside of my comfort zone....next time. I promise). I can't give it five stars QUITE yet because as I've said I haven't tried everything on the menu. That's next up on my list so who knows...this review could also get a facelift :)
4	3.5 stars, rounding up to 4 for consistently good and friendly service. Review for lunch only. After about 20 visits, my take is that the grub is quite solid but overpriced (8 bucks or so for a sandwich).  Obviously I've kept coming back, but often it's a matter of convenience as it's right next to my office building.  Try the California chicken BLT or the Bahn Mi.  The sign on the outside says sushi, but I've never seen it. Seems like a solid wine bar, too, but I never feel like hanging around uptown after I'm done with work so I don't really know.
5	One of the few wine lounges in Charlotte that has good seating and a great selection of wine. Very loungy which I love. Food menu really doesnt impress me enough to try.
1	Unimpressed with having to wait more than 10 minutes for anybody to acknowledge our table. On lunch break and pressed for time; person who turned out to be our waiter clearly saw us with no drinks, menus down yet couldn't rush away fast enough (twice!) when eye contact was made. Food delivered to table by the host who had seated us which we then had to switch with one another because he didn't know who ordered what (party of two). Lunch menu looked interesting enough and prices were reasonable; however as another reviewer mentioned, I'd rather spend my money next door at King's Kitchen. Definitely an instance of mediocre to poor customer service outweighing the possibility of excellent food. Not likely to return.
1	I went here last night for drinks and the service was terrible. The minute we were seated it seemed like our server was rushing us to leave because they weren't busy. At about 11pm, there were a few other people in the restaurant, and the site says it doesn't close until 12 however they turned on the lights and turned off the music and started cleaning up while we were still finishing our wine. We asked for waters and the server said "to go?"  I will definitely not be returning to this place.
