2	I just came back from trying kfc fairly new grilled chicken.Well my timing was bad 5 pm .It was very busy and i had to wait about 40 minutes for my order of grilled chicken. I am not going to mention the side dishes i had because they were normal (what you get from kfc)side dishes.I am a big fan of there chicken.Well i should say there regular chicken.The grilled chicken was two star at most. It was very greasy and not much flavor .It would be nice if they at least put bbq sauce on it.On saying that i still am a fan of kfc just not the grilled chicken.
1	After a few visits that were far from exciting, I decided to give them another chance.  It was on the fly, had a group of teen girls that needed fed.  I ordered the 20 pc meal, 2 mash, 2 slaw, and 1 mac.  The sides were fine, yet hard to screw up pre-made side items.  The biscuits were hot, yet oddly enough....Half of them were only the top half.  The chicken, the meat of the meal and matter, was 11 thighs, 2 breasts, 3 legs, and 1 wing.....An odd bird, considering it should have been a straight 5 pieces each.  My family doesn't really care for the thighs, daughter likes legs and wings, wife and I are breast people (yes, I know how that sounds).  We figured the dogs would like the thighs, so you can imagine our thought when the one piece we were tolerating dominated the bunch.I walked back in the store, and everyone that has ever worked behind a restaurant counter KNOWS, that when a strange person walks into the store with restaurant bags....It isn't a good sign.  So when she asked what I wanted, I politely asked for the MOD.  She didn't understand, I asked again but for the Manager on Duty.  She still did not or choose not to understand me.  I then asked 6 more times, it was a really bad game of whose on first.  To the point that the other customers were laughing.  The General manager came out, and I explained the situation.  He politely said he would fix the situation.  Packed up 5 breasts and sent me on my way.  I wasn't thrilled, but didn't want to waste my day on this.Upon arriving home, finally getting the chance to eat myself, I put one on the plate with some mashed.  The exterior of the chicken looked fine, but the minute I took a bit and started to chew, the rancid flavor and odor hit me.  After excusing myself for thirty minutes to the bathroom, I returned to examine the chicken.  The exterior and 1/2 inch into the chicken looked normal.  The remaining interior of the chicken was a complete mushy mess....That chicken was so far from it's sell by date that I can't believe I didn't catch it on first examination.  I will say though, it has been hours, and I still have not been able to get that taste out of my mouth or get my stomach settled.....And I was in the Army, and have a pretty tough stomach, but rotten chicken....Now to add insult to injury, I was exceedingly polite to both the drive thru teller for the extreme wait, and the store manager because I explained to them that I once was a KFC GM and DM.  So I knew what it was like to be in their shoes.  So if anything I hope this review has a bit more weight, I know what the standards are at KFC and know that this location falls far short of them, to the point of it being a safety issue.What is sad, this cost forty bucks, 2 hours of my time and who knows how long to recover.  It was a far cry from Hot, Fresh, and Fast.  Just glad I got to the rancid chicken before my family did.
3	The waits at the drive thru used to be terrible, however recently it doesn't seem that bad. I like to get the grilled chicken... it's pretty tasty.
1	No chicken at kfc. Seriously at 9pm on a weekday I pulled up to the drive-thru and was presented with a mumbling unintelligible female voice stating that they were, "out of chicken, but if I wanted to wait 20 minutes they would make some more." I responded all chicken? Your out of all chicken? To which she responded, "yeah." Wow, what an experience a KFC with no Chicken.
2	Chicken was good. Staff was friendly, but! Coleslaw tasted different than other KFC resteraunts I have been to. And 24 dollars for a 10 piece meal is ridiculous! Hopefully KFC solves these issues! And maybe thinks of a special. This is a poor part of town. If I was feeding more than 2 people 10 piece meal wouldn't be enough, and would be too pricey for a bigger family!
1	Absolutely disgusting. After waiting in the drive thru for over 15 minutes with only one car ahead of me I assumed they must have been making something fresh. Boy was I wrong!! The chicken was soggy and slimy. I couldn't eat it. So I went to continue on to my mac n cheese and mashed potatoes... No utensils! I got 15 napkins, 9 packets of hot sauce and 11 packets of honey sauce (actual count) but no utensils! Just go ahead and close this location already!
1	My roommate and I ordered separately. I ordered a 2 piece, he ordered a 3 piece. The cashier was friendly, but the dude putting the orders together mixed them up, giving me a 3 piece. I know some of you are thinking why I didn't just take the free piece, but I was raised better than that so I didn't. When we tried to tell him the mistake, he got all pissy and copped an attitude with us! Hello! We're trying to fix YOUR mistake!! Even his co-workers were trying to tell him I only ordered a 2 piece. The food was good, but his attitude completely ruined it. We'll go to the Church's Chicken across the street next time.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star but I want to post a review. This place is nasty dirty and the thing working the drive through looks like madea. never go there I'm telling you ya gotta believe me. This is my first review and I felt I had let everyone know how bad this place is. And this place stinks.
1	Just an awful restaurant. My order was incorrect and I was overcharged. So then after waiting forever in line I get to the window to find out I'm being charged for stuff I did not order! Geeze! It was so frustrating I had just gotten out if work and wanted to grab good and go home! So after trying to explain my order for the third time I was just fed up, so I told the guy that I didn't want anything that I would go somewhere else and proceeded to drive off. He sticks his head out of the window and yells "NEXT TIME DONT SMOKE BEFORE YOU GO ORDER FOOD!" Seriously the nerve! I had just worked a ten hour shift this guy was way out of line and highly unprofessional! Who hires these people!? I will never go back there, and with the service they provide I would not recommend anyone else to.
