2	I had just received a coupon from Starbuck's for $10 off a $30 purchase at Teavana, so I decided to buy some tea for my husband as a present. (The tea at Teavana is good but really expensive, so we definitely consider it an indulgence.) I get to the store (3pm, 5/23/2013), and I'm checking out the samples outside the store when a saleswoman comes up to me and starts telling me all about the teas. She was very salesy, spoke in an overly aggressive  tone, and couldn't read that I wanted some space to check things out on my own, but whatever - I realized that she was trying to do her job. But then she kept getting under my feet and butting in after I told her that I just wanted to look around. At the counter she shooed another employee away when it was my turn, which definitely made me feel like she's working on commission. She then proceeded to try to up-sell me on everything. She automatically put my purchase in the $7 containers rather than letting me know that she could have put them in regular bags. She measured out 2.5 oz instead of the 2.0 that I originally asked for (though, to be fair, she asked if that was ok & I said yes), and when I asked her to put my tea into bags instead of the canisters, she (very loudly) tried to make me feel cheap by announcing that "you're already saving $10." Other customers turned around and looked when she said this. I don't like being made to feel like I'm not spending enough when I just blew $35 on TEA, after the discount. The name on receipt says her name is Stephanie, though I don't know if that's right. There was another gal there who had helped me out the last time I was there, and she was FANTASTIC. She took time, answered my questions, and wasn't pushy. I wish she hadn't already been busy helping someone else; it would have been a completely different experience. As it was, I walked away feeling lousy that I had just spent so much money instead of feeling excited to surprise my husband.
2	Very pushy staff - tried a sample and ended up spending almost $40 on tea. The tea was wonderful, but the price was not mentioned to me until I was standing at the counter and my salesman was trying to tell me I needed to keep my tea in a "very special" container that he was going to fill for me. During that sales pitch I noticed the price for the tea on the container he was holding - 24.95 for 2 oz! I immediately mentioned the price and he acted like it was no big deal. I do take some responsibility for not stopping him right there and walking out but I honestly couldn't get a word in and the next thing I knew was walking out with the most expensive tea I will ever own. Never ever walking past their entrance again!
