4	Another build-your-burger chain? Yes!Is it different from the rest? Yes!For those not aware - Cheeburger Cheeburger is a fairly large US chain that is now expanding with franchises into Canada. This location is their first. The decor is that of a 1950's diner. But with a lot of pink on the wall!My friend and I went on the second day after opening - so the wait staff was a little slow and rusty on the menu. I'll give them the benefit and hold back any comments on service for another time. I did however enjoy the owner (sitting at the table next to us) ask if we had been served yet - and sent over a waiter.I ordered the Semi-Serious, with provolone cheese, and an array of condiments (all free), cooked medium-well. The burger came served on a nice warm bun and was great. A great thing is that all of their beef is locally grown and processed.Along with the burger, my friend and I shared a "Best of Both" medium basket - That's half fries and half onion rings. The onion rings were the best we had ever tasted! Nice and crunchy and not too oily. Their fries and onion rings are cooked in peanut oil. So if you are allergic - be warned.For drinks - as in true fashion of a 50's diner. There are a lot of fountain drinks. Aside from the brand name pops (Coke, Sprite..) , they also have VanillaCola, CherryCola, ChocoCola, Rootbeer floats, Dr. Pepper Floats and more. All soft drinks are served in mason jars! Another popular menu item are their shakes. With over 300,000 possible combinations - can you really say there is a favorite? With all the food we had. We decided to put off the shakes for our next visit..
5	I haven't reviewed Cheeburger Cheeburger yet? Shame, for shame. So here goes.It's a build yer own burger joint. But hot damn is it awesome. You have the Chassis. Start with a delicious glossy moist bun. The patty, anything from 1/3 of a pound to the full-pounder. On that you can pick from an impressive array of cheeses and like the menu says, you can have it without cheese but why would you? This is followed by a plethora of free toppings and not-so-free topping, but worth every extra penny because you can go freaking nuts on the combination possibilities.I had the semi serious, which is 1/3 of a pound and opted to slap some bacon and a fried egg, with mayo, ketchup and American Cheese. It was crazy good. The patty was piping hot, well seasoned, moist, fatty and delicious. The toppings were amazing. The bun is simply AMAZING. I had a side of Onion Rings. The only thing I can say that's wrong about the rings is that the onions were not allowed to dehydrate overnight after being cut, when that's not done, the moisture makes the batter mushy. But they were still awesome. The fries.... poor, poor Americans. They couldn't make good French fries to save their lives. I've eaten all over in the states and only at the Navy Yard's Bistro did I find good fries, otherwise, they are always dry and crunchy. But they weren't bed, just not how I like me some fries.All sides (fries and rings) come with a choice of 5 dipping sauces. I of course hit the melted cheese sauce... you can dip the last remains of the burger into it as well.Wait it gets better. Made to order soft drinks served in Masson jars. Cherry Coke in a Masson jar.... just perfect. But wait again, it gets even better. Homemade milkshakes. Tasty, cool, delicious shakes, about 30 different types. I love me a good shake.Tacky 50's decor which is cool, great service, supremely nice owner, trivial pursuit cards with the condiment tray, 50's music, lotsa pink and what is currently the best burger experience in Montreal. Nothing else comes close to it. So despite some very minor blunders, it's SERIOUS 5 outta 5
5	I came here with my husband and two of my girlfriends and it was unanimous!--This place rocks! It has a casual, laid back atmosphere, and the staff is friendly and helpful. If you're in the mood for a REAL American style burger this is the spot!! The decor is right out of an American movie...retro chairs and tables, as well as the 1950's American cardboard car models used to serve fries or other. Your food comes in baskets, and your burgers are topped with olives! Flashback to NJ. The menu is varied enough to satisfy everyone, including picky customers. You can play trivia games while you wait for your food, and the kids can express their talent with colored crayons and paper.You can choose the size of your meat patty, as well as your toppings, and cheese. I had a hot-dog and it was amazing!! The others ordered a variety of burgers, and loved their meals too. Fantastic onion rings, and topped it off with a small vanilla shake! YUM!!! Spoke briefly with the owner who is an American transplant who's lived in Montreal for the past 20 years. They have a chain of these in the USA, and this is the first location in Canada. Loved everything about this place. A definite do!
4	Since I first started seeing the sign for the grand opening of Cheeburger Cheeburger, I was curious to try out this American burger chain in its first imported restaurant to Canada. What you also need to know is that burgers are really my favourite meal so when a friend of mine agreed to join me to try this place out, needless to say, I was quite excited. The decor was mentioned in most of the reviews I read so I won't bore you with the hot pink walls, cardboard cutouts of old cars and such. I will focus on the food instead and the main reason I wasn't able to give Cheeburger 5 stars.I ordered with 1/3 pound burger and was very pleased with both the patty and bun. It was hard for me to choose my toppings, so I might have overdone it in that respect. Next time, I will make sure to keep the toppings simple in order for me to enjoy the patty, bread and cheese a little more. As the saying goes, sometimes too much is just not enough. We got to try both the fries and onion rings and I enjoyed both, even though I'm not a huge onion ring fan. The batter on the onion rings was crunchy and tasty and the fries were also very good, although just a little too salty.All in all, I was very satisfied with Cheeburger Cheeburger, but the one thing that stops me from giving this burger joint 5 stars is the price. A burger, fries/onion ring combo basket, soft drink and small milk shake and I ended up paying 30$. Somehow I feel like I just got screwed by inflation. I'm at a 50s style dinner, yet I'm paying 30$ for my meal; it just didn't feel right. I don't expect to pay 50s prices, but something in the 15-20$ range would be better.
3	A burger-building 50's joint? Attached to an upscale mall? In Montreal?!Yeah, consider me surprised too.The basic gist with this place is that you're ordering a Cheeseburger. Sure, there are various exceptions, but that's what they will assume out of the gate. You pick how big you want to be (from regular human to "I challenge you!", effectively) and load it up with whatever toppings float your boat. Onion rings and pepperoni? Sure, why not? Fries and/or poutine are ordered seperately.(The expensive toppings (bacon, eggs, etc.) are extra, like every other burger joint in Montreal.)I'll give the staff a pass. Sure, they seem hamstrung by 10 year old ordering devices. And yes, they still managed to not give me the exact burger I ordered. But they were friendly, responsive, and more than a little rushed.The real achilles heel of Cheeburger? It's the bun. It tastes great, but collapses under the moisture of its toppings. Eating a "Cheeburger" is a fight against time, as wet vegetables and sauces turn your bun into a disintegrating puck.  After less than a minute my burger was dripping out entire toppings to the plate. They seem to recognize this, endowing each table with a paper-towel roll, but I'm fairly certain I'll attack next time with a fork and not my hands.That's right - next time. There's nothing about the bun that can distract from the fact that Cheeburger makes a really good burger. Drop a few of the wet veggies, and maybe it's a top three burger in Montreal. That's worth a shot, right?
5	It feels like a programmer designed the menus.  Let me explain.Order a burger, and add any combination of 30+ different toppings (most of them free to add).You want a salad?  They have a serious combination ofYou want a shake?  20+ options in any combination, you think of it, they have it.  Really wish they had a working website so I could link to it.You select whatever inputs you can think of and 8-10 minutes later the output is something amazing.If you're an indecisive person, I wouldn't come here.If you like surprises, I wonder if you could come here and tell them "you decide".
3	Overpriced, but filling portions.  The Cheeburger Platter was decent value, but the onion rings were far too salty.  Good thing I had a float to wash it down. Someday, restos will stop serving those horrid, indigestible white bread buns, too.Noisy, youthful crowd.Interesting music choices; they play '60s ye-ye tunes mixed with American oldies hits.Friendly staff, though.
2	This is a American style diner, or at least it tried to be. Unfortunately the meat did not have any taste which is weird because they provide you with their own seasoning at the table (I wish they would have put the seasoning in the meat)You are given many options for toppings but they don't put much. The cheese wasn't even melted. They say the burger takes 15 minutes but it took a little less than 10 minutes which makes me think it's more of a fast food joint than a sit down restaurant. The fries were also disappointing since they were soggy and tasteless. I was ready to give this place 3 stars but the thing that ruined it for me was that the soap in the bathroom was watered down!! Why would anyone do that?! I mean do you really save that much from the soap?!Overall the experience was disappointing since I had seen many good reviews on yelp. I want to say that my bad experience was due to a one time error but it's gonna be hard to come back here again, especially because the price is a little too high.
4	So last night was one of those nights, where I didn't feel like cooking for myself or even less cleaning the leftover mess. I had promised myself that I would try Cheeburger since I had begun following them on twitter last week ( http://twitter.com/CheeburgerMTL ) I made my way over there around 7:30 PM after having spent just enough time sitting in front of my laptop replying to emails and making like what I do will save the world. I have to say that on a dark rainy evening in January Cheeburgers's store front doesn't exactly scream "Here I am" as I drove by it without even noticing it on my first go around the block, even after parking and walking up the road it still didn't jump out at me. Once I'd found it and made my way in I was greeted by a very friendly staff member who said hello and then asked me where I would prefer to sit as the place was almost empty, as one would expect on a rainy Monday evening. I pointed towards the counter and she promptly said that I would have a great view of the kitchen from there, with an enthusiastic tone.I sat down and the waitress asked if it was my first time here, I said yes and she opened the menu in front of me and gave me a crash course in Cheeburger.The menu isn't particularly complicated with 4 different sized burgers and a variety of wraps and sandwiches, not to mention Onion rings and fries. The impressive part is the list of cheese and condiments (most free) that are listed, you know they have lots of condiments when Peanut Butter is on the  list. I ordered a classic burger with Swiss, guacamole, hot peppers and pickle http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RK5YJ01Rla3nLOTe7JPktA?select=Ek6X-g3e-T3cv4lalvuL6A  . As I mentioned I follow Cheeburger on Twitter and one of the things they tweet is a weekly promotion, last week you got a free milkshake when you mentioned the magic word, this week it was a free beer when you said Yummy.I said Yummy!My Beer arrived with a frosty cold glass (nice touch) about 10 minutes before my burger and fries but once the burger arrived I almost forgot the beer was there! I'm not a big eater quantity wise but I love burgers and I always find that most burger place try to make up for so so meat by giving you a massive burger but not this place. I ordered the smallest size, the "Original" cooked medium expecting the same thing as in most burger joints, an overcooked tough patty but was I wrong! My burger arrived cooked exactly the way I had asked and when I was done I wanted to order another one, good thing I had some fries because if I hadn't I would have ordered a second one for sure. As for the fries they nice and crispy cooked in peanut oil to give them the nice old fashion flavour but next to the burger they didn't stand out, which in my opinion is a good thing. The fries should never out shine the burger.Since I had the free beer on this visit I didn't get a chance to try the milkshakes but if I the variety of flavours available on the menu is any indication I would suggest giving them a try, I plan on it next time I stop in for a burger.The decor is vintage American diner, with lots of stainless steel and neon lights, in this case all the neon's are pink giving the place a pink Cadillac feel. I'm not a huge fan of the pink but that's just my taste and and really isn't a draw back since other then that the place is clean and well kept, the staff are courteous and efficient , the food is excellent and they have something for everyone, except maybe vegetarians.I think what I appreciate most about Cheeburger is the fact that all they are trying to be is a burger place, plain and simple, no pretentiousness, just good food. Next time you're in the downtown core shopping step out of the underground maze of shopping centers and give this place a try.
2	I had a Groupon voucher for this restaurant, and I went with my husband. I thought the burger was okay, but my husband was not happy. The bun is almost three times the size of the patty. The toppings? Most of them are actually sauces, not toppings. If we had to choose between Cheeburger Cheeburger or Harvey's, we'd pick Harvey's. Cheeburger was also pretty expensive. We got nothing extra at all, not even a beverage and it was still about $25.00. We were placed right by the door and it was freezing each time someone opened the door to come in or leave (although it wasn't all that busy). Not a great experience and we won't go back again. Sorry Cheeburger Cheeburger!
4	I showed up here about 15mins before closing time, and got brusque but friendly service.I went with a burger and a mushroom poutine. The burger was solid, and I would definitely go back and eat there again.The menu has a ridiculous amount if toppings available to choose from, and so I don't remember exactly what I got. I've come to expect a large number of topping options here in North America, but even with high expectations this place killed it with the toppings.The poutines have a decent selection of ingredients to choose from too, and I really rate their mushroom version. The gravy was thick and dark, which I'm a big fan of - if you've never tried a poutine in Quebec, ignore that last sentence and just know it's good.The decor is 50's/60's burger joint (with lots of neon lighting), which is pretty par for the course these days (not bad, but not good).Just remember there's no 'S' in the name of this place! I'd been thinking of going here for a month before I realised that it's "Chee"burger - what's with that?!
1	This is by far the worst burger place in Montreal.. Me and my boyfriend were extremely excited to try this chain brought to Canada for weeks only to be greatly disappointed. So we both ordered a burger with the best of both basket ( onion rings and fries ) and we were expecting something quite delicious , what we got was probably the greasiest , most soggiest , lackluster burger that we could have ever imagined.  The onion rings and fries were a soggy mess. You couldn't even tell that it was an onion ring. That's how sloppy and disgusting everything was. Besides that , just for 2 burgers with the basket of onion rings and fries it came to more than 30 $$.. You could get the same thing , but with actual taste at so many other places like Burger de Ville , or Burger Bar Crescent for less than 15 $. Not to mention they forgot to give us our 3 sauces that we paid almost 2 $ each for from takeout. Will not go back and honestly if any of you guys are thinking of going there , we would definitely recommend you to pass.    F-!!!
3	Decor is 1950s diner, boring! Sat down to an explanation of the menu. Basically you choose the size of burger, your choice of medium, medium-well or well done (but basically medium-well to well done, the medium wasn't.) You order your burger and add to that the toppings that you want. One type of cheese from a selection, all the toppings except for a few that are extra, like sauteed onions or mushrooms are $1.49 and bacon is $1.79! They have malts, sodas and shakes. The soda menu basically consists of soda water and Monin sodas along with some pepsi products including cherry, vanilla and chocolate cola. The malt and shake menus are the most interesting including three different blueberry shakes (blueberry, blueberry cheesecake and blueberry pie.) My burger was overcooked. The pepperoni was really of low quality, I suggest not ordering it. I don't even want to know who orders the peanut butter on their burger! And I really don't understand why it's an extra $1.49 for onions that are put on the grill at the same time as burger to make sauteed onions.Service was fine. The seating was fine. Basically it's an acceptable burger joint with good table service. Is this Montreal's best burger? Nope! But it's a nice choice if you are down in the area, especially if you want a great milk shake. In fact, I would recommend them for the shake more than the burger.
5	Best burgers I've tasted since I got to Montreal (only 2 months ago). The fact that you make your own burger and choose the size according to how hungry you are during your visit is a huge plus. The french fries are fried with the potato skins and are a little bit spicy which are delicious also.
3	Update, the  location is closed and the doors are boarded shut.
1	The worst burger I have had in a long time. Took forever to get food. Quality was so bad. Ordered my burger medium and it came closer to resembling a hockey puck than food.
3	We had a friend's birthday party here, and we were a large group of over 20.  The restaurant was packed not to mention really pink inside. I was the only one of over 20 people to order the veggie burger, and it was tasty! You get to pick a selection of ingredients to add to your burger and I chose fried onion ring, black olives, guacamole and roasted red peppers and you also get to choose the type of cheese you wanted (Pepper Jack was my choice). Around the table people chose from the classic burger all the way up to the 3/4 pound burger. (There is the 1 pound burger as well) Considering the size of the group, our serve did their best to accommodate us, and our food came out quicker than we though.According to the birthday kid Milkshakes were amazing there, but due to the volume of clients, it seems that they ran out of milkshakes, for a few at our table. I think I would like to go back to see what regular service would be like if we were say a table of 4-6 instead.
2	Cheeburger Cheeburger.  Very fun name to say in it's own right.  Unfortunately the "Cheeburgers" here are just about the worst I have ever tasted... But let me digress for a moment and start with the good before the ice storm cometh.  Everything but the burgers are fantastic.  The french fries are the home pressed kind not skimping on that wonderful earthy irony flavor of fresh potato skin.  the onion ring remind me of the drive-up diners I went to as a kid.  Crispy, flavorful, thin, and easy on the greasy.  Their list of shakes and malts is a bit jaw dropping.  My wife was so excited to order one... until we got our burgers.  Folks, it is pretty damn hard to mess up a hamburger.  Anyone who has ever flipped a patty on their home grill or stove-top should attest, it's as easy as 1.season meat (salt, pepper, onion powder is great for burgers and steaks... if you want to add a little bit of fancy add 2 egg yolks separated) 2.  shape meat.  3 put meat on and flip meat before it turns into a cinder block.  They got at least half a point here.. it wasn't a lump of coal in my Christmas stocking, but with zero flavor, and a texture reminiscent of the Sahara dessert?  I quit.  As great as EVERYTHING ELSE ON THE MENU IS... they fail at their namesake and ultimately lose my business and my approval in a review.  To be clear though, the fries and sides were good enough to land this a hard given 2 out of 5.
