5	This store is like walking back into my childhood. So many memories of playing with these toys. Great shop for collectors!
5	This store is Amazing cute with all of the old school collectible toys that are a real pleasure to see again!. My sweetheart and I drove by here today and noticed it so of course we had to turn around to stop in and check it out.It has only been open for one month so is new on the block. It is a smaller store however jam packed with great old school toys in great condition as that is very important to them the sweet employee stated. They have a big mix of different toy collections from Transformers to Felix the cat.They buy and sell as today the employee pointed out that she just purchased extra large figures of batman and robin which were very cool and something I had not seen before.They even had one of my very favorite original mini transformers autobots that I had owned when I was a kid.They also had an original star scream decepticon that my sweetheart also owned as a child. They were asking $85.00 bucks for it so I was joking with him that I bet he wishes he had kept his old toys as some of them are worth something nowadays. lolI noticed that a lot of their toys have the original parts and/or instruction manuals and that is really neat!Anyhow this is a very cute store and worth a trip to check it out for sure.The adorable young lady behind the counter was a real sweetie and it was a joy talking with her as well.Check it out for a blast from the past!
5	I know I'm gonna get a lot of attention for this but I'm gonna be the one to say it.  This place is the #1 place in Las Vegas to find your toys that you grew up with at a reasonable price and is wayyyyyyyy better than Toy Shack.  Yup I said way better.  When I first saw the shop I thought to myself, "oh it's a small shop, they probably don't have that much stuff that I'm looking for".  Well my Grandpa always said don't judge a book by its cover and I was wrong, they had everything I wanted.  I'm a huge collector of G.I. Joe, DC Comics Superfriends, Transfomers, and He-Man.  And they had them and more!!! I was greeted by Steve.  One of the nicest guys I ever met.  I was hypnotized to see that he had the original Skeletor figure and not only did he have it, it was complete with all its accessories.  He explained to me if I have a figure that was missing accessories, he would find it for you.  This guy goes out on his way to find whatever you need no matter if its a figure your looking for or if one of your G.I. Joe figures is missing a gun he will find it for you.  And yes I bought the evil Skeletor which you can see the picture here on this business page.  Better yet the prices are so reasonable!!! They sell it to you for what it's actually worth unlike Toy Shack where they price for over market value.  Steve the owner said it best, He opened this shop for the collectors.  I'm fully supporting Rouge Toys, and will help them get their name out to be the #1 place for collectibles.  If you want to relieve your childhood or regret that time you where playing with your megatron figure in the backyard and you forgot where you buried him,  this is the place to be.
5	I went here the other day when I was in town to go to a concert. I went to the toy shack looking for vintage toys recommended from a friend. Horrible experience.I went back to my motel. After searching on the net I found rogue toys. The website opened a Facebook link.  But, they showed actual pictures of classic toys. I drove back to the store. I went in and was greeted by a great lady. After searching the store I found some 1983 GI Joes.  Great price. Complete and all joints were strong. Every piece I picked up off the shelf were top quality. Every time I visit from Salt Lake this will be one of my first stops. Thanks Rogue Toys.
4	This is a great little place, i bumped into it while walking on the strip and i was blown away. It's a really small store and you can almost miss it, but don't let that fool you, you'll find most of your childhood goodies at an extraordinary price. I wouldn't doubt to say this is the best toy store in vegas for vintage nostalgia. There's he-man, g i joe, ninja turtles, mask, the simpsons, transformers, you name it. And chances are you'll find them cheaper than in any other place. Check this store out, you win't regret it!!
5	This place is amazing. So many amazing toys that I loved as a kid. The owner is really cool and it was great just sitting and talking with him. This was honestly my favorite place I went in vegas. And all his prices are reasonable and he isnt charging an arm and a leg for his stuff.
5	Well worth the trip . We went out today based on Yelp ratings and was very pleased it meet our every expectation. Not the biggest shop but jam packed layers deep with lots of cool toys. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful and while I had no direct questions I did listen to the the guy give a very detailed description on some marvel figures so they know there stuff. Price was a huge bonus, lower overheads may help but not being greedy makes this a place 5 stars.
5	Chris A. is 100% correct. Rogue Toys is the best toy store in Vegas and is a great store for collectors. Even though the store is small, they find a way to fill every nook and cranny with a great variety of toys. The staff is great and prices are very reasonable. We go at least once a month as my kids (and I) love the place. A must see place for locals and tourists.
5	This store is Amazing!!!  Steve and his family have put together the most eclectic collection of toys to sell in the area.  If you are in town and are a toy enthusiast, this is a must stop shop!
5	Best toy shop in vegas, bought a match box Lesley car which was reasonably priced loaded of others great items would defo go bk when in vegas next time :) 100% best!
4	Shop owners were great and very knowledgeable about their selection, the history and what they have seen available. Apparently they list on Facebook as well which brings in a bunch of traffic. Mentioned opening a new store soon so will see some different stock once that happens. This store is expected to be 75% or higher for nostalgic collectors.
5	Ryan helped us today and he was fantastic. Very knowledgeable and to the point. This felt more like an experience than a sale. Good selection. We will definitely be back! I left with a Polly pocket I had as a child :)
5	Wanna re-live your youth? Then come here!! They have EVERYTHING. Properly priced and friendly staff. This is a hidden gem of awesomeness.
5	If you want to take a trip down memory lane... this is the place.  This store had all the toys that I remember having as a child [GI Joes, TMNT, Transformers, He-Man, Voltron, Trolls, etc.] The person that was working there was really, really knowledgeable - which I LOVED! I could tell he was passionate about each toy and was able to answer every question I had.  The prices were pretty fair and reasonable. I ended up buying many toys of my youth.  It was totally worth it and every time I see those toys it makes me happy and brings me back to simpler times :)
3	PROS: Great selectionDecent prices on most itemsKnowledgable staffCONS:Trades & Sales - Beware, his offer for trades are low balled and resold at a VERY high mark up. I understand he's got a business to run but it stings when I see one of my items marked at $90 and all he gave me was $90 in credit for 9 items.
