4	Stopped by on the second day they were open, but it already feels like they've been here forever! Decor is sparse but comfortable, they've got a respectable amount of beers on tap as well as in bottles, but let's get to the important part.The pizza is darn good. I got the carbonara, one of my friends got the fig and gorgonzola, the other got a salad, and we all split the burrata appetizer. The burrata was definitely the stand out-so creamy and fresh! Paired with roasted garlic, toasty bread, and cucumbers, it was definitely worth it! My carbonara was also delicious. The eggs wre a bit more raw than I like, but I also don't usually go for runny eggs with brunch so I'm probably in the minority there. The bacon was awesome, and the arugala was a great touch! Tried the fig and gorgonzola, and it would be perfect for those who love the combo of savory and sweet. Not my jam, but I still enjoyed it regardless! Can't really comment on the salad other than it looked fresh, but why would you go for that when you could get pizza??All in all, I know where I'm going now when I am craving an unique pizza in Madison!
5	Salvatore's is HERE IN MADISON! Woohoo, the Yelp favorite pizza is here!! Let's cheer! No more driving to Sun Prairie for Salvatores!I was surprised by the size of Salvatore's, maybe 8 tables or so, and the bar area is small. So, I was really thankful to visit on a weekday, when I didn't need to wait for seats, and food didn't take too long to arrive. If you're lost, it's right next to Johnson Public House, and have pizza board with skulls saying Wisco on them (So hipster :p)!The menu has great selections - lots of appetizers, make your own pizza, specialty pizza and tacos!!! Pretty excited about all these things. Also, there's a good selection of beer and non-alcoholic drinks. I loved the carbonara pizza - eggs, bacon, cheese. my FAVORITE THINGS. AND, how is it possible that ALL 3 eggs were RUNNY. Such an amazing creamy, rich flavor with runny yolks! The crust of the pizza is thin crust, though not italian thin, but has great chew to it. (P.S. the ~8"/$14 pizza was so big, we had some leftovers; the leftovers were AMAZING. just heat them up in the oven. oooohhhhh good)We also tried the bacon and cheese bread (even though it was similar to our pizza..), the sriracha sauce added some much flavor and depth! LOVE IT. Definitely gonna be visiting very soon again! How about some delivery very soon??? Please? :D
4	This might be the best pizza in Madison. I'd never had Salvatore's before, and I have to say, it was delicious. We got the burrata appetizer and the Carbonara Pizza. Both were wonderful. The burrata was fresh and refreshing. Which was a good starter before the Carbonara. The pizza was rich and delicious. The egg on it was perfectly done, which is an accomplishment.The beer list is great for such a small place. They have a lot of local crafts, as well as craft beers from other places in the Midwest (Three Floyds, Founders, ect.)  The only reason I can't quite give the place 5 stars yet is the atmosphere. It is a cramped place which is too bad because I'm sure it is only going to get busier. We had to wait 1 hour on a Tuesday (which turned out to be actually shorter than waits at other pizza places in town that night). That doesn't bother me as much, but the wait staff did seem a bit flustered with the bustle. My guess it is new restaurant jitters and that this place will be THE place soon.
5	Another pizza place to add to my list of favorites! Before coming to Madison I'd never dreamt that pizza could be this good. I have heard all about Salvatore's but I'd never tried it before, the Sun Prairie location is just too far out of the way for me. But the people there must have heard me (and other pizza-lovers like me!!), and so they open an outlet here. Thanks to my co-worker I got to know about their opening and off we went on their second day. For being a new place they were pretty busy. It was a nice and cozy restaurant on the east side (about 7 or so tables with a small bar area). Ordered the popular Carbonara pizza and it didn't disappoint. Runny egg yolks (3 eggs!!) and smooth egg whites right on top of the pizza. With mushrooms and bacon. With all the eggs on the pizza the crust is still super crispy. Enjoyed every moment of it. The small pizza was enough to share between two people. But we were greedy so we also had the bruchetta as the appetizer. Fresh house made mozzarella with dipping bread, roasted garlic and greens on the side. I love how light the cheese is, it goes really well with the pizza. I am so excited about Salvatore's. Can't wait to be back again for more!!
5	"Finally" would be the right word. It's "finally" for those who went to its other location, and it's "finally" for me, as I have been looking for a pizza to call my own in Madison for almost two years now. But it also isn't "finally" in that Sal's needs to get on a west side location ASAP.I'm not into the California-style pizza with the garden on top, but their "tomato pie" (regular pie) is a keeper. It's closer to a margarita in how the cheese sits next to the sauce, and that's the real winner: the flavorful sauce. The tomato pie is very well balanced, much less greasy than Glass Nickel's and much lighter on the cheese (around the same price, not a "cheap" pie). I will still be back again and again.Went on a Friday night and it was absolutely packed. Hard-to-get-in-and-out-of-the-door packed. Lots of sad people are going to be waiting outside in the cold this winter as there isn't enough waiting room. Lucky for Sal's, I have a great remedy: open a west side location.
5	OUTSTANDING! While most local pizzerias seem content to compete for "Best of Madison". Salvatore's Tomato Pies are among the best I've had anywhere - and that includes: Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Rome ... and New Jersey (Salvatore's home state). The use fresh, locally-sourced cheeses, meats, herbs and vegetables. They make their sauce from scratch every day. We can't wait to go back and work our way through the entire menu - including the Korean Fish Tacos.
