5	I highly recommend puchasing a firearm from Merchant Firearms. Excellent communication, fast shipping, response quickly to any of your questions or concerns.
2	This place was small and had a small selection of EVERYTHING. There are 10 better gun stores I could easily name off the top of my head. I will NOT be back!
5	These guys are great.  I've been to at least a dozen gun stores in the Phoenix area and most are staffed by arrogant neanders who don't have any desire to help.  At Merchant, the owner Aaron and his staff are friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  Their prices are fair too.  As far as inventory, they have more Sigs than I've seen anywhere, and tons of tactical rifles.  The space is on the small side, but they must have 100 pistols on display as well as 30 or more rifles.  Merchant also has a huge selection of suppressors and they are a class III dealer.  I asked recently if they were going to be getting any of a new high end limited release Sig target pistol and Aaron told me that he had TEN on order.  Just last week I stopped at a store near Baseline and McClintock in Tempe and they had 4, yes 4 pistols in stock.  That smacks of a store with financial issues.I can't recommend them highly enough
1	The class in general was fine. I attended the CCW class because they had a deal on Groupon. It was $39 for the CCW class which is valued at $150 and says that at the end of the course, we will be receiving a permit.It DOES NOT state, nor does it clarify that there will be any extra fees. However once at the class, everyone had to pay an extra $10 for the fingerprinting card AND $65 for the DPS fee. So in the end, we had to pay $114 for the permit. I realize that it's only $36 off from the regular cost, but it's still not much of a savings as they initially advertised. I am extremely disappointed with them for posting such misleading information. It should not have been "valued" at $150 if it really isn't!
1	Very poor customer service. Paid a huge amount for them to ship a firearm and after a month of trying to get a status, they begrudgingly informed us that they did not have enough paperwork. Got the paperwork and was promised a tracking number when they shipped the next day. No tracking and then ignored repeated emails. This shouldn't happen, no matter how busy someone gets.
5	Excellent class to get your ccw!!  Highly recommended.
1	As a few others have said, VERY bad customer service. They are unnecessarily rude, and I'm a pretty patient guy. I won't bother returning. Ammo is cheaper at cabelas and guns are much cheaper at budsgunshop and have them shipped to a local shop. Do yourselves a favor and find a different merchant or buy online so you can limit your exposure to douche baggery.
5	Having been to numerous other gun stores throughout the valley, I have a good barometer of how things go. Historically, gun store employees are too cool for school, and treat customers like a necessary annoyance, rather than the purpose of their existence. A friend of mine told me about Merchant Firearms, and raved about the selection, price, and service- so I checked it out.I was looking for a Mother's Day present for my Mom (yah, she's cool like that) and was looking for a particular little gun. I went to Merchant Firearms, and sure enough-they had the gun. Not only did they have the gun, but the price was awesome. That was enough for me to be happy, but the I was pleasantly shocked to see that the employees were genuinely nice, and didn't treat customers like they were shitheads (if you've been to the other places, you KNOW what I mean..)A cool guy named Simon helped me with the gun, and answered a ton of questions. When I selected the gun, Simon then had me input my info into a PC, so I could do all the paperwork electronically- which I thought was super cool, and fast. While Simon was working on his part of that, another great employee (sorry I didn't catch his name) was showing me some of the super cool long guns, and other James Bond stuff they carry. Even though I was buying an inexpensive little pea shooter, the guys treated me like I was family- and were just super nice and engaging. I ended up picking up a couple other things I was shopping for, and I was shocked at the low, reasonable price. One of the accessories was $18 at Merchant Firearms, but literally $50-60 everywhere else. When I expressed my surprise and appreciation to Simon, he explained, "We want the prices to be fair- no one wants to walk away feeling like they got screwed." (unless you're at a bunny ranch- he is right).Check out Merchant Firearms, and if you're like me- you will be a customer for life. This place has everything, accept a shitty attitude towards customers. I look forward to purchasing some more fun stuff over the years, and I will only shop at Merchant Firearms.
2	Not Impressed!!! Read some of the other reviews of this place and thought I would still give them a try. Yelpers were right, to cool to help you out, would rather BS with each other and not help anybody out. Walked around their very small place for about 20 minutes, looking in their cases, NOT A WORD to me asking me if I'd like to look at anything. Twice I have gone in this place and just think their Customer Service is just AWFUL!
5	I'm a West Valley resident and have been looking for a specific pistol.  Merchant Firearms had it in stock and my wife and I drove over to pick it up.  I've been to many other stores as well.  There are a number that know me and I make it a point to get to know the people that I'm dealing with.  Since this was our first time in the Merchant store, I didn't know what to expect face to face.  The customer service and time that they spent with me was top notch.  As I was taking care of the state requirements, another employee was taking some time to answer any questions that my wife had as she's looking for another pistol as well. They definitely know what the value of customer service is and have won a life long customer.
5	Herd about this place from a friend. Decided to check it out right before closing time. They had a few customers in the shop and I was greeted after a few min of looking around. Asked about some ammo they had available and was impressed with how many choices they actual had. All reasonably priced too, I might add. Asked a bunch of questions regarding different things witch where answered with a friendly and informative responses. Had a massive selection on hand and capable of plenty more. All in all I'm very impressed with service, prices, quantity, and quality of merchandise. Grade A store. Will be returning often.
5	I had a great experience here. There price was very fair. Had great follow up on a 2 month long deal. No fault of theirs. Answered the phone every time I called. If you help ask.
4	I purchased my first handgun here and it was a pretty painless process! I got a decent price for my 9mm glock and have had no issues. I love how it handles, shoots, and can't wait to make another purchase! They have some of the best prices around, though sometimes you can find better online. I liked my experience overall :)
1	The staff is either not trained in the arts of customer service or they can't put themselves in their customers' point of view or maybe they simply don't care. If you ask them about something that they aren't certain of, they'll make something up. I was there asking about Class III and two of the sales employees couldn't agree so they began to argue. They went around in circles, repeating themselves - it was a clown show!Overall, they don't have much inventory, sales team gives you attitude, or are just plain unhelpful.
5	I love this gun store.  Too bad it's on the other side of town.  I came here to shop for optics for my AR-15 and ended up learning much more.  The people here are super cool and approachable.  If you're a beginner or an advanced shooter, they will help you find what you need.  They don't make you feel stupid if you ask a million questions.  A+ on customer service.I ended up purchasing a Trijicon ACOG, which set me back some bucks...but it was worth every penny.  I also learned a lot about suppressors.  They almost convinced me to buy one...LOLTheir pricing on Glock 19 Gen 4's are some of the best in the city.  It's too bad I already owned 2, otherwise I would've bought one from them.I highly recommend this place if you're a novice firearms owner or thinking about buying your first firearm.  They'll help you navigate through all of the factors to consider.Return Factor - 96%
4	Good selection of unique and high-end tactical firearms. Decent pricing.  Ammo is a little overpriced. Very trustworthy when shipping to my local FFL.
5	Took my ccw class with Roger , very informative and definitely gets you in the right mindset to protect yourself the smart way. Afterwards I browsed the store, Merchant firearms staff were very friendly and helpful. A very nice selection of firearms and accessories.
