5	Found this cute little shop doing a google search trying to find cupcakes for our wedding. Glad I did. Several unique flavor combinations to choose from. The chocolate cake peanut butter cream was awesome so was the peppermint patti but I have to say my favorite was chocolate cake, chocolate butter cream filled with cinnamon cream and I'm really not a fan of chocolate cake, until now. They also have a menu with several creative sandwiches, next time I have to try the twisted crab..made with a pretzel. If you are ever around the Dysart and Western area in Old Town Avondale stop by for a sugar fix..it will be worth it.
5	Fresh and delicious!  Cupcakes and great pies.  Just wish they'd have live music/poetry. Such a quaint spot!
5	Hello, I just wanted to take this chance to say that KK is awesome! They came to my open house for the salon that I opened and there cupcakes were  a huge hit. And Leah and Dale are great people. They have the best hospitality you could ever find. Go,Go,Go,Go and enjoy!
5	The cupcakes here are AMAZING !! I tried the red velvet, peanut butter, coconut, chocolate raspberry, sugar cookie, samoa ( like the girl scout cookie ), and strawberry. All of them were moist and the most divine frosting you can imagine. My favorite was the strawberry, there was fresh strawberry in the frosting and the cake, man that thing was good!The cost per cupcake varied a little...on average they were $2.75 each and well worth every penny.Please do yourself a favor and check this place out. They also have other treats like cookies and pies, and they serve breakfast & lunch items.
5	Amazing cupcakes! That's all I have to say.
3	I was so excited to try Kreative Kupcake because of all the 5 stars from Yelp. I have tried to get to this place before it closed 5x and I never make it. And I did get there on time once and they changed their summer hours closed on Monday (it did not say on their website). I was so disappointed and I kind of gave up trying. Then 1 day my husband brings home a surprise for me. 12 cupcakes from Kreative Kupckase because he knew I have been trying to go there so many times. My first impression was wow, they all look so good, and uniquely decorated, but they are smaller in size from the other bakeries I have gotten cupcakes from. And the cost for them are slightly higher than other places. Few flavors I tired: Choc Peanut Butter, Choc Raspberry, Sugar Cookie Peanut Butter - All were OK, but the frost was too rich for me. Apple Pie - It was good the fresh apples baked into the cupcake itself was a surprise. Coconut Cream - choc chunk cupcakes with a coconut butter cream frost with shredded coconuts, it was good but the cupcake was a little dry. Cafe Mocha - chocolate cupcakes with mocha butter cream and topped with chocolate covered coffee bean, this was very good. I so wanted to love their cupcakes, but it is OK this time around.  I will need to stop in grab breakfast/lunch and eat one fresh there maybe it will change my mind.
4	I had to go back myself and pick the cupcakes myself.  It was a wonderful surprise but he did not pick the flavors that I like.  So I was working from home 1 day and decided to drop in to pick some up.  OMG, the batch I have this time is Yum-GOOD. 2 Vanillas - GoodDing Dong - Hello, happiness!Red Velvet - Choco-goodnessAlmond Joy - Did not get a chance to eat it (someone eat it)Peppermint Patty - Minty Choco-goodness...I will need to stop by for some breakfast or lunch next time!
5	Ummm I am here we had to come here I love cupcakes ....we just moved here to AZ and of course I had to find my cupcake spot for my guilty pleasure days ;) so thanx to my fellow yelper friends I was introduced to this place I am not even kidding u these cupcakes are amazinnnnggggg so delicious and the owners are so sweet
5	Finally a cupcake spot in the west valley!!!!  After having one of the lemon chiffon cupcakes at a baby shower, I knew I had to stop in to check out their other flavors.  It was perfectly flavored and moist.  So, I went yesterday for the first time and was not let down.  It is in the most quaint and nice spot in downtown Avondale.  (Next time I want to eat one of my cupcakes out on their patio type area and relax under the trees.)  We got 6 cupcakes:  Strawberry Shortcake, Chocolate Peanut Butter, Triple Chocolate, Samoa, Lemon Chiffon, and Sweet Potato Pie.Scarfed the strawberry, triple chocolate, and sweet potato pie as soon as we got home.  The strawberry was incredibly moist and I absolutely loved the fresh strawberries!  The tripe chocolate was to die for.  I am not a chocolate cake fan, but that was some well done cupcake!  The frosting was sinful and the cinnamon cake was a very nice touch.  My mom had the sweet potato pie cupcake and she really enjoyed it.  I did take a bite and the taste was very yummy, almost more like a pumpkin pie cupcake in case you are curious.  It has cream cheese frosting, which anyone would love.  I did have the Samoa for dessert after dinner and loved the toasted coconut and caramel, but this one wasn't my favorite.  The husband and wife team were incredibly nice and helpful.  We came in a little early on Tuesday afternoon (they are closed on Sundays and Mondays).  So, they had not had a chance to make all the flavors quite yet.  We ended up not being able to get a few of the types of wanted.  But they were incredibly helpful and even gave us a taste of the cream cheese frosting they were making on the spot.  Yum!  I will be stopping in again to try some of the other flavors soon!
5	Must try the mint chocolate cakepops!  I love this place and the staff!  I have dragged friends in and not a single one was disappointed!
4	The cupcakes here are very good. I tried 3 kinds.... The Samoa, the strawberry, and the triple chocolate. My fav by far was the Samoa, I am a fan of the cookie but I think the cupcake is even better. If I could change anything I might add more fresh coconut to the top to balance out the sweetness but I really enjoyed it. The 3x chocolate was also pretty darn good, the creme filling was a suprise, a bit of a nod to a hostess cupcake but it was very tasty. Not a fan of the strawberry, just way too sweet with little berry flavor for balance. Some fresh berries would be the only savior. In general I think some fresh ingredients would balance out the strong sweetness here.On the other hand the owner/ baker is the perfect amount of sweet. She was funy and pleasant and I think she is a wonderful addition to our local culture. I wish kreative kupcakes much success and I really hope that success allows them to lower their price point a tad. Lol these treats are not in regular budget but I will stop by when I feel flush.
4	This afternoon, my passionate sweet-tooth led me to Kreative Kupcakes, a locally owned family cupcake shop. One of the few (if not, the only?) cupcake bakeries in the west valley, K.K. is located on the outskirts of downtown Avondale. Practically right next door, this place will be hard for me to resist on a daily basis!  The food: Primarily specializing in the creative and pleasant snack sized treat which is none other than the cupcake, these guys truly know how to do it right! I purchased six cupcakes, all were moist, sweet, and topped with perfection. These truly are "kreative" cupcakes! The prices range from 2.75 to 3.25, a bit pricey for the size. They also have some other menu items, I spotted special event cakes and desserts, cake pops and even...chocolate covered bacon? Maybe something I will try next time. Red Velvet: Your typical red velvet with a cinnamon cream surprise in the center! Must try. Strawberry: Tasted like your stereotypical strawberry cupcake, quite forgettable and a tad dry. Rocky Road: Very chocolaty and more peanuts than expected!Lemon Chiffon: DELICIOUS, fluffy, and light. Must try. Chocolate Raspberry: Tasty! A bit plain to look at though. Samoa: Looks like the cookie, tastes like the cookie. The staff: The husband and wife duo that was working was energetic and genuinely enthusiastic about their cupcakes! They were accommodating, and offered me a taste of the Oreo cupcake while I was being indecisive. The ambience: There is an open sitting area, as well as a patio littered with bright pink chairs. The building itself is bright green, you can't miss it! The smell was the only thing that bothered me, instead of a bakery it smelt more like a waffle house. Most likely because of that quirky chocolate covered bacon aforementioned. What you should know: They also have gluten free options, and an alternative whipped cream topping for those who frown on butter cream.
4	Yummy!  Better than Sprinkles.Need better location so everyone knows about you!
4	Definitely good cupcakes, but be careful . . . .these babies are powerful rich.  I just finished my first, and last, Guinness, chocolate & bacon cupcake. I'm going to stick to the "wuzzie" flavors. But, if you are having a party, event or just a few friends over . . . try some of their normal flavors:  red velvet, chocolate, chocolate-raspberry, strawberry, etc., or what the heck, jump right in and surprise your guests and get a few Guinness Stout, chocolate & bacon cupcakes. See if they can guess what the flavors and textures are.
5	Amazing place, and amazing cupcakes! The owner is charming ad brings a lot of spirit to her shop.
5	I was pleasantly surprised as soon as I walked in the place.    I was even happier once I sunk my teeth into those cupcakes.    My wife and I love this place and will be coming back for more.     AWESOME!!!!!
5	We recently discovered this delicious cupcake bakery, and have fallen in love with it.  My husband and I have tried a few different flavors, but my most favorite is definitely the samoa.  If it's possible, it's even better than the original cookie.  I would highly recommend Kreative Kupcakes to all my friends.  Plus, as an additional bonus, the owners are friendly and warm, and welcome you into their shop like you're a member of the family.
5	Mmm, mmm, mmm!  LOVE these cupcakes!  I'm partial to Sugar Cookie Peanut Butter, but my kids gave the Triple Chocolate big thumbs up today!  I am so pleased this restaurant has remained in business close to my favorite library.  It is a very bright spot in Historic Avondale, and I just can't help but buy a six-pack of cuppies every time!  Other faves:  Irish Cream and Samoa.  Give them a try!
5	OMG! I thought my husband had died and gone to heaven after tasting the Samoa cupcake. Then I tasted the peanut butter sugar cookie cupcake and really did go to heaven! LOL!Love, love, love these cupcakes. So amazing and delicious. Stopping by for a special treat is going to be our routine from now on. These are the best!Dale and Leah are so friendly and kind. Very innovative and their excitement in this venture really shows. Can't wait to go back!
5	Quaint and sinfully delicious!!! The owner is very friendly and is proud of what he has built. As he should be. I had a hard time choosing, but went with the peanut butter chocolate cupcake (you can't go wrong with that!) and the caramel frap cupcake.  To die for. The cupcakes are perfectly moist and the frosting is not overpowering as you find in many other establishments. I will be going back tomorrow to pick some more cupcakes up for a get together I'm attending on Sunday. I might even try their Blue Moon flavor! What a gem we have on the west side!!
5	MAJOR YUM.The owners here LOVE food and love what they are doing and it absolutely shows.  The creativity (yeah, I know thus the name Kreative Kupcakes) is amazing.  The space is small but great inside and the cupcake flavors are not just the regular hum drum.  They also do cakes and their desserts are featured in a local restaurant (oh find the cheesecake and try it!)!My favorites so far are the strawberry (white cake) and Chocolate PB.  The strawberry was light and had bits of fresh strawberry in the cake and in the icing.  The icing is great - not too sweet and not too much - just right.  The Chocolate PB was made because of the PB icing.,,luscious peanut butter but not overpowering.  Rich dark and dense chocolate taste in the fluffy chocolate cupcake.A young one was with us and they made her feel like a princess.  For foodies and anyone needing a cupcake fix or just something to make you smile, this is local talent worth supporting/frequenting.
5	Hands down BEST cupcakes we've had...EVER!Coming from San Francisco, needless to say, we've tried our fair share of cupcakeries.  We used to make the 45 minute trek to Scottsdale to have either Sprinkles, Caketini or Sweet Tooth Fairy.  Like I said, we USED to.  We will never make that trek again.  Here's why...Kreative Kupcakes are the freshest, moistest, and spot on to the flavors each cupcake is intending to replicate.  Strawberry shortcake - by far the best cupcake we had.  The frosting tasted like fresh whipped strawberries and the cake had strawberry bits in it.  I feel like I can add this to my daily fruit serving!German chocolate - hands down the closest one to how my mom made it when I was growing up.  We also tried Death by chocolcate, Lemon chiffon, Samoas, Caramel Frappuccino, Red velvet, Blue Moon beer and Guinness stout beer and bacon.  They all exceeded our expectations.  We love good food and will always support businesses that produce just that.  And the fact that they brought their talents to the West Side makes it even better!
4	Holy cow this place is delicious!  Definitely comparable to Sprinkles ... I tried the German chocolate and it was divine.  It's definitely nice to have a gourmet cupcake place on our side of town.  I'd love to order a custom cake for our next shindig!
5	Now these are yummy cupcakes!We LOVE baking, and were recently disappointed at a different place with really dry and artificial colored cupcakes.But Kreative Kupcakes made it all better. We had the red velvet and the chocolate/strawberry cupcakes, and both were fantastic!We're going back to try some of the other flavors, maybe tomorrow  ;)
5	Best Cupcakes in Phoenix Az. I love the blue moon with the orange frosting. Avondale has been waiting for a cupcake place!
5	I've been here a handful of times and I've never had a cupcake I've hated. I've tried:Death by Chocolate - very good but WAY too rich. Definitely not one you would want to eat more than one of.Sweet Potato Pie - my absolute favorite. It doesn't taste like sweet potato to me it is a very subtle flavor. Red Velvet - my second favorite. Fabulous. And I like the red edible glitter on top.Bailey's Irish Cream - very good  and definitely one I would try again. Guinness and Bacon - this was the one I was the most excited to try, and funnily enough my least favorite. It isn't bad at all, it just wasn't "great" although I did love the bacon in the actual cupcake. The chocolate covered bacon on top was interesting too. Pumpkin Chocolate Chip - it was okay but it was tiny compared to the others.I've also had the plain vanilla one (I can't remember what they call it) and it is fabulous but kind of boring in comparison to these other flavors. I really want to try the coconut cream and the triple chocolate (I am hoping it is not as rich as the death by chocolate). Price is expensive compared to the stuff you'd get at Fry's or Wal-Mart (they are 2.75 - 3.25 depending on if they are filled or not, I think) but the quality is a million times better. They have cake pops too, and my 3 year old has had both the chocolate and the vanilla and loved both.
5	I just visited this place and what a great find it was.  The owners are very nice and take enormous pride in their products.  The cupcakes I purchased are exceptional and leave me wanting more!  I will be telling my friends about this location and will be back soon!
5	You just gained new customers!After a bad experience at another new bakery, Dale recommended I try Kreative Kupcakes. (Thank goodness for social networking and Yelp!) My roommate and I headed out there today, and grabbed a few cupcakes. They're a bit pricey, but most gourmet cupcakes are. We purchased Red Velvet, Caramel Frappuccino,  Oreo, and Banana Pudding. I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to try them ALL! We hurried home, shared these with my boyfriend, and we were pretty much in heaven. The cupcakes were moist, and fluffy, and the frosting was just the right amount of sweetness. My boyfriend said "Give them 5 stars, that was the best cupcake I've had in a while" My roommate said "I don't normally like frosting, but I could eat this by itself!"The frosting is better than Sprinkles, the cake is just perfection. I'm glad to have found this place especially on the West Valley, and will definitely be coming by again. :)
5	This place is awesome! A lot of different flavors and they use real fruit for their fruit cupcakes. They are very friendly too! 10% military discount.
5	We love coming to Kreative Kupcakes and seeing what special or unique flavors they have.  Great and friendly local small business with an eye on quality.  Go do yourself a favor and try them out.  They also do small pies and cakes of all sizes too!
5	They have a wide range of flavors that you don't find in other cupcake shops.  They are excellent!  They have a cute little space for small parties or just morning coffee and they can be found at large events like Glendale Glitters. They offer wedding cakes, birthday cakes and if you ask them, they will bake a drunken bundt cake.
5	I don't even like cupcakes but WOW! pricey but worth it if your a cupcake lover...I lived in old town Avondale my whole life and never knew about that place, Lovely little spot when u walk in feels like your in Tempe not on Western in Avondale next to Jacks place lol
4	So as a special treat for my wifes big birthday, I gave her a great gift from KK.  I took her there and let her work to design how she wanted her cake.  And it came out great!The raspberries in the cake, the chocolate ganache, the artistry and attention to detail, really made it special!We'll be back again on our next celebration and oh, if you can get a Pina Colada or a lemon chiffon cup cake, do it!
5	This place is amazing! Cute little shop delicious treats! If you're in the area you have to stop by!
5	I came here to grab some cupcakes to give out to the Mothers in my family for Mothers Day. Everyone was so friendly and they had a ton of flavors. I personally tried the German chocolate and caramel sea salt and both were super yummy. My family was very pleased with all the flavors. I have a cousin who does not care for sweets  and she gobbled up the Blue Moon cupcake.  I will definitely be going here for all my pastry needs.
5	I was looking for a variety of flavors for my birthday and boy did they have them.  Chocolate, peanut butter, strawberry, raspberry, and I could keep going.  All the cake flavors were moist and delicious!  The butter cream frosting was smooth and had NO sugar grit at all.  My favorite was the chocolate cake with raspberry swiss meringe buttercream.  Only caution - this place is addictive!  :)  Enjoy.
5	Great cupcakes!!!My buddy, Darren and I are Cupcake fans and have visited many cupcake shops in the valley.  Kreative Kupcakes is definitely one of the best!!!!  They have over 24 flavors available and they are always fresh and taste amazing!   Leah is very friendly and is very passionate about her cupcakes!!!  There is plenty of room to sit and enjoy your tasty treat.  It is even served on a plate, which no one else does that.  Also one of the most inexpensive cupcake shop out there!  She also has other items like cheesecake with is to die for!!!!Very nice experience!I would highly recommend Kreative Kupcakes!!
5	Recently moved down to AZ from MN and my favorite way to explore my surroundings are through food. I'm obsessed with my cupcake place back home that won Cupcake Wars (Nadia Cakes) and felt like I was cheating on them. I went for it anyways and OMGosh I'm glad I did! The Red Velvet was AMAZING!! Moist and chocolatey cake with the perfect sweetness of frosting! o usually have to scrap the frosting off the ones i get in MN because they were too sweet. I'm sorry to say (not really) Kreative Kupcakes taste better than the one back home! HIGHLY recommend!
5	My friends got me a cupcake for my birthday from here and it was the most amazing thing that has ever been in my mouth. I have VERY high standards for future cupcakes...
5	I've been back many times since my first visit...and really wish I could go every week!  Their store hours improved once they got up and running more, which makes it ever easier for me to go in when I have a craving.  My absolute favorite flavor, one of their regulars for $2.75, is Peanut Butter Sugar Cookie.  Mmmmmmmmm.  Peanut butter frosting (which is perfect) with sugar sprinkled on top, and a sugar cookie cupcake.  It is moist, not too rich, but seriously tasty.  My other favorite is the Chocolate Peanut Butter.  Peanut butter frosting with chocolate chips sprinkled on top and a chocolate cupcake.  Do you see a pattern here?I recently tried their specialty cupcake, Salted Caramel.  The frosting definitely had that salted caramel taste.  There is a seriously sinful caramel filling in the middle of the cupcake.  But I thought the cupcake was a bit dense for my liking.  This is my absolute favorite bakery in the west valley and I recommend it time and time again to friends.  The owners are very friendly and don't mind answering questions or enlightening your requests.  For example, if you see they are out of it in their cases up front, ask anyway, because they almost always have another batch in the back.  They are also at Glendale Glitters if you happen to be there and want to stop there for a kupcake.  Also, one of the other times I was in, I found out they serve Teavana tea.  So, being a fan of it, I was quite excited to know I could get freshly brewed tea and complete with rock sugar if I wanted.  Enjoy!  Don't pass up Kreative Kupcakes!
5	I had the pleasure of having these D-LISH cupcakes @ Glendale Glitters on 1-11-2014 for the 1st time. I'm fresh to the valley, 3 years now from Oakland, Ca. and KKB has a fan in me for LIFE!!! Thank you for sharing your talent.
4	Looks Can Be Deceiving.... A Twist on an Old Favorite It has been said that you shouldn't  judge a book by its cover.  Well the same can be said about cupcakes! You shouldn't judge a cupcake by its cover.  I have to admit Kreative Kupcake Bakery took me by surprise. The cupcakes at Kreative Kupcake Bakery might look simple, but they taste delicious.On my first visit I purchased a half dozen.  Even though the decision was hard I went with, Death by Chocolate, Blue Moon, Red Velvet, Chocolate Ganache, Samoa Girl Scout Cookie, and last but not least Caramel-n-Sea Salt.  The frosting's were creamy and delicious. The toppings are perfect, not too thick or thin and the cake is so moist and so flavorful. All of the cupcake flavors are equally amazing! However,  my favorite was the Samoa Girl Scout Cookie. It is the cupcake version of the Girl Scout Samoa cookie. The combination of chocolate, caramel, and coconut is simply amazing! My mouth is salivating just thinking about my next visit.These cupcakes are definitely at the top of my list as exceptional! So if you get a craving and have to give in to your sweet tooth, give Kreative Kupcake Bakery a try!!
5	German Chocolate Kupcake. Enough said.
5	Some of the best cupcakes in town. Worth the drive to go off the path. They even give military discount. Always by more before you leave so you're not disappointed that you didn't get enough.
1	Very disappointed.  I'm not sure if all the other reviews are family or have never had anything but boxed cupcakes. Which I have had better cupcakes from a box.  None of the cupcakes looked very appetizing.  They were very dense and so was the frosting, which tasted like lard. The banana cupcakes was not made with real bananas, but banana flavoring. Gross!  I'm not sure what the strawberry shortcake or Madagascar were made of, but they were flavorless. We could not finish are cupcakes and we definitely will not be returning. Oh and the older lady smiled a lot but the younger lady who helped us was very short with us and gave us the feeling that we were bothering her. I also hurt my finger trying to get a soda out because a sign was leaning on the side and caught my finger when I pulled the door open.
4	Just tried this place for the first time today. I had the Guinness bacon, Samoa, and caramel seasalt cupcakes. The Guinness bacon cupcake was the most moistestest (yes, you read that correctly, moistestest) cupcake I ever had....pure perfection. The Samoa cupcake was pretty good as well. The caramel cupcake is the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5; the frosting was way too salty for my liking. Aside from that one I loved every single bite of my cupcakes and can't wait to try some other flavors.
5	Was looking for a cupcake place when I was in the area for my hubby. I tend to be picky when it comes to cupcakes and I seriously just had one of the best cupcakes ever!!!!! I got 6 flavors and tasted the Samoa flavor... I didn't want it to end, it was moist, full of flavors and not overly sweet nor iced. I can't wait to go back!
5	Such an adorable shop and the owner is an absolute sweetheart too. She came over and chatted with us while we were sitting. Great flavor selection with all of the classics but some interesting, creative ones too like peanut butter sugar cookie, bacon Guinness, samoa, and blue moon. The cupcakes are all around $3 but they're definitely worth it - super moist cake and unbelievable frosting. Plus great frosting to cupcake ratio!
5	Delicious!  $15 for a six pack with the yelp buy 5, get one free offer! It's a lil steep, but the cupcakes we tried we pretty yummy!  Came in to grab a six pack. Plan to come back to dine in another time.
5	Three days before my daughters birthday I thought of a custom fondant cake, but who to order it from? I sent out various email request and this place was the first to respond. After a quick quote over the phone they agreed to have it done in two days Wow! I don't know if you've ever ordered a custom cake but 90% Of the time it's at least a  weeks notice. The price was reasonable for the short amount of time. They delivered on time with a cake that was a lot bigger than what we had discussed over the phone. My daughter is a huge Dr Who fan so I ordered a custom cake in the shape of the TARDIS (Google it). It came out awesome looked just like a Tardis. It was a chocolate cake with chocolate moose filing and let me tell you it was a home run in the taste department. We had so much cake left over we gave pieces away to the staff at the restaurant we celebrated and even they loved the tasted. I have to give them 5 stars because of the excellent customer service and the great tasting cake. They really helped make it a special birthday for us. Thank you! I can't wait to go back and try some cupcakes.
4	It is a must if I am in town I moved back to California but came to visit and of course I had to come here a tad bit pricey but u do get what u paid for. .... cupcakes are perfecttttat first I was a lil disappointed to not see the owner she is so sweet I remembered that and employee that was working today seemed a lil rude but turned out to be ok
5	Best cup cakes and chocolate covered bacon you will ever eat hands down!! Another bad ass hole in da wall place!
1	Never even got to try nor did I care to try. Rude owners and daughter or counter girl, and waited in line for a while. When we were next in line w were completely skipped over for obvious family or friends because they went past us to them directly never even said hi or anything started chatting them up about what cupcake they were telling they should try and about other issues. Completely rude after waiting a couple minutes of them chatting it up and choosing a cupcake we left without choosing ours just surprised at the lack of customer service. Hopefully you get better service than we did. I would not go back just a huge turn off.
2	Arrived with my best friend and two young daughters. The two ladies at the counter weren't overly friendly. Didn't speak to us till we spoke to them. Did not offer suggestions or anything of that matter. We did order 4 cupcakes and 2 cups of coffee. Don't believe we were to sticker shock by the price. However I do not know where all the raves were about moist cake. Ours was as dry as dry could be. We all 4 had different cupcakes and after sampling from all 4 they were all dry. The toppings were delish and they nailed and blended their flavors on spot. Sadly it wasn't enough for us to return.
5	I called the day of to inquire about getting a cupcake for our "gender reveal" surprise later that day. The girl on the phone was very nice and  assured me it could be done quickly so after my ultrasound appointment I took the results to the bakery and she whipped up a cute white cupcake with the appropriate colored frosting inside. I can't wait to cut it open and see what we're having! Thank you all for being so helpful and willing to do my last minute request!!
5	This is by far the best cupcake shop I've been to in Phoenix. I've tried quite a few and most of them have  cupcakes that look pretty, but are really dry. I love their Samoan cupcake (which happens to be their most popular), the cake is always incredibly moist and it tastes delicious! We drive half way across the valley to buy them because they are that good.
5	I was looking for a treat to bring my 91 year old grandmother when I came to Arizona to visit. Once again, Yelp steered me to the right place. I went there every day of our vacation, except for Sunday, when they were sadly not not open. The cupcakes were so moist and tasty, and the icings were so rich and dense, and not too sweet. We tried the peanutbutter chocolate, the lemon, seasalt caramel, death by chocolate, strawberry shortcake, peanut butter sugar cookie.... I wish I'd tried the bacon or beer ones, but I ran out of time! Definitely worth the trip! Will be back when I am in town again!!
5	5 stars = hard to earn; but gotta give credit where credit is due.  Best gourmet cupcakes bar none.
5	This place is amazing! It was my second time using their services and I am very impressed. I called in on a Tuesday to place a custom birthday cake order that needed to be picked up by Saturday, and they were able to pull it off (and not to mention that it was the week of Fourth of July). Ordering was very convenient, I didn't even have'to go into the store until it was time to pick the cake up.  Everything was done via email and phone which was great since I was so busy.  I emailed the owner pictures of what I wanted (she was very professional, informative and helpful), I paid over the phone and received my receipt via text message instantly. The cake was DELICIOUS and everyone enjoyed it! I recommend them and will definitely be using their services in the future.
3	Bought a variety of 6 cupcakes to try for my son's upcoming birthday and he and I both agreed, the cupcakes and flavors in general were just OK, nothing spectacular or memorable. Ended up going with another cupcake place here in the valley.
5	This was our first time here, and we were both very happy with their cupcakes. We tried 6 different ones, and each was unique and delicious.  We will certainly return, as they are our favorites in the valley.
5	I purchased a groupon for a dozen cupcakes and decided to use it for a dinner party. I called and placed the order and was told I could get 2 flavors. I asked the girl for the best sellers. She informed me that it was the Samoa and Salted Caramel. I noticed on the reviews the Caramel was very dense but I ordered the 2 flavors anyway. The cupcakes were a hit. I loved both flavors. I even purchased an extra cupcake because they looked so good when I went to pick up my order. I got the Sugar Cookie Peanut Butter. It was huge. I split it with my son and it was very good. I must say they are not as pretty as Sprinkles but the flavor makes up for it. I will be back to try every flavor.
5	Phoenix is filled with corporate businesses so a place like this seems extra special! First of all, Western  Avenue in general seems like it belongs in some town in the middle of nowhere- it has such a quaint feeling. I loved the bright green exterior of Kreative Kupcakes, and the inside is also cute to match!  The open kitchen looked clean and well cared for.  The cupcakes were super flavorful, moist, and definitely worth the price... the coffee was great too. We loved the ambiance and the sinful treats!
5	I am in love with this place. The cupcakes are amazing and the service is outstanding. Ive been in about three times and every time I  was treated like family. I will forever be a customer because of the quality and the service.
5	My daughters' birthday cake was amazing, I loved the details. They loved it aaaaannnndddd the cake was delish!
5	Very addicting! Fresh, moist, awesome flavor combinations. Nice, friendly, helpful staff. Hidden gem of Avondale. If you still say Sprinkles is the best you've never been here! Very disappointed in my self for living less than a mile for close to a year and not knowing about them. But maybe for the best or I'd weigh about 200+ lol.
2	The cupcakes were ok. Not something I would go back and buy. The frosting was overly sweet  and in one of them the frosting tasting wrong. ...and the cupcakes seemed like they were made from box cake mix. Not going back
5	I love cupcakes! I have had many cupcakes. This is definitely a cupcake you want to have. Worth the drive, great staff! Take the drive to Avondale you won't regret it! Hawaiian delight and red velvet amazing!
3	Not the best cupcakes I have ever had. I used a Groupon which had so many rules and terms. Out of 12 cupcakes, eating 2 different types of cupcakes is not that thrilling. Plus, we had to call in the order and wait 24 hours to pick them up. We were there about 15 minutes earlier than the time they suggested and they gave us an attitude. Seriously, did the 11-15 minutes make a huge difference? We were the only ones in the shop! I don't think we were inconveniencing anyone, but that's ok because we will not be returning. Glad some of you have had great experiences.
5	It's understandable that once a bake shoppe receives so many positive reviews, the service and quality tend to drop off a bit from lack of motivation. This is not the case here. Not at all.I keep going back mostly because the quality is outstanding, even if the flavors never change. There is plenty of variety. The standouts to me are the Guiness Bacon Chocolate, Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla, Red Velvet, Boston Creme and Blue Moon. Their Salted Caramel is heavenly, but it sells out QUICK. My daughter picks cupcakes based on how pretty they are, which has been disastrous at other places. Here she picked the Chocolate peppermint because it has pretty blue decoration. I took a bite and it was so good. Like a fluffy cake and York Peppermint Patty as frosting. The frosting is neither overpowering or overloaded. Always just right.Their prices are pretty standard, but I'd happily drive to Avondale everyday for these sweet treats.They have SpotOn so you can earn rewards based on number of visits. Highly recommended.
4	I totally love this place!!!! Every chance I get I go and get the infamous Madagascar vanilla with carmel sea crunch!!!! Great!!! If you are ever in the worst mood, not only will  cupcakes cheer you up but so will the couple that works there do the same. They are so sweet with an infectious attitude and a very serene but perky enough to get you going. If youhave not had a cupcake from here, you are totally missing out.
