5	Beautiful bar, beautiful people (with a few douche's in tow), friendly bartenders and great house music. The Globe has all the elements to promote a good time with friends and strangers alike. The bar is wide enough but not enough to give you room to dance with arms fully extended like a propeller or snow angel, but you can still have your drink and groove in place.The lighting of the Globe is dim, but the overall ambiance is urbane and energetic. I got a little nostalgic visiting The Globe because it reminded me of Ole Madrid in San Diego in its heyday, years before Gaslamp turned into a tourist lane.I didn't have dinner there, but observing the reactions of the diners to their dishes and the smell of the food was a positive indication that Globe is a hit. Drinks are cheap and stiff. And our friendly bartender provided complimentary drinks before closing out.I don't want to sound like a conceited, arrogant and vain bastard, but I'm trying to ensure that other Yelpers get the exciting and pleasant experience I did. So those who are reading, take note:For groups of Neanderthal males, larger than a group of two, wearing tight ass tees and sunglasses at night. Please refrain from going.So too, groups of girls wearing tiaras surrounded by a motley group of her closest "robust" friends, don't go here, you'll just ruin the vibe as well.Be mindful of keeping the "Globe" environmentally friendly.
3	Wow.....I am not sure what happened to me......I am a fan of fine dining....but globe just did not impress me...........and it certainly impressed LOTS of people (including George Cloony who fell in love with a waitress there back in 01)............I had dinner there, both mine and my friend's entries were too salty.........and the restaurant on a Tuesday (I think) night is half empty........so much abt the global recession............didn't hear much music........maybe because we were chatting...........the bar was almost empty...........the light is dim.........I felt guilty there because I felt every one's refraining from spending (hence this hot spot wasn't full) and I was having expensive food while I was abt to be broke too............I will have to go there again just to make sure I am not fooled by first impression ;-)
4	Went here on my New Year's Montreal stint...great place to start the night or hang out if you're having too much fun to leave. Atmosphere is great - the space is modern and feels cozy despite the fact that it's a decent size. The ambiance was good, the DJ was playing some good lounge music that got a little louder and more upbeat as the night went on. Service was ...ok, I'd say friendlier than most Montreal restos we popped into. I tipped 20% out of habit and the waitress came over to say a personal thank you which was sweet. They also treated us with a glass of champagne, compliments of the restaurant and our hotel (we made a reservation through the concierge).Food was good and the portions were fair. It wasn't a WOW taste, but it's not the kind of place you go for a culinary experience. It wasn't bad by any means and I thought it was priced well. We spent about 4 hours here and I would definitely go back.Foodwise: foie gras and squash ravioli - good, but the raviolis were too thick; bison tartare - really good; sea bass tartare - very good with the sweet potato chips; steak looked delicious
4	Just go there to look at the Maitre'Ds and waitresses, all of supermodel quality in the looks dept.  Food is OK, a bit hyped and pricey but heck you're on primo spot @ St. Laurent.  Music can be deafening but it's a supper "club" so the louder the music the closer the waitress would have to go (almost check to check) with you to get your order :)
4	Was there last night for dinner.  Excellent vibe as always.  Food was great.  The clients I took were very very very impressed with the ambience, food and overall experience.  This is my default place to go in Montreal when here on business.  It is an experience you can always count on!
4	Had a very well prepared meal (crap cakes followed by lamb shank... curried lamb with kale and fennel).  Service was good.  A bit pricey but not outrageous.Oh, and the wait staff and bartender were gorgeous and leggy as advertised:)
5	Globe Restaurant was one of tthe restaurants I just HAD to go to. I've heard great things about the menu, and even better about the waitstaff. My pals and I went on a Saturday evening and we were lucky enough to be seated right away. The weather wasn't too cooperative but no weather would've kept me in my hotel.I was greeted right away by a beautiful hostess who looked like Laila Ali minus the 40lbs. of muscle. Our waitress approached us immediately and we started off with a cheese plate and foie gras ravioli. Both were delicious and the foie gras was buttery smooth. For the main course, we asked for suggestions from our statuesque waitress. I was impressed that she wasn't trying to push the most expensive items, but instead urged us to try Globe's signature dishes.I had the pork loin with roasted potatos, and wow, the portions were huge. Other restaurants like Globe try to skimp out on the eats and get by on the decor and hot, bitchy waitstaff, but the food was aplenty, the waitstaff was gorgeous AND nice (a near-extinct species in NYC), and the bill came out to just around $200 in USD. $50 a pop is a GREAT deal for appetizers, entrees, wine, and the eye candy. It was truly an experience for my senses, and Globe is definitely in a world of its own.
3	Vibrant, great music, excellent food.  Dont order drinks here.  I think its a canadian thing.  They like a lot of vermouth in their martinis and take the liberty to pour red bull into your $15/glass of scotch.We ordered the medium seafood tower for 2.  Excellent...$95 excellent? No!Go here to check out the decor, music and hot, french speaking waitresses.  But you better bring your checkbook because dinner was $300 for 2.
4	Went there on a Friday night with a group of 8 guys for a bachelor party and we all enjoyed ourselves. We had reservations for 8pm and we promptly seat when we arrived. The food was good. We each order apps and dinner. No one had any complaints. I thought my meal was delicious. No one ordered dessert so can't say anything about it. We also had a few drinks (it was the start of a bachelor party...) and they all went down smooth. I think having long legged models serve us food and drinks made the whole experience more enjoyable. This place is not cheap but it was not unreasonable either. We spent about $700 for food, a couple bottles of wine and bubbly and some shooters so all together I think it was a decent price considering the view... Maybe we got a deal or some drinks comped cuz someone in our group knew the owner/manager but I didn't notice it on the bill. I would definitely recommend Globe as a cool place to eat and hang out, especially if you're a guy. However, there seemed to be a lot more guys there than girls the night we were there... From what I remember, I think we left around 10 or 11pm just as Globe was turning into club with more people (girls and boys) showing up for the scene.  We might have stuck around cuz it looked like it was going to get hopping but we had other venues to hit...
3	If you like being served by model-types in little black dresses, then this is the place for you. The food's not bad either.
3	Was here with the family for formula one weekend and came across this restaurant while we were exploring the city In the evening.   The atmosphere is dimly lit and semi formal. The hostesses was nice and we were surprised that the menu was reasonably priced for that restaurant. However our waiter was horrible because he dint come around to check up to see if we needed a refill etc.  Dispite that the food was tasty and provided large portions.
5	All I can say is WOW!The best French cuisine I have ever tasted. Even though the place is a bit pricy... in the end its worth every penny, Canadian that is ;)If you you are in Montreal and wanna try some good French cooking, this is the place for you.
4	I helped arrange a friend's bachelor party in Montreal and had heard from another attendee that Globe was a great place we should go to for dinner and that it turns into a rather popular club. So we decided to give it a try. We were a group of fourteen so to make life easier I made advanced reservations for the group price fixed menu. I dealt with Silvana, the event manager here who was responsive and helpful throughout the reservation process. We were able to secure a four course dinner with two choices for appetizer and three courses to choose from for entree, along with dessert and an Italian noodle dumpling that was given to everyone. Upon arrival, it was noted that this place is kind of small but chicly decorated. It is true the staff here looks like they work here between modelling gigs. We were warmly received and given a table for fourteen without any problems. The actual price fixed menus were at our tables and presented in a very classy manner, on nice printed paper. We ordered some bottles of vodka that were nicely displayed and drinks were made for us by our waitress during dinner. We were a large and thirsty group and our waitress Vanessa did a nice job of keeping up. As for food, I started with a butternut squash soup that had some braised beef in it. It was silky smooth and sweet and the short rib added a nice contrast in flavor and texture being a bit more savoury. My only complaint is that the soup could have been served hotter. Next was the gnudi, Italian dumpling. It was basically a dumpling in a butter sauce stuffed with ricotta cheese. It was kind of heavy, but still worked well. Next I had the salmon which was very flavorful and well cooked. Last an apple crostade which was served a la mode and was OK. Some service complaints I had heard was slow refills on water and only one diner was brought a steak knife for his steak (one of the three entree choices) while the others were not, and their requests for same went answered. One other note, as mentioned earlier, this place turns into a club. When eating we noticed that some of those arriving to enjoy the club looked rather young. Our waitress informed us that on Friday nights the crowd is older, and on Saturday night, the night we were there, there is a younger crowd. And that is why this club did not really work for us, as it appeared a lot of 18 year olds were there and we are a bit too old for that scene. Overall though, this place executed the night well, it just was not really my scene after dinner--that is a personal opinion though, as it may be yours.  It is certainly a popular place that eventually had a line to get in.
4	Go. If you are single and looking to get it in. Place is definitely nicely decorated inside. Lots of bachelor and bachelorette parties. The place was getting good around 12:30 am on friday night but my group was really tired from the long drive up from ny, sadly we bounced from there around 1:15. The seafood platter was insane. Get it! The crowd was a decent mix. The one problem me and my date both had was the music. The music did get better as the night went on but the dj wasn't on top of his game at the beginning of the night.
5	I loved this restaurant! for my short stay in Montreal, I was glad I went here for one of my dinner meal. The first thing i noticed is how HOT the people are. Did I say their waitresses ARE HOT!!! Like extremely pretty, in their tight mini shirts and high heels. Not so efficient, but it was very pleasing to the eye. Second is their bar, they made decent Mojitos, though they were weak on the alcohol. My friend and I ended up getting 3-4 each... I ordered their fish and it was fresh and tasty. Overall, a great expense out. Do dress up when you go, because almost everyone is dressy. And after 11PM, people started to move outside to drink on the sidewalk... Great place to people watch and see the 'husband hunters' prowl.
4	A perfect place to bring people who want to get dolled up and have a St Laurent , see and be seen experience. This is not a place where one should expect to have a quiet dining experience but rather a fun filled evening where your very well taken care of, by beautiful people.The quality of the food is good and I always trust the wait staff to guide our choices for menu items.  I have dined in the main room a few times and had all out feasts, which were expensive but not over the top, and my guests were always very happy with the evening.  I have also gone there to have a few drinks at the bar and ordered some apps, and that too was always well received.
3	Mostly bark and little biteMy husband and I went to globe during our recent trip to montreal after hearing such rave reviews about it. To be fair, we arrived very early (6:30PM) after a long day of touring the city, ordered some drinks at the bar, and were happy to be the only patrons given the fact that the bartender was super attentive and we had some time to peacefully enjoy our cocktails (which were very good but way too pricey, and I used to live in manhattan!). the ambience is nice; clean and modern with several artsy touches. the servers were polite and attentive even when the restaurant filled in a bit, and the food was good. However, like most trendy restaurants, the point of globe is definitely to see or be seen, (neither of which are very important to my husband and me), and for a near $200 dinner bill, I'm expecting $200 quality, not $100 quality and a $100 chance of seeing leonardo dicaprio at the next table. if "trendy with a chance of celebrity" is your thing, this is the place for you. if not, try a place like OM.
4	I came to montreal for a weekend expecting (at times perhaps demanding) awesome canadian oysters.  Stop 1: Le Filet- wonderfully prepared oysters, but not exactly gorgeable- the highlights were the accoutrements and not the oysters themselves.  Stop 2: Big in Japan- no oysters.  Stop 3: Icehouse- good food but oysters were a little soggy.  Stop 4: Globe- JACKPOT!By now my oyster appetite was thoroughly whetted but not yet sated.  Out comes platter #1 of cold, perfectly firm briny beausoleils from New Brunswick, which I am told, is somewhere in Canada, though no one I spoke to in Montreal had actually ever been there.  Whatever.  Oysters = Win.  Platters 2 and 3 seem to whiz by.  It could also have been the shots...  unclear.  Do oysters lead to alcohol or does alcohol lead to oysters?  A rhetorical question best left to more sober Globe patrons.Although completely focused during this time on bivalves, in my peripheral vision I did notice a beautiful lounge, classy atmosphere, pretty faces, and good energy and music for a Friday night.  I wouldn't come here for a sit down dinner, but for drinks and a cornucopia of oysters, I would return to globe in a heartbeat.Also, NB, this bar is the only bar in Montreal that actually knew what a gimlet is.  Kudos to your bartenders for going to bartending school.
1	If I could leave 0 stars I would. I am shocked, SHOCKED this place is still open. I assume this place is frequented by tourists looking to "be seen" bc no Montrealer with sense would waste their time here. We (5 women) went for Grand Prix weekend (Friday Night) with outdoor 10pm reservations that required a credit card to confirm ($75 charge per person if you didnt show or were late) we arrived at 9:50pm with a line into the street, and were told to go to the bar they would find us when our table was ready. It must also be noted that upon booking we were told that if we went with earlier seating we would need to be done by 9:30pm. How they would find us in the sea of people, I have no idea...So an hour  being shoved against the bar by every passing waitstaff or bus boy , and a few drinks ($20/each!) later we finally found a manager and asked what the deal was. He proceeded to show us to a table  that was in the path of all the bus boys and wait staff.  NOPE. He said fine, its going to be longer. you might ask why we didnt leave, it was GP weekend. Unless we were to eat at a pizza stand reservations are a MUST. OUr absent and clueless waitress, while dressed the cutest and tiniest red cocktail dress, could not answer the simplest of  questions about the menu or wine list. We ordered drinks we never got.. and waited over an hour for our food. When it came out it was cold and they forgot an entree. . By the time we got our food the place was in full "club mode" so we had to literally fend off drunkards from trying to steal ribs off our plates! the food was awful and tasteless. I could go on and on about the food.. We waited forever for the check and when we finally got it  The only time the waitress made herself available was when we were paying.  . Now  so you dont think I am over reacting... we ate at many fine establishments and we realized that it was GP weekend and that we were not going to get 5 star service. However the dismissiveness of the staff and especially the owner/manager when we expressed our concern was flabergasting. We paid a small fortune for this awful experience...  will never return!
4	Came here for a bachelor party on recommendation by the concierge and was pleasantly surprised. Despite the name being somewhat bland, the food was not as my fish was fresh, the drinks were on point, the ambiance was great for the occasion (more on that further below) and the service was... well... the service was good, but not what you would expect. All in all this place was the perfect occassion for the event. With respect to the ambiance, know what you are getting into as this place has sophistication with a lounge-like atmosphere, but come 9:00 or so on a Saturday night, the dj comes out, the bar is hopping and people have no problem standing up around their tables and getting their groove on (groove is the appropriate word here because often times the DJ went a little retro), so be prepared. To some of the earlier reviews, the ones that got it right were the ones that came in some sort of larger group outing like a bacelor(ette) party. This is not the place to bring your girlfriend for a quiet, candle lit evening (the wait staff should have been your first clue).
1	Went here Saturday night. Although we had a reservation, we were told we could only sit on the patio, no choice. Restaurant was empty. Soon realized it was reserved for hordes of bachelorette parties. Waitress was incredibly rude and dismissive (seemed like she wasn't crazy about speaking English either). She didn't listen to what I asked for and brought me a different drink, and then was super rude about changing it. I asked if any vegetarian options were available. Generally I'm very easy going and will just have some sides if the kitchen is too busy to make something. She said no. Nothing. No "you could have this or this". She was equally rude to the tables on either side of us, so at that point we decided to cut our losses and paid for our drinks. She charged for the more expensive drink she had brought instead of the one I had asked for. We paid the 40 bucks and went across the street to have a lovely waitress and a meal of sides from other dishes. No problem. This place sucks. Bad attitude and bad waitresses.
1	WATCH OUT FOR YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!  scam taking place at this restaurant.WORST place I've eaten in a long time!!  Not the slightest effort is made to make the food edible.  The servers are great looking CON-ARTISTS!!   Went Saturday night, two small-famed women and we were served a huge patter of cold seafood more for 4 to 5 people with a big appetite.  The seafood was a TOTAL WASTE, absolutely devoid of any taste. AWFUL eating experience.The worst part came when the waitress tried to steal my credit card!!Never going near this place again.AWFUL FOOD AND WORSE SERVICE!  NEVER AGAIN.
4	It's a restaurant that becomes a nightclub at night. That generally tells you all you need to know about it. Still, the food was better than expected for that time of place. We had some great food there one night. Definitely a place to see and be seen.
3	Came here on a Friday night with friends for dinner and drinks. The restaurant is spacious with a pretty nice sized bar. They also have a DJ that starts around 9pm and goes all night. This was one of the highlights of the night as this guy really put together one of the best sets I've ever heard. The vibe is really cool and is perfect for pre gaming before night out. You can also stay here for the night since it turns into a semi club. We ordered an assorted appetizer to share among the group consisting of oysters, shrimp, mussels, clams fried chicken and a cheese & duck platter. Everything was pretty good, especially the fried chicken platter. For main course I had the short ribs and mashed potatoes which were delicious. Very tender and full of flavor. Definitely one of the best short ribs I've had. We stayed a while for drinks before heading out to the club scene.Definitely a great place for a group looking for a decent dinner in a fun atmosphere. Ive definitely had better food, but otherwise its great for pre gaming.
1	Went there for a friends birthday. Did not have a great experience. First, the birthday girl was late by an hour but some of us showed up and had drinks at the bar. After 45 minutes the threatened to give up our table and go have a slice of pizza at the place across the street! When we did sit down to eat after she arrived I ordered the oyster and halibut as a main. My oysters were not shucked properly and they did not taste too fresh. My halibut was drenched in butter and was pleasant at all. I ended up getting sick after. Don't recommend this place at all!!
1	This place is a total scam. Let me start by saying that it is full of guys. No women here other than the waitresses. It's all about how much alcohol they can serve you. This is a business through and through. They salt the foot very heavily so you'll buy more alcohol. The place is full of bachelor parties. The waitresses change outfits to give the illusion that a lot of women are here (no joke). There is a six bottle minimum for a large party. Seriously, you should avoid this place. It is literally a scam. I am shocked by how many parties fell for this.
4	We decided to try The Globe restaurant at the recommendation of our hotel concierge. He informed us that the restaurant was 20 years old and was staffed by models. As you can imagine, this conjured up ideas of an old dingy restaurant staffed by wanna be (inept) actors, models etc. we had previously tried few recommendations made by our hotel concierge with great results, so we ultimately decided to trust him again. We were definitely pleasantly surprised. Upon arrival, we saw a modern,trendy and sexy restaurant with beautiful people working there. Of course, we were still a bit skeptical of the service.  Again, we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was quite efficient and our server, although not a model, was gorgeous, professional and more than knowledgeable of the menu and wine list. She and the rest of the staff provided all eleven of us with an amazing experience. The food was also very good and beautifully plated. My only gripe, which seems to be the norm for all bars and restaurants in Montreal, is that they measure the pour for every drink. I am a vodka ( on the rocks ) drinker and found that every time I ordered a drink, I had to order a double.
