5	My kids have been so happy here . I love how flexible and attentive the staff is and was happy to find the toddler room person had been there for almost 20years . my kids talk about preschool and I see pictures of them playing happliey everyday . they have also been great about my bringing in breast milk for my 16 mo and accommodating my 2 year old wheat allergies
5	Love this preschool. Nothing is better than having peace of mind that your children are well cared for.
4	My daughter is newer to this facility, but since she has been here we notice a HUGE difference in her attitude. She is so happy! She gets excited when we pull into the drive way. I love how the staff is very warm and welcoming. It's a nice ratio from children to teachers. and I feel she is kept busy throughout the day since she comes home and passes out. Overall I feel we are getting so much for what we are paying. I really enjoy this facility.
5	I wanted to take the time to write a review about Sahuaro Prechool to help other parents that, just like me, need daycare/preschool services for our kids and are looking for the best of the best. From personal experience, I can assure you that Sahuaro Preschool not only will provide your kids with a high quality early education for your kids, but it will also make them feel safe and loved just as if they were at home with mom and dad. I have three kids, from 5 to 11 years old, that still have the pleasure to attended Sahuaro Preschool. I love the fact that I can drop all my kids off at one place and that the staff is so well trained by Ms. Martha that I never get a complaint from any my kids saying that they were bored. I can't ask for anymore from this place: my kids learn while being safe and at the same time they have lots of fun! Thank you Sahuaro Preschool, keep up the good work!! Ps.- I do not have babies anymore, but I love checking out the nursery, it is just SO cute! And those babies are ADORABLE! Check everything out, this school has always something going on, Never a Dull Moment. =D
5	My kids love coming here and I know that I can feel good about leaving them with no problems. In this day and age its hard to find good child care that you can trust with your most treasured gifts, and with Sahuaro I know that my preschooler is getting a great learning experience, making great friends, and building confidence in herself as a soon to be elementary school kid. And I know that my son is in good hands for the after school program. They are never bored and I never hear "I don't want to go to school" since they have been coming here.
5	My daughter started here in October.  When we first toured I knew it was the place for us because she was comfortable from the moment we got there.  How much she has learned is fantastic.  She will just start counting or singing a song or say something that I find even know she knew.  The classes are small, just one for each age. The staff is outgoing and friendly.  You can tell they enjoy their jobs.  My daughter is almost 3 and I'm so thankful we found Sahuaro.  Every month there is a focus on what the learn and lesson plans for each day.  Because it's small I feel like I know them and they know me and my daughter.  It's been such a wonderful experience.
5	My son started Sahuaro in October. He is my only and I was pretty anxious about leaving him. We toured a few other daycares but I felt hesitation with them. I did not once get a feeling of hesitation when touring Sahuaro. First of all, I love how small it is. My son is 2 and is in a class with only 2 year olds. The class is large and CLEAN! In fact, the cleanliness is one of the things I noticed right away and it hasn't wavered in the months he's been in attendance. The teachers are a blessing and my son talks about Ms. Sheila a ton. I don't feel like the teachers are just babysitting. They are truly interacting and teaching. I wanted to know my son was learning while I was away at work. My son is 2 and can count to 20 and knows his colors and recites a prayer from school before meals at home. He is absolutely learning.  On days he's clingy and wants me before leaving the only one he goes to comfortably is his teacher and that makes me happy knowing he loves her so much. They are an open door policy so you can come check on your child at anytime, which I like. Overall, this place is a true blessing. You will have peace of mind sending your child here.
1	This school is disgusting, I had to remove my children from this school as they were constantly sick and missing more days than they were there. The positive responses are from staff members by the way.....
5	I have to little girls, 3 and 9 months and 2 and 8 months they started attending Sahuaro Preeschool past September and I love the idea to have peace of mind that they are well take care and most importantly that they are learning numbers, letters, colors everything a child should know by that age, all teachers are certified and my husband and I've been noticing that their speech is growing everyday even in English whic their first spoken language is Spanish, so happy with this School, I totally recommended to anyone that needs an affordable, safe and clean place to leave your child.
5	Still a 5 star daycare!! The daycare was great when he started and in the last year they have made so many improvements. My son started in the 1 year old room and is now in the 2 year old room. They allow the children the chance to get comfortable with going potty in the bathroom. The staff is great. still love it.
4	Great place for kids. All the staffs are very nice and friendly. Would definitely refer..
5	Excelente guarderia y escuela, el staff, la limpieza y el profesionalismo siempre los han destacado!!!super recomendado
