3	So since I loved the location in Tempe, I decided to bring my car here.  They  had a banner up for basic wash special for $10.  I drove in and instantly, it was kinda awkward because it's not marked very clearly as to where you should go first.  Then when you drive into the correct area, three guys came over to take my one order...that was kinda weird too.  Then, one of the guys started telling me that they do detail work too and that I need to fix this and that on my car.  I was like, it's ok.  I just need a wash.  He rolled his eyes and said "fine."The wash was...all automated, not hand wash like the Tempe location.  Then the wiping, cleaning the interior, and the windows....it was what...like 3 min?  At the Tempe location, they literally do a detail job by spending around 15min.  Maybe I went on a wrong day? but I won't be going back. *Service = interesting/weird*Price = good $10 special*Location = ok*Work = typical AUTOMATED car wash
2	I went here yesterday and was soo dissapointed. I really needed a car wash, mostly on the inside of my car so I decided that I would "splurge" and get the superworks car wash, 2 steps up from the basic wash. It was a disaster, They did a terrible job of cleaning it, there were more then a few spots that looked like they weren't wiped down at all. And they didn't put the air freshner in my car! I had to stay for after they were finished and tell them everything that was wrong with the car. It was really awkward cause I felt rude having to point out all that they didn't do, but I really neeeded my car to be cleaned and I paid double of what I would of on a basic wash so I figured I might as well get it fixed while I was there. I felt even worse becasue the staff were all so nice, we'll  mostly the main guy that was helping me. He sincerely apologized several times and hooked me up with a free car wash card for next time, so that was nice. But I  kind of feel like I still need a car wash, so I might be  using that really soon. It just seems like the owner of this place has checked out and doesn't really care about it anymore. It seems like the staff is left up to their  devices and  are trying to do the best they can with the place. I am totally guessing but that's the vibe I got from it. The store was empty which was dissapointing because I was planning on buying accessories for my car and a snack for the wait. Then there were no paper towels in the bathroom and the girl behind the counter said that she had asked her boss to get more but he never did.
2	i probably would have given this place at least 4 stars had it not been for the two pushy guys at the beginning. let me explain....i rolled up to the carwash because my car needed a little TLC. i hadn't really washed it since i moved here (in december.. i know, for shame) so i figured it needed a hose down before i let any of my coworkers in it. i had seen the Arizona Auto Wash and figured it just may be my best bet. i pulled up and was greated by a pretty friendly young man. i told him i wanted the VIP car wash. he says sure, then pauses and starts on this whole upsell speech: him: you know we have a detail special...me: i'm not interested but thank youhim: but its only $70me: i dont have the time right now, its my lunch hour (at this point i'm getting annoyed)him: oh no problem you can use it any time! you just have to buy it nowme: no thank youhim: i'll even throw in todays wash for free!me: (walking towards the cashier) no thank you. i'm finehim: aw c'monme: seriously? (insert disbelief at his desperation here)so after that ever so delightful and annoying exchange, yet another guy comes up to me:other guy: i see that you have a chip in your windshieldme: wtf? no i dont.other guy: yes you do (points to the very bottom of the windshield). if you have your insurance i can fix it up for you right now (already has paper work in hand)***at this point i'm suspicious. i go over my car at least once a week to check for any new dings/chips***me: (walks up to windshield and realizes the "chip" he pointed out was actual crusted on resin) um, no thats ok. i'll take it into my dealerother guy: you sure?me: yes i'm sure. do you guys always ask a second time?so after being thoroughly annoyed, i went inside to pay the cashier and wait for my car to be cleaned. sure, i thought about taking it somewhere else but i had already wasted 20 minutes of my lunch hour and i just wanted the damn thing scrubbed. i watched cnn and 30 minutes later, voila..... my non detailed, chip free car was done. magically that 'chip' on the windshield even disappeared. i give props to the people that actually clean the car. they did a nice job. i would suggest, however, that AZ Auto Wash get rid of those two guys at the front. they just piss me off.
2	Between the pushy sales people taking your car wash order, and the apathetic cashiers (who often aren't even AT the cashier), I would steer clear of this Arizona Auto Wash location.The quality of The Works wash is decent (for the price), though.  So, if you're in a hurry, and can see past bad customer service, go for it...but I'll bet you won't make it a habit.
5	As of June 2011 this car wash is under new ownership and is owned by the power house local car wash team of Francis and Sons. Do not consider any reviews prior to this date.I'm a Realtor and owner of Myriad Real Estate Group, also on Yelp, and I have individuals in my car all the time. Due to this fact it is important to me to have a clean car. Even though this location is right across the street from my office I had dismissed them when it was Arizona Auto Wash. Once they were purchased by Francis and Sons I decided to give them another chance. The fact that they were giving out free washes at the time may have had something to do with that. With the new ownership they also have all new employees and they do a fantastic job. They've also updated and repaired their facilities so your car actually gets cleaned. They offer great deals online and the order taker often times will negotiate on price. If you haven't been in a while or are new to the area give these guys a chance, I'm sure you wont be disappointed.
