3	The show is still in previews and this was only the third performance for the show that opened Saturday, March 31st.  I'm taking that into account with my review.There is some excellent talent with the show.  Generally the singing is very well done.   Standouts were Sheriff Dodd, Miss Mona, and Jewel.  The singing and dancing by the ensemble is also good.  A standout in the dancing was that done by the Aggies when they pay their annual visit to the Chicken Ranch.There are some problems with the show: The showroom's stage was not designed for a Broadway musical and the scenery is very sparse--a staircase to the girls' rooms, here merely a landing--a chair, and a love seat.  At one point, there's a desk but that's the only major change in scenery during the entire show.  It would be difficult to do more than this.Given the limitation imposed by the stage, when the crusading journalist first broadcasts, it's in front of the gold stage curtain.  Since he's supposed to be at the state capitol building, couldn't a generic capitol building been projected onto the curtain to at least make an effort at reality?The sound was an issue tonight.  At one point, many of the wireless mics failed.  It was especially important because the governor was making his appearance and his mic didn't work.  When he launched into his song, one of the cast members gave him a hand mic which didn't work at first either.  Another issue with the  mics was that some of the cast, when they punctuated their words, there was a sound from the mics that detracted from what they said.  This is an issue which the previews should solve as the cast and crew iron out the problems.  I had some quibbles with the lighting but it was generally OK.Finally, why did the woman who works with the photo concession have to go down the steps to the front tables three or four times during the show?  Apparently she was delivering photos, but it was distracting, unnecessary, and rude to the artists on stage who are working to provide a good show for the audience.  The photos can wait until after the show.I will come back and see this show in a few weeks and I hope I'll be able to raise the rating.  I have seen some of the cast in other shows in Las Vegas and they need to have microphones that work, consistent lighting, and respect from the other workers at the showroom, i.e., photo person!
3	I thought it was beautifuly done however I think it deserves a bigger stage, Better sets, better advertising. The acting was awsome and the songs made me laugh, cry and smile. However with all the other faults it has the feeling of a community play.
3	I came here with my fella and some friends last Saturday. I was curious about this show for some time and finally got the opportunity to see it. The stage area at the Plaza was actually much larger than I was expecting for the location. Definitely a pleasant surprise.The performance was also better than I expected for a low budget show. The performers were quite talented and the show ran the perfect length. Not too long and not too short. This show is definitely a diamond in the rough worth seeing if you find yourself downtown with an opportunity to view a discounted show.
3	The venue is kind of small (300 people) and just about anywhere is a good spot to see all of the show. The music, dancing, and overall performance was good. I paid about $55/per person and felt that this show isn't worth more than $30 max. Consider another performance, there are too many other options at the $50 plus mark that are better. If you can get the tickets cheap or comped then it's totally worth seeing. One comment I heard repeatedly from other people was, this would have made a great university play or performance. I agree with their comments. No nudity, but they had several simulated sexual acts in the background. This doesn't take away from the story though.
3	I was dragged to this show by my girl and some friends. I wasn't looking forward to it, but I have to admit I enjoyed myself. The best part is the lingerie of course. They sell it in their shop after the show. Just so you know.
3	"intimate" setting aka small was ok for this production. It is not a strip blowout show, just some fun singing about Texas whores. I think. My gf loved it but I just got drunk for cheap
2	Valiant effort put on by these thespians -- my favourite were the reporter, the sheriff, and Jewel, but more energy should definitely be put into the set, sound (although we did not encounter the catastrophic mic issues reported by other Yelpers), and overall production. Not certain how much I would pay for it (saw it for free from a comfortable booth) if I had to pay, but 55$ per is definitely steep. TIP: There are two-for-one coupons at both Pop Up Pizza and the cupcake place inside Plaza. - E
3	Moderately entertaining, but nothing beyond that.  Small stage, small crowd, less than top notch production.  I think tickets are priced normally at around $55 to $60.  I purchased one at Tix-4-Tonite for about $38.  Still, this is about a $25 stage show at most.  It follows the story line of the movie with Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds.  I enjoyed it for an hour, but wouldn't want much more of it than that.  Some of the performers were quite good, others sort of blah.
4	I dragged my husband here kicking and screaming a few nights ago...and he loved it! I have been in productions myself and the kind of acting SOME of them did was fairly amateur...however the main characters were very developed and the acting was better than university acting if you ask me. Good seating, perfect length (and they let us sneak our alcohol in even though the signs clearly prohibit outside drinks). The actors were very welcoming afterward and took time to talk to the audience.
1	if i could give a negative star i would.  actually, if i could give this show a negative 10000000000 i would.  worst performance (even outside of Vegas) that i've ever experienced.no enthusiasm from actors.  blah blah blah.  ugh.  we really wanted to walk out, but couldn't because the actors were using all the exits!  it was like they were purposely keeping us in there!  90 minutes long.  story was really stupid and elemental in its narration.   no characters were developed and you could hardly hear the lyrics when they sung (bad sound system).  and no, there is no nudity, just some whorish clothing.  and even if they were nude, it wouldn't have saved this horrid production.the theater itself is old school vegas inside the Plaza downtown.  the 3 of us had a booth all to ourselves, which was nice, except that it was on the end, we could only see 2/3 the stage.  but it was not like we wanted to see the performances anyway, due to the horrific nature of the production.when we picked up the tickets from the "box office", the guy said the show was SOLD OUT.  well, the place was only 1/3 full at performance.  WTF?  anyway, we paid $44 a ticket via bestofvegas.com.  in the end -- DO NOT GO.  even if the tickets are free -- DO NOT GO.  let me be the sucker who lost $150 and not you.  yes, i took the bullet for you...so if you read this and still go....well.....................you're really stupid :-)
