4	Kentucky Grilled Chicken.Nuff Said.
1	This KFC SUCKS! 2night the drive thru clerk asked,"Like to try our grilled wings?" I said "yes." She said, "sorry- we don't have any." WTF?
1	I very rarely eat fast food, but I was craving some crunchy chicken goodness, with a biscuit and slaw. The only think awesome about the place? SPORKS (why haven't they ever become mainstream, the world may never know)! They were OUT of biscuits and dropped my change onto the pavement without offering to make it right. They may be right down the street from me... but I will be sure to stick to local mom and pop shops going forward.
4	Pros: Quick, friendly service. Consistent food quality. Cons: greasy fast food chain in a bad neighborhood
1	This KFC was the worst in insulting you with the "food" they serve. They will sell you chicken that is old ... so old that the juice settles back into the breading on their "extra crispy" that it actually turns grey and soggy. This has made me decide to spend my money $22.00 to be exact elsewhere. .....Mr. Sanders would be ashamed. ...
1	Avoid this location. My wife and I both ordered a meal that came with a cookie for desert. We got home and realized they didn't give us the Cooke. We returned since we were really feeling like desert and they said the were out and substituting a biscuit or side since they were out of cookies. We question how a biscuit is like a desert since we wanted something sweet and asked if instead of two cookies we could split a slice of pie. The manager quickly informed us that two cookies is $.99 and a pie is $1.99. I asked if she could just make the substitution since we had to drive all the way back and since it was their mistake to begin with and she refused. I just left because we didn't feel like more food, we wanted dessert. How is it that if you make a mistake and run out of desert and then just leave it out of the meal althogether you feel you don't have to substitute with something similar. What a waste of a trip. The one bright side was the person who helped us was very friendly. His name was William.  He should be promoted as I could tell he wanted to take care of us.
