5	I've been in health care for a decade and THIS is the only pediatrician office I know of that is open 6 days a week year round and 7 days a week during the cold/flu season! Not only was my kid's appointment honored ON TIME but I was in and out in half an hour! Oh, AND the doctors are really nice! :)
5	This is my pediatrician and I absolutely love them! I switched from N. Scottsdale Pediatrics because I never saw the same Dr. twice there. It felt more like a clinic and I wanted to establish a trusting relationship with my Pediatrician who would be there consistently for my children.I couldn't be happier. It's not as fancy with flat screen tv's and decor as the N. Scottsdale office, but the care my family has received has been stellar. Pretty much everyone I know goes to them know and I haven't heard anything but positive stories.During flu season, they're open on the weekends! Who does that? I feel 100% confident about recommending them.
5	I feel very lucky to have found Pediatric Associates. I've heard horror stories from other friends about experiences with their pediatricians so I know how rough finding the right doctor can be. A friend recommended Dr. Padrez so I decided to give him a shot. From our first visit I have felt nothing but confidence in him. He has a great demeanor with my son and I have so far had a very healthy little boy. What I like most about the office is how efficiently they get you in and out on time. There is no need to get there more than fifteen minutes prior to your appointment. Having waited over an hour at other doctor's offices, I thought this was huge. There has been an occasion or two when I've had to wait longer, but both those instances were when my son was sick and we had to come in for a last minute appointment and the doctor's did their best to see me as quickly as they could. When my son is sick, I have had to see some of the other doctor's in the practice and so far they have a;l been great. Dr. Day, Dr. Lococo, and Dr. Kelly have been my favorites aside from Dr. Padrez. The office has a separate waiting area for sick and well children which is another feature I greatly enjoy. If you're looking for a great pediatric office I would definitely recommend trying them out.
5	Dr. Lersch is such an amazing pediatrician. I have brought my four month old here since birth and he is extremely informative, kind and willing to answer any questions. I've never had a bad experience here and that says something because I am very picky with Dr.'s offices especially if they are caring for my daughter.
1	Terrible experience with Dr Lersch and referral specialist. First time visit with Dr Lersch for 11 year old check up was okay. Everything since then, including spending hours on the phone following up on a referral, false promises to send to referral dr.s and finally a decision Dr Lersch would not support a referral to a speech therapist even though he diagnosed him as tongue tied. What a run around!
4	We have been going to Dr. Lersch for 12 years and we love him.  I don't love the PA they have there.  She has been rude and not very helpful every time I have seen her.  The first time I saw her was the first time my baby was sick enough to bring her to the doctor, and I felt she really bullied me.  I was a new mother dealing with my first infant illness - so, that was weird.  Now when I call to make appointments, I just ask for Dr. Lersch and if I have to wait an extra few days - so be it.
2	I like Dr. Padrez., he's awesome.  The staff most times are just rude.  Everytime I would take my daughter for a check up,  she would have to see another dr. Because he was always booked. My daughters 16 months and she's seen her dr. Only about 3 times out of the 10 she's been to the drs. Not to mention everytime they have another dr look at her it was another 76 patient establishment charge I had to pay.  That was ridiculous.  When I called in to ask if I should bring my daughter in asap, they said a nurse practitioner will call me right back. ... It took her 2 hours to call back.  By then I had taken her to the hospital for a spiked fever and a stomach bug.   It happened more then once.  I switched drs and am very happy with where she's at now.
