2	Although this store has great employees, it is in desperate need of a makeover.  It is absolutely ghetto inside.  I don't think they've redone the store since the early 90s.  It's an embarrassment on Walnut.
5	Loveeeeeeee rite aid.. Cuz I get 20% off HE'LL YEA
5	I miss living right down the road from this Rite Aid.  The people that work here are probably the nicest of any other Rite Aid in the city, and the pharmacist is absolutely incredible. She knew me by name when I went up to the counter, and she always went the extra mile in calling my insurance company if there were any problems with the meds. Everything in the store is conveniently located and it's easy to orient around the store.
4	I have to drop this down a star because the guy who works in the pharmacy is sooooooo slow. Lines always build up when he's back there. The next time I see this guy when I want a prescription filled, I might turn around and take it to another rite aid. It will probably take less time to get it filled.
1	I ordered pictures through the online photo center and requested them to be printed and picked up from this location. I selected and paid extra for same day prints and were told online that they'd be ready in 1-3 hours. I went to pick them up several hours later and the guy behind the counter couldn't find my photos. He said, "Oh, it must be because our printer is out of ink, we should have your prints on Friday or Saturday" This is Wednesday, I need them today! If I wanted them in 4 days I would have paid $10 less! I asked for them to send my file to another location so that they could be printed there. No such luck, they said they were not able to do that. Now I have to upload, size and crop all of my photos again and reorder them to be picked up from another store. If they would have just called me this morning and told me the problem, I would have my pictures in time. Now, it's far too late for any Rite Aid to print my photos tonight. Come on people, communicate with your customers! Thanks for nothing!Go to the Baum location. It's just around the corner and far nicer inside.
