5	Great pizza and hoagies! Frank's has three locations. This one is in Troy Hill on Lowrie Street. They offer everything from pizzas, broasted chicken, chicken bites, breadsticks, pizza rolls, calzones, salads, hoagies, wraps and appetizers. My favorite pizza that they offer is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, chicken tossed in buffalo sauce and covered with mozzarella and provolone cheese with a side of homemade ranch dressing. Yummo! I've also tried the broasted chicken, It's like fried chicken but a little different. It's pretty tasty as well. My favorite hoagie is the Diablo Steak Hoagie, seasoned steak, Buffalo sauce, Parmesan cheese, blended cheese and Ranch dressing. Outstanding! They do deliver if you work in or near downtown too!
4	I live in the neighborhood and I quit doing business with this place for a number of reasons including  wrong orders, rudeness, pizza that tasted of canned sauce and cold food. I was looking for a place close for a pizza and a hoagie and my usual place has been slipping.So I looked up reviews and found that the reviews for Franks were pretty good, so I tried them again. I was glad I did. I had a cheese pizza w/mushrooms and an Italian hoagie. The sauce on the pie had a slowed cooked flavor and the hoagie was really good with good quality meats and great bread. I did love their Buffalo chicken pizza in the past and I am going to keep trying this place. The prices are a little higher than other places but if the food qulity holds out I don't mind paying a little more. This is an update. Had the buffalo chicken pizza and I found that it was ok but not as good as the past. Not a lot of sauce or cheese. They still have the awesome ranch dip with it.
3	I had read such great reviews about their buffalo chicken pizza that my expectations were set pretty high.  When the pizza came, my sister and i were pretty disappointed.  I have definitely had better buffalo chicken pizza...the only plus was that it came with ranch to dip it in...and the ranch was good.The breadsticks were really good.  The sauce that they came with was too.  We also really liked the fried mushrooms.I would definitely order from here again, but I wouldn't get their "famous" buffalo chicken pizza.
4	I live close by and I always buy local if I can, so when I order the food from here I was not expecting it to be so good and the people that delivered it to be so nice.The pizza is light and filling and the chicken is Delicious. And with daily Specials I've already ordered from them a few times. I look forward to giving them my future business.4 Stars cause I have yet to try everything on the menu.
2	Here we go again. I ordered the Italian hoagie and it was a mess. I don't know what kind of lunch meat they use but it's sliced very thin and not very much lands in the sandwich. The thing was barely warm and I picked it up almost 10 min before they said it would be ready. I guess it was hot enough when they put the lettuce because it was wilted. It only had 2 slices of cheese and they were so thin that they were transparent. This place is terribly inconsistent.  The young man that took my order over the phone mumbles and I had to ask him to repeat a couple of times. When I pick up my food I realize that he's trying to sound like a thug, don't think this is best for front end help.  I wish I could get consistent food (good food) from this place. Maybe when I get good food the owners are there,if not, bad food. Don't know, don't care. Tired of wasting my money.
1	The pizza tasted fine. But the cheese was extra rubbery. The people at the counter were exceptionally rude. No greeting, just a curt "You got a order?!" and couldn't have cared less about us being customers.
