5	I've been taking my cats to Dr. B for over 8 years and he is always so friendly, caring, and loving towards my animals. He always gives the best advice on how to treat your animal. AAA offers fair pricing and I would recommend them to others.
5	Loved the vet!  He was very nice and thorough and explained and showed me exactly what was wrong with my dog.  Which is not easy since i have a 160 pound cry baby Newfoundland.  Who had a VERY bad ear infection.  All cleared up and now i have drops for when he swims!
5	I love Dr. B! After years of looking for a good vet, I finally found one. He was referred to us by one of my mom's clients who breeds Malteses so I had high hopes. Dr. B more than exceeded my expectations. I love that it's not some big animal hospital where I meet with a different vet each time. I've been bringing Marley to him for vaccinations, teeth cleanings & regular check-ups for years now. There have been two different times I've brought Marley in with unexplained issues. The first time I was worried he had broken a leg but as soon as he got to the vets office, he was fine. Dr. B assured me it was most likely a bruise & to keep an eye on him, if it persisted then he would recommend an x-ray but luckily it wasn't necessary. He's extremely conservative, where other vets will just do the x-ray to make more $$$. The 2nd time I brought him in, he had been limping but the leg he was limping on was constantly changing. He was having his teeth cleaned that day & Dr. B said he would do some blood work & see what he found. I was heartbroken when he gave me the diagnosis...his liver enzymes were elevated & he would need to take supplements daily & be on prescription dog food. It turned out to be not nearly as bad I as expected. Since we changed his diet, Marley went back to being his happy, energetic & healthy self again! Dr. B's staff has been very helpful in getting approvals & faxing paperwork to Petsmart so that I can purchase his dog food there, which is much more convenient for me then driving to his office every time I run out. I am beyond grateful for Dr. B & that he was able to fix Marley!!!
2	I can not recommend this clinic.   I first used this clinic because it's the vet hospital of the pet store where I got my dog.   When it was time for my dog to spayed, they quoted $200 min plus I have to pay extra like IV and pain medications total to $400.  I went to vet hospital near my place which got good reviews and they only quoted me $100 for the spade. This included everything....what the hell? I feel like American Pet Hospital is trying to jiffy me.
5	I've taken my animals to Dr. Botros for the past four years. He's a great vet who knows what he's doing and he doesn't recommend unnecessary procedures just to make money.  I think the review that says Dr. B has a brusque manner is ridiculously narrow minded and unaccepting of other cultures.  He was very comforting when my cat passed away last year, and he's actually pretty funny (at appropriate times, of course).  About two weeks ago, two of my dogs got into a fight and one ended up hurt pretty badly. I had to go to an emergency hospital because it was 1:00 a.m. (and they charged me $688 just for stitches and pain meds... greeaaaat).  I took my dog to Dr. B a couple of days later because I needed reassurance from him that the emergency hospital treated my dog properly.  He didn't even charge me for the office visit - and that's not the first time he's done that.  It's important to trust the vet who's caring for your animals, especially if you're like me and think of your pets as your four-legged children.  I trust Dr. B completely and know that every course of action that he takes (or doesn't take, as the case may be) with my animals is because he believes it is in my animal's best interest.
5	I'll try to make this short. We found Dr. B / AAA Clinic by Yelp reviews. I needed to have my cat's eye looked at and treated. Turns out Dr. B was able to use a less abrasive way to diagnose the issue and method of treatment, than my previous Vet and the first opinion I got here in town. This kitty (I have two) happens to be a REAL piece of work when it comes to dealing with a Vet. She is almost impossible, in fact. She totally freaks out!! This stresses my out even more, because I love her so darn much and hate to see her so upset. Dr. B was the most patient and took his time to care for my kitty. And he was great about keeping me calm and assured as well. Long story short, he was able to give her the best and (in my opinion) the most attentive care needed and the costs were such a breath of fresh air! Also, the meds he gave me suggests a much more thorough approach to her healing. I am soooo glad I found this Vet / Clinic! I will definitely be taking both cats there as long as I'm in the Vegas area. I absolutely recommend!!!
4	This is a great animal hospital for simple and cheap care. It is chaotic at the front desk but after you check in and bring your pup to the exam room, you will be satisfied with the patient care. They also offer "immunization" shots during TUESDAYS 9-11am and 3-4:30pm only, no appointment needed. This helps especially when all you need are shots and nothing else. Overall experience, is GREAT!
5	Great vet was very sweet to our dogs. Professional and kind we brought out dogs in for rabies shots and the veterinarn tech was very knowledgeable. She advised if we were planning on sending the dogs to the groomer we might be better getting the bordatello shot as well. So we did. Very happy with the staff their and the treatment and vaccination of our dogs. We will definitely go back.
1	This vet was recommended to me by trusted family friends who have brought many pets to Dr. B. When my cat got sick, I took her here (instead of her previous vet) because of the recommendation and good reviews. When I arrived to my appointment, I told the front desk some of my cat's symptoms and she obtained records from the previous vet. Then I waited in an exam room for a very long time. There were customers who came in a while after me, but got to see the doctor before me. By the time my cat was seen, it was getting close to closing time. My cat had several symptoms which were obviously painful for her, but the doctor grabbed her in ways that I've not seen another vet touch any animal. I know he knows what he's doing, but he showed no interest in making my cat feel comfortable or being gentle with her face (which is where most of the problems were). My cat uttered these gut-wrenching cries that I'd never heard from her before, and at that time I felt so awful for bringing her here. Because she had lost weight, stopped eating, and had blood coming out of her nose, I thought that the exam would be very thorough. However, he just took a quick look at her. He told me that she had a very bad immune system, and then gave me a few medications for my cat. For a moment, I was relieved that a trained, experienced professional thought that all my kitty needed was some medicine, and she'd be OK. When we were finished going over the medications, he began to put my cat back into her carrier. But I was not finished asking questions yet, and asked him to check a bump that she had. He tried to drag her back out of the carrier, but at that point, she was fed up with him, and would not come more than halfway out. So, he shoved her back in, shut the carrier door, and said he would look at the bump "next time." I felt like he had given up on her, just because she was scared. She wasn't even biting or scratching him, but he seemed angry with her. There was never any "next time." For the next few days, I continued to give her the medicine, but she was getting worse. I ended up taking her to another animal hospital, and they took x-rays and blood work, which showed fluid around the lungs, low body temperature, loss of about 3 pounds, and kidney disease. She did not have a good prognosis, and I had to put her down. The cost of the emergency exam hardly cost more than what I spent at Dr. Botros, and they did so much more for me.If Dr. B had just taken her temperature or listened to her lungs, we could have acted quickly to get whatever treatment she needed. I feel guilty that I brought my sweet, deserving Sadie to a place that was so dispassionate toward her.If you believe your pet has an issue that lies beneath the skin, I recommend seeing a different vet.The single star I gave as a rating goes to the girl who called me to ask for an update on my cat. When I told her what happened, she seemed very sincere with her condolences.
