2	Bad ass is missed! I just ordered a simple coffee, but I was given an extra over watered americano. I barely tasted the coffee. I will try a latte next time cuz it smelled like the espresso is good if ordered right... we will see
4	I used the drive thru early one morning on my way to work. I ordered a breve latte. It came as expected and was very good. A little pricey but I'm cheap. I hope this place stays in business. It's nice to have a neighborhood coffee shop that's not a chain. The drive thru option is great too.
5	Sunsational Coffee is awesome! It's exciting to finally get a coffee shop in Surprise that offers quality coffee...unlike Starbucks! I really enjoy their convenient drive-thru, especially just before heading into work. The other day I took my Lab with me and she got a dog treat from the drive-thru! The staff is super friendly. I would recommend trying their Carmel Latte and their Strawberry Italian Cream Soda (I'm hooked on this one!). Great coffee joint to get some work done or to socialize over coffee. I really hope they stay open!
5	This place is a fantastic little LOCAL coffee shop! The coffee is good and the food is great! A nice relaxing atmosphere with very friendly staff. We have been here more than a few times, and will be coming back more. Make sure to skip your starbucks and support this great local business!
5	I came across Sunsational Coffee at the referral of a co-worker. Being that I'm from Orange County, I was blessed with variety of coffee offered there, but since moving to the Northwest Valley my choices have been Starbucks and Paradise Cafe, or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf if I want to make the 22 mile drive.What I love about Sunsational Coffee is their unique blends offered at very reasonable prices. I'm a huge Iced Mocha fan myself and have finally found my coffee shop. Coupled with the small business feel and friendly employees, they offer various daily specials that will make every visit a unique one.Sensational Coffee is located at the old Bad Ass Coffee location. In addition, I believe it's the only coffee shop that offers drive-thru service in Surprise which makes for an easy in and out for a quick cup if you're on the go!
5	Though I don't mind Starbucks, I will never go back. Sunsational Coffee not only does it right, they get to know you in the process. I have started ordering decaf drinks lately due to my anxiety levels and Lloyd (the owner) every time reminds me, knowing I am prone to forget my new commitment.Anyway, as a coffee-lover from Seattle, the city of caffeine, Sunsational really makes me miss home, and is the perfect solution for my fix. Lloyd is from Washington state himself, and takes great care over your beverage, so if you aren't satisfied, he'll be sure to get it just right for you! (And remember your drink the next time too most likely.)
5	Stopped in with a few friends for our catching up time and had their coffee.  Really really good, and I think far superior to Starbucks (which is not hard to do I know) but these guys really do it right.  I like that each cup is made fresh.  Really good - will definitely be back.
4	Yummy, I loved Sunsational's iced coffee. The owner made the reasonably priced treat for me and included just the right amount of half n' half and sugar. Sunsational actually makes the coffee fresh for their iced coffee so it's just the right strength and ultra fresh. In addition to great coffee beverages, Sunsational has a wide selection of baked goodies, free wi-fi, and a laid back desert vibe. Head on over to Sunsational Coffee and you just might get a pleasant Surprise!
5	The only independent coffee this far north and west - and the best! Good coffee, tea, sandwiches, pastries, and Italian sodas - resonable prices and a rewards system that can net you free drinks.I hold a meet up group for small business marketing and web design professionals at Sunsational Coffee once a month. This establishment has given my coffee cup paintings a home as well.It's grown to be a place where I meet clients and always see a friendly face when I stop by.Thankful for the support of other local businesses in this one coffee shop. May it live long and prosper!
5	Love this place, great place to hang out and have a cup of coffee. The employees are great, the owner is there often and he is so nice and wonderful.  He shares his knowledge because I always have questions, like "What's green coffee?" which i would never feel comfortable asking in another cafe...  He always recommends the best drinks too! YUM!  the bakery items are awesome!  Drive through is great when I'm in my pajamas and the punch card program has provided me many free coffees! overall i would say that they are "Sunsational!"
3	Pleasantly surprised! My expectations were low as there are not a lot of decent food spots in this area but the cute chalk sandwich board outside the drive thru lured me over saved me from the greasy pit of love handles and cellulite next door known as Church's Chicken. Lady at drive thru was helpful in her suggestions.  Food and drink were fast and extremely larger in size than I thought they'd be. I ordered the chicken Cesar salad wrap (it was that or the sandwich) and even though I'm not really a wrap kinda girl unless receiving a gift in shiny paper it was actually good fresh and very filling. Glad to have found a good healthy option with a drive thru window. I would definitely return.
4	This place is fantastic. Blueberry muffins are so good.
2	Chai = decent. Parfait = YUCK! I ordered a large vanilla soy chai tea and it was ready before my parfait. As I sipped my treat I recognized how nice it is to have an independent coffee shop in the far west valley finally! When I got my parfait I wondered how long they'd be open. The strawberries were "topping" strawberries smothered in that funky jelly. And I suspected the blueberries were previously frozen because they were nearly dehydrated and flavorless. Bottom line: they have a drive thru and I have two kids so I'm sure I will be back for coffee in a crunch.
4	Sunsational is one of my hide outs when I need to get away from the house. The food is tasty and the coffee is excellent. I have often used the drive thru and the few times I have come by with my dog they have a biscuit for my little guy.
5	It's become tradition to stop by Sunsational Coffee before taking our little pooch to the dog park every weekend. The drive thru is great. Everyone's really nice and gets our order out within just a few minutes. Their coffees are really strong, just the way I like it! And our pup,  AJ already knows to stick his head out of the window for his dog biscuit.Kudos for the military discount and loyalty stamps that earn me a free drink after every 10. Best little cafe in Surprise!
5	I needed a quiet place to work on a lengthy project and am from out of town and wanted to find a local coffee shop. Yelp took me to Sunsational! I enjoyed an Americano and later the Southwest Chicken Wrap made by the owner. They were both fresh and tasty.  My day there was spent in this sun drenched coffee shop with the quiet hum of neighborhood customers coming in and out. I love a local experience! Oh, and I up and left my computer power cord and Kayla the other owner mailed it to me!  They had laid it aside with a note "the woman from Tucson". Thank you Kayla!  I'll be back.
5	Found this great local place while droppings kids at school across the street. They have a great selection if flavors and make some great lattes and holiday drinks. They also have tasty baked foods to offer as well. Found their coffee to be superior to Starbucks. Awesome drive thru service. Friendly family owned place. They offer punch cards and I keep coming back; scored a free drink!
5	Excellent coffee and baked goods. They have great service and always with a smile. . Always friendly :)
5	This is seriously the best coffee in Surprise.  The service is always great and so very friendly. Plus they have a drive-thru always with a smile. Great place to hang out and enjoy an amazing cup of Joe.
5	My husband and I have been here and had breakfast sandwiches and have also had their lunch sandwiches. Both were awesome with great service with a smile. Nice clean cozy place. The coffee is also very good with a lot of options. Just recently we stopped in at their drive thru and got coffee at 5am. How Convenient! Love this new local place!
5	This was out first time here and I came because of the good yelp reviews. Wow, this place is Awesome and the baristas are super helpful!!! They let me sample their white coffee and made me a special drink based on what I told them I was in the mood for! Great place and we will be back!
5	There is nothing more that I love than a locally owned family operated business.  I love being able to use the drive thru here and am always pleasantly pleased by how fresh tasting and delicious the coffee is. We enjoyed the fresh muffins today (orange cranberry and dutch apple) which were completely ah-maz-ing. From the chai tea to the mochas, to the lattes...you won't be disappointed at Sunsational.
5	I am a bagel fanatic and haven't been able to find a bagel shop that I love here in Surprise until I tried one from sunsational coffee. I ordered a simple plain bagel with cream cheese and it was amazing. I also ordered an iced white chocolate mocha that was very good too. The staff was super nice. I will be visiting here more often!
5	Just wanted to give a quick update to my review.  Sunsational Coffee really excels at consistency and I have really enjoyed their coffee and other menu items.  The White coffee is really good and one cup is more than enough to keep you alert for a long day.  : )  Fair prices, good service, and a superior product!  And the breakfast sliders rock.
4	I love sensational coffee sensational coffee is very good coffee they have good beans. Need my grandma go to sensational coffee almost every day I love to sit and chat it's a great environment with good Wi-Fi. Rebecca is a good Barista
5	I tend to stick with the basics, and the Americana is perfect! Hot, as coffee is meant to be enjoyed, with a simple flavor shot or two.  Sometimes I feel as though proper customer service gets overlooked if the product is great. Not here! They're always accommodating, polite, and conversational. The baked goods are yummy, but would love to see some gluten-free options in the future.Remember: support local businesses!
4	Excellent coffee! One of us had a yummy americano and I had a fabulous soy latte. The oatmeal is cinnamony which I liked! The atmosphere is casual...like sitting on your sun porch at home. The owners are very friendly, hard working, and eager to make you happy. There was great traffic and they were also taking phone in orders! Will definitely go back!
5	Great place! Everyone that works here is friendly and most remember my order. The coffee is great, and the price is right. I love supporting a local business over Starbucks. They have a great selection as well. I love their punch card system. I am now a long time customer and definitely recommend this coffee shop!
5	The people here are so friendly and patient as I take forever to look over the menu. Very cute and quiet and the coffee is great!
2	I have tried over and over again to give this place a chance because they do have pretty good coffee, but every time I go there I get the worst attitude. I don't understand why, because I myself have been making coffee for years and know how people want to be treated on the other side of the window. I always tip, I always smile, but even the owner is rude to me. My sister who is a regular there even says to me, "They're only like that when you come here. I don't know why they don't like you." The thing is, even if I were the biggest jerk in the world, I shouldn't know they don't like me. That's customer service 101.
5	I recently moved from Tucson and had a local coffee shop I loved. Didn't think I would find somewhere in Surprise that could measure up, but I was wrong!I love around the corner from Sunsational Coffee and decided to give it a try. I ordered a chai tea. Great spice and really tasty. They also have a pretty large menu with breakfast and lunch items. We will be going back for a meal soon. The staff was wonderfully friendly and helped me with the menu (as it was my first time). Great experience all around.
5	Great coffee shop that's local with a drive thru. Doesn't get much better than that! They have a loyalty card to get 1 free drink for every 10 and their prices are already better than the big boys, so I save a lot of $$ by going there. The food is tasty too - the bagels are especially good.
5	I love having a locally owned coffee shop so close to my place.  I like this place so much I am a regular and I've told countless friends to come here as well.  I don't support them just because they are local.  I support the because the coffee is top notch (and that's from a mostly non coffee drinking person), the staff is friendly and most of them will remember your order once you've been a couple of times.  I've held meetings here and my friends with kids don't feel as if they aren't welcome.  They have toys for them to play with and a menu that the little ones enjoy as much as adults.  The blended mocha is my favorite but I also enjoy their Italian sodas!  Other notables on the menu would be the chicken wraps, coffee cake (yummy!!!! messy crumbly goodness), I haven't had it yet but my friend is addicted to the lemon bars which is a seasonal item.  They have breakfast bagels and cookies too (I am a creature of habit so I usually just get a wrap and blended mocha.  Did I mention they also have gluten free items?  Yes!  Cookies and they will make wraps into salads for you.There are seats outside and a drive thru (which I never use bc I prefer sitting in for a while) The shop and bathroom are always clean.  There are always crafts, flyers, business cards here for people to pick up and support local businesses around town.  Things I would change about this location:  soup!  I want soup! fresh fruitandI want big fat soft cushiony chairs!!!!All in all this is the place for me. :)
5	Found this little gem one day and I'm so glad I did! The owner is so nice and she always recognizes me and my boyfriend when we come in and knows exactly what we want. Great prices and the coffee is really good. They have specials everyday Double stamp Monday's on your customer loyalty card helps you get a free coffee ultra fast. :) I can't even say how many times I've been in there already and I've only known about it for about a month. We recommend the large chocolate mocha frozen coffee with one shot less of sweetener. (We like it a little stiffer) great place. Great hangout and they even have a drive thru for those hot arizona days when you don't want to exposure yourself to the sun for more than 2 seconds.
5	Favorite coffee place in this area! Good coffee, happy faces. Drive thru or eat in. They have light breakfast or lunch. But it's really all about the coffee for me.
5	Very friendly staff. Was a new customer and after just 3 visits they knew my order right away. :)
5	The coffee is excellent and the people are extremely friendly. They will make it how you like it from a Mexican latte to a mocha cafe Americano. The west valley needed some place like this. Been there twice and will continue to enjoy there brew.
5	I have been back a few times recently and have to update what I think. I have ordered other things (italian soda and chia tea), I was realllly impressed! The customer service was through the roof amazing. I will just make sure to specify I like my coffee strong next time.
5	Great coffee, bagel and bialy sandwiches are amazing. Drive thru is a huge plus, as anyone with a baby would know. So happy we found this place!
5	Staff is always pleasant and coffee is always yummy.  I love to support local and this is right by the house.
