5	Best place to hit after the river, call ahead and have pizza waiting for you. Watch out for the veggie pizza! Great cheese and fresh every time I've stopped by.
2	**Updated Review-Based on my last experience - the service here is so-so at best.  The "kids" behind the counter are unattentive.  I had to literally shout to get them to notice that they had a guest in the lobby.  If it weren't for the fact that this location is at the bottom of the hill of Las Sendas - I probably would not return and instead opt for a different location.Store Manager/Owner - This is YOUR opportunity to make this right.  I am pretty generous/fair on my reviews and this location is by-far the weakest of all in the Mesa Valley.**********It's Rosatis.  True nothing will ever taste as good as Pizza (incl. Rosatis) that you actually get IN Chicago because of the water quality west of the Mississippi is fair at best, this Rosatis does a really good job.The kid that took our order was pretty cool-chill.  Brought it out to us in ~15 minutes - piping hot!  The sausage at Rosatis is awesome.We visit this location every time we come to visit Dad/Mom since they live in the adjacent neighborhood.Tip - order extra cheese - it is so worth it...the grease dripping all over - esp. from the pepperoni.
1	Food is great - well other than their wings which pretty much are fried chicken drowning in sauce.We ordered two weeks ago using their online ordering system.  Order came all screwed up - e-mail receipt did not match the printed one at all.  Complained and GrubHub (the delivery service) gave us a $20 credit.  The food was good and I've eaten in other stores before so we tried again tonight... and where do I start?Here I guess!  Ordered online.  Got e-mail receipt including delivery time and our creidt.  I paid via credit card for the rest and included the tip.  Half hour after the estimated time (they're 1.2 miles from us) later the driver showed up.  He was very nice and very professional so he was the only positive about this experience.  He asked for the entire amount, sans credit, in cash.  We were puzzled but he showed no credit.  He got his phone out and called the store manager and let my husband talk to him.At that point we got told that $20 credit was a store credit only - which baffles me as I had to click to apply the dang thing on GrubHub - and we could only use ordering directly.  He did at least finally let us pay via credit card, and I still feel bad we had no cash to tip the driver as we'd put the tip on the original credit card payment that never showed up.So... if you want to eat in, I guess they're great and at least our order was mostly correct this time -although I am still utterly baffled why when I specicially ask any pizza place in this state for red peppers and cheese why they can't deliver those - but we will never use/order from Rosati's and/or their GrubHub counterpart again.
4	I'm from Chicago and I also happen to have a Rosati's right down the street from where I live and I have to say this Rosati's blows mine out of the water.  I order from here when I'm visiting my girlfriend's parent's in Arizona and while it's no Chicago-level pizza but it's easily the best pizza I have had in Arizona!
1	I can't even give this business a 1 star even if I was feeling extra nice, but yelp forces you to at least give a one star so Rosati's on Power and Thomas can thank yelp for that one star. I am from the Chicago area and this place wouldn't survive a day in Chicago with the horrible food and customer service. I don't know who owns this business, but they should be ashamed of the people that represent them. Our order was screwed up once before and this time I drove 15 minutes from my own home to find that nothing changed. I asked for BAKED mostaccioli. I get there and all that was there was meat sauce and noodles and there is supposed to be cheese and when I ordered I even asked for the cheese to be well done and if she hadn't been in such a rush to take my order and talk over me she might have actually heard what I said. This is what happens when you hire children to run your business. The same girl who screwed up my order the first time did it again on 1/8/13. Then when I walk back into the place the manager who looks and acts like he is all of twelve years old says are you here to pick upand I told him what happened, what I actually ordered and that I wanted my money back and he cancels my transaction and to this date the money still hasn't been returned to my account. He never offered to fix the situation or do anything to try and at least make it somewhat better. I would never tell anyone to go to this establishment ever!!!! By the way the lasagna my daughter had was disgusting too and that was the only thing that wasn't screwed up!!!
2	Bought a groupon for this place and it was fine, but nothing I would ever go out of my way for again.  For the groupon price the pizza tasted just fine, but when I looked at the original receipt before discount the price was $48!!!  This pizza is not worth that at all, a smidgen above chain joints but nothing to deserve the 2x up-charge.  When we pulled up we thought it was closed because there was no one there!  Still trying to figure out why they kept putting me on hold when they were not busy :)
2	I love Rosatis but this location has major problems! Since the deep dish takes 45 minutes, we ordered 2 appetizers to munch on while we waited, both were served barely warm. Then when we got our pizza it was barely warm...I went to the DIRTY bathroom and the toilet would not flush. i took off the tank lid and there was no chain to pull up the flapper! Would recommend going to a different location. For a Saturday night it was dead in there and now I know why!
1	The service is sooooo bad.  The pizza tastes great but the service lately has been horrible. Pizza is always late when picking up.  The last pick up I did, I was told "pizza ready in abt. 30 min."  I went into the store after 30 min. and they hadn't even begun to make my pizza. Last two deliveries the driver got lost and we had late and cold pizza. If you get lost, at least call us and tell us you are late. I've talked to the manager, but service doesn't get any better.  Guys you have great tasting pizza. You really need to shake up your service! We used to order from you weekly but not any more.
2	Consistently good until tonight. 2 pizzas. 1 spot on the other hardly any cheese. Spoke with the manager and was told sometimes the pies are made with ez cheese depending on the maker. Not acceptable - she offered a small discount on future order. No excuse for using a less toppings on a $25 pie. Will no longer order from Power Rd Rosati's.
