2	Small store, aquarium section has a very minimum number of salt water items.  If you need anything more than food, or extrememly basic items, you may want to consider another pet supply store
3	I'd shop here again. I like how Petco is cheaper than Petsmart, and the stores seem more organized. 2 for 5 toys is awesome as well.
2	We had been shopping at Petco for a while and finally we had enough. We walked in to buy dog chips, they have a 1lb bag for 14 and a 8 oz bag for 6.99. We grabbed the 8 oz bag like we always do with the price listed as 6.99 and made our way to the register. Upon waiting in line for 5 minutes while the tattoo manager sat messing with bags and after we said hello how's your night we were finally rung up. Of course the price came up as 15 and change. When we questioned them about pricing she seemed to not even care, but ordered another employee who was diligently working on something else to go fetch the price sticker. Another employee stepped out to ask if she needed any assistance and she berated the man with an insult. As the line then formed and backed up she proceeded to then call for back up help on the register. Finally the young girl comes back and says yeah its 14 for a 1lb and 6.99 for the 8 oz. So I politely thank her and the manager says that will be 14. I pointed to the bag which is clearly labeled as 8 oz. I then said no thank you and proceeded to leave. Upon us exiting the store I stepped in dog crap in the store, and the manager then said well I can sell you this for 6.99 I want you to buy it here instead of somewhere else. Again I said no thank you and we drove the extra mile up to PetSmart. Got more chips for the same price, and was greeted with a nice clean store, friendly service, to the point that now we only bring our business there. The Petco has never been really friendly but their convenient location and prices were okay. Then again PetSmart is cheaper and friendly.
4	Well, if you can believe it this is my first time in a Petco.I laugh to myself as I think over and over in my head ,this is where the Pets go.That is what the advertisers want right??Anyway, I had looked it up on line a few days ago to see who carried Blue Buffalo Dog food. This is a natural product made in the USA. Which is becoming hard to find in the pet food world. But, Petco had all sorts of made in the USA, natural products.That makes me happy!I ended up getting 2 bags of different dog food and one bag of snacks.I snacks were cookies made of banana and yogurt. They were pretty high priced at $9.99, the dog food was only $20.00 but oh well.We all know it cost more to eat healthy and that goes for our animals as well.I wanted a Petco card as well since it was my first time and I like coupons ( a lot).The girl that rang us up helped with that.  But, then she never put anything in a bag. Or asked us if we wanted a bag , she just left everything on the counter and walked away.So after a bit ,I guessed we were not getting one. That I found strange.Anyway, they have a grooming center there and there was a man giving a dog training lessons and the parents(of the dog) were there learning as well.It is a clean store and lots of parking in the lot.
5	Thank goodness for those low cost vaccines. With six dogs this comes in handy. This petco is close to condo so it works great for us.
3	All your pet needs under one roof. Staff is always helpful with my many questions. Great place!
4	They don't have organic feed, which is a bummer, but of course until recently that wasn't important to me.  However, they did have great little fish and lots of varieties to choose from.  I might make them a regular stop if they carried organic feeds.
1	Don't expect to buy a fish in less than 30 minutes. No one is ever there, when you ask them for help they are like "yeah, let me call someone" and never call anyone. I had over 100 bucks in fish tank products and fish I was willing to buy but not a single employee was able to bag a couple of fish, so after 30 minutes we left. Never again, there's a pet smart less than 2 miles away, don't waste you time.
5	This store is nice and well kept, i appreciated the help I got right when I walked in, Greg helped us, and he was so kind, he answered all of our questions (as we had just adopted two kitties and had a lot of questions), and the kitty food and litter that he suggested worked great, and we still use it! Greg was the guy to see at this Petco!
4	This is a nice store and fun to shop in. Unlike a lot of other pet stores, the employees seem very happy here and are friendly and eager to help. The store is really nice and well kept, and there are nice, wide aisles so shopping is never cramped. The pricing is competitive, and the selection is great. Good place to shop!
5	Really really good fish service. Really clean tanks with healthy appearing fish. The fish area was well stocked with everything uou need; filters, food, plants, eyc, etc. We had TWO people helping us and they provided TONS of useful info for us fish tank rookies.  Even the checkout girl gave us helpful fish tank help. We will be back for sure!
