5	I just discovered this shop yesterday and must say i was very impressed. I met Matt, the owner, and he's a very nice, open guy who is simply trying to do something different in the outdoor sports retail business. His selection is very good for a new, one-man operation...and he has not only used gear but also new, at good prices.  And he focuses on quality stuff which i appreciate.  Any bike shop which carries Pearl Izumi gear ranks high in my book.  It looks like he had a good setup for bike repair too.  There looked like a good range of hiking and camping gear along with a kayak or two. Its tucked around the corner in a strip mall so unless you look for it...you might miss it. If you're in the market for good quality outdoor gear...check this place out!
5	Ok, so Phoenix has a lot of consignment shops, but this is the first one I've seen that sticks to outdoor gear and attire. Despite the simplicity of the buy, sell, consign idea, this outfit has a lot of nice stuff and Matt is super easy to work with. He's an honest guy with a great personality plus the business and outdoor knowledge to make this a success. It's finally nice to meet a serious cyclist and shop owner in AZ that does not have the "elitist" attitude. Matt is pretty laid back, polite, and humble. Onto the merchandise. If you're into the reduce, reuse, recycle idea this is your place. If you're into new stuff, this is also your place. The two times visiting the shop, I have found gear and books for cycling, skiing, kayaking , camping, hiking, and more. Obviously Matt stocks more used items because that is the business model, but you can find some quality new cycle clothing and parts. Here is also where the beauty of the shop exists, every time you visit Salvation Outdoors there is going to be new gear and inventory that could be perfect for your next adventure. Don't quote me on this, but my guess is that Matt also has the ability to order new items from suppliers. One area that I will definitely mention is the bike service. Matt has all the tools to do simple repairs or major overhauls. He was reworking a bottom bracket the first time I stopped in. The prices he mentioned for both services are reasonable and even a little less then I've seen at other shops in town. Across the board, prices are very fair and I noticed some downright bargains while perusing.Pictures just don't do this place justice. If you're in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and stop in for 15 minutes. You might just find what you're looking for. Looking forward to see if any groups begin using Salvation Outdoors as their safe haven to kicking off week night and weekend group exercise events. If anyone in the neighborhood is interested in starting a meetup here, shoot me a message and we'll get something in the books.
5	This store has been open for about a year now and I love stopping by to see what they have available.  Most recently I picked up a bike.  This bike is my new favorite and the transaction process was simple.  Matt is easy to talk with.  He is knowledgeable about sporting equipment and able to make great recommendations too.  I recommend this store to all of my local friends.
2	I was very excited to see there was an outdoor consignment shop in phoenix since there is a great one in Georgia I always got stuff at before moving here. I drove 45 min to find retail prices on 75% of items. For example there was a Big Agnes qcore inflatable sleeping pad for 89 dollars there, retail on that item is exactly that. Same with a yakimia kayak rack. I get trying to get the most out of your product but as a consignment store you try and cycle your merchandise ASAP. I asked if offers we're taken on items I was told " no most items are priced to sell" . I promptly left after that. Good luck to this business, hopefully it will find some people that aren't as knowledgeable about these items as I was and think that they found themselfs a deal.
5	I came in a few months back to after purchasing a used mountain bike.  Not knowing too much about bikes at the time, i inquired about a basic "once over" on my bike.  Matt said he'd do a full tune-up for $45.  Every other bike shop quoted at least $80 for the same service.  Sure they offer tune-ups in the $40 price range, but it is just basically adjusting the derailers and brakes and a whole lot of "checking" things.  He did all that plus changed the cables and and housing and cleaned things up.  The tire also had a flat and, since he could not fix it, he replaced the tube at 25% off.  I got a new chain for the same price as the big internet sites and he slapped it on for free too.  Check with other bike shops, go ahead, it's at least a $10 service.  In fact, every new component I've bought from Matt came with free installation, this includes tubes and a freewheel.  The guy i bought the bike from had swapped out the original 8 speed freewheel for a 7 speed so I had this phantom shift which was very annoying.  He did not have a new 8 speed in stock but he ordered one for me.  In the meantime he adjusted my shifting so that it essentially eliminated the 8th gear and, bam, no more ghost shift!  This was free, by the way, and it was all at closing time.  He's there to help.I've got a new bike multi-tool, cycling shorts, chain lube, toe clips, seat bag and other accessories at fair prices, all new too.  As far as used items, he gave me a great deal on a Camelbak and instructed me on the proper way to clean and sanitizeit.  Much better than spending $60 plus on a new one.Seriously, the guy is not in the business of nickel and diming you to death.  Cycling is already expensive enough without being charged for every little thing.  Check the other LBS's around.  They charge $5 for a grip installation.  Are you kidding me??  That's like somebody charging you $5 to toast your Pop Tart for you.  Look, it's a consignment store that sells a wide array of products for everything outdoor.  It is not a true bike shop given the fact that he does not sell new bikes so don't go there looking for a 2014 Fuji or anything like that, but that was not his intention.  But he does offer outstanding service and he'll answer as many questions as you can ask.  I know he has for me.  He is a tried and true bike mechanic and I don't see myself going to anybody else to look after my bike.If you want to get into anything from cycling to camping, he'll help you do it as inexpensive as possible without sacrificing service or knowledge.  Try him before you go anywhere else first.  You'll be happy you did.
4	With two boys involved in scouting, we do a lot of camping and outdoor activities and it can get expensive. That's why its great to find a place that specializes in used outdoor equipment. Like any consignment store, selection varies depending on when you visit but if you're looking for something specific you can call and ask and they will let you know if they have it.The owner is very cool and easy to deal with. He's happy to point you in the right direction and is very upfront about what he does and doesn't have in stock.We've picked up a first aid kit there before, but unfortunately on our most recent visit they didn't have a lightweight sleeping bag that worked for me. Despite that, Salvation Outdoor is now one of my regular stops when I'm looking for outdoor gear.
5	Simply the best place to get your outdoor gear, same items that rei sells at a fraction of the price. Don't pay high retail prices for gear that can last a lifetime, check the amazing deals here, ask for Matt he's very friendly and knowledgeable. I highly recommend this spot before you drop big bucks.
