4	Cave Creek between Cortez and Cactus is a great place for antique hounds.  There is a plaza filled with antique malls from one end to the other.  The largest of the shops is "Everything Goes." It occupies 3 storefronts on the south end of the plaza.  Like a lot of other shops, this one is a conglomeration of shop owned merchandise, and consignment which is arranged in little consignor areas and shelves.  This shop has the largest variety of quality merchandise, and most is at very good prices.  Since a picture is worth a thousand words, I took some.
3	-Everything Goes used to have a way better selection of vintage stuff, but recently it's more like a home decor boutique with stuff you find at Kirkland's.-What happened to the antiques and vintage stuff? I saw MORE modern day stuff than old stuff. Wasn't always like that. -Parking is convenient.-The owner is friendly.-Clean restroom.
5	I've shopped here for awhile......I love, LOVE this treasure of a store. Very friendly owner (Nanci). I follow her store on Facebook and love reading up on all the updates and specials they have. I even told her what I was looking for - for my daughters bedroom and within 12 hours she had pictures sent to my e-mail.I highly recommend this place is you are looking for treasures! :)
5	I love shopping at Everything Goes!! The people  are very friendly and willing to help you find just the right thing for your house:) They have a wonderful selection of vintage furniture and just the right decorating pieces! I couldn't fit a piece of furniture in my car and they were nice enough to deliver it to my house.
5	Very fun little vintage shop.  You never know what you will find here.  There are quite a few vendors who bring in a wide range of merchandise.  I have purchased a beautiful antique console, I brand new Tommy Bahama Travertine Console as well as a lot of vintage and rustic decor.  It's always fun to stop in and see what treasures I can find.  Very affordable!
5	Favorite spot so far! Great selection, most vendors have excellent prices. Lots of fun shops in this little strip mall. This will be my go-to location from now on!
4	Adorable vintage collectables!!I've been to this spot a handful of times and it is my favorite in this strip mall.  The low prices, multitude of deals, and friendly gals always make me feel at home.There are few shops that make you feel like you may find a major steal that the dealer maybe doesn't recognize the mark.I reduced a star because it seemed any item I liked enough to touch was cracked, repaired, or flat out broken.  Wishing they had less refinished items- painted yard sale finds are not my cup of tea.  Also I wish they had more mid century modern or 1960s collectables.In the past I've gotten glassware and a Kimble painting- very reasonably priced!!
5	This place is great! Literally it's businesses like these that Yelpers need to know about! Such great stuff at really low prices. Screw IKEA for inexpensive furniture shop here and get great stuff that nobody else will have. I can't even begin to list how many awesome pieces I've gotten from here but one of my favs is an beautiful oriental end table that was $15. Another time I got a vintage sign for $7 that people have begged me to sell to them (can't blame them, it's pretty cool). Also, the staff is so friendly and nice but not in an annoying paid-on-commission-way- but in a we-love-our-store-and-what-we-sell kind of way. This place is nestled within a few antique stores but Everything Goes is by far the best. It can be overwhelming since there is a lot of stuff but try to focus on one thing at a time. Also, don't be afraid to buy a chair with ugly fabric or a dresser painted and ugly color; use Pinterest to DIY a facelift. I don't even live close but it's always worth the drive.
5	Love this place and always find something to bring home. The people here are the friendliest and most helpful salespeople around. They know where everything is and dig out stuff from the back if they think they can help you. Love the selection and the prices too.
