3	Ate at Hardee's for the first time since the mid-1980's.  It doesn't exist in the Northeast and in SoCal it's called Carl's Jr.  I went because I had a coupon for 'buy 1 get 1 free' "double wide" tacos.  The food was pretty decent and the people working there were relatively normal.  It was a little bit colder than we would've liked since the A/C was blowing despite the cold spell we were having for the past few days.  Overall not bad.  I got another coupon in the mail today so we'll see how the next visit goes.
2	Hardee's keeps me coming back for their incredible thickburgers, however the staff, including the management, at this location is far below par. I ordered a cheeseburger today with only lettuce, tomatoes, and mustard. The first time I received my burger it had only the cheese and beef in the bun. I took it back politely for them to fix and they still forgot my tomatoes. Frustrated, I asked the manager to assist me. He did so by putting two lousy tomatoes in a cup and tossed it at me. Everyone is nonchalant and no one cares about their own mistakes. Get it together, everyone! And fire that manager.
2	Like Brian, it is rare that I eat at Hardee's.  And I was really not in the mood for them this night either, but since this particular location has their Mexican offerings as well through the Red Burrito brand, I figured I could try that if I did not see anything I liked.  I probably should have kept driving.I should note that I grew up on Carl's Jr.  The Western Bacon Cheeseburger was like manna from heaven.  Back in the day, it was difficult deciding between one of these and a double-double.  Seriously.  Who puts onion rings on a cheeseburger?  And then they pull out the unlimited soft drinks?  Nice.Whether Hardee's purchase of Carl's Jr. really changed much about either franchise is difficult to say.  And Hardee's does have a decent burger - but as with most places, it depends on the staff at the location as well as when you hit them up.  And when you go into a burger place for Mexican, you are probably asking for trouble.  Stale chips.  Tasteless glop that is supposed to be a burrito (or an enchilada, or something).  Definitely want to go elsewhere if you are not sticking to the regular menu - and maybe even then.
2	The food at this Hardee's is not bad, but I always go through their drive-thru and their service is horrible! I have ordered different things and they're usually decent with the time it takes, but literally every single time I have gone through their drive through they have handed me my drink dripping wet with overflowed soda, and always without a straw....and they just hand it to me and shut the window. Such a simple thing they make a pain.Today, I felt compelled to write this review because i ordered from their taco/burrito menu and it took about 15 minutes to get my food in the drive-thru. Plus, they committed the drink offense.....again!  They took 10 minutes to hand me a sloppy wet drink cup with overflowed coke spilled all over it, with no straw and then I sat there for 5 more minutes before I got my food.The sad thing is, the people are always nice and the food is decent. If it weren't for that I would never go back. I am sure it's a problem with management just not instilling things in the employees and it is sad because I like the food and the chain.If they can fix the service at this location it would probably do a lot more business.Please fix your service. Your food is different enough from McDonald's and BK to keep me wanting the food, but the service makes me go MUCH less often than I would if it was better.
5	Very clean. Sanitizing score 96.5
2	So,recently my schedule at work switched from one hour lunches to half hour lunches. So, during my 30 minutes I went to Hardees , well actually, to Red Burrito, to get some nachos. I arrive and everything is fine, nothing stands out that would prompt me to write a review, either good or bad, about this place.I get waited on almost immediately and I place my order at fair prices. I'm about five minutes from the office so I decide to eat in. What escaped my mind was the restless mob of landscapers and construction workers congregated near the soda machine where you pick up your food. Odd... but didn't pay much attention. When I get to my table I notice another long table, about 8-10 of them, other workers sitting around stretching their necks towards the kitchen to see where their food was.Five minutes go by and very few of our friends have received their food. Eventually they start trickling out with their delicacies in a paper bag. Oddly enough, the kitchen is swarming with activity. People running in and out of view, tasty, greasy, unhealthy morsels of food being wrapped and bagged by a few employees.And that's when I notice it. 90% of the food is going to the drive through window. And hardly any of it coming to the dinding room.  And I think to myself that yet again, the laziest bastards on the face of this planet win! I felt kinda like when you go in person to some place and mid-sentence the person on the other side of the counter tells you to hold on so the crotchstain who was too lazy to come in and called gets preferential treatment over me!At one point, some douche got mad enough to complaint very loudly and obnoxiously. Unfortunately, it only helped to prove the world is still plagued with douchebags.I waited possibly 15 minutes for my food... took a few bites and had to rush back to work... eating nachos, and making a freakin' mess, in my poor little Sorento.Oh well, not that the food was bad or anything for fast food fare... just sucks how some companies prioritize who to serve.
4	I am so glad they have the fish sandwich and fish tacos back. The fish tacos are delicious.  You can get two fish tacos for 3.33. What I like about its fish tacos and fish sandwich, they are not fried. They are charboiled. Usually when I go the service is good. The staffs I encounter are friendly. If you are in the hurry to get back to work during lunch time, I wouldn't recommend it. The service can be slowed during lunch time. If you like fish please try the fish sandwich and tacos.
1	Omg. Is this really a drive through?  More like a stop and wait and wait and wait. 11 min wait to be precise!  All that wait and the food sucks and was cold.  What exactly did I wait for?  Certainly not for you to cook hot food. Never again.
