5	These guys are awesome.  Recently dropped my 3 month old Motorola Droid in water.  Needless to say it shorted out and I immediately brought my phone to Quick Fix Cellular.  They had some trouble getting it up and running but they persevered and now it is working again.  Thank you, thank you.  I really appreciate all your hard work.  They are very friendly guys and they know what they are doing so it was worth the 35 minute drive for me to go there.   I would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs this sort of service.
1	Dropped my HD2 and broke the glass digitizer. Paid quick fix $120 and in 3 hours the screen was replaced. I was in a hurry so didnt have time to check everything out before i paid and left.After getting in the car and a few miles down the road , while trying to use speaker phone i realized my loud speaker  didnt work. Also the new screen was not set properly (was protruding up and out of the phone).The biggest Issue that i have with this company is they replaced my glass digitizer with a plastic digitizer. The glass digitizer is very hard to scratch , so it does not need something like Ghost Armor to protect it from scratches. This would have been ok if I was told about the change , I could have gone and had the phone ghost armored and been perfectly happy.  By the time i got home with my new  $120 plastic screen , it was all ready covered in scratches from being in the same pocket as my keys (something that wasn't an issue with an unprotected glass screen.)Was perfectly happy with my 5 month old phone , but now i get upset every time i view the screen. I am so upset that i don't even want this phone anymore.  Was happier with my broken digitizer.
5	Quick Fix Cellular is a God send.  With a six year old who loves to play with our electornics, they have already saved me three times.  Two of the three times my phone was fixed within the hour, while I waited.  The third time he had dropped my phone in the toliet so the water repair needed two days.  These guys are not the most professional in appearence (neither is the store), but he quality and speed by which they repair your phone is lightening fast.  Would HIGHLY recommend.On a side note, I had a minor issue with my cellphone recently and decided to use the Inspect UR Gadget near my house, what a mistake.  The price was a little better, but I am now on the fifth day without my phone and they can't even tell me when it will be ready, nor what is wrong with it because they haven't looked at it yet.If torn between the two, don't be fooled by the Inspect UR Gadget website or the prices.  Quick Fix Cellular is ALWAYS the wasy to go.  I will never be fooled again!
5	very friendly. fast. helpful. they were honest and fixed my problem for less than 1/4th of the cost that other places wanted to charge. Thanks!!!!
1	Before I get started, I'll like to say that I've never gotten a cell-phone fixed here - I've only experienced the console-repair side of their business, and that's what's going to be reflected in my review.I first encountered them when I purchased my current Playstation 3. My old model was dying, and I needed to transfer the hard drive to the new one. It's a simple transfer anyone can do with a Phillips screwdriver - I did not however, happen to have one at my apartment, so I decided I'd give these guys a shot.I took my consoles in for an estimate, and asked for a quote. The gentleman at the counter quoted me TWENTY-FIVE dollars for an easy, ten minute job. I was flabbergasted, but I decided to suck it up and go ahead anyway. I'd already brought by machines in, so I figured I might as well get the job done. Red Flag #1!On my way out, the gentleman at the counter informed me that the transfer might not go smoothly because the original 'fat' Playstation 3 and the 'Slim' Playstation 3 might use different kinds of hard drives. I politely informed him that no such difference existed, and assured him there would not be an issue. Red Flag #2!It was approximately 11:00 am when I dropped my consoles off. I was told that the job would be done by 5:00pm. I got a call at 5:30 from a gentleman who smugly informed me that the job wouldn't be done until the next day at the earliest. Red Flag #3!At that point, I'd had enough. I went back, picked up my machines, and have since vowed never to return. If you ever need a game console fixed in the future, don't use these guys. They're as unreliable as they are clueless.
5	Very friendly and helpful service.  I dropped my iPhone and fractured my glass front cover. Trying to read through the cracks was like looking at a Picasso. Got an up front quote and time to fix estimate.  They made the phone look brand new again.  Thanks
5	Called a bunch of places in the valley about cell phone repair. Most places quoted me $80-100+ to repair my screen (glass only). I have an HTC EVO. I was looking for even less, given that my insurance deductible on the phone was $100.These guys quoted me $55 over the phone, and were consistent between reps and in person. Said it would take 45 minutes to an hour, and they got it done in a little less, even. Phone looks as good as new. Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic Service! I took my non-working HTC google G2 phone there (it got wet). They totally fixed it in 5 days; I am very happy with the their work!
5	Had my HTC My Touch 4g glass repaired here and it was AMAZINGLY reasonably priced.  Everywhere else wanted $80 to $120 for repair and they did it for $55.  Not sure what other phones cost (sure it varies based on phone) but to me that was a really, really great price in comparison to the other prices I was getting.  Of course I was cautious because everyone knows the old adage, "you get what you pay for".   But to all, rest assured, this is a legit company based on my experience with them AND they were able to fix my phone on the same day, ahead of the estimated timeframe.  They projected it would take 2 hours, but they had it done in under an hour.  Great service and I highly recommend.Ray
5	After cracking my LCD (not the glass) on my HTC G2 one drunken night I came here to see what they could do for me.Luckily for me they had the LCD in stock and their turn-around time was 2 hours. Perfect. The price was $65. Even better, considering a new phone is $200+The only thing I can say is that the new LCD that is installed is much less bright in direct sunlight than the original one. However, in normal light it is fine. Not sure if this is reflective of them - and I'm guessing not so I'm not docking any points for this.
5	You know you've got it easy when your worst nightmare is cracking your iphone screen.  The time came where it finally happened to me and my first thought was just to live with it until my upgrade was available but I couldn't tough it out.  One of my friends told me about this place and I jumped at the chance to get my iphone fixed before I went on vacation.  It took 30 minutes and  $75 bucks.  Not bad.  I also picked up a phone case while I was there to protect my little gem.Sidenote: my iphone died a week later while on vacation and I had to buy another one anyway.  You break my heart over and over again, iphone.
5	I have Quick Fix repair numerous phones for years and always quick and inexpensive! Last time they fixed it for free! I am their customer for life!!
5	My HTC keypad on my cell phone buttons got stuck and quit working. I called around many companies only to be quoted to much or that it couldn't be replaced. Quickfix not only fixed it but it only cost me $25! All I had to do is wait a week for the part to come in. Those guys rock! I am so happy I found them and will recommend to everyone
5	Great service here. I came out here on a business trip and had phone issues. my friend recommend me to this place.  They answered all my questions and even rush my repair after hearing my urgent scenerio.  The Manager is friendly and down-to-earth. I will be a loyal customer now with the service that they provide and will recommend all my friends.   Thanks Guys!
5	Free quote, friendly service, quick turn around, and great prices. They've earned my business again and would recommend them to anyone, thanks!
5	They have always been so helpful so fast and so cheap that there is no other place I would go. They could have easily been a blank check but they never over charge for their service. I just wish they were in a better parking lot, its always crazy there!
5	I brought my computer here to get fixed yesterday and today, I am happily reunited with it. I work from home, almost completely from my computer and was freaking out when I realized I had a virus. I am pretty much out of business when I have no computer. And of course, my Old Bessie HP laptop which is 7 years old, decided to act up too!The guy who does the computer repairs (Brent) has  done some work for me before on another computer. He is easy to work with, reasonably price and a really nice guy.I'd highly recommend this service for computer repairs. I am a big fan!
5	I was devastated when my iphone screen shattered because of the rumors I've heard about outrageous costs to repair iphone 4s screens. I searched around to see what my options were. Most phone repair stores confirmed my fear, $100. I called Quick Fix and they quoted me $65! My phone was repaired in an hour, and looked brand new. I would highly recommend Quick Fix to anyone.
5	i was an idiot and dropped my iphone when i plopped out of my truck and cracked the screen, well, i shattered it.  i called. they said come in, quoted me $65 and come back in an hour. I went to go have dinner with my lady and my phone was finished before we even got our food. The clerk that helped me was courteous, professional, quick and most importantly they were easy on the wallet. Hopefully i won't need their services again, but if i should, i now have their website bookmarked.  i appreciate Quick Fix immensely.
3	I sent my phone to them to replace a shattered screen and ever since I got it back the battery had been turning on and off, the placed the front camera off-center, and the phone hasn't been getting any bars. The only reason this isn't a 1 star review is that i'll be going to the store this week and replacing the battery but I expect that they will at least recenter the camera and fix the phones antenna for free since the problem on rose ever since they fixed it.
5	A friend recommended me this store to fix the back of my cracked iPhone and i'm glad he did! Cheap, quick, and awesome customer service!
5	These guys held a part for a week and then fixed my iPhone 5's lock button for only $55.. Way cheaper than taking it to the apple store! They said 3 hours & it was ready to pick up when I came back for it. I would definitely go back if I had any more issues with my phone.
5	I accidentally knocked my friend's iphone 4s out of her hand and shattered the screen. Took it to Quick Fix the next day and they fixed it while we enjoyed some coffee at Coffee Rush. In less than 30 minutes they were done and the phone was as good as new. For a super reasonable price as well. I would recommend this place to anybody.
5	Amazing service! My granddaughter broke her screen and we drove around looking for the best place.  All the other places had ridiculous waits or prices! Quick fix was amazing and so easy to work with. There's no other choice in the valley!
5	Tried several places to fix my older iphone, and only this place could do it! Reasonable prices and time frame. Great find!
4	Went here on a Saturday to get a shattered screen replaced on my daughter's iPhone 5. It was quite busy when I arrived, between walk-in customers and ringing phones, with only one employee working. The price, with the Yelp check-in, was about $60 less than the deductible I would have had to pay with the insurance on the phone. The service took longer than I thought it would, but the finished product was excellent.
5	The digitizer screen on my iPhone 4S cracked.  I looked around for a replacement part thinking I could fix it.  I bought the part from Amazon but when I took one look at the You Tube video about how to take off the old one and put on the new one I got scared.  Luckily I found Quick Fix Cellular on Yelp to help me.  I just showed and within less than an hour they had fixed it perfectly!  The courtesy of the front counter person and the back room efficiency was fantastic!  My daughter will be taking her 5C in for the same repair next week.Great service!
5	My brother broke his iphone 5 screen and we were googling places in Chandler to go and get it fixed. We were hoping to spend about $80.00 or so. Quick Fix was one of the first places that showed up. We gave them a call and they said it would be about $95.00 and would take about an hour. They were very friendly over the phone. We called a few other places that weren't very nice and even though they were a bit cheaper and closer we decided to head over to Quick Fix. We waited about 10 minutes when we showed up. The man helping up was very nice and informative. He said it would take about an hour to fix. We came back and hour later and it was perfect! They also give you a 30-day warranty. I would highly recommend this place. Not only were they quick and fair but they were so nice!
5	I just dropped by to get an estimate for putting my iphone back in its body -- apparently it became what is called "unseated."  The guy at the front was nice, took the phone and in less than 3 minutes fixed it! And...didn't charge me a dime.  I will definitely come back here in the future.  Very few businesses these days exhibit such stellar customer service.  Thanks Quick Fix Cellular.
5	After having my iPhone 5 screen replaced by these guys, it began acting up. I called in to have it replaced for free within the 30 day warranty, and I was at day 31. They still honored the warranty and fixed the problem. The way customer service should be!
5	My iPhone's camera lens had been scratched for some time, and my friend recommended this place to get it fixed. I was expecting to have to pay ~$50 and have my phone out of commission for at least a day. I showed up, talked to the lady at the counter, she took my phone to the back, had the back replaced, and it was in my hands in less than 5 minutes. I could now take pictures, and it was only $25! My only gripe is that there is no music in the waiting area. There were a few people sitting there alone and phone-less, so it was a little awkward.
5	Great price and equally great serivce!!
5	Had to replace my daughter's iPhone screen. The ladies working behind the counter were very knowledgable and friendly. Dropped off the phone and they stated it would only take 90 mins. I came back after work to pick it up. Very convenient. It looks brand new! I am very happy I found them on Yelp! and highly recommend them if you need phone repair.
5	I have had the occasion to visit Quick Fix Cellular not once but twice in the past several months to service my wife's Iphone 5c.  On both occasions I was greeted quickly and the service was painless and quick.  Both times the screen was shattered end-to-end and required full screen replacement.I would highly recommend Quick Fix; they feature quick turn-around and there is even a coupon available via Yelp if you check in there towards repairs and services.
5	These guys were great! I brought my broken iPhone in the late afternoon, and they warned me it may not be ready until the next day. They called me around 6 to say it would be available before close! Excellent service, highly recommended.
5	Well done. Staff was super friendly and prompt. Fixed top button on my iPhone 5 for $55. Good price for a needed function. I also have 3 iPads in for screen repair. They hope to have all 3 done by tomorrow. Gave me a time of 1.5 hours to fix my phone and were done in 1!
4	Less than a week before our daughter was due to leave for college she drops her phone on a concrete floor.  Shattered Nexus screen. They had one in stock and it was ready after a few hours. Phone works now, and daughter is off to college.Replacing a screen isn't cheap, but it is cheaper than a new phone.  And the phone is like new now, so we have a happy daughter.Not much more to say.  They do a good job, and they do it relatively quickly.  This is my go-to phone repair shop now.
5	Great service. Drove 20 miles based on reviews. Well worth it. 2 hour estimate done in 30. Who says customer service is dead. Will use them always
5	5th time I have used these guys.  My iPhone 5 home button was cranky.  They looked it over and actually the battery had popped and made the screen bulge so button was not lined up.  45 minutes later I had a full tummy from a gyro from Pitta Jungle and a new iPhone battery.  Knowledgeable, friendly and quick!
5	Just want to say thank you for fixing my phones and ipad so quickly.  I am sure wet will see ya in the near future. . Thank you again for doing such an amazing job! !!
4	Besides the strange clientele that came in and out, they replaced my iPhone 5 screen in less than an hour for under $90 using the Yelp deal. They also provide a 30 day warranty. Lost a star because there was only one employee to assist customers so we waited quite awhile, but they do have a sitting area.
5	Called around and no one could beat this places offer. Quick service and phone looks like brand new. Will go again if I have too (hope I don't have to). They have my business going forward with my products. Thanks and keep it up.
4	Service was quick and efficient. I had a cracked iPhone 5s screen - darn mug fell on it. The crack was fairly extensive and I had shards of glass falling off my phone. Due to an incorrectly entered warranty (freaking Best Buy), I was SOL. So, on a Saturday morning my husband and I made a quick trip here. Within an hour I had a brand new phone screen. The two things that were slightly annoying about this place were the price and the speed of pick up. Since it's a small operation, there was only one girl working when we picked up. The people in front of us had a lot of questions and we ended up standing there about for about 10 minutes waiting to get the phone back. It's minor, but it was annoying. Also, the phone screen plus work was 120 - not a bad price, but it seemed a little high to me. Oh well, it's better than having my screen fall apart or going somewhere shady. We will be back with future phone problems!
5	The fixed my shattered iPad mini screen in only two days! Prices were reasonable and competitive with other shops. The staff was friendly and efficient. I will definitely be back.
5	Absolutely fabulous service. After getting the run around from a 'come to you' service we came to quick fix. A little less convenient, but the price made up for it. In addition the employees were pleasant and worked within there quoted time. The shop is in a nice location as well. My daughter and I got frozen youngest and sat on the lake while we waited.
2	Got my phone repaired here and was stoked with the price. About a month later (after the warranty expired) I dropped my phone on my bed and the screen shattered. Tape sticking out all over. Just didn't look as professional as I thought.
4	Great service!  I needed the screen replaced on my Galaxy S4.  They said they'd be finished in an hour to an hour and a half, and they were finished within an hour.  The staff was courteous and friendly. They were helping a young boy with his phone when I came in, and they were very friendly and polite to him.  Definitely worth the long drive.  I will go back if I have any other cell phone repair needs.
5	Really honest folks here.  Took in my kids iPhone5 with a cracked screen and after close examination the technician determined that the case was bent and a new screen would probably just break again very soon.Good to know that honest folks are still around!
5	Well, 8th time I have been back and this time brought a friend who has an iPhone 3gs he refused to upgrade and his screen was cracked.  $35 later we were out the door and he had a huge smile on his face.  When he got in the car, he kissed his phone!  These guys are the real deal.  Fast, affordable and friendly.
5	Fast phone repair, friendly staff helped me when I cracked my iPhone and thought it was a goner. They fixed it fast and now it's just like new. Awesome find, this is my go to repair shop.
