5	My mom's long-time manicurist, Mary, just bought this salon. The former owner didn't take care of the building or the supplies inside so it's been quite an uphill battle to get this business back on its feet. The spa pedicure is wonderful-- the nice warm water treated with moisturizers, the massage chairs, and the foot/calf rub you get will be so relaxing, you'll be snoring in no time. Mary is the sweetest lady in the enTIRE world and she does everything in her power to make sure you are happy with the service(s) you receive. She accomodated the french tips that I wanted-- a thicker white band than usual since my nails grow super fast. Many manicurists will look at you cock-eyed or flat out agree to do what you ask but do what *they* want anyway. Not Mary, she's a super star!The shop is still "up and coming" as the owners are working on improving the aesthetics of the shop and the quality of materials left behind by former management, so give it the benefit of the doubt and feel good about supporting a business that's well on it's way to fabulous. If you're a friendly, experienced, and reliable manicurist looking for a new salon, call and talk to Mary. Get in on this special salon before it's full.Highly recommended!
5	My best friend introduced me to this nail salon back in the day. I stopped going when my favorite manicurist at the time, Cindy and her daughter who owned the salon sold it and moved to California. I have been going back now for about 3 months and I must say the new owner Mary and her husband are doing a wonderful job. There is one lady still there from when Cindy owned the salon, I don't remember her name unfortunatley. She is very good also she does my mom's nails and pedicure. They have made nice improvements to the salon. It is always very peaceful and relaxing, and very clean. Everyone is always really friendly and nice and do a beautiful job. I have always left pleased. I personally go to Leanne she is wonderful. My best friend moved to California and when she comes to visit, she still gets her nails done with me here.
5	My sister found this beautiful hidden secret in Henderson and I luv them. It's a one stop shop for me, mani-pedi-wax and done. Thank you Mary (=
5	Staff is overall pretty friendly and accommodates walk-ins graciously. The hot stone massage is the best! I only have gotten  pedicures here but have never left dissatisfied!
1	I had a horrible experience here! I am from Hawaii and usually get my nails done there but I am often in the Vegas area for work so I thought I would give this place a try. I am sorry that I did! I needed to take off and do a new set since my french nails had grown out. Instead of telling me that they did back fills, she took them off. First of all though, they did my pedicure. Normally, while doing my pedicure, most places that I have patroned will soak my nails to make it easier and faster to remove them later. Not this place! So, she starts to take off my nails using another nail tip. The place where I get my nails done in Hawaii does a really good job of bonding the acrylics to my natural nails so she had a hard time with taking them off. I have a pretty good tolerance for pain but after a while, I couldn't take it! She kept saying over and over again how this was the first time she had had any trouble taking off nails before. I mean constantly saying it to the point where I started to get irritated! I wanted to tell her to just shut her trap because she kept saying it like it was some excuse that she sucked at this! I told her that normally, nail salons would just soak my nails and sand them down until they were gone but she kept on trying to pry them off. I couldn't take it any more! It hurt so bad that I pulled my hand away and yelled in agony! She still didn't get it so I had to raise my voice a little and tell her to stop doing what she was doing since it wasn't working and it was extremely painful. I told her to just soak them and sand them down because this was obviously not working. When she finally got them off, She did the acrylics and she did an ok job. I did have to tell her to fix one that she had made crooked. Finally, I get gel overlay, so after they were dry, she noticed that there were bumps on most of my nails. So she files them down and puts gel on only one nail! I didn't understand why only one when there were others that were scratchy on the surface! I told her that I wanted them all smoothed out by putting another coat of gel but she said they were on the sides and I didn't need it. By then her appointment had sat at her station and I didn't want to make a scene. I will never go back to this place for my nails! The next day, one of my nails started lifting. A few days later, More than half of my nails started lifting. By then I was out of town already! The pedicure wasn't the best I had but it was still good. I felt rushed though. : (
2	i came here and wanted gel nails..she tried to talk me into something else i said no i want gel...she had to ask another lady about it..the overall look when she was done looked nice that is why i give 2 stars, but i havent evn had them done for a week and there lifting, one broke and as there growing out i see that the gel sticking up, if u can understand what im saying? but i deff will not go back.
4	Still really like this salon, but prefer Mary when it comes to customer interaction. I think she's the owner and is pretty easy going when it goes to sales. She knows that I always come in for a pedicure, nothing more, nothing less and doesn't push me for anything else which the other manicurists tend to do.The hot stone massage is where it's at! Depends on who you get whether or not the massage itself is decent, but I'm just happy my pedicures have lasted as long as 3 weeks because I don't have time to come in on a weekly basis.
4	My toes look great after they were pampered by the doting staff. They are quick, easy and cheap. My polish still looks great 3 weeks later.
1	Worst experience ever! I went to this nail salon because my normal nail salon was closed and I wanted to get a cute full set done before my family came to town. I went in and waited because they were behind which wasn't a big deal. But when i finally sat down to do my nails it was a disaster! I have two request make them sort of thin and short because of my work the nails can not be really long. The whole time she did my nails she kept com planing how i wanted them short then when she was finished she only put one application top coat which resulted in my nails being not shiny and looked half finished then she went on and left me in chair to clean. I even had to go back the other day because i paid for my nails to be done and they were not luckily another technician put three more tops coats and my nails were nice and shiny. Good i thought! Until 2 days later my nails started cracking and lifting. I couldn't believe it! This was a total waste of money and i decided to rip my nails off after only having them for a week total! I will never waste my money here again nor will I return i rather drive the 45 mins  or wait next time till my normal salon is open.
4	I have been here three times now. The staff is very friendly. I like the fact that they don't tell you that they can take you when they don't have time and leave your feet to prune in a pedi bowl. If they don't have time they suggest you make an appt so you don't have to wait.As a fellow beauty professional I really appreciate this fact and will most def be returning for another excellent gel polish manicure!
4	It saddens me to see that some people are really dissatisfied with this place's manicures - I really like Sunset & Stephanie Nails!I have gotten a lot of pedicures here - no manicures - so I really have no basis to judge their skills in that area.  However, I will say that I LOVE their pedicures!  I've spent more money at other places and walked out feeling like I didn't get the treatment I wanted.  That, or the pedicure would only last a few days.Usually, my pedicure here lasts at least three weeks.  I always spring for the deluxe pedicure and I'm never disappointed.  They rub three kinds of goop on your legs to exfoliate and soften.  It gives me the chills - so tingly!  I also love that they use those hot little stones and rub them all over your feet.  Other reviewers are right - the massage (and really, the whole pedicure) can be very different quality-wise depending on which woman is doing the pedicure.  This is the only reason this place lost a star.  Other than that, I really have no complaints!!
5	The deluxe pedicure is fantastic!
3	My best friend and I tried this place because she lives in the Henderson area now. The staff was relatively friendly, but the quality of the work was not so great. We both got full sets of pink and white powder with gel and my set got filed unevenly and when I pointed it out, she continued to file it, making it worse and more crooked.I also had several nails that I had to show her were inconsistent lengths, which more filing still didn't help. Plus, both of our sets started pulling up on the sides within a week. When I went to my usual nail salon two weeks later, he had to pull the whole set off because two nails had internal cracks and he popped them off way too easily. Spend the extra 5 or 10 bucks on a set elsewhere.
2	I gave this place only two stars because the description of that rating says it all, "Meh. I've experienced better." And oh, have I! I was so disappointed in this place after reading all the other good reviews! Maybe we just caught them on an off day. My boyfriend and I went in for pedicures today around 3 pm. This was his first time getting a pedi and I wanted it to be a good experience but honestly it was on the low end of mediocre.  They were a little busy with only three people working so maybe they were just in a hurry and rushed through our pedis but mostly I think I am disappointed because it had so much potential to be really good! We did not spring for the deluxe pedis either but still the quality was just sad. They wanted to use the razor on our feet and when we asked if they could please just scrub instead they promptly rubbed what I think was callus remover on our feet and sort of just rubbed a pumice stone across our heels for all of about thirty seconds and then moved on. I don't like having the razor used on me because I have been cut with it several times at different places so now I just say no! And I don't feel like I should get a half assed scrub just because I won't let someone cut my calluses off, it's not like my feet need a sanding belt taken to them. My boyfriend also remarked after we got home and had a moment to inspect our feet that his girl could have scrubbed some more as well. Anyway, the massage could have been awesome but the girls seriously just moved their hands over our feet and legs for all of about a two minutes total applying virtually no pressure what so ever. Once again, I'm asking for a 5 star, hour long, foot rub but honestly she may as well have just skipped it because I apply more pressure rubbing lotion on my own feet! And then comes the hot stones we read so much about, so I am thinking "oh okay she is going to do the massage with that and before she WAS just putting on the lotion."  Nope, they just quickly ran the stones down the front of our shins, swiped around the sides of our feet and that was it. I can say they did do a good job cleaning up and shaping our toenails and I do really like the polish color I picked! Clearly we will not be returning and that saddens me because this place is so close to where we live, is reasonably priced, and the staff was friendly enough; but I will NOT waste my money here again.
4	I love this place for their pedi's.  The hot stones are the best part!  The chairs are relatively old, so don't expect the massage chair to be fabulous.  The people are consistent.  I am a bit of a perfectionist, so to me the pedi's are good, but not great.  They have a lot of traffic so it is pretty quick.  My suggestion is to spend some more time on the quality of the painting, more hot stones, and ramp up the place to make it more serene, more (up dated) polish, and get better chairs.  Overall, you can't complain that the price is good, the work is good, and the staff is pretty nice.
4	I have been going here every 2-4 weeks for the last year. I get gel nail manicure and deluxe pedicures. The staff is friendly, resolved any issue that I have immediately and they always do exactly what I want. Once in a while I will have a nail chip or break and they fix it as soon as I walk in the door with no questions asked. I am sad that people have given them bad reviews. The few times I have tried another salon in Las Vegas I've always regretted it and come back to Sunset & Stephanie nails.
1	This place is HORRIBLE. I went in for a set of French gel nails and they looked BAD. The nails weren't painted all the way, the white lines were crooked and uneven. They chipped within the first 15 minutes. I went to another salon because I didn't want to complain and they said it would be $15 just to remove the gel. I went back and waited for the lady who did my nails (no trying to make a scene or get her in trouble) and told her I didn't want my money back and to please just take it off. At first she said no they look fine. Another girl looked at them and I asked to speak with a manager. I was told no manager would be there until tomorrow. The original lady then kept saying I am too picky and that I want to look like a model, but can't so I blame her.. (lol really?) At that point I said either have someone fix them or take them off and refund my money. The other girl finally got the manager on the phone and said they would remove them and refund my money. Then the original person began drilling so quickly that she was hitting the skin and making me bleed. I asked her to slow down and that it hurt and she's rolls her eyes and says or what are you going to call the manager? She doesn't care. She also said you can't be a model and I bet you do this all the time. I said no, I went somewhere else to get it fixed first and told you they were full of bubbles.  I asked the other girl to finished. They refunded my money and I gave the girl who finished $10. I went without my nails done and returned without my nails done. $10 to fix her mistake. NEVER AGAIN!!
4	This place is fine. They do a great job with with the basics, and I am told they don't really do any kind of elaborate designs. My only issue with this place and almost every nail shop in this valley, is I can't relax, always rushing an I feel uneasy about that! A girl is trying to pamper herself here!
5	Still going strong. Customer service is excellent, their pedicures are great, my gel nails last longer from here than anywhere else, and I just like the people who work here. Give them a try, they're worth it.
3	They do excellent pedicures and I enjoyed the stones they rub on your leg and feet towards the ending of your pedi. Very friendly staff.
4	I used to go here years ago and then moved back into town and found myself here again. My first visit the lady seemed kind of snooty but did a FABULOUS job on my nails. Even though she made it clear she didn't approve of how I wanted them. None the less I went back today after a horrible fill from somewhere else and instantly regretted not coming back here. They do a good job, the salon looks clean, is decorated nicely and though they charge more than your average salon.... it's worth it. My nails looks nice and they're done just how I wanted them. Thanks Sunset Nails! Oh yeah, and I'm not sure if they're by appointment only but they've made it very clear that they prefer it and are very much respecting of the times of those who do made one.  So I suggest it.
5	Great Pedicure!!!My technician was Vicky, she was wonderful!  I called ahead and scheduled an appointment but they take walk-ins too.  It was a Saturday morning and they got busy about half-way through my appointment yet Vicky didn't rush through my pedicure at all.  The water was actually warm (great on a rainy day and a nice change from the other places I have been).  After a short relaxing soak while sitting in a good massage chair, my pedicure began. They used some moisturizing rub for my legs and let me feet soak while taking off my old polish.  Then she used two different exfoliating gels and one of those scrubbing stones.  My feet were so smooth!After that Vicky gave me one of the best foot massages ever!  Their lotion was moisturizing without being greasy.  Vicky really took her time and didn't rush.  It was very relaxing.  After that she used a hot-stone to finish the foot massage, excellent bonus.  Finally she did my pedicure.  I have difficult toenails that are easily ingrown but she did a great job without hurting me at all :)  As far as the polish Vicky did a great job, even the sides are painted (definitely not like other pedicures where they just paint the top and you think that if you had done that you wouldn't have got paint on your skin either).  My toenails look great!An added bonus was the drying station.  It sounds silly but it was nice to be able to leave me feet on the floor instead of a weird angle.  The customer service was great, all the staff was friendly, and the salon did not have the usual chemical smell.I had a Deluxe Pedicure which I think was $40, a regular Pedicure was $26 I think, and a Mani/Pedi was $36.
5	I got French tips on my hands and feet. They look awesome. I have never gotten french tips so I dont know how much they usually go for. I spent 66 bucks for both. They do use hot stones to massage your calves,  its so nice. Really nice staff and quick service. No appointment needed. I walked right in and only waited about three minutes.
1	I had  appointment, when I arrived they said I was late, and that was it. Then they took two people in front of me, as they spoke there language and laughed. I couldn't believe a business would treat someone like this. After waiting 45min someone finally asked me if I picked out a color. If wasn't for every nail salon in this location having a long wait I would of left. Maybe it was misunderstanding but treated as I was less then is worst then the misunderstanding. Still waiting after 50min. I hope I never treat anyone as I have been treated. If I could I would give them less then a star.
5	Gels by Vickie, great job considering I had no nails left after I removed acrylic nails. She even did an arm and hand massage, who does that in this day and age. They want you in and out so fast that you can't hardly get the chair warm. I will return to see if the great customer service lasts. Thanks Vickie for a great job.
1	My first visit at sunset nails was pretty good.  The lady that did my nails the first time was polite and did a really good job on my nails. So I decided to try them out again since my first experience was so great. Second time around, I didn't call to make an appt because I forgot the name of the place so I came in as a walk-in. The lady that did my nails before was busy, so they set me up with another technician. I didn't get a chance to get her name. She was nice in the beginning, after she started doing my nails right away I could tell she wasn't that experienced. The shapes she did on my nails was all different sizes and the fill she did was not smooth and even. The fill was lumpy in some spots. When I begin to address my issues with my nails she started being rude and started getting frustrated. I told her I'm not trying to be rude I'm just being honest. Then another technician came over and was standing over me while the other technician complained to her about doing my nails. I thought that was rude and unprofessional as well. By this time she had begin to paint my nails as she was painting my nails she missed some spots. So again I told her and she started putting globs of nail polish on my nails. At this point I was pissed off because not only was she being rude, my nails looked a mess and I still had to pay for something that I did not like. I was so mad I didn't even bother to get my feet done. I thought I found a new nail shop to go to but I was wrong. I traveled 40 minutes just to go there and it was a waste of my time & money! Lost a good customer
5	Ive been coming here for years to get manicures & pedicures. Best place ever,its clean the ladies are nice and friendly. Prices are reasonable and will take appointments or walk ins. Always a great experience coming here. Pedicures are the best in vegas with hot rocks...:)
3	The service was great. My nails look fabulous and the massage was fantastic. 3 stars because I could hear the manicurest next to me talking shit and point to a girl waiting to get her nails done. Bad, bad, bad business practice to gossip. Especially to point at the person!!! Can't imagine what she might say about me after I leave.
