4	Having moved to the East Valley from the Midwest, we were presented with grocery stores that we had never seen nor heard of. After shopping most of them over a few months, my wife and I made a selection for the honorable distinction as "our neighborhood grocery store." Fresh & Easy was the winner. The store is smaller and less overwhelming. The produce is fresh, and all products are have "no artificial colors, flavors and no added trans fats." We always check their discount shelves and have found some amazing deals. And their havarti cheese is some of the best I've had. Seriously addicting!My wife is now "friends" with a man in his sixties who works there.  This place really defines a neighborhood market, in a time when I thought the concept was lost.  Bravo!
4	One of my favorite grocery stores, offering well-priced basics along with some specialty items. Their house brands are generally very good, and more affordable than name-brands. And although it's technically a self-checkout kind of store, there has always been an employee available to help bag everything.
4	Fresh and Easy is probably my favorite grocery store. If you are far too lazy to actually ration your healthy foods, come here. They make it Easy. Get it? Anyway, I'm a huge fan of their mixed fruit tub/box/thing. Their pre-packaged meals are hit or miss, and they seem to change it up faily frequently. Some are delicious, some are tasteless, and you have to keep an eye out for your favorites because sometimes they are there and sometimes they are not. These stores have internal rating on their size iirc, so not every Fresh and Easy carries the same stuff. Check around or ask somebody to find exactly what you want.
5	Tons of healthy food.  And don't tell me its pricey if you'll buy a $10 burger at a fast food joint.  I love all of the fresh food! Great for the raw vegan or just someone who wants actual food, you know the kind you don't create with a laboratory.  Excellent. Like AJ's or whole foods but cheaper.
2	This Fresh and Easy had all the products I like but the store itself was not very clean. There was debris on the floor and outside the store. The carts were dirty with trash in them left by previous patrons. Unless this store cleans up I will have to take my business elsewhere.
4	This is a quality market with good selection and good prices.  I was pleasantly surprised by their "Grab and Go" options as well as their selection of individual, cool drinks.I'll come back again for quick meals, heat and eat snacks/meals and "in-between" shopping trips.
2	I used to shop at Fresh & Easy frequently, 3-4 years ago.  After several moves, habit changes and grocery experiences, I thought I'd try it again last week.  I remembered a large selection of produce, healthy meals, easy one-person meals, and good prices.  What I found was a small, frustrating selection of produce, a few healthy but weird looking meals, a lack of products I usually look for, and more high/average prices than low.Let's start with the produce.  5 avocados for $2?  That sounds great!  The avocados themselves were iffy though.  I passed.  Bananas were .17 cents each; not bad.  I bought a small bunch.  The apples is where I got upset.  There was a basket of individual gala apples at .99 cents each.  I searched high and low for a clue that it was actually .99 cents a pound, but found none.  Under that basket is another, with 3 small gala apples packaged together in plastic, marked .99 cents for each package.  The latter is not a bad deal, but I am not going to buy produce, a food which nature designed in its own functional packaging, in a plastic shell.  That is unnecessary waste that doesn't even provide a convenience that some could argue makes it worth it (remember the bags from the other grocery stores?  Where we can select and group our produce ourselves, and choose if we use erroneous plastic packaging or not? The bags which, if chosen, could be reused while walking the dog or recycled back at the store, etc etc?) and it was really frustrating that the pricing system encouraged buying the 3-pack that came in what appeared to be non-recyclable plastic casings.  A plastic case for apples might not seem like a big deal to everyone, but the fact that a grocery store chain is practicing this regularly and actually going out of their way to do this baffles and scares me.  I should have put my bananas down and gone on to Fry's at that point.Next up is the pre-made meals.  I hear they taste better than they look, but they did not look good.  I moved along.  I found a small selection of peanut butter, but they did not carry any of the acceptable brands/varieties I would have wanted, and the ones they did have seemed overpriced.  The only really good prices I encountered was the clearance shelf, which contained two carrot/yogurt packs and one microwavable meal, which were marked down considerably since they were near expiration.I checked myself out, and I did find the checkout process easier here than at Fry's or Safeway.  I won't do self-checkout there if I have produce, but it wasn't so bad here.  Probably because they don't charge by the pound and only have 7 options.  Someone bagged my items for me as I paid, but she did not greet me, say thank you, or acknowledge me further than putting my bananas in a bag.  I left and drove to Fry's to get more produce and the peanut butter.
