3	Can't beat it for $47 US a night.  Free WiFi was nice and helped avoid international data charges on my iPhone, which was much appreciated. The beds were a little stiff, but the rooms were immaculate and well kept.  Good spot for a guy's trip and a very convenient location, but I probably would not bring my wife here solely because of the beds.
4	Aside from the rather thin walls, I was extremely pleased with my stay at Quality Hotel. I booked the hotel through Hotwire, so the price was right at around $59/ night. I had no problems checking in and was well received by the hotel staff. The staff also helped me out with directions and advised me where I could buy a calling card for the US. I enjoyed the down comforter and down pillows in the room. The room also had a tv with a good selection cable stations in both French and English. There was also a coffee maker with coffee and tea set up in the room. The bath products were basic (soap instead of shower gel) but decent. The housekeeping staff did a good job. Overall, I was very satisfied. I would recommend that you bring ear plugs, however. I was very glad I did. The first two nights I was there, when the room next to me was occupied by a rather loud couple, I could hear them talking through the walls. The following nights, when the room was empty, everything was fine. The last time I was in Montreal I stayed at the Nouvel Hotel (which is rated 4 stars). The Quality Hotel (which is rated 2 stars) was really not much different except that the walls at the Nouvel Hotel were considerably thicker and more noise proof. I also liked the location of the Quality Hotel much more, with a Provigo grocery store right across the street and easy access to the Place des Arts metro.
2	I happened to be in Montreal during a weekend in late August for a bachelor party and had booked this Quality Hotel for the occasion. I did not fair nearly as well as past reviewers though. I ended up paying about $160 per room through Expedia. Check in was a breeze and the front desk clerk was friendly and efficient. She was also able to suggest a nearby parking garage (as they were rented out) and restaurants in the area. Unfortunately our rooms were on separate floor and one was on an "upgraded" floor but we could not see much of a difference save a few different pieces of furniture in the hallway and rooms.The room itself was kept fairly clean except for a decent size stain on the carpet. The room had a flat screen TV with a fair selection of English and French channels. Also present in the room is a coffee maker. The cabinet/dresser has a door to accommodate a mini fridge but alas no fridge. We were out most of the night and did not return until about 5:00 am at which time it was quiet so I can't comment on the noise isolation. The beds were OK, a bit stiff. One complaint I have is that we had the air conditioner jacked up to full and it was still pretty sticky. Free WiFi was a nice plus.The location of the hotel is what makes this place. Being downtown, pretty much everything is walkable which was a big plus for us.Overall, I'd say we were paying for the location more than anything. The hotel itself and amenities were par or sub-par in most cases.
4	it was nice that we were in the  heart of downtown. the nice thing the tour buses pick up right there. the front desk staff was knowledgeable and help setup my tours.the room was big and clean. the room had 42 " tv . the hotel has parking under garage. but it does cost.
5	Receptionist was A+++++ Drew out a map for us, gave us the DL on basically everything you could think of- food, bars, dancing, parks, events & shopping. She was the best! Wish I remembered her name! Our room was super spacious and clean. Perfect stay!
