5	Hired Nick for my recent move and I was so impressed I had to add them to yelp!  They have a huge following and amazing reviews on their facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/NicksPicksThriftStore) so you don't have to take my word for it but these guys are the best.They showed up on time and moved a 17 ft uhaul (including a treadmill) in under an hour! They were super fast and careful with all of my belongings.  They made sure each item went where it was supposed to go. They are super friendly and VERY reasonably priced, they really helped relieve some of the stress of moving. Don't look any further for your next move.
5	Nick's Picks are the best movers I've ever dealt with.  Nicholas and Ray delivered and packed 2 U-Haul U-Boxes for us and did an excellent job of wrapping everything up safely and loading it quickly.  They were very friendly and professional and I will definitely use them again if we ever need help moving something.
5	Nick and his crew were really great to work with. I had to make a last minute schedule change, very pleasant and accommodating. Arrived on time had my truck loaded super fast, with plenty of care for my things. Wish I had discovered them for prior moves
5	They were so great!!! I was so scared to move to a second-floor apartment with all my heavy furniture (specifically this massive sofa I got from my aunt) but then I heard about Nick's Picks and they literally saved the day. I don't know what I would have done without them. I had the pleasure of working with David and Chris who were efficient, friendly, funny, and quick. They helped me not only move, but helped pick up and fold up the blankets from Uhaul so I wouldn't get charged extra by them. Because my house was far away from the apartment, the apartment was hard to get to, and I have so much stuff they did go past the 2hrs I initially paid for, but the whole time they kept it friendly and light and fun and I would say they were worth every penny. Thank you, David and Chris!! You guys rock!!
