1	What happened???? Great new store but the service is terrible! I would rather have a smaller store and the great happy people that used to be there. Witnessed a manager, or someone who looked like a manager, yelling at staff but wasn't available to help me. I shouldn't have to explain to my daughter why the lady is yelling at the other lady. Not okay!!!! Will be shopping online or probably elsewhere. Get it together management.
1	I have to agree with the other reviewer. Pb normally has excellent customer service but this store has none. I have gone there twice now to purchase a glider for my nursery, first time I couldn't get anyone to assist me even after I tracked someone down, the second time I returned to give it another shot the sales associate knew nothing about the products and couldn't tell me what style it was that they had on display, I asked if there was someone with who was familiar with the products to assist me and there wasn't. When you are spending a good amount on some furniture you want to make sure your questions are answered and you are ordering the right items, I guess I'll have to find somewhere else to purchase from.
4	As a new Mom-to-be, it can be pretty overwhelming walking into a baby store for the first time, especially when the store has as many adorable products as PB Kids. Luckily I had my sister and Megan, the lovely nursery Manager to guide my frazzled mind! I found the customer service here to be pretty excellent, even when they were overrun with a influx of customers all at once. The staff did a great job getting me set up, answering my questions and guiding me through the store. The store itself is beautiful and filled with so many finds, it could really hurt your pocket book! It's Christmas time and so they had so many adorable decorations. I held back from buying one of everything! I really like this new store and I think I will be frequenting this shop quite often in the next several months. The only downfall was that many of the products were missing a barcode so instead of scanning products, I had to keep grabbing an associate to manually add it. Luckily they were right there to assist!
1	Would it kill the employees to smile? Every time I go here I leave upset. One time I had to wait 25 min. For them to check the measurements of something and I didn't even ask about measurements, it wasn't a big deal for me. Did I mention I had given birth four days earlier? So pissed. Today, I pick up my boopy cover I had them redo since the embroidery thread was unraveling. My mother picks it up for me and the lady says, "Well, I wasn't going to touch it with bodily fluid so I just gave you a new one." Thanks witch. When I brought it in I said I didn't want to wash it and ruin my washer- the thread was really unraveling. I hate this one location. In this day in age when online shopping is the norm, you would think the manager or the corporation would get on their staff. Just treat your customers like decent human beings.
