1	When I first visited Leith we had a bit of a look around - we saw quite a few pubs and aimed to try them all at some point. We abandoned that quest when we stood in front of the Marksman. Cheap, no decor nor atmosphere and quite hostile. I have yet to pass this place without encountering some drunks that failed to make the Marksman debate team. Did I mention I usually pass around 11 am. On a Saturday? Many a times they used to have people on pints at 7 am in the morning - luckily the 10-22 alcohol sales ban has caught up with that. Suffice to say I avoid this place. All that said, I am not too surprised that there are people who find this place the proverbial dogs testicles. Just as much that there are people that find Gordon Ramsay a friendly and sensitive soul. The Marksman has been in Leith a long while now and obviously they are doing something right for a select bunch of people. However I cannot recommend seeking this place out - I honestly think you'll have a better time drinking a can of cheap Tesco super strong lager whilst sitting on bench in Kirkgate Shopping Centre - ..oh wait..
4	The Marksman Bar is very much an old traditional Leith Pub which is full of characters . In the Best Bar None awards they have taken a Silver Award for the last three years which I can assure you is very difficult to achieve. The charity work that is done in this wee small community bar is amazing, so much so that the licensee of the premises won the Unsung Hero Scottish Licensing Award in November 2013. Some of the customers look rough and ready but you should NEVER NEVER  judge a book by its cover, they are actually Rough Diamonds. There is always a warm welcome to strangers.  It is a small pub, spotlessly clean, with very reasonable prices.
1	This basically is a cess pit.  It's awful.  Drunks outside and inside.  Bar staff unfriendly.  I wouldn't take a dog in there.  Please everyone give this a massive body swerve.  I couldn't even finish my pint.  It stinks. Feel I need a wash. Yuk!!
