5	In the continued 'Wich hunt in Las Vegas, a friend led me to believe that there was a different side to these 'Wiches. A side that induced a different feeling; a feeling of warmth, closeness, and health.  Great Harvest Bread Company is like the Good 'Wich of the West! Great Harvest promotes for the healthy conscious with their variety of whole-grain freshly baked bread and hearty ready-made products.  Their welcoming offer of a sample of their freshly baked bread when visitors enter their bakery is their way of saying, "Hey! Try this delicious slice of flavorful goodness!"My gf and I decided to give GHBC a try. As soon as we stepped in, we were greeted with a smile and a generous sample of their artichoke parmesan bread and pumpkin spice loaf with butter! We munched on them while we were glancing over their custom sandwich ordering sheet.  You have your different choice of meats, breads which also have a daily special for an additional .50, cheeses, and different deli toppings.  We got our sandwich grilled (an option to choose) with the daily special bread with pastrami, basil mayo, yellow mustard, provolone, peppercinis, and lettuce!  Yuh-meehhh! :PWe took the sandwich to go so it wasn't as fresh as we'd hoped it to be, but judging from how good the sandwich still was, I can tell it'd be even better! I'm excited to try more of their sandwiches and buying some of their loaves.Cool factor-- What bakery do you know sells food for dogs too?And that, my fellow yelpers, is why GHBC gets 5 stars!
5	A great Bakery that's close to home!I went in with my husband and we both received a fresh slice of bread. Mine was sourdough, and it was delicious with a dab of butter. The lady at the counter was very friendly and helpful, and gave us some literature on the company, which includes the fact that they grind their flour fresh. We ended up getting a scone and a cinnamon roll, both of which were delicious. Next time we go we'll most likely be getting a sandwich and a loaf of bread to take home.
4	Really enjoy me some Great Harvest. The free sample of bread that you get when you walk in the door is nice, but here's what happens to me every time I go there: I walk in and go to the counter where they ask which type of bread I would like as my sample. I quickly make that decision and get my large slice of bread with butter on it, then proceed to order my sandwich (which will most likely have waaay too many toppings on it). While I wait for the sandwich, I eat the bread. A few minutes later, they bring out my sandwich, which is great. And it looks so good! There is one problem, though; I'm not that hungry anymore! I literally do this every single time. I know, a little self-control would go a long way in my situation, but all of the bread is so good! Maybe there's something I haven't tried before. How could I pass that up? The sandwiches here are great, and I've thoroughly enjoyed every loaf of bread I've had bought from Great Harvest. The potato cheese is probably my favorite. The one issue I have with this place - and another review has already mentioned this - is the smell. It doesn't smell like a bakery, a sandwich shop, or even a food place. I don't know what the smell is in there, but it doesn't smell like food. At all. It's a little off-putting, but the sandwiches here are great and more than make up for the olfactory confusion. I go here whenever I'm looking for a sandwich, and it's pretty close to my house, which is great!
5	If you aren't afraid of carbs then DEFINITELY check this place out!  I had some of the most delicious bread today I am soooo full it's disgusting! I walked into this small bread shop because the owner had given me a coupon earlier this morning so I went in for lunch.  He was very friendly and the staff seems to truly enjoy their job! So needless to say as I walked in they were joyful and cheery.  I walked up to the counter and they asked if I wanted to sample some of their bread - I first tried the potato cheese bread and almost died in heaven.  It was so soft and delicious, it didn't even need butter! I ordered my sandwich - I got a turkey on honey wheat grilled with lettuce, tomato, banana peppers and cucumber and it was wonderful.  After he gave me my sandwich he gave me another piece of bread to try - it was pumpkin. Wow... I don't have anything negative to say about this place. I've already recommended it to friends and family! They also sell loaves of bread as well as homemade granola, flour, pancake mix, chocolate chip cookie mix, dog treats, etc etc etc... I can't wait to go back!!!
1	Terrible!!! Not even worth 1 star! My sandwich was sloppy and disgusting looking when I opened it to start. Meat & cheese & bread sliding around couldnt hold the sandwhich together. The bread looked like thin white bread when I ordered sour dough toasted which is always thick! Ended up Throwing it all away & went to Cafe Rio which was amazing!
4	My husband and I stopped by to get a sandwich one afternoon. The small shop smelled great, I had great customer service and the food was good! I read some of the other comments and all I can say is maybe they were having a bad day. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I felt the prices where a little higher than it should be. The Spinach Feta bread was awesome!!! It is a must try.
4	Potato Cheese Bread is the shining star here.....So soft and so yummy and so worth the over $6.00 bucks that it costs!!!The Gingerbread cookie is yummy and I don't even like gingerbread -All the cookies are huge and soft.....The cinnaburst bread is perfect with a slab of butter.The Marzuka bars (granola N raspberries) are yummy but may need to be cooked just a little bit longer. Their other bar is called a Kahuna Bar and it's made just like the Marzuka bar but instead of raspberries they put chocolate chips,caramel and coconut. I don't care for coconut but it's a yummy bar!!!My disappointment is with the Smores Bread - Dosen't Marshmallows,chocolate and graham crackers all mixed into a bread sound just sound delicious ? Well it did to me but man it didn't taste good to me or anyone at work. The concensus is that it tasted like wheat bread with mini chocolate chips in it. The lady also told me that she couldn't put this bread into the bread slicer because of all the marshmallows - boy that got me excited. Well, no one spotted or even tasted a marshmallow. FYI-They will hand cut this bread for you if you want.I love fresh bread and I'm happy that there is a place close to work that I can buy fresh bread from and just from Walmart or Vons. Great Harvest is not cheap but sure is tasty. Don't forget that they have a bread slicer  and a frequent buyer card. Just yesterday they had for sale green colored bread made to look like fingers with red nail polish and orange colored bread that looked just like a large spider - Very cute.....Because certain things aren't there everyday you can special order what you like and pick it up the next day. I only wanted 2 pieces of their Kahuna Bars and they said sure so you don't need to order dozens of something to do a special order.
4	Delicious breads and friendly service.Be sure to pick up a menu to find out which breads they make for what day. But no matter which day you go (except Sunday cause their closed... =[ ) you will find something yummy to try... from their potato cheese bread to cinnamon pull apart to their spinach artichoke to their scones. And big samples each time! And their sandwiches uses fresh ingredients and they have basil mayo sauce... so good! Been meaning to try their bread bowl soups but haven't gotten around to it... I will eventually.Just tried their mint chocolate chip cookie.. yummy.
5	Great service at this location!  After the horrible service I received at the Marks Street location, I had decided that I would never enter another Great Harvest ever.  However, their products are so good and I need an already baked bread for a recipe I've found, so I went to this store.The two women that were working were courteous and provided me with information regarding the amount of time they guarantee their bread before it goes bad.  When I entered, they only had a few loafs of bread to sample and the girl behind the counter assured me that she was willing to open a new loaf of bread from the shelf if what I wanted to sample wasn't currently on their cutting board.I live near Blue Diamond and will make the drive to North Las Vegas in order to purchase from a store that is well versed on the proper treatment of paying customers.
4	Free slice of bread while you are deciding what you want to eat or buy. Awesome. I did see a couple of random kids run in just to get the free slice and leave. But it is their policy. I had the Roast Beef Blue sandwich. I loved the blue cheese spread that they used on the sandwich, it really complemented the roast beef. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The counter gal almost forgot to ring me up for my sandwich and when I told her that I hadn't paid, she was very thankful for me being honest. Karma baby, it comes back in the end if you are honest.
1	This is 3rd time I have been in the place and gotten day old Bread!!!!   Really, really....  You're a bread company, don't charge $6.75 for day old bread.  I have been to great harvest in Utah, Oregon and in Green Valley.  It is the most awesome bread on the planet.  I have to say I am very annoyed at the Decatur location.   The first time, I went with my kids and got it on white and when I said something to the empoyee about it, she said it wasn't baked there and came in the day before.   I just went there and spent over $20.00 on 3 loaves of bread and it's DAY OLD.  I will never go back!!!!!
5	I love it here.  Great sandwiches, friendly faces, and a clean shop.  I love the Chicken Salad sandwich.  Ian makes them the best though.  Some of the other employees don't get the chicken salad all the way to the corners.
4	This location is great!!!!  It started with Tim who took my preorder on Wednesday. He was quite helpful and efficient. Then when I got there today the place was quaint and neat. Unlike other locations you can see your bread options and drink options on the customer side of the counter which is nice. Lori was quite helpful and friendly. She took our order, helped mke choices and explained it all. Then she gave us our bingo cards for August which if you buy certain things and get bingo you get a free loaf of daily bread in August. Then they enter you into a gift card drawing. Nice!!!The menu is nice for a quick breakfast or lunch sandwich. I got a turkey melt essentially with build my own and grilled it. So yummy on light wheat! My friend got a build your own salad and it was nicely done. We got combos and it comes with a muffin or cookie and we both got one for the kids otherwise too much food! They have four bread options to chose from at this location to taste. Got three different special breads as had buy 2 get 1 coupon from the downtown farmers market. The breads are fresh and good, the cinnamon swirl makes good French toast and they all are good in the freezer for awhile. This location has more specialty bread options nice variety!The only reasons not five stars is soooo far away and more healthy options would be nice! This location has different owners than the other one I visited and I like the service and perks at this one better.
5	The sandwiches are delicious an the bread is cooked to perfection. Clean faculty with a friendly staff. There isn't much traffic through there, but the food is delicious! I would recommend to all my friends.
4	I didn't get bread at a place with the word "bread" in the name, but got some bakery goods. The Kahuna is a blonde brownie with chocolate chips, butterscotch, coconut and  walnuts. It's not too sweet or greasy and for $2.50 you get a large square. I will probably get that again. The service was quick and friendly enough. Maybe I'll try the bread next time. They offer samples when you come in of the breads of the day which is awesome. The downside is the selection is loaves of bread, and some cookies so not a full bakery. They do serve sandwiches so if you are in the area it could be a good one for a fast sammie lunch.
3	Here I go again fending off the Vegas hicks, I mean food critics, with half my brain.The place is ok, but with BREAD in the title I expect something sort of like Atlanta bread was.So when I got a sandwich and it was made with whole-wheat Wonder bread I could barely believe it.But I ate it and found that it was loaded with meat and cheese which was good, but if you put the bread on one plate and whole wheat wonder on another, I don't think anybody could tell them apart.
3	My sandwich was amazing. But customer service wasn't too great. The female cashier was complaining about her hours and another employee.
1	It's a sandwich place. Average bread. Average sandwiches. I doubt if they make their own bread there. Went there for breakfast sandwiches and they didn't have breakfast ingredients. Overpriced for what you get. We've had better from a real bread place. Should have gone to one of the local buffets instead...
4	Great tasting bread in a variety of tastes and textures. Some sweet or dessert types are available as well. This is a retail location only, does not have capacity to bake own bread. I enjoyed the complimentary tasting because I was starving. I will definitely be back.
5	Their sandwiches are awesome and you can have a free piece of fresh baked bread while you wait. I had a slice of banana bread today while I waited and it was simply delicious! I always get turkey on wheat and even though I like Subway, this is so much better! The veggies are always super fresh and tasty and the basil mayo is outstanding.You can also purchase loaves of their delicious breads, but I have not done that (yet).The service is always very, very good and staff is always friendly.
4	I first went here because I never heard of them nore did I know what they were all about. Now I do and I am happy I gave them a try! Awesome breads! Different breads for ever day of the week except Sundays as they are closed. Flavors such as pumpkin spice, caramel apple, sour dough are just a few of what they offer. If you can't decide then the free slice bread for you when you walk in may help you decide!  Also check out their menu, their sandwiches are great! Partly due to the fact that they used their own great array of breads!  If you are having a get together and want something different to offer checkout the breads coming from great harvest as they are surely to turn heads and get compliments!
5	Hands down the best, home made type sandwich I have ever had, real comfort food.  It's real bread slices, not that sub crap.  The bread selection is great, different recipes made each day. Customer service is also spot on and you get to try what they have on the cutting board.  Awesome place!
4	Love this place !! The sandwiches are all delicious and I love the bread ! Especially from the bread board :)Only complaint , the male worker that I always see acts like he just hates his job :/ he never offers up a slice from the bread board like the other lady (I'm thinking she's the owner or manager) always does. He's not too friendly either , but not going to keep me away ! I love that you get the option of a cookie or chips with the meal , because the cookies are amazing ! Keep making delicious goodies !
5	Bread was fresh and there were good options. It was easy to order my sandwich exactly how we liked. It was a great sandwich.  Definitely a place we will come back to and recommend.
5	Sandwiches are delicious and bread is always fresh and free of preservatives.  Great customer service, too!
5	This place is awesome. Their sandwiches are delicious and customer service is always great. Don't forget to try their slice of bread samples.
5	Seriously give this place a try! I live close and always pass by. thought it was some plain Jane no flavor place (honestly I did) I love to try crazy things but my friend insisted we go. The sandwiches are so good and omg all the bread and cookies! You can ask for samples of anything, They make their bread fresh daily. The sandwich reminded me of the best possible homemade sammich you can ever make... My mouths watering now
4	VERDICT: Come for the delicious bread, leave for the atmosphere.I really like Great Harvest Bread Co.  They do regular sliced bread a service, by making it fresh, preservative free and delicious.  The difference between Great Harvest Bread and Panera is dramatic.  Great Harvest shies away from croissants and danishes.  Instead they focus on white, wheat, and various other basic sliced breads.  They are really good though.  It really makes you detest going back to the normal grocery store fodder.  The downfall, as is with quality, is the price, about $5-$6 per loaf.  They also have cookies and a few bready desserts.Part deux of this review really has to focus on the experience and atmosphere.  First, I was really excited to find a Great Harvest over by my Costco on Decatur.  I forced Greg to pull over and rush in.  However, there was a group of six or so teenage n'er-do-wells also approaching the store at the same time.  I was determined to get to the store before them and told Greg to hurry or they were going to beat us to the door.  He said, "don't worry, they'll eat up the free samples and you'll get a fresh loaf to sample".  He just said that because he is a lollygagger and hates to "pick up the pace".  I must be getting old since I've already used the terms "n'er-do-well" and "lollygagger" in this post.  Anyway, I let the hooligans beat me to the store.Inside the narrow store, the teenagers turned out to be less of a threat.  It appeared to be closeted gay boys with their Christian-youth-group-approved girlfriends out having a wild time by venturing to the bread store to get a couple of sandwiches and get an inappropriate amount of free samples.  You know, basically being complete rebels.  They were kind of too outwardly excited about their bread samples in a wholesome way, saying things like "I love bread" and "bread rocks".  It was like those Totino pizza roll ads where the kids wax feverishly about their love of frozen food.This process actually took a long time, giving me an ample amount of time to give Greg the I-told-you-so eye for being a lollygagger.  Something I'm sure he was oblivious to noticing.  During this time, I was also able to look around at all of the customers sitting at tables.  There were quite a few of them.  I would say at least ten people scattered through the sitting area.  Then it struck me as being incredibly odd.  Every single person was facing the counter.  Every single person was not eating, drinking, or talking.  They were just staring at the counter.  I felt this existential feeling like I was starring in Sartre's "No Exit".  They were the audience and I didn't know that I was in the play.  It was bizarre.  I know, I know, I often accuse restaurants of being cults, as in crEATe and the nearby Salad Creations, but I think I'm on to something. It was odd.  I have no idea what is going on there.In any case, I get the counter with my Dakota wheat bread (sooooo gooood).  I get my choice of free samples and the girl behind the counter offered me the heel of the bread.  Those n'er-do-well, hooligan, gays and their beards stole my chance for a decent sample.  And Greg's lollygagging didn't help either.
1	There food is absolutely delicious. Amazing bread. The food is 5 stars, but I'm writing this review because of their service. My boyfriend and I were grocery shopping one evening and decided we wanted to get a loaf of Great Harvest bread instead of a loaf from the grocery store. We walked in and were not greeted at all. Not even a hello. We were the only customers in there so there really is no excuse. We eventually decided on a bread from the rack and approached the register. Still, no physical words left the employees mouth. I saw that there was a loaf of bread on their free samples cutting board and expected to get offered a slice. Never happened. But, what really irritated me was my boyfriend specifically asked, "Oh, that looks really good ! What kind of bread is that ?" The employee told us it was coconut. My boyfriend then proceeded to say, "Oh that must be amazing, I love coconut!" .... STILL DIDN'T OFFER US A SAMPLE !!! We will not be returning to this location. I will drive to the other side of town before I step back into this location. (btw, all the other locations I have been to go out of their way to greet you and offer you a sample before you even make it to the counter)
