3	WIld Burger is Station Casino's newest gimmick to get people in the door of their Wildfire properties. The billboards and ad blitz worked, I decided to give them a try. Basically WIldfire ripped out the small cafe they used to have and put in Wild Burger. When you walk up the small ramp to the restaurant you are met by someone who will say Hi and then explains their menu and tells you how to order. You place your order and pay on the spot. I look over the menu and tell her I want a wild burger. She then asked how I wanted it cooked and I say medium well. (Don't laugh, there's a backstory on why I like my meat cooked medium well unless I know the meat's source). I add an order of onion strips and a drink and hand over my debit card. I ask if they swipe players cards but she says no. That's dumb, guess they don't care how much money I spend with them. Then I get handed the receipt to sign. It has a place for a tip. If you don't have cash to leave and have no clue how the service is going to be how do you know how much to tip? I scribble down some numbers, grab my drink glass and off I go. The place is clean, not too bright, but it's got a ton of flat screens. And while some of the TV's look great, a few have some image quality issues. My fountain drink is also kind of flat. Yep, fountain drink hell strikes again. It's better than nothing so I grab a seat and wait for my food. Since the food is made to order I temper my expectations on timing and I get my food fairly quickly. What arrived was a pretty stacked hamburger that did leave a good visual impression. I snapped a picture of it and the onion strips sill in their little metal fry basket. I check out the condiments, I've got A1, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco, Grey Poupon, and more right there on the table ready to go. I got extra napkins already tableside which will be needed, and so with that it's time to give it a try. The hamburger was not bad. It was very messy though. You need to use the Guy Fieri double grab holding style to manage it but it was pretty good. They cooked it right, you could taste the meat, the tomatoes were fresh, the onion was there, everything was as it should be. The onion strips were disappointing. They're too thin, and they fall apart when dipped into any sauce. Not impressed with them at all. Overall, it wasn't bad. Would I go out of my way for it? No. Wild Burger needs to watch and tweak a few things. The concept is good, but this place is not quite ready for primetime just yet. Also hearing the staff gripe about the place or talk about their personal lives in explicit detail isn't too cool either. One last thing. This place DESPERATELY NEEDS WET WIPES or those little cleaning cloth packets so you can clean your hands.
4	Five of us decided to try the new version of Wildfire's attempt to do food right at their casinos.  I have been looking forward to the opening and wondering what they will put on the menu besides "burgers" and since they tout "pick your meat" what exactly the selections would be.  Oddly I am not a fan of beef, so why a burger joint? If I eat beef I prefer a good burger so anticipation was high.  And tbh I was looking forward to see if they would venture and offer bison, or some exotic meats.First glance at the menu reveals beef, turkey and veggie burgers.  Well, ok.... a selection but not much beyond what you can find anywhere else.  Between the five of us we order five different things, so good opportunity to sample.  The food came along in fairly short order considering there were five or six tables that all came in at once.The Turkey burger was good, stacked well with toppings just like I asked for.  I ordered the coleslaw which had to much mayonaise for me and was a mess.  My wife ordered a burger so I got to taste that.  It was a generous size, with a good amount of toppings as well,  The fries were thin cut and in a little metal basket.  Cute.  The fries were good but I think they should offer thick fries as an alternative.  While the burgers were good, there was not much flavor to them other than beef, not much seasoning there so that could be both good and bad depending on your preferences.One person in our party ordered breakfast, and he likes eggs with the whites cooked thoroughly but the yokes still somewhat soft.  They missed the mark on this one.  But they made up for that a little with their home fries, they were pretty good.  However that said the home fries would be better if they added onions and maybe bell peppers, and for me, lots of garlic.  That should be an option.We also ordered chicken wings with the Honey Mustard Garlic sauce.  Wings are wings and hard to change them up, but I must admit I did like the sauce.  And speaking of sauces, they offered a variety all of which were good.  I was a little disappointed in the garlic and ketchup sauce tho, it tasted just like ketchup.  They need to work on this one a little.Overall the food was good, a bit spendy but good.  I would like to see a few more appetizers on the menu for a variety like quesadillas (do them right if you add them Wildfire!).  We go to this casino on occassion and watch a game, it would be nice to have an appetizer selection for bar food or if sitting at the sports book.
4	We've been to Wild Burger now 3 times and I think that if they can be just a bit more consistent with how long it takes to get food, they'll be in great shape. We're vegetarians, so we've only had the black bean burger. That being said, they make the patty in house and it is very tasty - moist and with a lot of flavor. We have no complaints about the quality of the food. The service has been a bit uneven. First off, it isn't service per se- you order at the counter, they deliver food to your table, but otherwise, it is self-serve from there. Two times we have been there, the food has been relatively quick. Once, it was inordinately slow. I think if the kitchen is a bit more efficient, it will be a great spot for a veggie burger.
2	Let me start off with that I am a huge fan of build your own burger joints and this place isn't bad, but it's just not that great. I have been a few times since they opened to give them a chance to work out any issues in the kitchen and in the service. Overall the ingridients used in the burger are top quality and I am a huge fan of the onion strings as they taste both delicious as a topping and as a side. However, when you begin to build your burger, mind you it will get messy when you eat it, so do not go here on a first date or for a business meeting as you will look like a savage when your done with your meal. Or at least I did :)My one knock against this place is the way they cook their meat. I prefer my burgers cooked to a medium-rare to medium range and while I know this is not Morton's steakhouse or the Burger Bar, they do ask you how you want your burger cooked. And every time, it looks and tastes well done even when I have asked for it to be as rare as possible, like just sear the outside and I want it dripping in blood. But when the staff asks me how my food is and I say the meat is over cooked, they tell me its the lighting in the that restaurant makes it look well done and not their grill cooks in the back. Really now? Really? Do I look that stupid to you? Just apologize and offer to make another or just apologize is all I really want to hear.
2	Smokey restaurant because it connects with the casino inside of the Wildfire. In addition, it is weird that you have to order before sitting down and they pour your drinks or beer at the cash register. They are running it like a fast food place, but it should be set up as a restaurant. It is just weird.The food was very mediocre, pretty standard burgers. I had the Cajun Turkey, boyfriend had the Wildfire burger...nothing special. The prices are reasonable and the   ladies working there were nice. Maybe they have a good breakfast menu? They had several TVs showing several basketball games, so that was some of its appeal.  The burger prices range between $7-$10 including side of fires, onion rings, or cole slaw.
5	I love this place. People are quick to judge because this place has been here for awhile, but I am here telling you this is the best burger in Henderson. I've been to all Wildburger establishments and this one has been consistently the best. Don't get me wrong, all of them are good, but this one is the best in all of the top categories. 1)ServiceService here is great. The gals upfront always have a smile and are extremely courteous and friendly. The General Manager has been known to pop his head in and truly seems interested to know about how our food is.2)FoodI've had the classic wildburger and I've had the boneless wings and I can safely say that the burger is top notice. The bun holds up well, nice and quality. The burger itself is always cooked exactly how I want it. The slaw the burger comes with is amazing. It really ties the whole burger together. The onion strings are the best, the presentation is awesome. Little fry baskets?! Genius! Always golden brown and delicious. 3)Atmosphere The ambience here is what you would expect from any stations property. Well maintained and clean. No smoking in the restaurant, so it's nice to be able to breathe. Flat screens galore, if you want them to change the channel the server will be more than happy to do so. Bottom line: if you want a high quality burger, this is your place. Fast, friendly service. Ten thumbs up!
3	Solid burger and fries... High prices. Given the type of casino this is, I would really want to spend over $5 for a burger and fries meal. Yes, that is an option for lunch... But they don't advertise it inside the restaurant and you can't really "build your own" unless you want to pay about $7-9 a head. Service was ok ... We had to wait at the cash register to order because there wasn't even anyone there. They also make you tip after ordering which is kinda lame since you haven't eaten or experienced the service yet. I probably won't be back.
4	Tasty burgers!!! Cole slaw could use some help.
4	My daughter and I went in for dinner and both chose the crispy fried chicken breast sandwich it comes with cheddar cheese lettuce tomatoes and a yummy sauce + I had onion rings, also yum! she had fries. the chicken was cooked perfectly! We both had soft drinks and it was $21.  You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. Not too smokey tonight sometimes it can come in from the casino.
