5	In the parking lot of Mike's discount beverage, shaded by a rainbow umbrella, is a little cart of happiness. Delicious happiness. For $2.50 you can own a piece of it, in flavors ranging from chocolate sea salt to blackberry mojito to grapefruit mint and strawberry lemonade. I think their main location will be mike's on sunny afternoons, and they keep the Facebook page updated to let everyone know when they're there or elsewhere. Seems to be cash only at the moment.
5	Hand-crafted popsicles. In my city. The Queen City. It doesn't get any better than this. Also, with the onset of Spring/Summer in the QC, I'm expecting to spend close to 99% of all gross income on nothing but popsicles. It's a long road ahead. Flavors....dear, great, god of all treats. They are incredible. Thus far, I've had:Mango Habanero Lemon BasilGrapefruit MintOrange BasilBanana CinnamonMango BlackberryStrawberry BalsamicOn the "Must Try" List:Chocolate Sea SaltMexican ChocolateChai Teaand EVERY OTHER ONE AVAILABLE.Catch these guys in multiple locations around town. Corner of 36th and N Davidson, next to Brawley's on Park Rd, near Price's on Camden in South End, and soon to be Uptown at Trade & Tryon.Summer just got much, much, much, much, much better.
4	Such a cool concept! I was happy to try a pop from King of Pops after a Wednesday run at NoDa Brewery. I went the safe route with the Banana Strawberry Orange (I'm not sure if the fruits are in the right order) because I had just ran 3 miles and thought this flavor would be refreshing. It was so yum. You could tell the popsicles were made fresh and from real fruit, not the sugary and preservative-laden stuff from the grocery store. For $3 a pop (see what I did there?) I felt they were reasonably priced. My only regret? Not going for the Banana Cinnamon pop. I heard that one was the bomb! If you can catch the KOP cart out on a warm day, I would highly suggest grabbing one. Perhaps you should be a little more adventurous than myself, though, and spring for one of their crazier flavors like Chocolate Sea Salt or Strawberry Balsamic!
5	If I still lived here I would be a Fanatic about these!  This is my first "Food Cart/truck" kind of experience and review!  How Embarrassing!  The One Guy I met Friday -South End - I liked very much!Like others you have to look at their website to find out where and when!  This is Cool in a way!Grapefruit Hibiscus!  Very Good!  Mostly Grapefruit with a hint of Hibiscus!  Perfect Balance! Pineapple Habanero!  Perfekt!  Hotter than you may expect though plenty Cool!
4	I am indeed a fan! Love the idea of a Pop cart. My favorite so far is the Chocolate Sea Salt. Mighty tasty! I've also tried the Strawberry Balsamic and Orange Vanilla Saffron. Sadly, I didn't like those two that much. Really didn't get any Saffron or Vanilla in the Orange Pop, and the Strawberry...not a fan. I know everything is handcrafted, they just need a boost in flavor. They basically have Pops du jour so I'll have to go back and try more. Lots of great combinations that I want to try! Follow them on Instagram @kingofpopsclt and check their website charlotte.kingofpops.net for locations. Enjoy!
5	I've seen the King of Pops cart at the Davidson Farmer's Market for the past few weeks, but rainy and cold Saturday mornings don't get me in the mood for a frozen treat. Luckily this morning was much nicer and the warm weather left me craving something to help cool off. It was the perfect morning to see what exactly the King of Pops has to offer from such a simple staple as ice pops.The guy running the cart was very friendly with each group that interacted with him. He has a dry erase board in front detailing all the different ice pops he has available, ranging from the fruit based to the milk based. There was quite the variety, and the flavors are more on the gourmet side of the pop spectrum. You won't find cherry or grape here...try chocolate sea salt, grapefruit hibiscus and earl gray lemonade. The iced goodies are $2.50 a pop and worth every penny. Each one is individually wrapped and he will neatly snip the plastic off for you before handing it to you to help reduce the sticky mess.Being a hot morning I went with the strawberry lemonade, which was obviously fruit based. You get the chunks of strawberry in it which was awesome, and an overall strawberry flavor. Not really an artificial flavor, but an actual strawberry flavor. The lemonade side of it was light and delicate, but added a bit of tart to the overall flavor of the pop. It was very good, but not as great as what the missus got.She got the banana pudding, and it was phenomenal. It's a milk based pop, and it almost reminded me of a pudding pop from when I was a kid. You get the banana flavor right off the bat and it was nothing short of awesome sauce in a can. Yet you can't have banana pudding without the Nilla wafers, and that is included in the pop. I'm not talking about chunks of ground up Nilla...there is a HUGE GLOB of Nilla wafer right on the stick, and the banana pudding pop bases itself around it. The combination of that righteous banana flavor along with some mushy Nilla mouthfulls makes this the most tastetacular pop ever!!!I wish these were cheaper, only because I would love to buy a 12 pack so we could feast off them throughout the week. $2.50 is well worth the gourmet pop you get, and with tons of flavors that appeal to both kids and adults, this is a must-have if you happen across one of the stands. While it may be too price to have daily, I'd be more than willing to spend that weekly to help give me a sugar boost to push through the crowds at the Farmer's Market while the sun blazes down upon me. I'm looking forward to trying all their flavors as the summer progresses.
5	One more food cart that I can't resist King of Pops!!  It makes me want to keep a cooler in my car so I can take some home!!  I tried the chocolate orange!  Can't wait to try all of them!!!  OK, so day 2, couldn't resist, drove by at 333p and tried the thai tea popsicle...  Yay!!!
5	A damn good Popsicle. You can not go wrong with the Choc...well any of them.
4	The King Of Pops cart just makes me smile. I see the rainbow umbrella pitched above the brightly decorated cart and I know I'm in for a treat. These pops come in flavors that will delight the child in every foodie. The flavors rotate regularly, except for chocolate sea salt (the most popular flavor) which you'll find time. It's a good thing too because it is amazing.Do yourself a favor and track them down! You can find their location on their website: http://charlotte.kingofpops.net/
5	I am over the moon that we now have a popsicle cart addition to Charlotte! And these aren't your normal pops, either! Unique flavors/combinations & oh so refreshing!These guys have the Charlotte-area metro on lock. With multiple carts, they can set up shop all around Charlotte AT THE SAME TIME!  Luckily, my friend & I caught them at a recent Food Truck Rally in Southend. I think the $2.50 is well worth it. On this particular visit, I had the chocolate sea salt (which is my favorite sweet treat anyway). Make sure you follow them on twitter & instagram...they're really good about announcing their location(s).
5	I liked King of Pops so much that I am going to go out on a limb and say  that having one of these frozen treats is better then going out for froyo and is better then most ice cream parlors. They have so many interesting flavors to try including cream and water based pops, as well as sweet or more semi sweet pops. We got the coffee pop and key lime pie pop. Both were delish but you have to try the key lime pie. The key lime pie was super creamy and had some lime zest as well as graham cracker around the stick to mimick the key lime pie crust. Whatever you end up getting, I seriously doubt that you will be disappointed.
5	1.Chocolate Sea Salt- Wonderful. I get that one everytime no matter what else I try. Just add more Salt please!2.Salted Caramel- Great caramel flavor. Add more Salt please!3. Arnold Palmer-My favorite drink hands down and the pop isn't half bed either4.Earl Grey Lemonade-It's okay, leaves a bad after taste.5.Watermelon Mojito- Don't know how I feel abouth this one other than the lime needs to be pumped up!6.Iced Coffee-Amazeballs!!!!!7.Strawberry Balsamic- No thanks8. Orange Vanilla Saffron-Not bad, more vanilla and saffron flavor please9.Strawberry Banana-Ehhh10.Coconut Lemongrass-Cool and refreshing. Very good11.Pineapple Habanero-Love it!! Nice level of spice12. Banana Puddin'-Tastes like the real thing and had nilla wafers!13.Key lime Pie-Perfect on a hot day!14.Strawberries and Cream-I'll pass. Needs some sugar15.Pomegranate Lemonade- I didn't actually have this one, but my friend said it was good lol
5	BEST THING I'VE EVER HAD!!!  We tracked these poor guys down from a visit to Food Truck Friday in the South End to NoDA JUST to try some of these famous pops.  And we were NOT disappointed.  I had the Key Lime Pie pop, my friend Nikki tried the Iced Coffee one, and Bryan tried the Strawberry Lemonade pop.  OMG!  Mine had real graham cracker crust inside!!!!  Tasted like a key lime pie wedge on a stick!  Nikki's was amazing....just like a delicious iced coffee on a stick.  Bryan's was refreshing with real strawberry bits......again, best food on a stick I've ever had.  Can't wait to track them down and get some more!!!
5	Oh my gosh!  I had a strawberry Popsicle and it was delicious!  My fiance had a salted chocolate one and it was as good if not better.  Definitely will look out for King of Pops again!
3	When we went yesterday, we did go later in the afternoon, so by the time we got there they were out of a lot of the pops. I wanted to try the key lime pie, but no luck. My daughter did get the mango/strawberry(?) pop. She initally said it was good, while standing in front of the owners, but when we walked away to Noda, for a beer, she said it tasted weird, and threw it away. I will probably give them another try, maybe earlier in the day. Great concept and cool little place to hang out.
5	I love this place/ cart!  It's happiness in my mouth.  I was a bit skeptical to try an Iced Coffee Popsicle. I thought it would take a bit Ice-y (if that makes sense) and not too flavorful.  I am so happy I was wrong! These popsicles are drenched in flavor and the ingredients taste whole and balanced.  The Iced Coffee taste rich and are an ideal after dinner treat. If you see the umbrella, stop!  You won't regret it! And they take cards.
5	Awesome! I got the Grapefruit Hibiscus flavour, and it was amazing. The guy working the cart was extremely friendly and made me more excited about the company when he said everything was handmade and fresh. Plus I found out you can order a box of popsicles on their website!
4	I tried the raspberry lime and the blueberry vanilla...both were excellent!!The Blueberry vanilla took a few bites before I could really get the full flavor but once I did it was refreshingly scrumptious. The raspberry lime had me at first bite....it was bursting with flavor and the raspberry didn't overpower the lime nor did the lime overpower the raspberry..it was just a perfect combination.The popsicles are on the smallish side or maybe I am just a pig...but I wish they were a little bigger.  I would like to try a few of their other flavors in hopes of this becoming my new go-to spot for a sweet complete, but I'm not "there" yet.  I enjoyed it but I am not at the point of stalking this truck every week.  I look forward to my next visit.
4	Saw this cart at the vintage Charlotte event today and was super excited to check them out. Got 4 different pops today since I was with a handful of people and I tried them all. The chocolate sea salt was good but it really just tasted like a normal fudge cicle...nothing to write home aboutThe lemon lavender was really good and a very interesting flavor however the lavender was pretty strong and started to remind you of soap after a while. The raspberry lime was great! Neither the raspberry nor lime overpowered the other flavor...great balance! I would get it again for sure. Saved the best for last cucumber mint!!! So refreshing and delish! Reminded me a lot of cumber water...very clean taste! If you don't like cucumber probably not the pop for you but if you do definitely go for this one. All in all so glad that I got to experience King of Pops and I can't wait to try their other flavors.
5	YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM went to the cart at Food Truck Friday across the street and got blackberry margarita flavor and my friend got the chocolate orange. Very tasty and refreshing, they melt kinda fast though. I like to think its because they are all natural. Kinda pricey at $2.50 each but a very yummy treat.
5	I love the King of Pops cart! The popsicles are delicious, fresh, fruity, creamy & so flavorful. A refreshing delightful treat. I highly recommend anything w/ coconut, the thai iced tea & blackberries and cream. If you see the cart, pull over immediately, you won't regret it! :)
5	Ahhhh I love them. And by now they should know it. Because I've told them. Several times. Amazing pops. The key lime has graham crackers in them. The pineapple ginger has real ginger in them. The watermelon mojito - real mint!My friend Brandi and I stalk them around Charlotte and constantly go find them for a cool summer treat. So far, I've savored the flavors of:Raspberry LimePineapple GingerKey Lime PieStrawberry LemonadeWatermelon MojitoIced CoffeeBlackberry MargaritaLooking forward to many more tasty treats. See you soon, KOP!
5	"Nobody's gonna want the whole damn ice cream truck if you're handing out the popsicles for free!" -- Never Been Kissed (1999)Oh King of Pops, I love you so much I popsicle stalked you all the way to another state!  Having started coming to Charlotte for business every other week it seems, I figured that I might as well get my pop fix while I'm here (I can't exactly transport them from Atlanta without meltage occurring).Anyway, each trip, it hasn't worked out that a cart has been convenient to my meetings or needing to drive back to Atlanta.  This time, they just so happened to be about 5 minutes from my hotel about the time I was arriving from the ATL (yay me).  So I drove past my hotel's exit and stopped off at the Meeting Street Market and found that nifty rainbow umbrella and met Neil.Unable to decide from the list on the chalkboard (I didn't want any flavor I could get in Atlanta - and yes, they are different), I went for 2 pops.  I bought the Fresh NC Peach (I had to compare the NC peach to the GA peach) to eat immediately and then the Orange Cream for later (not knowing we would eat so much at dinner).I would say that the peach pops are almost indistinguishable - however being a Georgia Peach myself, I have to side with the GA pop.  But let's be honest, you cannot go wrong with a King of Pop - EVER.KoP NC keeps expanding and expanding and I urge you all to try them and find them around town and support your local businesses.  These guys make a quality product and I just cannot get enough - before I did anything else when I came into town, I found KoP.  "Nuff said.I heart KoP.  #loverofthepop
5	I really dig this little operation they have going here. The girl running the cart outside of WF Atrium today recommended the blackberry, ginger and lime. That's what I got and its so flavorful! Good aftertaste with the ginger. Next time you see them in your 'hood, stop and get a treat.
5	Keep an eye out for Popsicle Carts around town. I have seen them in Front of JJ red hots, Good Bottle, and the Food Truck Friday.  I really enjoy the Raspberry Lime pop, and the Ginger Pop.  They have all types of fun exotic flavor combinations.   For the adventurous try the Lemon Basil Pop very intense!
5	Strawberry Lemonade was So Refreshing! & the bite of Thai Tea I stole from my friend was Yummy! Cant wait to try one again
5	Spotting the King of Pops cart around town is pretty exciting.  We found them last night in front of JJ's Red Hots.  $2.50 for any ice pop is a little much... but it sure was good.  I had the Raspberry Lime (fruit based), it was tart and refreshing!  Next time I'll try the Chocolate Sea Salt (cream based).
5	I will stop by King of Pops whenever I can, and make a special trip to get a popsicle!Flavors I've tried:Pomegranate MargaritaApple CiderKey Lime PieRaspberry LimeLemon BasilThai TeaChocolate Sea SaltFresh PeachFlavors I want to try:Every single other kind
5	Finally! After drooling over everyone else's review I was able to stop by here after dinner at Lebowskis with Kelly C. I got the chocolate sea salt, which is cream based and ah-mazing. I would probably go here every day if it was always in the same place. Towards the end I was a complete mess and covered in chocolate, but it was well worth it. A must go and only $2.50 for awesomeness!
5	They come by my office building every Tuesday and it's the highlight of my day...great price ($2.50) and worth every penny.The employees are always so nice...I just hope they continue to come by during the winter (doubtful though).
4	I love the fact these Popsicles are deliciously handmade. I love the burst of exotic flavors that King of Pops sell.I have tried: - lavender milk and honey: which tasted odd in a weird yet pleasing way. It had that aromatic smell of a clean taste.- lemon basil: another delectable treat. Loved how refreshing and invigorating the flavors this gives- thai tea: you cannot go wrong with this. It is just like drinking a Thai tea at a Thai restaurant, but in a Popsicle. YUM!! Con:My small, itsy bitsy gripe are the hours and location of the rainbow cart. I have gone numerous times, and twice - they were not set up at the stated place their website back in Aug and Oct. My husband had to rely on their twitter feed.. (Even that isn't current.) Which I do not have an account with... To owner: I want to have some Popsicles on a cold day also!
2	Decided to take the family by one Sunday afternoon during late summer, when they were set up in the parking lot of a local eatery. When we walked up, it seemed as if we were interrupting the kid with the headphones on. There was a nice selection of super random pops, which is why we came in the first place. They were OK. I expected more for the price I paid. All in all, overpriced, and hopefully the kid is having a better day.
5	Well, considering I stalk King of Pops all over our city.... time for me to write a review.How do I begin to describe my ongoing love affair with KOP? I've had 6 Popsicles in the last 4 days. Pretty sure I'll be in an episode Intervention soon. $2.50 a pop and it's worth every single damn penny. Bonus: they take credit cards. I could sit here and write a novel listing every flavor I've had. Let's just break it down to this: they're all good. I can't even pick a favorite. I love the Thai Tea, Iced Coffee, Lemon Basil, Mexican Chocolate. I had the Raspberry Rosewater one this weekend. Holy.Follow KOP on Twitter and Instagram to find out where the carts will be and what flavors they have.
5	It seems gimmicky to have a business dedicated to selling gourmet popsicles, but now that I've been to King of Pops half a dozen times, I've ate my words and I'm one of their biggest fans!Throw away any preconceptions you have of what a popsicle can be, these are nothing like the cheap frozen popsicles you find at your local grocer. The flavors are much more creative than anything you'll find in the store, and the quality is much higher. They're the perfect size for a weekend treat, and they have the calming effect of inducing smiles and lightening the darkest of moods after a long work day.As most do I have my favorites, one of them being the chocolate sea salt, but the banana pudding has ascended to the top of my frozen desserts podium. It's fantastic, has real chunks of bananas and cookies, only in the convenient form of a popsicle. Do yourself a favor and enjoy the sweetness of the best popsicle you'll ever have.
5	I have had some good pops in my day, but theses top them all. I had the pinaple habanero and it was a treat. Nice and sweet with a slow burn. You will just have to try it for yourself. I would also recommend the chocolate sea salt. Yum!
5	I LOVE King of Pops!  It's so cute!  I wish it was my business!!  The people who work and frequent there are always so cool.I used to always tease my fiancee for going there so much.  He always got a pop after his run at the Noda Brewing Company on Wednesdays.  I am now eating my words.  Recently, they have had their little cart parked outside of JJ's Red Hots, right near where I work...everyday!  I gave in one day and got the raspberry lime...yum!!!  It's sweet, tart, and refreshing. Next time I tried the Chocolate Sea Salt.  Oh man...think fudgsicle with a touch of salt to balance the sweetness.  It's perfect and a bit more indulgent.  Right up my alley.  I ran with the guys last week and got the Grapefruit Orange Blossom.  That was perfect for a hot summer day...super refreshing.  It wasn't my favorite, but I can see loving it more if it had been hotter.  I just couldn't resist the temptation and the urge to try a new flavor!  Next on my list, Salted Caramel!  I'm coming for you!!!
5	Oh man! This place is delicious. They have food carts throughout Charlotte. I see them a lot near Snug Harbor and Central Coffee. The chocolate sea salt is decadent. The Lemon Basil is soooo refreshing during a hot, southern summer.They have a main location that is near NoDa brewery. I recommend checking it out as well. They seem to be trying to do more event-type activities. Check out their facebook page. They do things like Valentine's Day pops and Christmas-themed pops.
5	I got orange basil & Tim got chocolate w/seasalt. My popsicle was good...but his was better! Cant wait to try some of their other flavors!
5	There isn't much more I can add that hasn't been said, but try Key lime pie (gingerbread crust frozen right inside), banana pudding (nilla wafers inside), Thai tea (tastes exactly like the beverage), and raspberry mint. The creamy pops are definitely more rich and tasty, but the icy pops are best for a hot summer day. Soo refreshing. These guys are uptown in the wells fargo plaza wed - fri typically, until 215 or so. Get 'em while its summertime!
5	Chocolate Sea Sale...hands down best popsicle I have ever had.  And being a graphic designer I can appreciate their super cute branding.  If you ever see one of their carts on the side of the road, do yourself a favor and pull over to pick up a pop.
4	With the summer heat upon us, now is a great time to find the King of Pops cart. They have all sorts of popsicles, but not the standard variety that you might be used to as kids - instead you get things like grapefruit, cinnamon, fig and jalapeno. These are definitely not your mama's pops, but don't let that deter you.The most difficult part other than finding them (look on their web site for upcoming locations) is deciding on what you want to order, because just about everything is tasty. The good news is that there are plenty, so don't hold back - get one of each, or catch them the next day and get more. You might need a second job though, because these babies are addictive.
5	We finally got a popsicle from King of Pops are totally in love! I had the strawberry lemonade and it was delicious, I could taste and see the strawberry seeds in it! My husband had the cookies and cream and it was also very tasty, I highly doubt you could go wrong with any option they have and they have a lot! We will def. be going back. Also, the cart takes cards!
5	Great homemade popsicles.  I have three favorites that are hard to come by.  Salted Carmel,  cookies and cream and oreo cheesecake.  If one of these are available then pick it up!  Still haven't tried one that I didn't like.  The fruit ones are good as well.
5	So hard to choose a favorite with so many delicious choices!! Love the Banana Pudding (made with real vanilla wafers- my pop had an entire unbroken wafer in it!), Chocolate Sea Salt, Salted Caramel, Blackberry Ginger Lemon...oh man these pops are addictive!!But fortunately, I am seeing them "pop" up in more locations out here in the 'burban Ballantyne area.... The KOP mobile cart can be found in the Ballantyne Corporate Park a couple of times a week, and the pops can be found at JJ's Red Hots Ballantyne & the Butcher's Market in the Village @ Robinson Farms (formerly the Meat House).Can't wait to try more yummy flavors!!
