4	I can't believe I'm the first to write a review on this place. This place is tucked away behind a butcher/grocer called Segal's. I went for lunch and ordered a calzone. My wife ordered some slices. Though the ambience was very plain the food was delectible. Definitely worth going.***I've noticed that recently they've added sushi to the menu...hmmm.
5	Well, I'll have to begin by explaining (in answer to Gene's question about the sushi/pizza combo) that this is a kosher place. No, that does not mean that a rabbi has blessed you pizza. It does mean that the cheese on the pizza is vegetarian (i.e. no rennet);this is a vegetarian jointand it has a zany and off-the-wall menu which now includes a Mexican night (Wednesday?).I am a pizza snob to the core. King Solomon's has been hit or miss in the past as it has changed ownership a couple of times. I wanted to revisit today before writing a review. I ordered the lunch special- two slices and a drink for $5.99. The slices are AZ size as opposed to NY size. This is just fine by me- two slices fill me up nicely. The sauce is generous and flavorful. There was just a little too much cheese for me, which means it's light on the cheese for your average Zonie. The crust is thin and crisp.I have heard mixed reviews concerning the Israeli platter. I have not heard anything about sushi or Mexican here.Warning: KS is closed on shabbos: sundown Friday to sundown Saturday. Saturday night it opens and is subsequently flooded with families.Great place. Go.
4	Yes I would like some French fries and falafel with my pizza. I just went here for lunch again, I go every few weeks. While the name may say pizza there is a interesting array of food here. Fish and chips, falafel and tuna pitas, Mexican food on Wednesdays and Sundays and many Italian classics. One of the biggest pros for me about this place is that it is all vegetarian, kosher too for that matter. So if its on the menu, there is no meat on it in it or even near it.This time I had a flafel pita, the pita had a bit of a crunch from it's toasting on the oven, Inside the pita was some crunchy on the outside moist on the inside falafel, fresh cucumbers and tomatoes with a tahini sauce.  It came with a side of fries and additional tahini. I also had a small slice of cheese pizza, the crust is thin but has a nice consistency and the cheese is pretty good too. Every table has garlic oregano and red pepper but the Parmesan is missing.There are fountain drinks and bottle drinks for sale, but no alcohol.Note they are closed Fri night and sat afternoons.
5	Fish enchiladas or the 5.99 slices and a drink special. This was the dilemma I faced today, as Every Wed and Sunday is Mexican day. The Italian and other favorites are still on the menu, but you can also get an array of meat free Mexican dishes.For 8.99 I had one of the priciest menu items, the fish enchiladas. Three talipa stuffed corn tortillas toped with cheese and green sauce, served with rice and beans. The rice was nicely seasoned and the enchiladas were full of fresh tasting fish.My friends ordered a whole pie well done, and man it did look good.This place is mostly veg (except the fish). They are kosher so they are closed on seemingly random days and Saturdays.Most food is cooked to order and fresh, and fast. Nice staff and both bottled and fountain drinks are available.
5	Great Kosher pizza! One of the very few pizza places where I actually eat the crust as well. Full of flavor and a must try. Me and the wife ordered the Godfather. It was packed full of flavor!Can't wait to try their other items on the menu!
5	The food here ROCKS!  I was a bit doubtful at 1st because this is a Kosher restaurant.  But I was hooked at 1st bite.  I've only had the chance to try a few of the dishes here, but it has all been very good.  The "garlic knots" a MUST.  The staff is super cool and very nice as well.  The complete dining experience.  I can't wait to get back there soon.
5	The amazing garlic balls alone are worth visiting Arizona!
5	Thank you, Yelp! If it wasn't for you, I never would have found this place that is 2 minutes from my apartment. I had never had kosher pizza before today and this is a great NY style pie. Having lived in Chicago, I'm usually partial to a heavy, thick pizza but King Solomon's found its way into my heart at first bite.The restaurant itself isn't the most fancy place, but it has plenty of seating for customers dining in. Also, it's tucked back in a tiny plaza just south of Camelback Road so you have to keep your eyes peeled.The staff was friendly and asked me how I preferred my pizza (crispy or otherwise). When I got home and opened the box, I wasn't blown away by the pizzas appearance. And then I tasted it... everything about it was delicious. I got a 14" with mushrooms, garlic, and black olives. They didn't go heavy on the toppings, which I prefer. There was a great balance between the sauce, cheese, and crust. My favorite part is the sweet, buttery trace that I can't quite put my finger on.I'm from the midwest. I'm picky about pizza. King Solomon's for the win.
1	Well, I would love to have tried this wonderful food that I read about in the reviews, but I guess I never will.  King Solomon's Pizza lost my business on the first try by playing a game I absolutely cannot stand.I ordered my pizza over the phone. I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes, to which I thought was pretty fast.  As the gentleman who was taking my order was ready to hang up, I said "Don't you need my name and number?". He replied that it wasn't necessary. That should have clued me in.So, I drive over to pick up my pizza.  I walk in and I'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter.  I let them know I'm here to pick up my pizza that I ordered via phone and go on to describe it to them.  One guy tells the other what I ordered, conveniently ducks out as the other guy THEN begins to make it. REALLY?So I stop him and tell him why did I order over the phone if they had no intention of making it until I got there?  He looks at me and all of a sudden can't seem to understand English and goes back to making the pizza.Nice try JERKS.  I tell him to forget it as I will take my business elsewhere.Apparently this is done because they do not trust the customer to show up and pay. This same technique was used on me before a Chinese restaurant in west Phoenix. Fool me once shame on me. Fool me twice, screw you!
5	Absolutly WONDERFUL pizza!!  This pizza was so delicious!  This was by far some of the best pizza I have had in a looooong time!   Crust was nice and light and they have a great selection of toppings and it is KOSHER!  Win, win!  Small place with BIG taste!    As for the one review about ordering it over the pone and having it not made when he went to pick it up, well, all I can say is just go in and buy your pizza in person.  They are a small busniess and I do not blame them for not trusting if someone comes in after they order.  That said, if this did indeed happen, I can understand the frustration of the buyer but again just go to the establishment and wait for the pizza to be freshly made and eat it on the spot!   It is worth the minimal wait and it was SO GOOD!  Thank you King Solomon's Pizza!  Yum!
4	We live 5 mins away and we've driven by sooo many times, but we've never been in. Let me say that I am so glad we corrected our mistake. We stopped in to order the 14' cheese pizza and it was wonderful!  It was as close to pizza from NY without going to the NYC. They also have a great 2 pizza slice and drink lunch special.
4	First of all, we are not vegetarians. We were driving around one Sunday afternoon and decided to look for a pizza place. We saw a few but none that stood out. We finally stumbled upon this little restaurant...nothing fancy but I don't really care anyway. The young kid at the counter was friendly and guided us to a table. The owner came and took our order. He seemed very humble and answered all our questions. I noticed they also had Mexican food on the menu. Hmmm...interesting. Maybe next time. Anyhow, we decided on one of their large specialty pizzas and an order of garlic knots? Not sure if that's what they're called but they were pretty good. The pizza was good also. I think they make their own dough. Overall, the food and service was good. It's a little out of our way but we'll be back next time we're in the area.
3	The pizza is good, although not the best amongst local kosher pizza places. They offer a great lunch special of a slice of pizza and soda for a discount. The Sunday and Wednesday night "Mexican" menu is delicious. Make sure you order early because 80% of the time, they run out of food by 5 or 6 pm.The friendliness of the staff is hit or miss. Arturo is amazing and wonderful.
5	Mmmm....kosher pizza, fries, and dessert!  It's probably not the healthiest combination, but I can't complain one bit.  They know how to make good pizza and it's fun to go with a group of friends without having your Kosher-observant friend feeling left out.
5	This is a great casual pizza place.  We really enjoyed our cheese pizza.
5	Excellent pizza!  I ordered a 14" cheese pizza from the counter, it was ready very quickly, and it was very tasty!  If you like a New York style pizza, go check out this place.
5	The best pizza I've had in my entire life!!!
5	Best Kosher Mexican!Also, garlic knots are fantastic!
