4	Long-time dairy farmers this AZ family-owned operation specializes in goat's milk cheese like chevre and feta.  The feta has a pure quality and clean taste.Picked up some at Petit Fromage and their cheeses are also available at most of the farmers markets. Also heard that they are hoping to sell their cheese at their farm in Buckeye later this year.
5	These are your go to-  goat cheese people . Not only do they make good cheese but they are an awesome long time local dairy family that I have adored for over 10 years! ..Love to buy local? You should  than hit up one of their stands at one of the Local Farmers Markets. Try the bucky breeze , it's like a sour cream/ creme fraiche   I love  the feta it's super yummy with eggs !!
4	Now open on Saturday s out at the Goat  Dairy. Do you want to see where your goat cheese comes from ? Then head out to Crow's Dairy and check it out. Educational , Fun  and Friendly ....
4	They are regulars at the Downtown PHX Market and their products are available in the PHX Public Market as well.  Now I have to say while their quark is quite tasty, and makes a great dip and salad dressing, their chevre is a staple in my refrigerator.  I put it on just about everything, veggies, meat, fish, crackers...I have sampled all thier products made available at the market and I can say no matter which you choose to take home you will be pleased.  And the light, tart and tangy flavor is more versaitile than many believe.  I have converted a few who have turned their nose up at goat cheese in the past.  It's that good!
5	Really everyone? Just 4 stars? Crow's Dairy get's 5. They have the best chevre I've ever tasted. Consistently excellent smooth texture. The flavor has the nice tanginess of goat cheese but it's very smooth and clean. Some goat cheeses can get a little too overwhelming. I've been buying them at a various local farmer's markets for a while. Since I'm slow on the uptake I didn't realize it was available on the shelves of the Phoenix Public Market every day of the week. Now that I know that I'll be eating it much more frequently. Yum.
5	If you like chevre, you have to try the chevre from Crow's Dairy. I'm ridiculously hooked on it. So is my almost 8-year-old daughter, to the point where I sometimes hide the chevre in the fridge for fear she'll eat too much of it before I get to it. I've had both the plain and peppercorn, which are fantastic on wheat crackers. I've also tried the quark, which I like to smooth over a toasted bagel, and the feta, which is great.  But the chevre is my first and best love from Crow's Dairy, and whenever I need chevre, I try to make a trip to the farmer's market rather than buy it from a store, as the store-bought stuff is never as fresh and tasty.
5	As a long time lover of great cheeses, and especially feta, there is no place better to get your cheese from than Crow's Dairy.I have tried almost all of the different kinds they make and I think the worst part is picking which one to buy.  The regular feta and the peppercorn feta are two of my must-haves.  The peppercorn gives a nice little kick thats great paired with tomatoes and cucumbers.  Also, the chevres are creamy and so delicious.  If you are looking for more of a sweet treat from your cheese, definitely try the butter pecan.  It tastes like a delicious cheesecake and I could literally eat an entire container by itself in one sitting (thank God for self-control, right?)I would say that worst thing about Crow's Dairy cheese is that I have to wait until the weekend Farmer's Market to get it!
5	Do you like feta or cheve goat cheese? Crow's Dairy makes the beat cheese ever! They also started making gelato that is to die for! While their cheese is used in a lot of restaurants, you can also find them at a ton of farmer's markets. If you see them around, definitely try it!!
5	Hands down, the best milk I have ever tasted! If you live in Estrella Mountain Ranch, Verrado, Litchfield Park, Buckeye, Goodyear or Avondale - this family owned and run farm is just a few minutes away in Rainbow Valley! We just returned home with 2 gallons of vat-pasteurized goat milk that I'm sure won't last the week. If the only goat milk you've had is from the grocery store, you've never had good goat milk. Call Wendell (623-WENDELL) during the week, and you can make an appointment on Saturday morning to visit the dairy and purchase milk, goat cheese, or anything else they have made fresh that week. We've also had their ricotta and ice cream, which was absolutely delicious. On our first visit, Wendell gave us a mini-tour to show us how they care for the goats and their milk. It's a permanent part of our Saturday morning routine, now! They do recommend you bring an ice chest - we haven't yet but we live really close in EMR. Stop by and visit - you'll wonder what you waited for!
5	I only wish I could find more of their products. YUMMY! A word to all: SUPPORT YOUR SMALL LOCAL BUSINESSES. You will get fresher, healthier food and keep more of each dollar you spend in your community. Good job, Crow's Dairy. I love your goat products. Let me know if you make ice cream. I'll be the first to go out and buy it!
