1	Run, run, run! Please do yourself a favor and do not rent a property through Brady. We rented a house from them from March 2013-Feb 2014, and had constant troubles with maintenance requests and communication. Here's a quick summary of issues that you could potentially face if you chose to use them as a management company:- Appliances (Range, fridge, and W/D) not installed until 5 days after we moved in, despite them saying that they would be there the day our lease started (and paying for the use of said appliances!).- Ignored maintenance requests. Despite us renting a "rehabbed" property (in the $1800/month range, might I add), there were so many things that were wrong with our unit ranging from broken windows, no hot water in the shower, broken HVAC, bricks falling off the the facade of the house above the garage (crashing down from 2 feet from our car), and worst of all a LEAKY ROOF (we had to put a bucket in the kitchen to catch the stream of water that would run through the light socket onto the floor).- Making sure that requests were addressed properly was a joke, and required CONSTANT follow-ups on our part. If we didn't follow up multiple times, requests would take weeks to be addressed, if addressed at all. In fact, our leaky roof NEVER got fixed for an entire year. (Pretty sure this is the definition of a slum lord?)- A refusal to fix some type of underground leak that resulted in a $200-$300/month water bill claiming we were using 60,000 gallons of water a month (for 2 ppl!?). Yes, water is expensive in Vegas, but definitely not that much! Our friends that had pools/grass had bills in the $40/month range.- An unfair amount of our security deposit was withheld to fix things that were broken before we moved in and never fixed (and we can prove in their marketing video on our unit that the issues existed before we moved in.) . We've rented from professional management companies in large cities for over a decade and have always left our rentals in tip top shape, so that we can get our full deposit back. We've NEVER been docked for repairs before using Brady. Warning: if you do chose to rent with them, you can kiss your deposit goodbye, unless you'd like to take them to court to fight it.If you're a property owner, I would also not advise you to work with Brady. They will not take proper care of your unit, and will let it deteriorate. I'm sure the owner of our property would love to know that a leaky roof went unfixed for a year, causing who-knows-what unseen damage and rot.
5	I have worked with Brady Realty group (and David Brady directly) in a business-to-business fashion for the past 18 months, on a monthly basis in terms of business dealings. The staff and David himself have repeatedly been pleasant to deal with, professional and have fostered a positive business relationship. I have always had timely return communication as well.We have typically worked together from a distance, but upon my last in-person meeting with David several months ago, I was pleased to see that his staff, his office and his personal demeanor matched the positive communications and dealings that we have had over the phone. I recognize that despite the fact that the Property Management business and renters community are ones that have mostly very well-intentioned people, there are questionable companies and tenants alike. Unfortunately there are always a minority of property owners that are not diligent about approving property maintenance and a minority of renters who wish to complain about abiding by mutually agreed to rental contracts. However, my experience has been that as the middle entity within landlord/tenant relations, Brady Realty group has demonstrated a consistent focus and priority towards paying attention to how they treat both parties and about their reputation. I like dealing with businesses where the owner is actively involved.I would encourage anyone seeking to do business with a dependable and reputable property management business in the Las Vegas area to put Brady Realty group on their short list to call and consider before making a decision. I trust the reputation of my business to be tied to that of Brady Realty Group and expect such a positive relationship to continue, with David leading the way at his business.Thanks for being such a steady and positive business partner David. Your team is great!
5	I have worked with Brady Realty Group for over one year and have been impressed with the professionalism of both the company and the owner, David Brady. All of my communications with Brady have been responded to in a timely fashion. As a landlord, I can attest to the difficulties with some tenants. When the smoke detectors in my rental townhouse began beeping because they needed new batteries, my tenant responded by removing the smoke detectors and shoving them in the back of the linen cupboard. The tenant allowed mold, mildew and soap scum to build up on the showers so that the grout became permanently stained. (The cost of replacing the grout in two showers, once the tenant vacated, was $600.) I think there are times when tenants are not good caretakers of a home and don't realize the damage they are causing. I believe David Brady is a conscientious, ethical guy whose company does its best to balance the needs of tenants and the requirements of landlords, all within the terms of the rental agreement.
1	So crazy.  We called from California.  Heather met us at our condo in Vegas that we desperately need a manager for.  She was on time, professional, very nice.  We were sold!  We returned home to L.A., filled out all their paperwork, and faxed it.  Never heard another thing.  Left 3 messages with the receptionist at the office, they promised she would get back to us.  Not only did Heather never get back to us, but NO ONE from their office did.  In the meantime, we found our own tenant, which is way time consuming for us, but at least we didn't get a tenant in there w/ Brady and then find out they would never be available to help the tenant, or us once we were actually paying.  Weird, though - what kind of company is perfect while they're trying to get your business, but then doesn't want to actually take your money???
1	The other 1 star ratings on this place say it all.  This place is both unprofessional and inefficient.  Things no one appreciates: walking into their new rental home full of trash and broken things, being talked down to when they call to report a problem, and failure to address major issues (such as plumbing or safety issues) with homes....When you call you get lovely Kim who hates the world and everyone who talks to her, or Milena who couldn't care less about the quality of her work. This place is a real shame, and the saddest part is that the home owner of our property doesn't even get a real report about the actual state of her home (i.e. Serious water damage, etc...)  Definitely avoid working with this sad excuse for a business if at all possible.  There are much better options out there that will save you the headache, rude excuses, talking in circles, and unpleasant attitude and demeanor of this "professional" establishment.
