3	The museum is cleverly located inside a hangar, on a winding road near the airport. The wallside exhibits detail planes from both world wars and give the history of Morris field, the air force base that later became Charlotte Douglas airport.But obviously the real draw of the place are the planes. Fighter jets, copters, bombers, passenger planes, little dinky joyride planes. You got your Tomcats and Phantoms and F-something or others. The place was crawling with volunteers on Saturday, willing to give you the rundown or show you around in one of the three boardable planes. Even our guide who couldn't have been a day over 16 knew more about those planes than I think I know about most things. I think the spot would be grand for any amateur plane lover, I'm not sure how much it has to offer to a true aficionado minus the opportunity to walk up and touch the actual restored planes. The place is also quite family friendly, lots of touching is okay and there are chairs in random places for the folks who just want to sit one out. It's a fun little stop for an hour or so I'd say. Adults were $11, I think kids mightve been 5.
2	I think the effort to make this a tourist attraction is there, but I consider it a disappointment.  The aircraft selection is just ok.  A couple of decommissioned fighter jets, an experimental aircraft or two, shiny old Piedmont passenger plane and a small handful of others.  Most of the aircraft are roped off, however three to four are not and with supervision, you can sit in a cockpit or two.  The hangar includes a few glass case displays, isn't very well lit and smells a little of motor oil (to be expected I guess).  Apparently there are a few more aircraft outside but due to a security issue, there is no access to those.  The show stopper is the Miracle in the Hudson US Airways airplane.  As  of July 2nd, it's still being assembled but is on display with a rolling video feature of a TV documentary detailing the actual events.  The first thing I noticed was that it's LITTERED with corporate logos.  That's terribly disappointing.  The museum has a Smithsonian type attraction and to see corporate advertising all over it was upsetting.  My hope is that those will be removed at some point and the museum will allow people to actually board the plane.  If neither one of those happen, I think it'll be embarrassing for the museum, the city and for the folks who paid $11 to see an iconic attraction they way it was supposed to be seen.  If you don't HAVE to see the Miracle aircraft, my advice is go to an airshow near you.  You'll get to see some aircraft actually in the air and most include a "static" component.  In those cases, the planes usually are not roped off and you may even get to meet the pilot.
3	Since my father worked in The Industry (that is to say, for an airline), I have had some exposure to planes for a good part of my life, whether I wanted to or not.  And while I am not usually a fan of many museums, one that promises aviation information is generally going to be at least marginally more interesting than one that is simply full of somewhat static artsy content.Nothing wrong with artsy, mind you, but it can quickly dull the senses, you know?Unfortunately, the same is true here.  Sure, they have a gigantic plane in the middle that was the star of the show during a dramatic episode where many lives were spared as it splashed down in the Hudson (that old guy did his part, but the plane was no slouch).  And as Casandra mentioned, there are plenty of others scattered about too - but unless you are a first-class plane geek, there is little to get really excited about since they just sit there.For most, you can be in and out in ten minutes or so, unless you choose to watch the Miracle on the Hudson movie, playing on a set for your viewing pleasure.  But do you really need to come into the cavernous hangar to do so?  Probably not, and you would likely be more comfortable in your recliner at home.  About the only advantage is that you can pick up some trinkets from the gift shop on the way out.There are some neat planes, but for most, there is not a lot here worth seeing - it is not a "hands on" place and the general public can bore quickly.  Something more akin to the train museum in Spencer which has better interactivity would offer a nicer experience all around.
4	The Museum is located next to the Charlotte/Douglas International Airport. Admission is $12 for Adults, $10 for seniors, and $8 for military, kids, and students. The main museum is located in a hanger with a gift shop in an adjacent building. Various aircraft ranging from jets, helicopters, and gliders, both military and civilian, are located inside and outside the hangers. Notable mentions are the US Airways Flight 1549 Airbus that crashed in the Hudson River back in 2009, a DC-3, CH-47 Chinook, an F-4 Cockpit, an Air Force One Replica, as well as several other neat aircraft. Not only do you learn about the aircraft itself, but you learn about the story behind the aircraft. The tour guides are very helpful at answering any question you may have and are very friendly and knowledgeable. The gift shop sells models of aircrafts as well military novelty items. Overall, if you have an interest in aviation, check this place out, there is room for improvement down the road, but I enjoyed my time there.
3	I took my husband here as a surprise.  He wanted to be a fighter pilot when he was growing up, but thanks to horrible astigmatism, that dream was dashed!  The museum is really a hanger, which is cool because it ties everything together.  The downside though was that it was really warm.  There were people at certain exhibits that were able to answer any questions you had about certain gadgets and planes.  One was a bit crabby and had this "I'm better than you" vibe to him though.  The other that we spoke to was very polite and funny.This isn't an all day museum, which is unfortunate with how much it costs!
4	Small but enjoyable museum that's perfect for a fun afternoon with the kids. The 'Miracle on the Hudson' exhibit is the centerpiece, but our little ones also enjoyed being able to climb into the cockpit of a Vietnam-era fighter jet and other cool planes. You can go through the whole place in about 90 minutes, and then head over to the nearby runway overlook at Charlotte-Douglas Airport to watch the planes take off and land. Our kids loved it!
4	The Carolinas Aviation Museum is a fun two hours if you are a history, military or just a fan of awesome big things.  It is $12.00 for adults, $10.00 for seniors and $8.00 for Veterans.Typical hours are 10 AM - 4 PM.There are plans from the Wright Brothers mock plane to large Boeing commercial planes to military jets.  You can walk and sit the cockpit of a Boeing Piedmont plane as well as an air force jet that can go mock 2 (That was way way way cool).The big selling point is that this is the home of the Air Airways flight that Scully landed in the Hudson (Miracle on the Hudson).  With all the damage and structure intact, this was an awesome site.  There is also an exhibit of personal items from the flight and a full video describing the events of that flight. This is a truly memorable site to see.The staff is very friendly and open to answering all your questions.
4	"A Miracle on the Hudson..."I absolutely LOVE aviation so this was one place my BF and I had set plans to visits. I've been to the aviation museum down in Pensacola and in D.C., so compared to those, this one is REALLY small, but it's more of a tribute if anything. We've all heard the story of the airplane that landed in the Hudson, well... you can see that exact airplane here. It was on it's way to Charlotte from La Guardia airport when it struck a flock of Canadian geese and lost power. They have a documentary playing, which I truly recommend watching. It's a powerful story to hear, and you will have moments where you need to wipe away a few tears. I love heart-felt things, and despite the size and lack of sights that this museum has, it's still memorable, and worth checking out.If you don't have your college ID on you, it's okay. Hopefully, you have a smart phone, you can just log on to your student account and show it to them to get the student discount.
4	The Carolina's Aviation Museum is located adjacent to the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It is a rather small museum consisting of a variety of Military and Commercial Aircraft's housed in a single hanger. The centerpiece of the Museum is the US Airway Airbus A320 which was force to crash land in the Hudson River after striking a flock of birds which disabled both engines. Everyone on-board US Airways Flight 1549 survived what has been described as "The Miracle on the Hudson."   While at the "Flight 1549" display be sure to watch the documentary presentation, which details the events of Flight 1549 from departure, the landing in the Hudson and the rescue. Also on display is a Douglas DC-3 that was flown by Piedmont Airlines and a DC-7, flown by Eastern Airlines.  There are several Military Aircraft's also on Display including a Harrier Jump Jet and an F-14.  The museum has a small gift shop with a number of Flight 1549 related items.  I enjoy my visit to the  museum and would encourage anyone who has a long layover in Charlotte to visit the Carolinas Aviation Museum.
4	So honest moment I was actually here for another event but what a treat it was to have it hosted such a great venue. While we waited for our event to start we were able to walk around and read a little history on the planes and models that were there. By far the best attraction was the plane that was in route to Charlotte and landed on the Hudson. After seeing the damages and reading the stories this was nothing short of a miracle. Another really cool feature is that they have preserved personal items from the passengers and flight crew which is a really nice touch. If you're into history, aviation or just want to know more about this memorable flight...you'll want to visit here!
4	I have flown into CLT countless times, but until I made a trip to CLT for the purpose of visiting the Aviation Museum I had no idea it was even there. Had I known about this spot I certainly would have made a visit during one of my many long layovers at CLT. its a pretty cool way to burn an hour or two and its certainly a fun way to let the kids (regardless of age) get a up close view of some historical aircrafts. I can't say this spot is going to be one of the museums I visit over and over again, but if you have never been and are in the area it is certainly worth stopping in to check it out.
4	a pretty neat museum.  it's not a large one, maybe 20 planes or so.  the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ... the actual plane is here.  lots of neat footage/coverage/detail.
5	I took my girls, 7 and 3, because they love airplanes and I thought this would be a good outing for us. It was, we're not disappointed at all. There is a nice variety of aircraft and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable. The outdoor exhibits were a nice touch especially with the planes taking off behind them. We spent about 2 hours and really enjoyed ourselves. This is not an all day outing but it's well worth the time.
2	I'm a pilot, avionics engineer, and just overall an aviation nut. I generally try to stay away from museums, except for the aviation kind. And I've been to quite a few of those.With that said, Carolinas Aviation museum leaves a lot to be desired. With such a name and the fact that the first flight [arguably] occurred in NC, I was excited to check it out and really felt bummed when I showed up there at 3:30 (and they close at 4). Still, I decided to go ahead and pay $12 (they actually charge tax on top of the ticket price, so it is $12.87 - I don't remember that at any other museum).And half an hour is just about enough time to see everything there... It really is just a big (non air conditioned) hangar with about a dozen and a half airplanes inside. The Miracle on the Hudson exhibit takes up the majority of the space and is ok, but not very exciting (coming from a non-participant of that flight). What irked me the most is the static display they have on the ramp outside - it's small with just a few more planes, but the kicker is that you can't go there. All you can do is look at them through the fence. When I mentioned this, the excuse was TSA regulations... why not put the fence on the other side of the ramp and let the people actually see those airplanes, like every other museum out there? It's a museum, not a zoo after all.So yea... worth visiting? Maybe if you are in the area and have time and $12 to spare. Otherwise, there are lots more other things to do in Charlotte.
4	Other than the sign I always pass when I'm leaving the airport, I rarely pay this place any attention. What a nice surprise this place was! The museum has enough for kids and adults, even if you are not an aviation enthusiast. They have military and civilian planes, jets, and helicopters although I can see from previous posts, this place always seems to be changing, which is great for us locals. The Museum did a great job documenting, preserving, and depicting the "Miracle on the Hudson", all the way from its crash landing, to its journey to Charlotte. Quite a fascinating story. Make sure you speak with the staff inside the hangar, and ask questions. They are kind, extremely knowledgeable, and are always quick to share a story or "little known fact". These guys are the hidden gems of this place. I will be bringing future Charlotte guests of ours to this place for a long time to come.
4	I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.
4	We love museums and last weekend this museum had a community appreciation day which means free admission! We decided to take advantage of that opportunity and pay this museum a visit. The location of this museum is great! It is close to the airport making it an easy access to many aviation enthusiasts. Most of the aircraft you get to view are inside a hanger. There aren't a lot of them but the ones they have are pretty unique. The hanger is very hot since there isn't an internal air conditioner system and the fans only circulate the hot air. This location also offers kids activities such as an activity classroom and the chance to sit on an actual cockpit. A really unique piece of this museum is the actual plane of the Miracle on the Hudson. They have actual footage of how the passengers survived and how they transferred the plane etc.  It's truly a miracle. After you finish viewing the hanger, you get to take a peak on the outside planes and since it is very close to the actual airport, you get to see planes taking off and landing every minute. It's actually really neat. There's also a museum shop which is kind of overpriced but overall I would recommend this experience to anyone.
4	I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.
5	This museum is truly a hidden gem. It may be small but after talking to the staff, they have plans to expand and improve shortly. The Miracle on the Hudson is the most popular attraction, however the other attractions such as the Piedmont DC-3 and F-4 Phantom cockpit are worthwhile as well. My only concerns were the lighting, it's a bit dim, and the ramp area, it's only open during limited hours. However a staff member told me these are both being addressed and will be improved in the future. Additionally they have plans to open a second hangar focusing on helicopters. Overall, quality museum, friendly staff and reasonable admission prices. Worth a trip.
