4	This is my favorite place to order delivery pizza from. they are fast and consistent in quality and the pizza is always great. I've had their cheese steak subs too which were pretty good as well...but the pizza rocks. :)
5	Great pizza! I practically lived there when I lived in Shadyside. My favorite pizza is the Shadyside special. They also offer gyros, wings, salads, calzones, wedgies, hoagies, pastas, traditional, white and gourmet pizzas. Pizza Perfectta is part of a chain of pizza shops that include Cafe Milano, Pizza Milano and Pizza Mineo's
3	this is the only place I order delivery pizza from.  they do a good job on their gourmet and specialty pizzas.  the bbq chicken is good.the wings are average.  generally small and cheap with a seemingly storebought generic hot sause. nothing terribly special.  averagethe hoagies are ok.  dont get a cold cut or italian style.  I'd stick with something like the hot sausage or chicken parm.  they tend to be better.  and they are huge.  like 16" for a whole.the calzones are massive and tasty as well.  go with heavy veg or a combination of meat and veg.  the breaks up the bread and cheese flavor.  well at least I've found them to be better anyway.the pasta is expensive as heck and is average.  not a place to order pasta from unless its one of those lazy nights where you need that craving filled.salads are typical.all in all not a bad place.  better than other pizza places in the area.
4	I love N.Y. style pizza.  Could eat it every day.  On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was good pizza.  One thing about Pitt pizza... it is slightly different than true NYC style:  the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.  As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.  The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.The pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:Fiori'sPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)Pizza PerfecttaAiello's (Murray Street)Beto'sSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.  Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.  A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray... I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh.Pizza Perfectta has a few stools and a counter but really it is a take-out place.
2	In all fairness, I went to this place after stuffing myself at Vincent's Pizza Park.  Still, I know a good pizza when I see one, and this place is totally passable, but great or even good it is not.  My friend and I were given our pizza in a box although we were planning on eating on the premises.  Still, it seemed like we were not wanted and decided not to press the point.  We walked across the street to a parking lot and saw a Pizza Perfecttta box and some leftover pizza littered on the ground.  In the end we didn't finish our pizza and assumed that many people in the past have been hastily handed their pizza, pushed out the door, only to walk across the street, eat mediocre pizza, and decide it wasn't even worth the energy to pick it up and throw it away.
5	this is my go-to delivery place -- low minimum for free delivery, they always get my order right, and they always get here quick!  their gourmet pizzas are awesome (mediterranean, greek, and spinach and feta are my favorites).  their regular pepperoni pizza is also the best i've had in pittsburgh.  love their wing zings (breaded spicy wings) and steak and cheese hoagie too.  haven't tried their calzones or pasta yet.  pizza perfectta is sooo much better than pizza sola...pizza sola is so hit or miss.  and much friendlier/more competent people working here.
5	My favorite for Pt. Breeze/Pittsburgh East End. Flat New York style, not greasy, timely delivery, they know my orders!
5	Great pizza, reasonable prices, fast service - cant ask for much more!
2	Ew. Okay, not the worst pizza ever, but it's pretty far down my list of pizzerias...and that's sad, considering I quite literally live across the street from it. This should be my go-to pizza destination but I'd rather pay a delivery charge than eat their pizza. The sauce is way too sweet (like, Papa Johns sweet) and there isn't enough cheese. There are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this. The only thing I enjoy about Pizza Perfectta is that their sign hilariously claims, "Excitingly flavored!" Personally, I wasn't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza. Maybe if they wouldn't have tempted me with such language I would be less pissed off at them. Two stars only because they let me borrow some paper cups when I moved into my apartment and hadn't unpacked my kitchen stuff yet. Without them I may have had to travel half a block north and grab some from a different restaurant. Thanks, Pizza Perfectta.Oh, and here's a little Italian lesson for you: it's "perfetta," not "perfectta."
5	This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great, the heart was perfect, and he loved it!
5	By far my favorite Pizza place in the east end.  The buffalo chicken pizza here is fantastic, and very unique.  I haven't been able to find anything even remotely approaches it in other cities.  The place is a bit pricey, but I feel its worth it.  My go to pizza delivery place!
5	Perfect for a quick lunch.I had a New York style cheese pizza that was amazing, even the crust was delicious. Easily one of the most simplistic, amazing pieces of pizza I've ever had. The Greco piece of pizza I had was also perfect. It was topped with spinach and feta cheese I believe. I was so full after man-handling my second piece of pizza I had to stop eating. But my friend had a half finished piece of Greco just sitting there on the table waiting for me to finish it. It was as if the pizza told me to pick it up and keep nibbling and nibbling . This resulted in some sort of religious full feeling. God himself wanted me to finish that piece of pizza, and I listened.
3	Ordered delivery here with coworkers the other evening.I ordered an appetizer or what I thought was an appetizer.  The portion size was amazing that I had some to take home with me to snack on.  I only ordered the bread sticks, but they were amazing.  Hand made, baked and topped with oil and Parmesan cheese.  Comes with a side of marinara sauce for dipping and I was very pleased.The reason for the three stars was the time it took for delivery.  I believe from the timed the order was called in, it took over a hour to have the food show up.  Not so good.
4	After ordering from here again I bump my rating up a star.  I've ordered their breadsticks the past two times and have been impressed.  Simple breadstick with a bit of butter brushed on and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese has me swooning.  The marinara sauce to dip it in is amazing as well.
3	I called for a delivery of a pepperoni pizza, large. Very simple since I was in the mood for it. The delivery and the time taken were exceptional. Very fast, very good delivery service. The down side is the pizza. It was hot and fresh, but the flavor was just OK. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst. It was just OK.If you do find that you like your pizza and need a quick delivery, you can't go wrong here. Other than that you may want to look elsewhere.
4	They have really really really good pizza and food.. But dont eat this if ur on a diet lol
4	We came here for pizza (Darren can't get enough!) a couple of weeks ago, and it was pretty awesome. The guy behind the counter was really nice and gave us free cookies. The tuna melt hoagie was really good also.
4	I've never actually been to the restaurant, but despite the plethora of pizza joints in the area (and believe me, we've sampled a LOT), this is the only place from which my Partner In Cuisine and I will order hoagies.  Even when they got our order wrong once, they were quick to fix it and deliver the replacements within a few minutes.  I can honestly say that the many times we have ordered from Pizza Perfectta, we have never actually had the pizza (but I hear it's good).  We just keep gravitating back to those hoagies!
5	The pizza here is amazing. The crust is crunchy on the outside, but not too thin so it's also chewy on the inside.  I always go for pepperoni and mushroom or ham and pineapple. I cannot add much to this review on delivery or other items because I always get pizza for takeout; however, I did try the garden salad and wouldn't recommend it if you want more than iceberg with a couple of cucumber slices. Bonus tip: show up early for your takeout to play some pinball! They just swapped in a new one - TRON.
5	Well since I stop here on my way home from work every Friday I have to give it 5 stars.  Some of my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh.  The cheese blend is really good.  Firm, not too greasy, and the sauce is really well balanced.  But how about the crust?  Really nice texture.  Perfect chewiness.  I would recommend Perfectta to anyone!
5	I been going here since the age of Five and its the BEST PIZZA  ever in Shadyside. Great food by far and no need to go to other pizza places if you live in the shadyside area.
4	For $10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a GIANT slice of pizza. Needless to say, this has become my favorite place to order dinner from.
2	DO NOT ORDER THE HOT WINGS!! If you enjoy eating hot sauce flavored gravy paste, then by all means these are the wings for you. If not, stay away. My boyfriend and i each ate one and couldn't even finish the rest of our dinner. Don't waste your money!
4	There aren't many places in Pittsburgh where you can get an above average large cheese pizza for $9. They also have a traditional pizza place menu with salads, hoagies, breadsticks, pastas, and munchies. The cheesesticks are great when you're craving something cheesy and salty, and their grilled chicken salad with fries and ranch dressing is dependable as well. One great thing about this place is that you can stop in and grab a slice or two if you're in a hurry. This place is right along my way home from the bus from work, so I'm always tempted to stop here.If you're looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza, check out Pizza Perfectta!
5	Friends, if you are going to Pittsburgh and don't stop by Pizza Perfectta, you are missing out on service and food combined that is must have. I have the privilege of knowing the owner and his family well, and I can thoroughly endorse his professionalism and product satisfaction. An exceptional pizza delivery spot you will be grateful to attend. Excellent variety, hearty taste, and pleasurable service. And they have the awards to back it up, winning last years Best Pizza in Pittsburgh Award for 2012 from a reputable area magazine. In conclusion, GO!
2	Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...
4	I've really enjoyed their pizza so far. I also ordered a chicken salad and it was tasty for a pizza take out place, nothing too fancy. I have only had the food at this place by delivery and it has always come before and hour has passed. The pizza always comes warm and ready to eat. Nothing to complain about. I did give it only 4 stars because there are a couple of other places that serve homemade ranch on the side which makes the pizza taste even extra delicious.
5	5 stars for a pizza joint? Unheard of from me until now! The shady side special is the only pizza we have ever ordered from here and I'm pretty sure it's the only thing we ever will order because it is just that fantastic! I mean I hate canned black olives and this thing is loaded with them but they aren't overpowering. The combination of all the flavors makes my mouth sing its so happy. Sadly, we live over an hour away so it's a very rare time that we travel to shady side and don't have a sit down meal as opposed to take away pizza.The service here is always very friendly and quick. My husband used to save up to order a shady side special when he was in school. Seriously any meal that he saves up for better be amazing and this is!
4	The food and customer service from this restaurant are really top notch.  I am continually impressed with how fast the delivery is and how likeable the drivers are.The pizzas here are excellent as long as you don't get the "crab meat" topping (I should have expected gross imitation crab meat since we're so far from the coast).The breadsticks, jalapeno poppers, and wings are also delicious.Some of the best pizza in Pennsylvania.
1	I was pretty disappointed with this place. I thought from the good reviews that the pizza would taste okay. I went here around 12am on a Friday so maybe their ingredients weren't as fresh. I ordered a medium veggie pizza with a side of fries. The fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless. There are only about 2 seats inside so you pretty much have to take it to go which was fine with me. The people working there are really nice though which is a plus. Overall, i wouldn't go back.
4	Don't be fooled by the humble exterior:  their food is delicious!Better than Pizza Sola.Its my favorite pie in Shadyside, and their hoagies and gyros are also delicious.
5	I'm a vegetarian so a lot of times I have to just settle for an Italian-no meat, or a lack-luster veggie only sub... but the Mediterranean at Pizza Perfectta is by far the best sub/hoagie I have ever ordered from a pizza place. Garlicky, not too soggy, great cheese and flavorful toppings- I LOVE IT. I can't speak to any other hoagie because it's the only one I get. 5 stars, everybody.
3	calzone was good, ricotta was xlnt, also had buffalo fries, arrived soggy - perhaps they should bake/appeared to be deep-fried delivery was right at what they told me when I ordered, they're always good with service I've had various pizzas as well, I'd order from here again, not exceptional but always tasty, on-time and good service, I'd give 3.5 if I could
1	They have inaccurate hours posted. I tried to order at 11:30 pm when yelp says they close at 2am and they were already closed. When I told them they have inaccurate hours posted the guy on the phone said "oh that's ok...." And hung up on me. I will never be ordering from them again, which is a shame since they are so close to me. I immediately called Pizza Parma which gladly delivered to me. I recommend ordering from Pizza Parma since they have similar menu items, they post accurate hours, and they don't hang up on you! Seriously? Why answer the phone?
2	I was a bit disappointed with the pizza I got. I ordered the Milano special pizza, which had pepperoni, bacon, sausage, bell peppers, mushrooms, olives, tomatoes, etc, and the popcorn chicken. The order itself arrived within thirty minutes which was great. Although the pizza tasted decent, the crust was not crispy at all, the slices were pretty floppy. They also skimped on the toppings a bit. I was hoping for a more loaded pizza. I'm not watching my weight--I can handle it. As far as the popcorn chicken goes, it was too salty, even with the honey Dijon dipping sauce. Probably not ordering from here again.
4	Large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night! It was ready in 15 minutes and was exactly what I was looking for in a take out pizza. Chewy crust, zippy sauce, greasy cheese, and tasty meat. Will be back!
