5	Adorable girly cutesy little shop in downtown Glendale with fantastic owners! I had my first experience at The Cottage Garden this Saturday while strolling around the Glendale chocolate festival chewing gum so I wouldn't indulge in a heaping pile of chocolate covered potato chips. Like many of the shops in this area, this one boutique was once someones adorable home that has not been turned into a business. This is the kind of place where you could easily find a gift for the girlfriend or coworker who has everything. I didn't make any purchases this time but I know I will be back when I am stuck and need a cute gift. This will also be a place I take my mom when she comes to AZ for a visit. Next time you are in downtown Glendale, be sure to check it out!
5	The Cottage Garden is a super cute shop.  It has so many items, you can barely walk around the shop.  You could easily spend an entire afternoon in the store and still not see all it has to offer.  The main rooms do have a loose theme to them, such as fall and Halloween items and another room features a variety of bird items.  This Cottage Garden features more home decor and bric-a-brac and the Cottage Garden II has the clothing and accessories.  Both shops are extremely cute and worth a visit.  Some items are overpriced and others a real find.  I guess it just depends on what you are in the mood for.
5	This is a locally owned company. Carol, the owner is so sweet and helpful. She has a knack to decorating and picking out the best clothes and gift items. There are two stores, both on the same street in historic Glendale homes.Cottage Garden I has gift items, at Christmas, Carol decorates so beautifully from the front porch of the house, all the way through. It is worth it to go and check this out during the holidays. Cottage Garden II has mostly jewelry, much of it by Arizona artists, and clothing. I have shopped at these stores for so many years that I can always find a unique gift here. If you need help, Carol has great ideas. Just ask for her help. This place is a winner.This is a store anyone can find a gift item in.
5	I love this shop. Rooms full to the brim with charming treasures! I love the passion the owner and employees have for what they do, and that the truly stand behind their products. Everything in the store is made in the U.S. or is Fair Trade. What's not to love?
