3	It's winter.  Cold, snowy, and bleak.  Humbling.  But wherever will you go for some birthday party antics?  We headed to Vitense to check out their new indoor mini-golf.  Each hole is designed around a Madison landmark with lots of little interactive do-dads.  Requisite gaggle of kids running around and I stopped keeping score after about 10 minutes.  Fun times but indoor mini-golf can be pretty cramped.  Head back in the summer and check out the outdoor links and driving range.
4	The mini-golf courses are pretty fun and a good way to spend some time with friends.  The driving range and Par 3 course are great for someone just learning golf.  The holes are close together and a little short, but they are lighted so you can play until 11 PM.
4	The mini-golf is my favorite, and does not get any better than Vitense. I've never been to a more fun mini course. I would, however, avoid the indoor mini courses on weekends, especially in the winter, due to the huge amounts of screaming children. I also use the driving range and can find a corner where no one is going to see me and my very novice swing. Although one of the pros did think I was pathetic enough to stop and give me some free pointers for about 10 minutes. Very nice of him.
5	Wow. There are three excellent mini golf courses. They are unique, fun, challenging and great for mini golf enthusiasts of all age. They have a full menu of food and beer available, and the prices weren't outrageous. Then they have a full golf pro shop, executive course and driving range. For the serious or fun golfer it was a great place.
4	I went down to Vitense for some late night indoor mini-golf and I had a great time! I have to say that this was one of the most fun mini-golf experiences I've had. The only downside is that it was really dead when we were in there, so there was no other people to interact with.
3	Good prices; good, challenging course, filled with stuff to look at and distract the really young ones; also offers a host of other activities.
4	This place is far more than just a mini golf course. Other than the two outdoor courses, they have indoor mini golf, driving ranges, an arcade room, and batting cages. Not to mention they serve up beer and food for a reasonable price. I was surprised to see that had memberships available for golf enthusiasts who want to spend a lot of time on the range perfecting their game. Check the place out!
4	Been there once and yes I will go back lots of fun things for kids, rock climbing, mini golf. batting cage, video/arcade, and a snack bar...
4	It's cold outside. It's raining. It's dreary. I still want to go do something fun. Putt-putt it is. The indoor putt-putt course at Vitense Golfland is fun for anyone, kids and adults alike. The course is laid out to take you on a tour through Madison. It starts at the airport (ok, so not a super exciting start), and hits many highlights of the city including the State capitol building, Concerts on the Square, Olbrich Botanical Gardens, Henry Vilas Zoo, the Kohl Center, and the Military Ridge Bike Path. Each hole has obstacles related to the theme of the hole and a little blurb about the event/place to help let you know what it's all about. A few holes are more challenging than others and I may have taken advantage of the 6 stroke limit a few times. The ground is pretty uneven in places to make the course more interesting, but it also made walking with boots with higher heels on them more of a balancing act. Two fun holes were the ones in the black lit room celebrating Rhythm and Booms and the Monona Terrace. Pick a neon colored ball so it's easier to spot in this room. If it's a busy afternoon there may be a wait between holes, but not bad. There are plenty of things for kids to climb on, through, and play with along the course. This review is just for the indoor mini-golf area. They also have an outdoor mini-golf course, a snack bar, some arcade games like air hockey and ski ball, and a covered, heated driving range. If my wrists weren't such crap, I'd probably try out the driving range at some time.
5	Vitense Golfland is a sensory overload in the best way!  Although I have not explored all Vitense has to offer, the indoor mini golf course is SO MUCH FUN, the staff are friendly and helpful, and the restaurant inside offers pretty decent food/treats.   I think the best thing about the mini golf was the Madison landmarks emphasized for each hole-my personal favorite was the Rhythm & Booms hole!  It would be a great place to have a kids birthday party or staff outing too.
3	Wow, lots to review for this place!  I'll try to break it into sections:Driving Range:  I'd go 4* on this one.  There's nothing fancy about the range itself, but the fact you can go all year round is awesome!  They've expanded their heated/covered area to handle more demand.  They're pretty busy all year, so it's best to go at an odd time if you can pull it off.  If the weather is nice, I'd go somewhere else to avoid the crowd.Par 3 Course:  Not a bad play over lunch or before/after work if you need to scratch the itch. It's in pretty good shape, and it's very convenient.Other Activities:  With three mini-golf courses, there's plenty of action. The indoor course is the newest, and obviously not subjected to Wisconsin winters, so it's in decent shape.  The two outdoor courses have seen better days and could use some TLC.  The water balloon wars are awesome on hot days.  Add in trampoline basketball, batting cages, remote-controlled boats and a game room and there's tons to do!Birthday Parties:  We just had a birthday party for my younger son there.  THEY would tell you it was an awesome time.  Our package included a round of mini golf and two other activities (trampoline basketball and water balloon wars were selected).  It also included cake, pizza and party favors.  The party planner was helping us through the process, but then just disappeared for a while at times.  Huh?  The mini golf was painful, as the course was packed and it was really hot out.  There was no chance to get a drink and the kids were getting punchy about it.  Our hostess could have helped out there, but was nowhere to be found.  The pizzas were done too early and were luke-warm by the time we finished golfing.  While the elements are there to have a really good party, the organization was lacking (no pen/paper to record gifts, for example).  Maybe other planners do better, but ours seemed a bit AWOL too often.  2* for us, here.
5	Fun place. Got the kids each the "High 5" deal so they could do 5 activities each.They enjoyed the water balloons and the trampoline basketball thing so much, they did both of those activities twice each, and then a round of mini golf each. The mini golf is neat, with activities right in the course itself (slides, etc). Definitely a fun place for indoor and outdoor fun.
4	This was a fun night out for the family.  We decided to try the Wisconsin course. It was challenging but fun.  We'll be back to try the California and Indoor course too.
