1	This place is HORRIBLE. They sold me a Blackberry as "new" for $350.00 that I did not realize until months later was actually used when I found pornographic videos on it! I called T-Mobile to complain and realized that they had also changed my plan and contract!!! I have been working with T-Mobile for weeks trying to get my plan figured out and send them copies of the paperwork I signed. Avoid this store as if your life depends on it!
1	Wow, this store needs to re visit customer service 101 and T- mobile needs to drop them for representing them!!I have used T- mobile for over 10 years and have always had good service and been a happy user.  I lost my earphones for my droid phone and stopped by this store (big sign is T-Mobile on store front).After waiting in line for awhile I was told the skull brand ($20) would work fine and I made sure that they would work on my phone and I could use them for the phone.Left store thinking, hmmm, don't think I would ever want to go back there and tried the headset and low and behold, they did not work!!!  Was unable to hang up phone from the headset or answer phone from headset.  Quick U-turn about a couple of miles down the road and back to this store to return and see if they had another choice.  Waited in line again and then the same person (rep#2550714) looked at me like what the heck are you doing back here.........said yes.............and I told him they did not work like he told me they would and I am returning them.  Ok he said.  So hubby finds another brand that should work and we asked if these would work and he said he didn't know.  He asks another guy working there and they conclude that no they are only for listening to music (even though packaging states it is for phone too). Treating me like I am some dumb person, he does the transaction for the return and is clearly done with me.  Hubby and I look at each other and give each other the look like are you kidding me and let's get the hell out of here fast!T-mobile.....based on that experience I am finally sick of this treatment and upon my contract being up I am going elsewhere.  You need to check out the places that are supposed to represent you and if I were you, I would fire them on the spot!  They suck at customer service.BTW....on the way home we stopped at a verizon place and were greeted by a lovely young lady who was more than happy to sell me some headphones and offered to make sure they worked before we left.  They are next on my list to get my business.If you want T-Mobile, don't even waste your time at this store.
5	Well my experience was the opposite of the reviews here. Just needed a basic data SIM for my iPad while visiting from Canada. Friendly, efficient service. Gave me exactly what I needed.
5	I seem to have had the opposite experience as everyone else as well. I went in for the new iPhone 6, and they were extremely helpful, got me up and running quickly, and were juggling quite a large group of people. I was impressed.
