5	There's something about an organization that bases their goals on helping the community.  And I sincerely appreciate Goodwill (and St. Vinnys) for being such an influence in South Central WI and helping people get jobs.  I also appreciate them for being well stocked days before Halloween, and helping me with my utterly cool (and disposable) costume. I am constantly trying to be a minimalist, and "relieving" myself from the superfluous things (hello Buddha?), and as such getting rid of them (hopefully to be used by others) makes me feel good.  (Then again, something else ALWAYS takes the position of the said donated items).  However, sometimes donating is a bit uncomfortable, especially lugging around very heavy bags filled with clothes (who would have thought, clothes WEIGH A LOT)So it is because of this that I COMPLETELY appreciate Goodwill of Verona for having a drive through drop in center.  The idea is GENIUS.  You drive through.  Their friendly and smiley attendants tell you to open your car, and tell them what.  They take out said items.  Give you a receipt for tax purposes (I never use it, I never get enough deductions to matter... ).  Drive away.  You've done your contribution.  And may treat yourself to a top at Bop.  hehe. But seriously, getting rid of stuff is great.  It's easier to clean.  Easier to search your closet.  If you don't sub what you donated, of course.....
1	Just go to St. Vinnie's on Willy Street. I've worked for this Goodwill, and they really don't do all that much good will compared with the awesome Vinnie's whose prices and selection are far better. I like my clothes sorted by size and not color too. Donate and shop at the far better option.
2	The selection is pretty ok here. Household items and furniture are usually in good shape and tend to move quickly. I'm a big buyer of shoes though, and this is where the store loses points. Someone needs to remind them that they are a Goodwill store, not a fancy consignment shop. For years, all of the non-boot/athletic shoes were $3.99 - now they've started marking most of them (with an impossible to remove silver marker, at that) for 7.99-19.99. Scuffed Franco Sarto slingbacks from 2002? $11.99! Worn Merona shoes from Target? $7.99! Why?When I recently asked the cashier to pass along my complaints about the prices, I was told that management knows, lots of people have complained about the shoes, and they don't care. Well, obviously. -Insert speech here about how low prices at thrift stores keep products moving quickly, resulting in more sales.-It's not just the shoes, the pricing in general is not consistent. Picture frames of similar quality can go from $5 to $50, for example. To make it better, the customer service here is terrible. Rude employees will shove in front of you to place product on racks, rude cashiers won't greet you, and some of the conversations I've overheard between employees is not appropriate for the work place.
