5	Well organized and Clean and service excellent food is very good! Highly recommend this place for Vietnamese food.
2	I really wanted this place to be good.  It was close and I did not want  to drive all the way to spring mountain for some Vietnamese food.  Sadly, I still have to drive there to get some good food.  Maybe it was a bad night, maybe it was because I came in a half and hour before they were closed but I ordered the pork meatball spring rolls and the rice noodles with grilled pork.  When i went home and opened up my to go boxes.  the rice noodles were actually shrimp instead.  I was pretty sad about that.  The rolls were alright, and thats why they get another star.  But there was alot of filler.  Mostly just shredded lettuce.  The rice noodle dish was the one that turned me down on the place.  The grilled shrimp were over cooked, the noodles were hard and under cooked.  There was mostly lettuce and the sauce was very watered down.  I will give it a second chance, but I will proceed with caution.
5	I am extremely pleased with the quality and taste of the food and the very inviting, exceptional service! This place is very close to home and I'm so glad that I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown to get some good pho. As a matter of fact, I think it actually tastes better than the dirty restaurants in Chinatown. This place is new, modern, and .... Clean !!!... and most importantly, the food is good! Came here with my husband and a friend. Two of us had the special pho (with everything in it), bun bo hue and a grilled pork sandwich. The sandwich was especially good and the two soups tasted great too. The broth was done perfectly. The owner even made me a special vinegar onion, but he made it with limes. How sweet of him to show such hospitality on my first visit! Definitely will be coming back and telling all my friends about this place to support them!
2	The pho wasn't bad but don't get the nem noung or the goi coung awful the only good thing was the hot tea
5	Ever since our friend recommended this place me n my girlfriend have been coming here ever since... Jus overall we love this place...
5	This place has excellent pho! The vietnamese egg rolls are a great addition to the meal as well. The restaurant is very clean and has a nice environment. The owner is friendly and attentive. And the best part is, I don't have to drive to Chinatown to enjoy great pho! I will definitely be coming back to try more items from the menu.
5	The Thai tea was on point. Got the Filet mignon pho. So good. I usually go the the one up on lake mead but the gf lives down near this one. This store is a step up from the one on lake mead. No Smokey smell and everything was good.
5	So happy that there is a place in my neck on the woods that has pho! FINALLY! Great pho and summer rolls. Nice atmosphere, clean and friendly staff.
4	A few years ago, I got started on a short-lived Bun Bo Hue kick. Coincidentally, the catalyst was reading My T's review of the original Viet Bistro location. I tried a few around town and enjoyed them with varying degrees, but I think my favorites were Viet Bistro and the former Bosa 1.So I think it's appropriate that the first thing I tried at the new Viet Bistro is the BBH. Dare I say it might be the best I've ever had. I have no idea if it's authentic. I just know that I enjoyed it all the way down to an empty bowl.It's certainly not perfect. For starters, the broth was more sweet than spicy. I'm not sure if I got the "non-Viet" treatment or if that's how it is. Digging up my old review, the BBH up north wasn't spicy either. This time around, I made sure to specifically ask for the pork hock--their menu actually states that the pork hock is only included by request.One thing I don't like about BBH is the noodles. They are thicker and aren't as easy to eat compared to pho noodles. Last night, the noodles seemed overcooked to the point that they were falling apart. But strangely, this made them easier to eat, so it worked out great!There aren't really any pho places in the Summerlin area. The news of a Viet Bistro opening in this part of town is highly welcomed as it's a quick jaunt down the 215. With a solid BBH checked off the list, I'm eager to explore the rest of the menu.
4	Food was good and authentic. One less star because the staff seemed like they were struggling a little with amount of customers
4	I've been looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant close to the south Summerlin area.  I remembered that one had opened in the shopping center near Grand Canyon and Flamingo, but couldn't remember the name of it.After trying a number of web searches, I finally found the adjacent Sushi Tower restaurant, because Viet Bistro could not be found when I Googled a search for Vietnamese restaurants near 89135.  I finally found a a "sister" Viet Bistro restaurant, which had to provide the location on Grand Canyon as well as the phone number. I finally found the location and and the food was very good and they did a nice job on the interior of the restaurant.  I wouldn't normally waste this much time looking for a restaurant, but there are no other Vietnamese restaurants within a reasonable proximity.   With the difficulty of trying to find information on this Viet Bistro location, including address and online menu, I would be a bit concerned that they may not be in business very long.I truly wish them success and recommend them - I also have a suggestion, specifically, get a web site and some visibility so people can find and try your restaurant!
4	After enjoying the original Viet Bistro location on Lake Meade, I was pleased to see this new location open in West Summerlin. The food here is excellent.Seasoned Beef Roll with Betel Leaf appetizer is delicious, you can get it "roll your own" style or ask for them pre-rolled. One of my favorite dishes here.I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese vermicelli bowls, and Viet Bistro always prepares them perfectly. Noodles are cooked just right, meat is well trimmed and marinated, vegetables are crisp and the aromatic herbs are fresh. I like these bowls so much that I have not even tried the pho here yet.I'm taking a star off because the service at this location was pretty much non-existent.  The guy who took our order disappeared into the back and never came back out. Our food was brought out by another guy who was talking on the phone while he handed us our plates. This dude stayed on the phone the entire time we were there. He brought our check while still talking away on his phone.If this place can get it's act together with the service it would be an easy 5 stars. Hopefully this experience was just a one off.
5	By far this is my spot awesome customer service & the boss kevin is the boom, funny, & freindly guy! He takes care you!!! :-)
4	I'm so happy to find Vietnamese near my house! I no longer have to go down Spring Mt. for pho or banh mi! The grilled pork banh mi had a spicy marinade. No complaints here. It wasn't as sweet or smokey as Mr. Sandwich.
2	Been to another Viet Bistro and food/service there was great! Not so here. Don't go here on Sunday afternoons. Slow service (owner was talking on his cell phone next to front door & one female server), food was so/so. Not kid friendly either. No cheater chopsticks. BBQ beef was more fat than meat. Pho was average. Curry beef was spicy, but more sauce than beef.
1	Service and food on original location is so much better. I was very disappointed as this was closer to where I live.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Hand down for my favorite in town.Frist, they just opened like three months ago, so the interior design is very new, simple and clean. Once I had Pho in here, i never come somewhere else. It's my favorite restaurant when i craving for pho! The broth is fantastic. the owner is very helpful and friendly and funny. ask him any question if you are in mood to try something new, he always knows what you want.
5	Yum!!!! We all had the shrimp and pork vermicelli bowl and we all we're HUMMING!!! Make sure you ask for Kevin, the owner. He is very charming and will have the chef make whatever you want. We will definitely be back!!!
5	I loved this place it was our first Pho experience and the gentlemen that hosted us made sure we enjoyed and understood everything he even made a special dish for my 6 year old daughter. The food and customer service was amazing two things hard to come by in the same place id totally recommend it and will be back soon!
5	Yummy! Im so happy i found this place! So close by the house! Friendly service! Owner was so nice and checking on us! Bun bo hue is spicy just how I like it! Im definitely coming back to try more things!
1	Don't really enjoy seeing bugs on the lettuce.  Makes me second guess their sanitation in the back of the house.   The thought of it bugs me...  Possibility of returning...maybe not.
3	My wife and I enjoy exploring new places to eat, particularly Asian, especially Vietnamese. Had heard about Viet Bistro and had it on my list of places to visit; my wife and I visited them wednesday at 3pm and had the place to ourselves being as we were between lunch and dinner. I was quite happy to see the restaurant was clean, stylish with lots of food item pictures on the walls in deco art; overall, it was an inviting environment, relaxed and comfortable. Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. Was nice to find Banh Xeo on the menu, so I ordered that and a regular sized bowl of Pho Tai and a Thai Tea; my wife ordered the grilled chicken plate.  Water and the Thai Tea arrived promptly but the tea included boba .. I am not a fan of boba and would have preferred the option of excluding it. The dishes did not arrive to the table at the same time...my Pho arrived first and the grilled chicken followed about 4 minutes later. So, I sat waiting for the chicken to arrive so as not to be eating alone while my wife waited. The beef in the Pho, usually served rare or raw, appeared to have been previously cooked - it was chewy and not tender, perhaps leftover from lunch. The soup was tasty all the same and had a nice appealing aroma! With the arrival of the grilled chicken, it looked very good...albeit a bit over charred, nearly burnt. It was nearly half of a chicken with breast, leg and thigh, but a skinny bird in its previous life...not a lot of meat after cutting into it. Then, once inside, the meat was still bleeding in areas, not cooked thoroughly. Sigh. Halfway thru our meals and expecting the Banh Xeo had been overlooked, our waiter came to us saying the batter for the Banh Xeo was bad and could not be used and asked if we wanted something else.  A bit pricey and disappointed for our first visit, but will give it another try eventually. Lots of others with more positive commenting here, so we will visit again in the future.
4	Can I just say I am so happy that theres a vietnamese restaurant near my house! The service is great, lots more english than chinatown! I had the combo Pho bowl and the fried egg rolls, yum yum yum... the thai tea is also spot on! give this place a try!
4	Decent pho place for not having to drive to Spring Mountain. Would definitely go back again.
3	I'm glad that we finally have a pho place on this side of town... The menu looks great and has many different options..I had been to the other Viet Bistro location before so I came in expecting really good fragrant broth. I don't know if it's because I got shrimp pho but I was not a fan of this location's broth at all. I did enjoy the shrimp and pork salad which was basically like a naked spring roll!The service was ok but there was a major language barrier as the server barely spoke any English..
4	I have to say, the Pho was much better than I expected.  Great broth base for the soup, and perfectly done rice noodles.
4	In the mood for pho this evening after hosting a huge home-cooked prime rib meal, we headed down to the closest pho place around my house.  Well, not sure if this was THE closest, but suffice to say that there isn't one that close to my house so found the next best thing.  I think pho in Vegas is generally good, so my main objective is to find somewhere that is clean.  Kihn Do, Pho Sing Sing, and this place all offer the cleanliness and good pho, so all are equally recommended.New Saigon in John's Creek, GA still offers the best pho, not necessarily from taste standpoint (they're all good) but more from the ingredients.  They give you a lot of everything, very fresh, and extra sides of cilantro and onions.  I have yet to find that anywhere in Vegas, so while the taste is comparable from soup & noodle standpoint, they just can't compare to what New Saigon offers in the "extras".  Still, it's good food, staff are friendly, and price is reasonable so it all amounts to a good 4-star rating.  The convenience for me will favor this place over the others.Table-for-1 Factor:  Any Asian noodle shops should be just fine for eating alone (except those in the casinos, I guess), and this place is no exception.
4	Tried this place mid week for lunch. I ordered n6, which you can see from my photo was delicious.
4	The food here is good. The pho is good and well portioned. It would have been a 5 star if they had good customer service. We only seen one guy when we went and he wasn't cheerful or didn't even smile. Just told us to sit where ever, took our order and just silent.
3	Not too bad. I got the vegetable bowl without tofu. And it was pretty good. My sister-in-law got the combination bowl and she finished the whole bowl. My mom got the beef bowl. She liked it but her meat had a lot of fat. She also got the Thai tea which was delicious. The pricing isn't bad either. Service is a little interesting. But I will come back and try a different dish.
3	Have had take-out from this place twice. It's alright for satisfying pho cravings when I don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown, but there are definitely better places than this. This is personal taste, but the soup broth in the pho is a bit too sweet. Perhaps it's the recipe, but it tasted like they added too much cinnamon to it. Also, the portions are a bit small for the price.
3	Very good broth but just because we come in 45 min before you close doesnt mean you can be a jerk and give bad service.. food came out quickly and maybe ill give it another shot OH by the way i ordered oxtail soup which says $9 on the menu.. when i got my check they charged us $11 didnt want to say anything about it so i just paid it but thats why you got a lower tip because i added the extra $2 you charged me to your tip...Dont be scam artist guys customers dont appreciate it
3	So I am bordering between 2.5-3 stars. I really really really like the broth but the to go portions are a little bit ridiculous for the cost. The noodle portion was smaller than the size of my palm and seriously it would probably fill a 5 year old up but not a 30 something year old woman and her hungry husband. You would think that their large pho would be pretty filling, but I think that might be their ploy to get you to spend more money on the extra large especially when they already charge more than a standard pho place in Chinatown. Yes, it isn't Chinatown but when I spend almost 30 bucks for two pho tais and an egg roll I expect it to fill me up. Their egg rolls need more lettuce. 2 tiny pieces of lettuce does not cover 4 egg rolls. I've been going back only because the broth is pretty good, but I go home to make more noodles. I'll have to see if the dine in portions are larger, but if you can help it don't get the to go because it is a kid size portion. Oh yea the beef is pretty good, but there must be more noodles!
4	The good good:Quality meat used in the PhoOne of the best Bahn Mi sandwichesFresh spring rollsFair pricingThe bad:Akward silence -  They should play music or something instead of it being so solemn.Carpaccio salad - meat was sliced to thick.
4	Great place. Nice menu choices, good customer service, food taste good, and reasonable price. Far from the house but glad I made  the right choice of having lunch here.
1	Horrible service staff is not friendly, seem angry, act as if they are busy when they are one of the slowest places I've been, food takes awhile and taste ok. You know those places you won't return to because of the service? Well this is one, came here twice thought I would give it s chance again huge mistake. Not worth the trip
3	Lamb EggrollsMeat rolls wrapped in Betal LeafShrimp on sugarcaneViet coffee comes already made, no neat contraption served on the table. Loved that they had unusual ethnic items on their menu for us to order and try. Located outside of chinatown, we stopped here to dine, after a day of Red Rocks climbing. Normally we delve into the abyss of options available at Spring Mountain. Glad we made the stop here because we didn't miss out on authenticity factor. Our waitress looked like a recent transplant and although she could understand our English she was still learning to speak hers. The lamb egg rolls were the most memorable part of the meal. The gamey lamb flavor really stood out. 4 rolls for $7. I was also able to sample my friends meat rolls wrapped in Betal leaf. The taste was very different! Pungent spices all around. I  was boring and had the pho, no complaints.
4	Food is awesome but service is slow. Shaking beef is incredible. Chicken bowl was delicious.
2	We love Vietnamese restaurants, unfortunately this one just does not stack up against the average, maybe too much to expect in Vegas? Everything seems a little sub-par. Price is too much ($11 for extra large pho vs $8 average), you call that grilled beef? Seems like pork to me. That is pork chop? Seems like small pieces to me.
3	I came at around noon on a Sunday and was not impressed. There was one other person in there for lunch--kind of sketchy.My pho was ok, but not great. I ordered the combo meat pho without tripe--the meats were not as tender as I would like, and the brisket was pretty much inedible.My BF had the vegetarian pho with vegetarian broth, which he liked. It can be hard to find pho places with truly vegetarian pho (sometimes they lie to you) so we appreciated that.Still on the search to find the best pho place in Vegas!
5	I was here last weekend and was really impressed. I had my normal Pho Tai and my girl friend had her usual combination Bun. All I want to say is excellent.
3	I was very excited to find a Pho place on this side of town without having to drive all the way to Chinatown. Food was very good, service was so-so. Their combination Pho was nice and flavorful and full of meat.. their Vietnamese egg rolls were DELICIOUS although they were kind of skimpy on the vegetables. The server took our food order, dropped off the food and never came back to check on us until we were done. They weren't even busy. I said 'thank you' on three different occasions and I didn't even hear a peep out of the guy. I really don't think it was a language barrier since 'thank you' is pretty universal and he was able to say 'are you ready to order.' If I am too lazy to drive to Chinatown, I would definitely come  back for the food again.
