5	We went here last week for a friend's going away party.   It is a small, Southern Indian/vegetarian restaurant just north of the 202 on Scottsdale Rd.  The dosas for appetizers were tasty and very filling, and the entree, Gobi Manchurian, was amazing - I never thought cauliflower could taste so good!  We also had the bhatura bread, which was a large, light bread that could easily be shared between 3-4 people.  The food is also served family style, so it is easy to try multiple things and share with others.  As a vegetarian, I can't think of the last time I had so many choices!   We will definitely be back!UPDATE 8/7/07:  I have relocated to the Bay Area and still haven't had Indian food this good in San Francisco or Berkeley!
5	I have dreams about the potato onion pancakes here. I love Udupi. All vegetarian and a healthy understanding of 'vegan'. The helpful waitstaff carefully made sure I didn't eat the wrong sauce when dining with friends. Their pancakes are huge (actually much bigger than the filling inside) and there is a large selection of food to choose from.
1	The food was OK.    Buffet style. What really left a bad taste in my mouth wasa.) Having my complete credit card number left on the receiptb.) Getting hit with a $100 phone call charge to my credit card.  When I called my bank to investigate, it turns out somebody had charged a $100 phone call from London to INDIA on my credit card.  c.) It turns out it was somebody from this restaurant.  Stay away from this shady place.  There are plenty of other honest Indian food businesses in the metro Phoenix area.
5	Delicious lunch buffet with great naan and vegetarian, sometimes vegan, dishes.  You definitely won't miss meat.  Their dosai are wonderful, with or without the masala filling.  Dunk them in some tomato chutney for some spicy nummyness.  I've had their lunch buffet here for months and it only rarely gets old; they often serve cauliflower dishes for lunch, but they're accompanied by at least 2 other dishes for you to choose from.I have yet to visit here for dinner, sadly.
4	The food is so good.  The menu is HUGE so I always get the sample platter thing because I can never decide on one thing.  Or, I go there at lunch time to get the buffet.  The buffet is always different every time I go.And, its vegetarian/vegan, so its always an option for the veg-heads.I love this place despite the violations that it received last year.  I heard about it from a friend who lived in India for awhile and she said "eh, it makes it more authentic."  And seriously, what restaurant in Phoenix doesn't have roaches?  As long as I don't see them while I'm dining I don't care.  And, it's still open, so I assume that they have rectified the situation.
5	If you like South Indian - this is the PLACE. For those of you who are worried about the bad health dept rating from last year - they fixed their problems and have had all inspections rated gold or silver since then. Most recent:SG63642  UDUPI CAFE 1636 N SCOTTSDALE RD TEMPE  85281  E&D 10+ SEATING  SILVER fromhttp://www.maricopa.gov Environmental Services websiteThe lunch buffet is great - delicious South Indian vegetarian cuisine.Dinner is fantastic, too. One of the best South Indian places I have been to - including in NYC and California. Fiancee unit who has been to Tamil Nadu state in India says the food is very authentic.
5	I love reading others reviews about my favorite restaurants. Regardless of the nasty health reports which have since been taken care of,  this is the best southern Indian food  have ever had. The lunch buffet is always good. There is this cauliflower dish on the menu that is so friggin good, I wish I could remember the name. Everything I have put in my mouth here as been worth telling about. If you don't need meat at every meal like most Americans think they do then try it. I love it when I go into any ethnic restaurant and see more people of that particular ethnicity than your run of the mill American. To me it is a good sign of an authentic food experience.
5	I'm going to marry the Gobi Manchurian. kids will follow. This food is so good it would throw my principles to the ground, but it's all vegetarian and most of the menu is vegan. thank you Udupi for your wonderful oily menu. yeah, it's not super healthy, but amazing anyway.
4	This is my favorite Indian restaurant ANYWHERE. Last summer I was in the Pittsburgh area visiting a friend of mine that is from India. He took me to what he said was the best and most authentic Indian food in the country. Udupi is better!!The environment leaves much to be desired,  but the food is amazing. A must have is the Paper Dosai Masala. It's a HUGE crispy crepe that has a filling (the masala has a potato filling) and it comes with sambar and chutney to dip it in. The presentation is as wonderful as the flavor. As evidence, the last time I ordered it, the tables on either side of us asked what it was!The pricing could be a little cheaper at dinner. I have yet to make it to the lunch buffet so I'm not sure how it compares. All in all, if you're looking for great Indian food, this is the place to be!
3	I thought this place would be shut down by the health department by now!  This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant (no matter if it's vegetarian) until it had a string of health inspections and violations that threatened to close its doors almost every two months last year.  Seriously, I thought it was hanging by a fingernail a few months ago, but judging from the recent dated reviews, it's still open.  I don't know if I should celebrate or be a little worried.  I try to check restaurants' stats by using maricopa.gov's link, and I couldn't get myself to dine there a few weeks ago as Udupi still does not have a good report, but then again, most of the Indian places I like didn't either (only Royal Taj consistently gets golds).I do love the dosas here... Simply the best resto for dosa!  The gobi manchurian is quite a dish!  Love the app sampler.  Their palak paneer is the best I've had in the valley!  This could easily be my favorite of all Indian venues, but the owners/cooks seriously need to heed health inspection reports (AND SO DO THE CUSTOMERS!!).  Come on now, how hard is it to take the time to wash your hands before you continue preparing food after you come in from dumping trash in the garbage bin?  We consumers can help keep these restaurants efficient and their kitchens clean, which translates to our digestive systems uncompromised, by voting with our wallets!!As soon as Udupi gets a great health report, I will be back to enjoy its menu.
3	Before I go into details about today's experience at Udupi, I want to attest that the food I had tasted wonderful.  My friend and I agreed to meet for lunch.  I was the first to arrive by at least ten minutes.  This gave me ample time to survey the buffet and ask the host questions concerning my food allergies.  However, before I started with the allergy questions, I inquired if the buffet came with dosa.  The host said yes.  (We would later find out, during check out, that "buffet dosa" cost an additional $4.  So, the correct answer would be no.)  After all of my questions had been answered, I concluded that only the white basmati rice, bread (plain paratha and iddly), four of six chutneys, homemade papadum, and dessert [homemade cottage cheese balls (think non-fried gulab jamun) soaked in sweetened coconut milk sprinkled with crushed pistachios and other spices] were allergen-free.  I'm not much of a "chips and dips" person (unless spinach, artichoke, garlic, and cheese and a few whole wheat crostini are involved), so my prospects concerning the buffet looked pretty grim.  While attempting to place a phone call and I wondering out loud if I should have my friend meet me elsewhere, I spied a dish containing one dosa sitting on my table.  The host overheard my asking my friend if he was going to have the buffet (yes, that was his intention), and I then asked the host that rather I have my friend meet me elsewhere, which meant that the dosa would have to be thrown away, could he have the buffet and dosa, and I could order something off the menu?  Yes was the answer.  Before I even looked at the menu, I ordered the palak paneer with rice.  He quickly turned in my order, and I proceeded to take a couple of bites of the now-cooled dosa.  The host suddenly did a 180 and returned to my table to tell me that I couldn't share my friend's buffet or else he would have to charge me for another buffet.  I said that I was only having the cold dosa, which he would have to throw away had I decided to leave, and he said that it was against restaurant policy for two people to share the buffet.  I said I understood, that I wasn't intending to share my friend's buffet entree, but that I was only having the cold dosa which my friend would probably prefer to be hot and fresh.  (I made a mental note not to come back here anymore, or at least, not to come back anytime soon.  I also thought I should have gone with the idea of going somewhere else.)Friend finally arrived, grabbed some buffet items, and sat down to eat.  It took about 20 minutes for my palak paneer (spinach, homemade cottage cheese cubes, onions, spices, and coconut curry) entree to arrive, but the wait was definitely worth it- the spinach leaves had a beautiful dark green color to it and weren't at all mushy, the cubes of cheese were meaty on the outside and creamy on the inside, and the onions, cubed chilies, and spinach stems and other spices perfected the masterpiece.  I can eat this over rice or stuff it into dosa or pita bread and be blissful!It's good to know that the food served here is delectable.  It must be said, however, that other than the news that the venue has been under new management for over a year now, I would not have been able to surmise anything had changed at all- invariant furniture and decor; consistent and scrumptious food (same cooks in place?); and familiar faces among the staff (even the same hosts manning the door and register).  I wish the new management sustained success.
5	I have had Udupi bookmarked for about three months and I cannot believe it took me this long to make it over here, especially since it is less than seven minutes from my apartment. I had dinner plans with an out-of-town friend and he mentioned being in the mood for Indian. The stars aligned and we ended up here. I started out with a hot black tea and Mixed Vegetable Pakora as our appetizer. The deep fried potatoes and veggies came with two awesome sauces; one reminded me of A-1 sauce with a little sweet tang. The waiter was extremely friendly and did not take offense to our slaughtering of the names of the menu items. He even made a bread suggestion and explained what each of the sauces were made of. We opted to go with the Batura bread, which happens to be a giant deep fried poof of bread that tastes like a sopapilla. It actually looked like a giant jellyfish when it came to the table. As an entree we went with my personal fav, Mutter Paneer, which was EXCELLENT, and Udupi Special Spring Dosai... basically thin crepe chutney spring roll type things. They were good, but not great. Our food came out quickly, the service was attentive, the prices were reasonable and I was REALLY impressed with the taste, portions and quality of our dishes. I will be back to Udupi for sure, this place is amazing!
4	wicked tasty.  friendly service.i really appreciate knowing that there is ABSOLUTELY ZERO chance of finding meat in my food, as this is a fully vegetarian restaurant.  some stuff does have dairy in it, but the menu is full of vegan dishes and makes it pretty clear.the chana batura is my current favorite, chick peas and giant puffy bread!
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!First of all, I am not a fan of buffets.  Usually you get a selection of questionable choices & over-cooked slop.Udupi Cafe does the traditional Indian buffet lunch perfectly.  At least on weekends & holidays.  The week-day lunch is a little disappointing, not in quality but in variety.  The weekend/holiday lunch buffet is full of variety.Being vegetarian, its nice to have a buffet full of tasty options without worry.  The majority of dishes are vegan & clearly marked.  Everything is tasty & well seasoned.  You wont find any Tandoori options here, so no Naan.  But, the Dosa is absolutely delicious & don't hesitate to ask for more.  I have even witnessed a 4 foot long Dosa being served to a family, so bring your friends & maybe get lucky.
4	This was my first experience with Indian food. As a side note, I would recommend that you don't try something completely new for the first time by yourself. That's what I did - so I was the single guy in the corner looking at everyone watching what they took from the buffet, how they ate it, etc. They thought I was weird. The restaurant itself was nice - good parking right up front. I got there right at noon and it wasn't busy. The hostess was very friendly and the staff prompt and friendly. As for the food, I can't really tell you what I had, but it was good. I had a  soup, and tried a little of each of the dishes on the buffet. They brought out something and sat on the table. It was a crispy thing with something inside. I watched for others to eat theirs and joined in. It was pretty good.  I would definitely go back, but hopefully with someone that knows something about the food.
5	Great buffet. Although it was a little on the salty side, I'll be going back there the first chance I get, which unfortunately won't be soon enough as I live in Oregon. Everything was so yummy, and all vegetarian, a surprise to my father who naively asked for lamb. He was very satisfied, nonetheless, in the end.
5	Okay, so I love this place too.   Indian food is possibly my favorite cuisine.   I was in Tempe for a few days, and my vegetarian self always struggles out on the highway, seeking the best experiences I can have, and always fearful of going hungry.   Well, at 9:10pm Friday night, I accidented upon this place, in a goofy strip mall next to a Motel 8, and nervously asked if it was too late to dine since they were closing at 10pm.  The owner was very welcoming and seated us promptly.   The place was a bland sun-drenched pink walled space with a buffet at the back wall.   I didn't have much hope at all.   But when our palak paneer and our Bharwan Baigan Curry showed up, the salivating began.    Perfectly prepared, the eggplant was absolutely delectable.  The spinach and cheese also very delicious.   I couldn't beleive it, this was a definite rival to my fave indian kitchen back home.   I loved it.     We had some leftovers, but no rice to go with it, so the owner gave us free rice so we could have our curries for breakfast in the a.m.   -  a definite must if you like true indian vegetarian food.    Tempe has it's Indian going on.
5	Udupi is by far the best Indian food in town. It is all vegetarian and has many vegan options that are scrumptious. My favorite night out involves Chili Gobi (breaded cauliflower in spicy red sauce) and Chana Batura (saucy chick peas with GIANT puffy bread). So so good. Their buffet is good too but I prefer going for dinner.
5	Udupi is one of the best Indian restaurants that I've ever been to (and I've been to a lot). The Gobi Manchurian (noted by several prior reviewers) and the Chole Peshwari are to die for. I also recommend their Sunday brunch even though it costs more than ordering off their menu. The only downside to Udupi is that it received some bad press for the cleanliness of their kitchen and dining room. I must admit that I saw a cockroach once at Udupi-- but, this was a year ago and they seem to have cleaned up their act. Nonetheless, the food is amazing, well priced, and offers a welcome treat to a veggie-lover's tummy!
3	Thanks to an episode of "Roker on the Road," I had a craving for dosa.  After a day of going back and forth of "Udupi Cafe or Taj Mahal?," I decided on giving Udupi Cafe another try.  After poring over the dosa menu, I finally decided on the Udupi Special spring dosa, a version I haven't tried here before.  I asked my servers if the dosa and the chutneys were free of certain allergenic ingredients and was told, with authority I might add, that the dosa was OK and while two of three chutneys [coconut and jalapeno-cilantro (?)] were off-limits, the sambar is good-to-go.  (He even pointed out an allergen ingredient in the coconut chutney.)  The A-OK signal on the sambar surprised me greatly, as out of the three choices, it was the first item I'd have balked at trying (I've tried it at many other restaurants and was told that the recipe calls for a few allergens).  My server did offer to bring tamarind sauce to replace the other two chutneys.  Since I was almost salivating at the sight of the dosa and the server was pretty confident in his knowledge of chutney ingredients, I dove my spoon into the sambar and came up with a lovely and flavorful chunk of potato and a bit of broth.  Yum!  I went in again, this time swirling a bit to make sure there weren't any allergens hiding in the murky depths when I spotted *!  As if on cue, my server AND the host approach my table to tell me that I should not eat the sambar nor the dosa since they contained allergens.  Argh!  So, away went my Udupi special spring dosa, away went the sambar, and I was back to square one as to what to order, although this time I knew I had a few hours of pain and nausea to look forward to (which started to rear their ugly heads as I was signing my credit card receipt).At this point, the host was steering me away from the dosa menu since I'd have to stay away from all that contained any filling (apparently, the kitchen staff could not whip up a filling that omitted the one ingredient that kept me from having it).  Under normal circumstances, this wouldn't be such a terrible thing as there are many other dosa options that would then be complemented with chutneys, but since the three chutneys also contained an ingredient I couldn't have (again, the chef would not be able to make the sauces omitting the ingredient- the host explained that the chutneys were made in huge batches earlier in the day), dosa from Udupi Cafe is off-limits for me :(  I decided, then, to have the assorted appetizer platter.  This would've only been accompanied by tamarind sauce had I not asked for a second option, plain yogurt, as suggested by the host.  "Plain yogurt?," I asked.  "Could you add something else to flavor the yogurt?"  "Carrots.  Is carrots OK?," the host posited.  "Yes, carrots are alright," I said.  The three items I savored in the app platter were cauliflower pakora, the samosa, and the veggie cutlet^.  I wasn't a fan of the dense mysore bonda (various fillings of potato, eggplant, and jalapeno) nor the bready medhu vada (fried lentil donuts), although the latter was quite good dipped in tamarind sauce AND yogurt.  In retrospect, I did not particularly revel in the recurring reminders of how everything was deep-fried :(In light of the disinclination of Udupi Cafe to omit certain ingredients in their dishes- which leads me to believe that most items are already pre-made and later plated (if you read my other reviews, you'll see just how many chefs are quite willing to swap out/sub sauces, sometimes PIQUED at the chance to come up with a new sauce on-the-fly) and the the reluctance in creating a simple chutney, I doubt I'll keep UC at the top of my choices next time I have a taste for Indian cuisine.  So many fish in the sea...  I wish UC and its management and staff well in providing vegetarians and omnivores alike the opportunity to enjoy a menu offering up 100% veggie fare.  Do try the Gobi Manchurian- very tasty!^[At least the meal wasn't a total loss- I did get to capture some captivating eye candy!  How I wish I had a close-up on that veggie cutlet, and that samosa... 8-)]
3	One of the best restaurants for Southern Indian fare in Phoenix with a traditional, sit down dining atmosphere.  Good lunch buffet, especially on weekends with more options to choose from.Service is inconsistent.  Sometimes they're understaffed.  Cleanliness has been a concern at this place in the past, and even now the restrooms are still to be avoided.
5	I read the reviews here at yelp & agree with most of you... this is one of the best south indian restaurants outside India. The buffet is great, not greasy like a lot of other indian restaurants, typical taste of south india. I saw some reviews about the place being unhygeinic. It is as clean as it gets. It's possible it was not so clean earlier? The service was pretty decent, considering there was only one person serving! They could hire couple of waiters to make the service better. My family really enjoyed it. My son was apprehensive with it being completely vegetarian, but even he ate heartily. It was a nice mother's day buffet.
3	I went on a Wednesay with a collegue visitng from India that was craving hojmetown food.  Little selection and way to salty.  Some dishes were tasy and I appreciate the all-veginess, but was dissapointed.
4	Udupi saved my dupa!  I had to have an event catered and the place I planned on using could not accomodate our time.  I needed food at Noon, they didn't open till 3pm!  Shame on me for not checking, but hey we live in a big city, never thought about it!  I frantically went to Yelp to find an alternate.  All of the food needed to be vegetarian, I'm not vegetarian...had no clue where to get good food and fast.  Found great reviews on Yelp so I gave Udupi a try.One phone call and they had an entire catered buffet menu worked out, in my price range.  They were completely accommodating and the food was FANTASTIC!  I asked them for mild spice and that's exactly what we got. Everyone raved about the food.  The Special House Curry was especially tasty.I will be back and can't wait to try other dishes.
1	I will never know what the food tastes like because they were so so rude, I will not go back.  We came in and were given a table, menus were practically thrown at us.  And then we waited, and waited and waited.  We asked a woman working there, and she apparently did not speak English and indicated a man at the front would help us.  But he was too busy talking.  We got up and left.  No one even said a word when we left.
4	So, I have been giving vegetarianism a shot the past couple weeks. Pescetarian may be a better word, but that is neither here nor there. I was invited to join Amber W's Vegeversary on Friday night and this was the spot she picked. I will admit, I was a little scared by the veggie/vegan only at an Indian place. Being the good Yelper I am I decided a new place to review would be enough of a draw. Kidding Amber :) I arrived a little late and the table had already ordered, but the server came by with a menu and I, along with my brother and a friend, were able to order rather quickly. The table had ordered some apps of Cauliflower Manchurian and Batura, which is a large puffy bread. The cauliflower was great and the bread reminded me of the skin Goldmember eats in the Austin Powers movie, but it tasted great. My brother and I ordered the Vegetables Manchurian and the Onion and Hot Chili Uthappam. The veggies were mashed together into a ball and then sauteed. Very good with a little bit of a kick to them. The Uthappam was a giant pancake with onions and other spices. It was really good and I could have eaten the whole thing myself. It reminded me of a potato latke. We shared other dishes at the table with everyone else. There was a pretty wide variety of dishes. Some kind of spinach, a dish with peas and paneer(awesome, BTW), and couple of others that I wouldn't begin to find on the menu without help. Rice is brought out with all of the dishes and it was cooked perfectly. We divied up the bill and it was very affordable for the amount of food we all got to eat. The place will not be a staple on my regular rotation, but if someone says that is where we are meeting for dinner, there won't be any hesitation going back. Minus one star for the sub arctic temps where I was sitting.
2	Udupi used to be better a couple of years ago.  I'm pretty sure ownership changed and it is not as good any more.  I agree with the other user that the lunch buffet  does not seem fresh and often cold during peak lunch hour.  The bread is fresh and hot and service is good as well.
3	I haven't tried many items or the lunch buffet yet, but from whatever I've had here, I would say its a decent option for Indian food. Being a vegetarian, its a nice thing to know that there is no chance of meat ending up in my food.
5	Vegetarian/Vegan south Indian buffet!  Guilt free conscience! What more could a girl want? I am in LOVE with the dosas.  I always wish I had a larger tummy to accommodate all the delicious food. Udupi is proof that being vegan/vegetarian can be tasty and cruelty-free. Humble ambiance, no fancy decorations.
5	Although I am not a vegan/vegetarian, I really enjoyed Udupi cafe, having the sampler plate and appetizers including iddly.  It was definitely unlike any food I've ever had, with a stress on mixing varieties of different flavors and textures.  Hoping to make it to Southern India sometime in the next couple years and Udupi has given me another reason to look forward to it.
1	Ok so it's 1 star since I can't go any lower. One of the worst Indian food experiences I have had in the US. The service would was horrible and the owner just downright rude. I went there for a lunch with a couple of friends and was informed rather rudely that they only have a buffet for lunch. This was disappointing since I had my heart set on certain traditional dishes some of which were part of the buffet already. The owner couldn't seem to care less whether we stayed or left and pretty much seemed to give us an ultimatum to either eat the buffet or leave. It being late we decided to try the buffet was sub-par. Barely an item I could think of going back for... In short avoid it if you can. The service makes its not worth it.
5	So here's the deal... I love Indian food. I grew up with easy access to some great examples of it growing up (partly due to my friends' parents). But since moving to Arizona a few years back, it's been difficult finding good places for some Indian cuisine.A few months back, I was driving down Scottsdale Road and a sign caught my eye... 100% vegetarian. I later discovered that it was an Indian restaurant that was held in pretty high regard from a few of my friends and I knew that I had to give it go... I've now been to Udupi Cafe for lunch a few times. Pretty much the only thing that I would change would be it's location to Central Phoenix so I could eat there more often!Udupi's lunch buffet is awesome (especially for less than $10)! It has a good selection of flavorful dishes (most of which are actually vegan). The usual favorites are in attendance (a variety of chutneys, dhal, paratha, etc.) as well as a few dishes that are a little more particular to Udupi (the lemon rice is great).In addition to the selections at the buffet, you are also served an amazing curried potato-filled dosa with your meal. For those of you unfamiliar with dosai, they are the Indian equivalent of a French crepe that's made from rice (not that I'm one of them, but they're also great for people that are trying to be gluten-free). The filling aside (which is tasty though nothing super special), the actual dosa crepe at Udupi is one the best that I've ever had in Phoenix or elsewhere! Awesome texture and flavor!!!Although I can only comment on their lunch buffet, I would imagine that the rest of their food would only be better. Bottom line: a great place for Indian food in the Phoenix-metro area (the best that I've had so far)!
4	I found Udupi in the strangest way.   I was talking with my friend from NE Mesa, and she told me I was right next to her favorite Indian restaurant.  I thought it was ironic that I have been driving by it for a couple months and thought it was part of the laundry mat. Little did I know, it was a little piece of food heaven.   The atmosphere is less than desirable, but the food is fantastic!  The entire menu is vegetarian and I cannot recommend one thing, because it is all excellent. They do not serve alcohol, but you can bring your own bottle and they don't make you pay a cork fee.   I recommend going with a group, this allows you to order multiple items and try them family style.
4	it's so HARD doing vegetarian and dining out in arizona, of this i'm sure.we've been to Udupi a few times over the past few months (and taken my mother when she was visiting and my sister for her birthday), i was nervous the first time from reading a bad review, here--plus, it's in kind of a not-appetizing location.  that said, everything was great!  service is gracious and professional, the atmosphere is a tad 'old denny's' but the other diners are usually a cross-section of people that you could probably be stuck on an island with and no one would eat you.  (random i know, but this one time we were there and this cool young couple had a baby and friends at their table and you could just tell they were all very loving people.  -sorry for the woo woo!)  the place smells good, and the food is fresh and authentic. i love the paper masala dosai--and now i'm craving one before 9am!!
4	LOVE * LOVE * LOVE! This place is a vegan indian-food lover's dream come true. It is almost totally vegan with only a couple of exceptions -- the desserts are never vegan.  :(   But it's genuine south indian, so what can you do?The food here is amazing. AMAZING! The lunch buffet has such a great variety and everything tastes good. I wish they had even more dosa varieties than they do. When you drive by, it doesn't look like much. Ignore that. Looks are definitely deceiving in this case. Udupi is one of our very favorite restaurants.
5	Best Indian food ever!!!  I lived in NYC for a while and couldn't find anything quite as good as Udupi.  Great prices (hubby and I can get out of there for under $20 bill).  The Aloo Gobi is perfect and I love their assorted appetizer platter.  Fried goodness!  The staff is very friendly.  I've done the lunch buffet, too, which is fun and great for mixing it up if you find yourself ordering the same thing every time.  Only $8.95!  Took a group of work friends (even some hardcore meat eaters) and everyone left happy and full.
3	Went here for lunch.  It was a good place, but there is no meat, so if that what you are looking for, you should go elsewhere.  I gave it an A-OK.  Wasn't my favorite place, but it wasn't bad.  Lots of spicy food, so be careful.  I'm sure I will be feeling it later tonight.  The help was very attentive and they continued to fill your water glass.  Which is great, because my mouth is still a little bit on fire.
1	Being south indian myself, i really really want to see south indian restaurants  succeed in the valley, and being a life long vegetarian I really want to see such restaurants continue.  This was my first time at Udupi, and can honestly say I went in with high expectations, and left wanting never to go back. We got there at 2:40 and I asked the host, if it was too late to enjoy the buffet and if we should order from the menu or take the buffet- he insisted the buffet would be wonderful.  I mentioned that this was our first time here and asked if there was anything special we should try.  he said the buffet is wonderful and that while they close the buffet at 3, we should feel free to enjoy our lunch after.  Everything looked appetizing so we loaded our plates and sat down. The waiter brought out two dosa's for us and everything had the makings of a good lunch.BIG problem 1:Sadly, the food was cold, even the dosa they supposedly freshly made was cold- not just the crepe on the outside, which would naturally cool quickly, but the filling inside as well.  I mentioned the cold food to the waiter and he actually GRINNED and walked away.  Maybe he didn't hear me?  who knows.Big Problem 2:Our host didn't tell us that it wasn't just the buffet that closed at 3, but the restaurant itself. Our waiter actually changed his clothes and left without even telling us!! I looked around for him, and the host came over and asked us "what are you searching for?" and i mentioned our waiter and he goes "oh he went home, we are closed right now, we are all just waiting for you so we can also go" so of course, we dropped our forks mid-bite got up and left- $13 per person!! when i mentioned the cold food, the host said that the food is cold because they turned off their food warmers over half an hour ago (um, thanks for the heads up)You know, i could forgive the gaps in service if the food was stellar.  but it was eh, with the exception of the spinach kootu dish with was delicious.   I went up to the condiment bar and when i moved a ladle a bunch of fruit flies came out of the salad area- yuck. WHY would anyone with any amount of self-respect serve a guest food they new was cold/sub par and then hurry them out of there.  If he had just said- hey we close completely in 20 mins, please join us for dinner I absolutely would have come back.  Greedy Greedy Greedy. I sincerely hope my experience is an isolated incident, but I'll never go back, not will i ever suggest them to anyone.
3	this place is for your vegetarian/vegan-i-suppose fans out there.  food is made fresh, very tasty and spicy to boot.  their gulab jamen is AMAZING.  that's pretty much all i gotta say about that.  their dosa was good but the potato filling was plain, all in all its solid.
3	I'm not a south Indian, but a north Indian, But I know south Indian food, as i have lived in South of India for some time. Anyways We have been going to Udupi, since last 4 years, we used to love it soo much that we went there every week... but then the owner's changed and over a period of time, the quality of food has deteriorated... the Sambhar became thinner and thinner.. the Idlis are dry... and overall the Buffet is just the same stuff again and again.. you cant really go there everytime to eat the same things...The staff is really good, one guy whos been waiting tables there from a long time, recognizes us and is very polite and prompt in his service.
2	I found this place on Yelp, and went there for the lunch buffet. Having read the reviews, I had really high expectations of the place, but was sorely disappointed. Watery sambar and rasam, hard idlis, dosas with a miserly amount of potato stuffing, gulab jamuns that tasted nothing like gulab jamuns, inattentive and too few waiters, and disgustingly dirty bathrooms---in my opinion, Udupi Cafe missed the mark completely. Their a la carte menu items might be better, but I am not going back to find out!
4	The cheese dosai is essentially India's vegetarian Philly cheesesteak. This alone makes the trip worthwhile, but is not the end. The curries are also excellent and flavorful. The lentil doughnuts are a great appetizer; light and puffy. The only con is that one is inclined to overdo oneself at the buffet, which isn't even really that much of a con.
2	Another mediocre Indian restaurant, mediocre food, mediocre service at mediocre prices. Some days can be less than mediocre. If you're craving some specific dish, and your drew lots for this, I guess it's okay. I am not sure anyone would choose to go here. MEH!
3	I love Indian cuisine and this place is awesome because everything is Vegan or Vegetarian. A friend and I walked in and ordered to go. It was pretty busy and the menu offered a wide variety. I didn't recognize the names of the dishes so the host helped to explain the dishes and that there were different regions of Indian cuisine. We ordered: *-Vegetable Samosas- mmmmmm so yummy, stuffed with potatoes, onions, and peas. I     liked it dunked in the yogurt sauce.*-Poori- Indian bread, this was good with the chutney but it was a little crispy for me since I'm used to eating naan.*-Mango Chutney- Sweet and spicy, huge chunks of mango.*-Vegetable Curry- The flavor was perfect, spicy but not too spicy, lots of veggies.*-Extra rice...Overall, it was pretty good. I think that it was a little pricey for the amount of food you get. I would go back to try the lunch buffet since you get to try a variety of things for a better price.
3	A dedicated meat eater, interestingly enough I have found this to be some of the better Indian cuisine in the Valley.  [I am still trying places.]   I knew going in that this was an all vegeterian location and on this day, the buffet greeted me with ALL Vegan delights.  While initially missing my Indian favorites with chicken, paneer, lamb or goat, I quickly pushed those ideas out of my mind and begin to enjoy the wonderful flavors of the various and different dishes.  I made sure to try a little of everything.  Halfway through a masala dosa was delivered to my table.  Fresh and crispy on the outside with a curry potato filling on the inside.  This was very good.  Full but craving something sweet at that point I was missing the kheer or mango pudding often available at your typical indian buffet.  Lunch buffet and water to drink was almost $14.  Hummm I felt a bit over charged, but paid my bill and went on my merry way...
1	To start with, I tried 'Idli' (with Chutney and Sambar). The Idli was way off course and actually didnt taste like one! The chutney probably had 10% coconut (as compared to 100% coconut that I have come across many Udupi Cafe's across US) and the Sambhar....absolutely pathetic!!! Moving to main course, all the curries were highly reduced and were not that delectable. I am keeping this review short and sweet because you cant write much about how pathetic food was for the price that I paid. I am never going back to this place any time in my life.
1	This is my 2nd time at Udupi Cafe, and I waited to write a review until a 2nd visit to be sure. The service here is lackluster, our waiter actually told us that "he only works here" and has no input into the chefs cooking when we asked him if we could not have all the vegetables in the mixed pakora platter. seriously? The food is mediocre, the pakoras are dry and tasteless, we had chile pakoras and there was no spice or creativity to them.The dosa itself is good, the potatoes are very mushy and have minimal taste and their chutneys are not the best quality. I would recommend spending more time on working on their food  preparation and less time on the wait staff telling us that nothing can be changed. As a 100% indian, i would recommend Jewel of the Crown over this cafe in an instant.
4	This is my favorite place to get Indian food for dinner. I could say that I've tried many things, but that was a long time ago - now my friends and I just order Chili gobi (breaded cauliflower in a spicy tomato sauce), Chana Batura (chickpeas with a huge piece of puffy bread), and usually the Aloo gobi (potatoes and cauliflower in a yellow curry sauce). You will not miss the meat dishes - I mean it.I have also been to the buffet here many times and it is not my favorite indian buffet. I find that the food buffet items can be hit-or-miss. Go for dinner and you will NOT be disappointed!
5	As a vegetarian, it is sometimes hard to find delicious and flavorful food when going out. Udupi's vegetarian lunch buffet is AM-AZ-ING. I have yet to try anything there that I didn't like, and I am a very picky eater. I've never been for dinner, but I have done the lunch buffet many times now. They always have new dishes to try and everything always tastes incredible. The staff is always attentive, and even suggested a spicy soup to clear up my cold one day. Even my boyfriend, who is a serious meat eater, bugs me to go there all the time. I will definitely go there whenever in the mood for some great Indian food.
1	I was in a rush, but wasn't in the mood for fast food.  Saw this place and decided to try it out.  I walked in and its a buffet setup, I asked if I can do a to-go and how much.  Man says yes and $10, I said sure set me up.  Hands me a styrofoam container, and I asked him I can put whatever I want, he said yes.   Went to the line, and what a disappointment, the only thing that looked appetizing was vegetable biryani and idli.  So I put a little bit of rice and took 5 idlis...plates only half full.  I asked if they would bring out some more idli.  They said yes.  Shortly they brought out some more to restock the buffet.  I grabbed 5 more...now my plate is full.  And I am on my way right?Wrong! the manager or owner stops me and says I'm sorry but I'm going to have to charge you extra for the idlis.  I'm baffled...he explains that buffet takeout is for a variety only and not just one thing.  I'm baffled...I ask him so if I dine in, and I take a plate of only one thing and maybe the second time I get the same thing you would charge me twice?  He says no, that's dine in though.  I'm baffled at the logic here...so I went along and says what are you going to charge me...he says $9...i'm baffled $19 for 1 plate of vegetarian food!  I can understand a premium steak but rice cakes (idlis)...unreal.  I was tempted to just leave the plate there and show him the bird, but I already commited to $10 already...and I was in a hurry and starving...so I bit the bullet and paid $9 more.NEVER again will I give this place my business...and the food wasn't even that good...it's rice cakes for god sake.
4	My favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley!  Great food, lots to choose from and the staff is very nice and helpful if you don't know what to get.  They have sampler type orders that allow you to try many things.  They also have a fantastic lunch buffet with a wide variety.  Everything is very reasonably priced and did I mention it's BYOB!?  We stop and grab a 6 pack of our favorite brew and come here for some gooooood grub.  It is vegetarian but honestly, even if you're not one, you won' miss the meat here.  So much food and it is all soooo good!  You don't need the meat!
5	This is by and far my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix metropolitan area! They have the most delicious palak paneer and I love their peas paratha! I have never had a bad experience here and routinely order their food for take-out. The staff is polite and attentive and the prices are reasonable.
1	If you want to drink housefly go here.Yes it is true. I liked the onion dosa and the tamarind rice and this server refilled my glass of water and I was busy reading something and about half glass of water inside me, I saw a big housefly died and floating in the water. Man, the owner billed me and went to him and talked about housefly. He wasn't apologetic in the beginning and handed me a $5 coupon for next time. I told "sorry I don't think I will ever come again".
3	After eating here once, I was very unsure how I felt about Udupi. Food was pretty good, atmosphere nonexistent, and service was...shy. I typically do not dock stars for the last two characteristics if the food is good, so I knew I had to give it a second chance before making up my mind. I'm very glad I did, because I had a terrific experience. Not terrific enough to give it more stars but enough to commit to being a returning customer.The vegan options are terrific. Every dish I've eaten has had that "comfort food" quality I personally look for in Indian cuisine. I've tried a couple of times to engage the servers in providing a recommendation, but they were hesistant to elaborate with any dinner advice. Which is ok, I can make up my mind without regretting my choice. And our server/host this last time was extremely friendly and accommodating.When I entered at 7pm there was only one other soul dipping some dosa in raita; it made me a little nervous to see the lack of customers. By the time I left at 8:30, the place was full. A very good, reassuring sign. For having been vegan in AZ for 3 years, I'm surprised I haven't been here more often. I was a little put off by the plain set up and lack of personality upon my first visit, but I am decidedly over it.
5	I don't really eat indian food, but this place has me converted! I went to their lunch buffet and they had the most interesting things lined up.  Everything was at least vegetarian except one item, and they had a delicious rice pudding for dessert. This is where the indians eat!
2	Well, recently we were like out of choices so we went there for dinner... But I assure you this was our last visit to this place. The dosas were horrible, nothing had any flavor to it. Idlis were dry... and it was soo hot inside, their AC was not working, Really, in AZ heat you do not care enough to repair the AC... the Nice waiter switched on a table fan for us that rotated between us and 2 other tables across from us.I would rather sit at home with my cool AC and cook my great Indian food on my own and make it much much better than they do.
5	Ok what people say about service, ambiance and all that is right. But the staff is friendly and they fill up the water diligently during the lunch buffet! And they get 5 stars. The food is delicious. I've been at least 8 times-- basically every Sunday I am in Arizona. Consistently great vegetarian buffet.
3	I was overall happy with the food. We ordered the appetizer platter to try various things, and the only thing I didn't like was a hard round patty thing that was really dry. The variety of dips were great. I had the Malai Kofta (veggie & cheese balls deep fried, in a yummy yellow sauce), and it was awesome. Hubby had Palak Paneer (cheese & spinach sauce), and I found it bland but he said it was ok. Paratha stuffed with garlic was ok... the garlic was bitter. I've found garlic is bitter when it's gone too old so I assume that's what happened. Service was weird. Place was empty when we got there and the first person to the table laughed when i said we'd order the appetizers while we look at the menu, which is just odd. There were about 4 different people coming to the table so I don't know who our actual waiter was, but the only person that smiled and seemed friendly was the man who brought the food to the table. The rest were quiet and sort of like mannequins that moved. Nothing was BAD though, except for maybe the fly that kept landing on things.When we left, one of the employees (who was missing teeth and looked like a meth head) was begging the host/manager person to stop payment on his paycheck because he didn't use the account anymore. He said he owed money in the account, so if the check deposited, the bank would take the money. I thought this in really bad taste... I really don't want to know.
4	great buffet. good food and nice people. I eat here a couple times a week. Check in on Foursquare for 10% off.
5	The best Indian in Arizona. Maybe in the country. Im a chef and im very picky with restaurants. I am always impressed when go there.
3	Decent selection of vegetarian Indian fare, but the price per head is a bit staggering ($16.99). It isn't terrible, especially if you're a vegetarian (or vegan as they have some vegan dishes) and want to comfortably be able to eat without worrying about meat. The selection isn't expansive and the place isn't necessarily upscale, but the service is good. It's good to try at least once, especially if you love Indian food and want to try a different side of it free of goat or chicken.Food-wise, you've got your typical variations of dals and lentils in different cream sauces. Your basmati rice, and your dessert table of milk cake and rice pudding. I'm sorry there isn't much of anything else to say. Some other places I'd recommend over Udupi for typical, delicious, and cheaper Indian food would have to be Jewel of the Crown in Old Town Scottsdale and Delhi Palace on ASU Campus.
1	The Cafe seems to be closed for good. Somebody from the nearby business came out and told us the place stopped operating a week ago.
5	If you find yourself in Tempe Arizona and wanting Indian food, go here! Best I've had in some time!  Great tambla music, too. Highlights for me were tomato chutney and mattar paneer.Lots of desserts but I was too full.
4	You gotta love this place for what it is.  Vegetarian/Vegan with tons of spices and flavor; yeah, you can tell the veggies are frozen sometimes or not the highest quality, but the flavors and great cooking make all the difference.  Beware the Sat Sun lunch buffets are a little more money.
4	Open again!!! Really missed while it was closed the last few months. One of my favorite places. Great lunch buffet for vegans.
4	Good South Indian food.  Went for Saturday buffet lunch.  Will definitely go back
5	One of my favorite places  to get Indian food. I'm vegan so I love that there is so much  to choose from. My all time favorite is the chili gobi and vegetable manchurian. I'm so glad Udupi reopened.
4	I usually come here on the weekends for the buffet.  A little pricey, but I think the quality is excellent.  I'm not Indian, and I grew up in the midwest, so I won't comment too much.  Service was just ok, but the food worth a repeat for me!
5	The best Indian food in the valley !
4	I've only been here for takeout a few times, but the staff is really friendly.  I've been looking for a place that makes good dosas and was so happy to find Udupi.  So happy they cater to vegetarians.  The Thiruneiveli Spinach Dosai is amazing!  I can't wait to try some other things!
5	Excellent food/lunch buffet!We find the food to be top quality/some of the best Indian food we've eaten anywhere. We find most of the items to be vegan on the buffet and the variety to be excellent. If you are not a vegetarian/vegan, don't let that steer you away. The food is seasoned so well/tasty, I think most people would be more than satisfied with their meal.Service is friendly/prompt and the value can't be beat. For those who eat at the buffet, each person also is served a generous Dosa(filled with a potato-like filling) that is delicious. Highly recommended!!
5	I went to Udupi for dinner last night for the first time. We had about 8 people and the service was great. The food came out quickly and it tasted great!  The staff is super friendly and the selection of vegan dishes is amazing. This is going on my regular rotation of restaurants!
5	I live close to this place. Used to come several times every week. Shared a dish with my husband and still very filling. Their owner changed about 2 month ago. Kitchen staff remain the same, 10 year old carpet is replaced with tile and the decor looks fresher.  I was and still am a fan of this place. Their authentic food deserve applause.
3	Very good lunch buffet. All vegetarian.
4	A tasty buffet that serves vegetarian and vegan dishes, Udupi offers a great variety of curries, starches, and desserts that will please anyone that doesn't need to have meat at every meal.  For me, usually I enjoy the veggie dishes at Indian restaurants more than the meaty ones anyways, so I didn't mind not eating meat for my lunch.  We went on a Sunday afternoon, and found a mix of various northern and southern Indian dishes.  Some buffet items included vadai, palak paneer, sauteed green beans (Sorry, forgot the name!), and veggie korma.  There was also a cold foods station with salads, yogurt, and sauces.  For breads, they offered papadum, paratha, and they make fresh dosa and bring it to your table.  I tried a little bit of each buffet hot item, and enjoyed each dish.  The dosa was light and crispy, with a nice curried potato filling.  For desserts, they had ras malai, carrot halwa, and coconut burfi.  I enjoyed each dessert, especially the ras malai, which is a sweetened creamy paneer.  It was my first time trying it, and it was delicious.  They also had a thermos with cardamom-infused chai tea, with a sign saying it could be made vegan if requested.  The price is expensive considering that this is only a vegetarian/vegan buffet (About 11 to 12 dollars per person for the weekend buffet, sodas and iced tea extra), but there is a lot of variety to try to make up for it.  Service was cheerful and friendly, and we got a card for 10% off our next visit after paying for our check.  Maybe we will check out the less expensive weekday buffet to see how the non-weekend buffet measures up!
5	The restaurant itself is not fancy and does not have an amazing atmosphere, but I really love the food here. I've eaten in the restaurant a few times and frequently get takeout. I love the Gobi Manchurian, Vegetable Vindaloo, and Special Vegetable Curry. I also like the weekend buffet - it's a great way to try several different things. Delicious!
4	I had the brunch this time (Not my first time here)..Definitely expensive ($13) for their brunch. Good variety of breakfast items - The pongal was amazing..Idly, Dosai were just the usual. The sambar was just OK (they should improve considering it is the primary side for b'fast)..The gobi manchuria was amazing..The lunch items were OK (one snack, paratha, 2 entrees & veg biryani). Decent variety of desserts (the gulab jamun was perfect & this is another place that serves it hot)..Ordered Mango Lassi on the side & it was amazing! Final Verdict: I would visit this place again, provided, they improve their sambar!
5	Amazing! I was blown away at the variety of perfectly-dialed flavors, especially in the sauces and chutneys. My friend doesn't like Indian food & LOVED it. The Gobi Manchurian (cauliflower that puts buffalo wings to shame) is a must. My other favorite are the Dosai's, I've had a few types (spinach, potato & Mysore hot chutney which you should try on the side, it's a very intense slow building sweat but incredible) they're all tasty and come with delicious Sambar lentil soup. I recommend the Assorted Appetizer just for the sauces (pickled chili chutney, tamarind sauce, coconut chutney). I could eat this for every meal, it's literally bliss food! I haven't done the buffet but my brother said it's a trade off, can't take home leftovers but more variety to try. I was surprised most of the dishes have no animal products. More oily and salty than I like to eat but worth it.
5	Like Indian food?Like veggie?I've got a place for you!If you're one of the V people, you know that finding a good place for your eating preferences is not always easy.  Sometimes you'll look through a menu dominated by meat dishes for one or two items that are all starch and grease.  At Udupi, you have an all-vegetarian menu with a TON of vegan options.  Delicious.  If you order something with batura, you're going to get a MASSIVE poof of bread brought to your table with your entree that will definitely leave you with leftovers.  Want another kind of bread?  That's a naan issue--they have MANY different flavors and varieties of naan to choose from.  Take your pick.At some point in the past, a number of Yelp reviewers made complaints about the cleanliness of this place.  Those days are apparently quite long gone.  Everything was clean as a whistle and service with fast and smiling.  You even get a special copy of the Coffee News with your meal.This is another spot to put on your list of "must go" vegetarian joints in the Valley.  I'm pretty sure you're going to enjoy it.
4	My  first experience of Udupi was the lunch buffet.  Being an avid carnivore I was very impressed with the vegetarian and vegan dishes provided here.  This being Southern Indian cuisine, the options were uniquely different from the Indian fare I am used to, and I was especially thrilled about the prevalence of coconut in the dishes.The culinary journey through Southern India began with a Vada, a  donut-like fritter made with lentils.  Dipped in the spicy tomato chutney or coconut chutney, it was delectable!Next came the Rajma Aloo, a flavorful potato dish with beans.The Daal Curry, made of lentils peas and beans and flavored with cumin and other Indian spices was outstanding with the basmati rice.The highlight  was definitely the Shai Paneer with a coconut cream sauce.  The paneer, so traditional to Southern Indian cuisine, has a texture and taste like that of tofu.  The difference is that it is cheese, made by curdling heated milk with lemon juice and vinegar.Even the Kheer, rice pudding cooked with milk and honey, garnished with raisins and almonds, was heavenly.With an endless supply of Dosai, thin crepe-like bread that you can use for scooping your food or rolling your dishes into, it was a excellent lunch buffet for roughly $10/person.I will definitely be coming back here for dinner, and introducing my vegetarian friends to this delightful establishment.
5	After settling for one or two vegetarian options on menus for years it's pretty overwhelming to select something from Udupi. Pages and pages of meat-free amazingness! My dinner companion and I ordered the palak paneer and dhal curries and both were SUPERB. I can't wait to go back and try more.
5	Delicious! I live nearby and have driven past this place hundreds of times.... Today we finally checked it out and were impressed. The food was fresh and there was a nice variety of items. We are not vegetarian, yet I was totally content with the flavor and quality of food. If you like Indian cuisine, you must try. The owners (husband and wife) were lovely and spent time chatting with all their patrons. We really enjoyed the experience and will visit again!
5	This is the best Indian food I've had. My tastes are pretty basic, I'm not into risky food, and this stuff tasted great from the first bite!Also, my wife and I judge authenticity of foreign food by the number of people from that country that eat there... you see lots of people from India eating here, with just their hands and all sometimes!
5	It really doesn't get better than Udupi!  Their food is amazing.  I recommend the lunch buffet as you get a great variety of food.  Dinner is great as well and the Gobi Manchurian is a must!  They recently went through a slight remodel and the place looks great.  Service is absolutely phenomenal.
4	God the food is SO good. The gobi manchurian is my absolute fav. I will go back to this place over and over. Trust me, even if you're a meat eater you WILL enjoy the food here!Only thing I'm never too happy about is that the service of the manager is really not nice. He's confrontive, rude and doesn't like to admit his own mistakes. But since I hardly ever see him, who cares!?Seriously. Go. Eat.
5	This is incredible food for the absolute pickiest eaters! Sunday buffet gives you an excellent sampling of the best in vegan/vegetarian food. As good as homemade!!! Friendly staff and great service
4	Vegetarian heaven! Love the uttapam and dosa.
4	I love this place! I've tried several different things here but my favorites are the Gobi Manchurian and the Palak Paneer. It's all vegetarian which was awesome when I was a vegetarian but it's just as good now even when I'm not one. Portions are pretty big so expect to have leftovers or split something. I still have yet to make it to the lunch buffet,  but I'll make it one day. Sometimes they run a Groupon, which I've bought before but the prices are pretty cheap without it. I wish they delivered.
5	Great food , large portions. The Gobi Manchurian recommended by our server Judy was the best. Dosas and N Indian items that we ordered exceeded our expectations. Friendly service Nice ambience and spacious for business as well as large group entertainment. With Madras Ananda Bhavan to the North and Udupi to the South of the city, folks in Phoenix wanting authentic Indian Veg fare are well covered.
5	A step above the usual Indian buffet places. This vegetarian place has great options as well as a friendly staff. We went for buffet on Sunday. They had good options including vada, upma, gobi manchurian.
4	This is another staple of the East Valley that I've really missed since I moved to Milwaukee 3 years ago. It's truly a vegetarians paradise. I've only ever indulged in the buffet but have never been disappointed.  I especially love the many varieties of fresh chutneys and sauces they have for you to dip things in!
5	I ate here for the first time the other night and this place was stellar!I'm 15 years vegan and I couldn't believe the options they had for me. Most Indian has ghee and I can't do that but this place has many offerings I've never been able to try.Very friendly waitstaff with great suggestions and prompt service. Get the puffy bread and the Mandarin Cauliflower(Iknow it sounds off but its insanely good). Highly recommended!
4	Went for the buffet. the selection and quality was what you would expect when spending $10 on a buffet. Flavors were good, service was good, and the fact that there was no meat on the buffet was a plus.  I would recommend, and I plan to return.
5	after the taco's from the taco festival wore off, we decided to try out this vegetarian friendly spot not so far from our house. the reviews seemed to be consistently high. it is pretty standard inside, the decor is nothing to write home about. the service is good....water glasses were kept full. we needed help deciphering the enormous menu of indian food terms but were able to decide on a couple options. i ordered, forgive me i can't remember, but it was sort of like a lentil pancake with tons of veggies cooked inside. it had nice crisp edges, with a very moist and flavorful inside. it came with 4 dipping sauces...a coconut, a tomatoey soup, a spice-like aoli, and a cauliflower curry type sauce. i only describe them this way to allure new comers to try this place out. all were fantastic!!! my wife ordered the cauliflower curry but it got mixed up and they brought her basically my same dish but wrapped in a giant rice crepe! it too was delicious and ultra crispy but without breaking into crumbs all over the table. to make up for the mistake, they comp'd her that dish and still brought the cauliflower curry neatly wrapped in a to go box for later dining. we read their lunch buffet is really good as well. finally we tried this place and glad we did....i know we'll be back for more.
5	I had bypassed this place before based on inconsistent reviews, but things seemed to be looking more promising. The decor has some cool pictures of India, but otherwise boring and sparse. The menu is enormous! It's a little intimidating, so ask questions. We ordered the Medhu Vada lentil doughnut appetizer. It's a very dense doughnut with a crispy exterior served with a couple different sauces. Very tasty-sort of filling. My husband ordered an Uthappam which is like a pancake, with onions an spinach. I ordered the cauliflower mushroom chettinad which is like a curry. They accidently brought us a dosai (thin rice crepe) instead, but since they would have thrown the error out, they asked if we'd like it. So they packaged up my curry and we ate the pancake and crepe dishes. They were delicious! And when we had the curry for lunch the next day, it too was amazing! Huge, whole mushrooms and large pieces of cauliflower with an amazing curry sauce.....mmmm.  Everything was so flavorful and the sauces were fun to sample all the different ones! The value for dinner was pretty reasonable. Most dishes are about $10 and you can easily get two meals out of them. Service was good. Like I mentioned they fixed the error and didn't charge us for the wrong order the brought out-but let us eat anyways. We had our water glasses filled throughout the meal as well which is important when eating all this spicy goodness! I'm glad we gave this place a try!
2	This was my third visit and it wasn't as impressive as the first time. Tonight (Saturday), there was only one server attending to a restaurant filled with customers. The term Udupi symbolizes authentic South Indian food. I ordered Masala Dosa and it was far from from its origin, and the iddli  was hard! Lassi on the other hand was the only thing I liked. The poor server was so busy running around that she even forgot our bill, and then when we waited for her at the counter, she calculated our total incorrectly! This dramatic change in their service is explained by change in management. No wonder! Anyways, I'm not sure if I'll be coming back.
3	Mixed bag of delicious flavors for Udupi. I love South Indian food, so I was excited to stop in. If you've never had it, it's pretty different from North Indian food - the spices are more potent and it's vegetarian (as if the name didn't give it away).It's located in a shopping strip with plenty of parking. There's a lot of seating inside and the staff is really nice. A good starting menu item is the masala dosai - a large, thin rice crepe stuffed with potatoes. Personally, I thought the potatoes were a little bland, but it was still pretty good.Another good starting item is the vegetable utthapam. I thought Udupi's was really good. It looks like a large pancake covered with a variety of vegetables served with different chutneys on the side. Really yummy.The channa batura is chick peas served with a large piece of delicious fried bread. Very nice. Often times the chick peas are mushy and overspiced, but these were really good. I had the kedhai bendhi, which is spicy okra with rice. The flavor of the actual okra was good, but it's obvious that the okra was a few days old and dried out (especially compared to the fresh slices of onion and bell pepper cooked along side the okra). Rice seemed reheated, too.Overall, not the best South Indian food I've had, but some good solid dishes I would be happy to come back and eat.
4	Delicious vegetarian fare!  Friends brought us curry takeout from here and we loved it so much that we went over for lunch.  They have a buffet full of so many wonderful choices - tons of variety and flavor, not so heavy as to make you feel like you've over-indulged and not so light as to feel inauthentic and americanized.  This is a great deal for the price and the service is quite pleasant, too.  Looking forward to our next visit.
1	There are some good things here to eat.  The gobi manchurian is off the hook.  The Palak Paneer is really good.  However, there are some serious health code issues going on with this place.  Things are old, were cold when I get them and were buffet items from earlier in the day.  And there are cockroaches.  I had one in my food.  Unfortunately it was in the last thing I ate.........barf. The vegetables in my curry were obviously frozen from a bag.  Things taste microwaved.Service here is kind of crap.  I saw another table get their food before us when we had ordered before them, and when we got our food things came out with 5 to 7 minutes between.  Its really awkward when I have to wait to eat and let my food get cold because were waiting for everyones food.Although the food is good, I won't be coming back here.  I am afraid of getting food poisoning, and the roach left me thinking about what other nasty thing I could have eaten during my meal.
2	Food is top, servers are amazing. Even the music was ambient and perfect for the location. Until one day the owner was there.  He kept staring at us which was rude and when we asked to take out the rest if the food he gave us an aluminum foil and attitude. Lost 2 regulars there.
4	Pretty good South Indian food although just a bit overpriced when compared to other similar restaurants.  The Malai Kofta is so delicious!
2	Been here quite a few times but this time it seemed like a lot changed the food taste especially. Service was very good...but food didn't seemed to do justice to the name of the place! Papdi chat had very less papdi and was okay. Gobi manchurian(speciality earlier) was tasting oily...the Mysore masala dosa lacked the red chutney inside n overall taste but the spinach dosa was the saving grace!
4	Great food! As close to South Indian as you will get here in AZ. The owner is fantastic and his staff is friendly and efficient. The buffet changes regularly and everything is always fresh and tasty. And all the dosas you can eat!!!
2	I had the lunch buffet and I really thought it was just ok. It felt very limited and I was left wondering what I am missing.  I thought because of the good reviews and my passion for Indian food I would leave happy but I did not plus atmosphere and service were not great.
5	One of the best vegan/vegetarian restaurants accessible to people near Tempe and Scottsdale. If stopping by during lunch buffet, visit on the weekend because they generally have at least one extra dish available.
5	absolutley amazing!!!
4	The lunch buffet is really good.  Several different chutneys, two kinds of soup, and peas ( i have no idea what the name of the dish is) that are fantastic.  I come here a lot as it is taste, inexpensive and uncrowded at lunch time.
4	Great food .. Amazingly soft and soaked sambar vada and really good ! The dosas were really good too. Been here 3 times in the last 10 days and I think I will be a visiting  again! Service is delayed but you can see they are learning the ropes... But overall really good Vegetarian food and is sure worth the trip !
5	Spectacular service and nice waiters. The food was great and I got the peas paratha and the gobi manchurian. The restaurant was spick and span. Great environment and nice pictures on the wall.
4	This place has been talked about both good and bad for many years. Mainly the bad due to poor health scores. At last check they still don't even want to participate for a letter grade and seems to have a consistent stream of mildly concerning health issues. Being a veg place I figured, that even a few health issues can't kill me, at worst I would get some good quality time with a book so we gave it a try.We started with the Gobi manchurian, It is listed under dishes but it works best as an appetizer. This dish is great and their execution worked quite well. We had a massive dosa which was great with the many dipping sauces. We also had a vegetable vindaloo that was forgettable. Over all the food was good and no one got sick. Prices are on part with any sit down indian place.  The ambiance is a bit odd
4	Me and my Girlfriend have been going to Udupi for the past 5 years with little or no complaints. The food is always high quality and the price is lower than most other sit down Indian restaurants on the Tempe/Scottsdale area.Now that found out I am gluten intolerant the Gobi Manchurian is out (which is my favorite dish). The menu is very easy to navigate if you require Gluten Free options, the waiters are also very nice and will help accommodate almost any dietary concern. I also recommend the spinach dosai, extrra hot if you can handle it.
4	I ate at Udupi on a Friday night when other vegan restaurants in the area were much too crowded. There was immediate seating here with room to spare in the meticulously clean dining room.I've heard a lot about Udupi's buffet, but I was here well after buffet hours, so I ordered an appetizer and an entree: vegetable samosas with aloo gobi.One plus is that #vegan menu items are clearly marked with an asterisk, making ordering quick and easy. However, even some vegan items are served with yogurt on the side, so be sure to avoid that. It was no problem for me, as the chutney and tamarind sauce served with the samosas were tasty when paired with the curry as well.The samosas were served quickly after ordering and were pretty good. I wouldn't say they were amazing, but I would order them again.The aloo gobi was fantastic. The cauliflower was perfectly tender and not over-cooked as is easy to do. The ratio of vegetables to curry was great--more than enough substance in this vegan entree for my stomach. My only regret is ordering it with a medium spice. Mild probably would have been perfect.Service was quick, friendly, and attentive without being invasive. Even the restrooms were surprisingly well-maintained.I would recommend Udupi to anyone looking for a clean dining experience and a craving for Indian food. Their vegan offerings are numerous and I can't wait to try the lunch buffet.
5	One of the best vegetarian food restaurants in the Phoenix Metro area. Udupi has been a staple of me and my family for over 5 years now. The lunch buffet is always well stocked with a variety of rotating menu items and the full menu fare is likewise excellent and reasonably priced.
5	I had lunch here just last week and I forgot to post my review. So, I was really surprised at how delicious everything was. I'm a vegetarian and find it difficult to find eating places that have more than one item for me to choose from. The waitstaff was very pleasant and helpful- very courteous. The best dish was the okra, not sure the name of it, but it was awesome! Pricing for the buffet is reasonable and I will definitely return, and bring more people with me!
5	I have a South Indian food addiction.  I travel a lot and had previously sworn the only decent places to eat it are in Singapore and South India.  But I am really impressed with the quality and flavors here. Everything was really fresh, the chutneys & sambar flavorful, and of all things, the masala chai was off the hook.  Everything is pure veg, so you know the chefs are legit and it shows.   I used to be "meh" on Phoenix but now I can't wait to come back just to eat here again.
5	So far in Phoenix area this is The place for Indian (south). Never been to one place so many time specially Indian . This place is worth every $.
4	Vegetarian South Indian Buffet...I've been a fan of Indian food since my first taste of Aloo Gobi, and being a west-sider, I am very rarely in this part of town, however this little gem is worth the trip.Being in the East Valley for a meeting with my vegetarian co-worker, we couldn't pass on trying out this place.  After one trip to the buffet, we were not only hooked, we were already full.  I have  been to a lot of Indian buffets around town, and this one introduced me to a lot of new items, and tastes, I had never experienced before.  Being strictly vegetarian (and some vegan), you did not have all those "regular" dishes you find in the other buffets (tandori chicken, lamb curries..etc.), so they were replaced by new and exciting delicacies.The mushoom tikka masala was so go, I could have pulled my chair up to the buffet and stayed for the day.  We were also introduced to Dosai, or rice crepes, this variety filled with potato and onion.  If you happen to find yourself in this part of town, a visit here is something you will not regret.OH...One last thing...You know how they say that you can tell an ethnic restaurant is good if "they" eat there.  Well during my visit, ALL the other guests were Indian!    'Nough said!
5	Absolutely love this place for the vegetarian lunch buffet!  The food is delicious and the dosas are the best I've had.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
5	My partner and I were so thrilled to find this place on the Happy Cow app!  It is so difficult to find good quality vegetarian/vegan restaurants in the Valley.  This place was amazing!  The food was incredible.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  I just wish it was closer to home and I would be here all the time.
5	Six of us for dinner - adults and teens - fabulous food - we'll definitely be back. Vegan & vegetarian dishes so tasty. And very reasonably priced.
4	Every time we drive by Udupi Cafe, we think about stopping in & finally we got the chance to! We were really hoping for the buffet, but they only have that in the morning (11am-3pm daily).After browsing the menu, we opted for the vegetable manchurian & the South Indian Thali. The Vegetable Manchurian was really tasty & was a very large portion (it was definitely priced well considering the quantity); the manchurian was a not very spicy, which I appreciated as I'm not a huge fan of spicy food (silly, I know, considering South Indian food is always really spicy). The South Indian Thali was very large as well & contained really spicy items ... It was also worth the money.The service was good - it wasn't very busy on the week night that we went on & they had a new waitress - she asked us a couple of times if she could get anything out of the way when there was clearly still food remaining on all the plates - we didn't mind as she did note it was her first day. We'd definitely recommend this restaurant & will be back!
2	I have been here more than five times for Sunday brunch and have had fairly decent experiences. The buffet has a lot of options and some really good dishes like the bisibelebath. The dosas are better than anywhere else around here. However, it was a different experience today. I don't know if the food was bad because it was a weekday when they don't expect a lot of crowd. I am pretty sure I would not go back.1. Rava dosa tasted extremely salty after it wasn't hot anymore and it drips oil!2. Rasam did not taste like rasam. It was just mildly flavored water.3. The raita served with Vegetable Biriyani was way too sour.4. Vada was neither crispy on the outside nor soft on the inside. It was hard to fully eat even one. The chutney absolutely didn't taste fresh.The Chaat Papri was the only saving grace.
4	After having tried a few more Indian restaurants around the valley I decided to update my review, previously 3 stars to 4. While their lunch buffet is quite good I find dinner and ordering off the menu to be the key to making Udupi shine bright among its competition. I was able to overlook the plastic soup spoon that accompanied my Indian tea and the slightly rancid coconut chutney, upon tasting their house made Indian pickle.  This is only one of 2 places in the Valley I know of that makes their own pickle. [Indian Paradise on N Hayden in Scottsdale is the other].  So many items to choose from on the menu and all spiced more authentically than more mild/bland (relatively) buffet offerings. Definitely get one of their Dosa/Dosai (we shared one among 3 of us) and if you are a vampire don't order the Garlic Paratha, garlic lovers and those looking to boost their immunity will appreciate the generous amount of garlic.  Don't let the fact that it is vegetarian scare you, believe me you won't be missing the meat with all the great flavors and textures.
5	Best Indian I've had in the valley. Lunch buffet is outstanding. I'll definitely be back.
4	Excellent Indian food restaurant with a mostly vegan menu and a few vegetarian options. The cauliflower is not to be missed and is a reason to dine here in itself. The decor and location could be better, but the high-quality lunch buffet makes this a perfect anytime choice for a  local Indian or vegetarian meal.
5	I've been coming to Udupi for about 6 years now. And it's so good that I just keep coming back.The food is INCREDIBLE. The spices and flavors are always rich and enticing. The dishes rotate a little different every time, but there's always at least 4-5 main dish options, plus as much rice, bread, soup, and salad you can eat. Oh and dessert too.I honestly still don't know the names of most of the dishes but I love just about every one they put out. I usually try a little bit of everything over a thin bed of rice, and grab some dipping sauce for the awesome potato-stuffed pancake roll (my naming) they bring to your table.Most dishes are vegan and gluten free, but you'd be safe to ask if you are strict on either one. I eat mostly GF & vegan myself and it's nice to have a place that caters to my preferences.I've only ever come for the lunch buffet, which is $10 on weekdays and $13 on weekends, and if you come here hungry you'll get more than your money's worth.Seriously, grab your friends and check this place out. You won't regret it.
5	Outstanding food and sevice! We tried multiple entrees and every single one has been excellent. For legit and truly authentic Indian food this is a must try. Great prices and you won't be disappointed. Super friendly and helpful staff.
2	The fact that their coffee drink "with cream" and their tea with milk are labeled as vegan make me wonder if they really know what vegan means or if their "vegan" dishes also have ghee or some other dairy in them. My main complaint is the service. When we asked our server what he recommended as far as vegan food, he replied that he didn't know because he hadn't eaten there in three months....and then he recommended a dish with cottage cheese in it.    In addition, he told us it's BYOB and that we could bring wine because they probably have a corkscrew. He saw one in the kitchen three months ago...uh ok. Later we were asked if we needed anything "since you're the only two people here." He was definitely trying, so that's something I guess. The food was spicy, but pretty good overall. The servings are large (2-3 meals worth, for me).  My vegan dish was served with a yogurt sauce (not vegan). My husband had the fried cauliflower dish and liked it enough but doesn't have any desire to return. It might be better to go to the lunch buffet so you can figure out what you like. There are minimal descriptions on the menu and the servers (since the first hadn't eaten there he called over a second server) were unable to answer questions such as "what does this word mean?", "is this deep fried?", "is this spicy?", etc.We might give it another chance and try the lunch buffet, since it's so close to our place. Probably not though.
5	GH
5	Such a cute, little restaurant! I have to give it 5 stars for the excellent customer service. Our staff was so friendly and helpful,  and extremely polite. The food was great, too! I loved the naan at this place and enjoyed my chai tea.  The tiki masala was wonderful  even as a leftover the next day. And, yes there was plenty enough for leftovers. We also had for dessert (rice pudding) which I recommend.  So sweet and satisfying! I look forward to going back again!  PS don't doubt vegan, it can and will fill you up. ..especially at this place:-)
5	When I fly into or out of Sky Harbor, I never miss the opportunity to eat at Udupi's. Just ten minutes down the road from the airport, I always look forward to the scrumptious Indian food on tap here. I have no idea what anything is called, but they have these HUGE pancake-type things that are wrapped around this crazy-good potato stuff, and may daughters go crazy for them. I have to sneak a bite when they're getting something from the buffet. And speaking of the buffet, everything is vegetarian, with vegan offerings clearly marked (even the sauces/dressings). Be warned, some of the dishes are weld-level spicy, while others are very mild, and most things somewhere in between. My advice is: take a very small sampling of everything and go back for more of your favorites. Oh, and come hungry - there's no way you will have room for dessert.
5	I've given up trying to figure out which is my favorite, or even remembering the names of the dishes. I just go for the lunch buffet and take a little bit of everything and then fall into a deep food coma. Num Num Num Num mmmmmzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz......
5	This is so far the best Indian restaurant in the entire US. Living in Bay area for  4 years, with restaurants every nook and corner I feel this is so far the best South Indian restaurant. We were traveling back to the US of A from mexico and had a 16 hr layover in Phoenix. Decided to catch up on our Indian pallet :). We ordered a Udupi special thali and delux thali. Lot of food but there was not even a single dish we hated. The portions are huge, flavorful and homely style. The kanchipuram idly was yummy. The service was extremely nice. Recommend this restaurant to anyone in and around Phoenix/Tempe/ Scottsdale area.
5	I've been here twice so far. Got the Chetty Nadu Cauliflower Dosai today. So good. The dosai is so crispy and huge! It comes with coconut chutney, this other reddish chutney(?), and sambar. I'm not sure what the second one is.I got the vegetable uthappam last time, different texture, also amazing.
5	Good food and service.My experience is they want to be the best which naturally means they have a lot of contact with diners. Things were explained to me plus I was greeted, asked by numerous staff who the food was and then no less than three people said goodbye.I was alone and was very modestly dressed.It is good that the food was great but if it had not been the considerable contact would have allowed for resolution.Today's fare was Mango shake, onion Paratha bread, Muilagathany soup, cheese Dosai
5	Amazing restaurant!!They have amazing food here and great prices!
5	Good
