5	When my regular massage girl moved back home I was stuck with no good options.  Thankfully I stumbled across Nature's Spa and I'm glad I did.Joy is a friggin' godsend.  The woman's got hands that go from piercing steel (to get out those stubborn muscle knots) to feather light within the same movement.  You can feel her experience as she knows exactly how to unlock the muscles for a deep seated relief.  When I hopped off her table I was light headed and felt like jello.I can't recommend this lady enough.  She's cool as hell to chat with if you're in the mood or quiet as a church mouse if that's what you're looking for.  Good massage therapists (with real solid experience) are very hard to find, so now that I've found her I'm not letting go.  Even if she moves back home I'm tempted to follow her.The one reservation I had in writing this review is that if more people know about her then I'll have a tougher time booking a table.
5	Just got the best facial of my life! Hands down, I feel twenty years younger.  The atmosphere is calm and soothing.  Had to schedule an appointment for a massage on my way out.
5	Late yesterday afternoon I took an hour off and had a totally relaxing, refreshing facial from Corie.  I was completely relaxed and soothed with the luscious treament on my face and neck.  The fragrance of the products were wonderful, the lighting and music were so peaceful and the scalp massage was amazing.  I felt younger and know that my skin so appreciated the therapy.  Totally recommend it!
5	I've had two massages here. One from Michelle and one from Diane. Both were a mini-vacation of relaxation. This is a very calm, nurturing place. The first time I arrived, I thought they were closed because it looked so dark inside and decided to wait in the hallway. When I only had five minutes before my appointment I decided to try the door which was indeed open. (note to self: just try the door to begin with). The spa is dimly lit and perfect to enter an entirely different world than the one that brought you here. Did I say this was a calm place? Prepare to relax. It completely avoids the corporate feel of the chain massage factories that have popped up all over... Nothing against them. I occasionally go to them if I need just a cookie cutter cheapie to get me through. But Nature's has a very personal feel. It has all the love you can expect from a small, local business.I have many treatments on my list to try. So far I've only had swedish massages purely for relaxation and health. Next up, Headache Relief for 75 minutes. After that, I'm thinking a wrap or a facial. So many choices! I don't think you can go wrong here, truly. The staff is very helpful and will help make a good choice if given a few details about your life and your particular body. Enjoy. And remember to breathe.
5	A few weeks ago I tried a massage from Katie. Heaven. Her pressure was gentle but effective. I had a swedish massage. I will definitely be asking for her again. Do yourself a favor, schedule now. Come to think of it, I think I'll do the same. Good idea. Thanks.
5	I recently received a combo massage and facial from my husband as a birthday gift. He told the employee what he was looking for and she helped him customize the package for me. The service I received from Lisa was exceptional. I have been to Nature's Spa and Wellness before and have never been disappointed by their staff, services, or atmosphere. The pricing is great for what you receive. I had chilled cucumber water, hot tea, and a fruit and cheese plate waiting for me when I arrived. They also offered me a glass of wine. My body, skin, and MIND felt absolutely amazing afterwards. Now that they offer appointments on Sundays, there's no excuse not to pamper yourself!
5	I wanted to do something special for my wife after a traumatic experience. I used yelp to find this place and then learned it was located beside my eye doctor. I told them what I was hoping to accomplish and they took care of my wife. She loved the product and the connection she made with the staff. The lady was very attentive and friendly. My wife has made plans to return in 8wks. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	This Place is a hidden little gem nestled beside an eyecare center off Carmel Rd. Small, but quaint, cozy, and clean, everyone I have met has been super friendly and caring as well as knowledgable about health and wellness. I have had 2 body wraps (one with Corie and one with Mario) and both were fantastic. They take the time to review your paperwork and discuss your treatment, update you during each step of the process, and ensure comfort and satisfaction throughout the entire appointment. I appreciate the excellent services offered and the customer service, and I always feel so relaxed and renewed afterwards. I highly recommend Nature's Spa & Wellness.
3	I'll start by saying that if you are looking for a quick massage during your lunch hour, this spa will do the trick.  The therapists are qualified and welcoming.  However, if you are looking for an actual 'spa' experience, this isn't the place to choose.  Its a teeny tiny little operation in a vanilla brick office building.  The space includes two interconnected treatment rooms, a waiting room that doubles as the receptionist's work space, and no showers.  Not a good spot for a ladies spa day (which is why my Mom and I went), don't expect to be able to lounge anywhere before or after treatment.  And yes, I did inform the receptionist when booking that this was our plan.  She offered to add a wine and cheese plate to our experience, but honestly I have no idea where we would have enjoyed it -- in the space next to her desk?I think our biggest let down was the way the package we booked was billed:  it was supposed to be a 90 minute hot stone massage, a 'gemstone' facial, and a special foot treatment.  They actually combined all three treatments at once -- doing the foot treatment at the same time as the 'facial'.  The quotes are because the gemstone facial was not a facial -- it was a face massage with a very thick hydrating cream.  We both kept waiting for someone to return, remove the cream, and continue with the 'facial'.  Not at all what we expected.  At the end of our treatments, the only people left in the 'spa' were ourselves and our therapists, and since the marketing and booking of services isn't really their job, we didn't make a fuss.  We did both agree that the massage part of our experience was well done and relaxing.  But that being said, we wouldn't return.
5	Had a lovely experience every time I was there. Amazing ambience, great service and friendly staff. Love their body wraps. Must visit if you are looking for a total body pampering.
5	I decided I needed a day to relax, detox and take care of myself. I got a detox package, with a massage and facial add on. First time doing a detox so I had no idea I'd be completely naked, although, I'm not shy.. The massage, the detox, all of it was amazing. I was truly pampered for over 2.5 hours. The staff was completely focused on me. I got cheeses and fruit and chocolate and tea following the treatment. Was it cheap? NOPE! But worth it and I would definitely do it again. I felt incredible afterwards.
5	I got a gift certificate here from friends, and ended up going about a week before my wedding when I was incredibly stressed out. I booked a 90 minute swedish massage with a foot treatment. Let me start off by saying that I've had a lot of TERRIBLE massages, and would leave being so sore on my back that to sit against a couch cushion would put me in terrible pain. I left my massage (that I had with Corie) feeling so relaxed and at ease that it was exactly what I needed. She was incredible, and this is the ONLY place I'd go for a massage ever again.
5	My appointment was a gift from my son while I was visiting. WOW! I've had countless facials & massages but these were top notch. I return to see Perry for a facial (she is great & so sweet) & Frank for a massage every time I'm in town. Frank does great with muscle tightness & pain. What a treat! Love the quiet, intimate atmosphere. Tucked away in a small building across from US post office on Carmel so it's convenient if you need to mail a letter too. Lol. Forgot an earring there once & they kept it for me until I came back in town the next time...and remembered me. Great little spot!
5	I've been suffering from some pretty bad neck/shoulder pain for about a week and a half.  I woke up Saturday and after a couple hours of wanting to cry I called Nature's Spa to see if they had any openings and I'm so glad I did!  The Neuromuscular Therapy was just what I needed.  Frank explained that the tension in other parts of my body were causing strain on my neck.  No heavy rubbing, so just like the website says, not necessarily relaxing, but afterword I was definitely able to move easier and the pain was significantly less today, which is when the pain was the worst the whole week previously.
5	I have been having a problem with redness and flakey skin on my face and dry rough skin on my legs and arms. I went to Nature's Spa for the first time yesterday and had a body wrap and facial from Nicole. What an incredible experience! I cannot believe the difference in my skin. The skin on my face looks new again. I woke up this morning and the redness I have lived with for the past few months was almost gone. And my skin looked so smooth and full like it was healthy and new again. I am so happy with the way my face looks. I am hooked! I know i will be a regular customer cos I love the way my skin feels. And the body wrap was pretty awesome too. I did feel more relaxed but what I liked best was that I felt clearer headed after the experience. I am a stressed out small business owner and sometimes my head gets so full and overwhelmed but afterwards I felt clear. Its hard to describe it  but between the relaxation and the detox effects of the wrap, I definately felt better. And Nicole was great and so nuturing. She is very open to suggestions, for example my hands take a beating in my work and they were very damaged by the last job I did, she massaged them and put a good deal of product into the skin. They feel so good today. The difference in them is unreal. She made me feel like I was a celebrity because she treated me so well.
