3	Great little hole in the wall bar.  They have Karaoke which was a lot of fun.. Stiff drinks and the most interesting and diverse crowd I have ever seen in Madison.
3	We went here because we were in the neighborhood and I've passed this dive for so, so many years.  The atmosphere was relaxing - you can tell by the many conversations that quite a few patrons live in the area.  We didn't order food but we bellied up to the bar and asked for two (2) long islands.  Okay; being a bartender for over a decade I'm not quite sire how you can mess this drink up (it's like half your rail goes into the drink...)  We didn't send the drinks back, we just looked at each other and made a face.  Two guys at the bar drinking whiskey and beer knew what our faces meant and a conversation began.  My next drink was Tequila laced with Roses Lime and my partner in crime had a beer.I don't think I'll be back; South Bay gets 3 Stars because the drinks were OK but the Bartender, patrons and environment were friendly and approachable.
4	Stopped in for beer and food before a concert. Nice divvy place and simple menu. Lots of fish fry options. We had the walleye. I liked that the bartender suggested getting a pitcher of beer instead of two pints because we'd save money. Only bad thing was that the bartender never came back and we had to flag the owner down to pay. I would say it's really 3.5 stars.
4	We had heard really great things about their fish fry from friends in the neighborhood and man, were they right!  We went last Friday night and from the outside, we thought there was going to be a long line based on the parking but it turns out we were able to sit right down.  The place is small and typical neighborhood bar where they made extra room for the Friday night fish fry crowd.There is a good selection of fish specials including beer battered cod, perch, blue gill and walleye.  I had the walleye and my fiancee had the perch.  She had baby red potatoes and I had the fries.  It was all fresh and crispy without being greasy.  Both had great flavor but nothing amazing, just your rock solid Wisconsin Friday fish fry.  Service was prompt and though the beer choices were fairly limited, we enjoyed it and will keep it on our return list and I would recommend you put it on your list as well!
4	South Bay Lounge is exactly what I expect of a normal Wisconsin neighborhood tavern, prefect for a casual Friday fish fry. Reasonable prices, decent selection of beers and fish, overall pretty clean and the place has a nice neon glow to it from the signs (inside and out). The selection of fish (and shrimp) is much larger than what you'd think - though be warned they do run out and were crossing off fish from the board when we went about 8pm. The fry has crispy/non-greasy. The coleslaw was good, but too much mayonnaise. Looks like they do a lot of takeout, too.I'm rating four stars, not that it's that special/unique of place, but that it does the midwest neighborhood tavern spot on.
