5	I was looking for Transition Strips,  those are those Strips they put between tile flooring and carpeting.  Well the owner explained in great detail how to finish the tile and tuck the carpeting so that I wouldn't need to use the ugly strips and he was right,  it worked wonderfully.  He truly is a great flooring guy.
5	I recently got a dog that started suffering from separation anxiety. He loved to escape from his kennel and tear up my carpet.  I found John on yelp and gave him a call.  He was the first to answer.  He quoted me a price over the phone and didn't charge me more than he quoted me when he got here. The next day the dog escaped again and tore up my carpet again and he came the next day and gave me his professional recommendation what to do with my carpet.  Any future repairs or flooring I will definitely use john again.  A small world hes done repairs for my parents and their friends.Update......I decided to go with Laminate flooring.  I have to say we had appointments at 3:30 and john was always at my house 10 to 15 minutes early. This is truly appreciated by me because I don't have any time to be wasted.  As far as laminate, When he came over he brought 6 samples that we spoke about and we went over the pro's and con's of each collar.  Sure enough he was able to find my perfect laminate that was thick and matched everything in my house.  One last update once everything installed, but i have to say with the service 5 stars all the way.
1	I used J & M Flooring LLC for an emergency carpet repair project I had. Carpet in my rental home was left in extremely bad shape after some tenants moved out. The gentleman who came out did re-stretch and repair the carpet, but he seriously overcharged me for the work. He quoted me a price based on the labor that was going to be required (he said the job would take him all day). After accepting the offer the work was complete within an hour.Overall I was not satisfied with the way this company conduct business. The work they did was acceptable. I will not used J & M flooring again in the future and would never recommend them to people I know.
