4	Ok, so by now - anyone who's read several of my reviews knows i can't figure out the 1/2 star click, hence many ratings are leaning toward 4 stars!   This place would really go 3 1/2 stars but I like it just cuz I LIKE it - so I bumped them up to 4 stars!! I stopped in there on Sunday (I eat out WAY too much!!).  I didn't realize it when I got in there ... and it wasn't until the bill came that, much to my surprise, it was 1/2 off day!!  1/2 off the ENTIRE food menu!!   NIIIIIICE!!   Looks like Sundays are 1/2 off days.....My 'weight watching' was out the window and on my table was a great skillet of the garlic / fetta fries!  ohhh they are sooo good! Tangy and saucy but the fries are golden and crisp on the outside, soft on the inside!!I had the Mediterranean wrap ... it's very good!! I couldn't finish it all - it's a good size wrap (and note the garlic cheese fries mentioned above? yah, i think i ate most of them!!) Regardless, the wrap was fully loaded, a good amount of chicken and sauce inside, but not crazy amounts. My date had a burger, which upon the first two bites, he said 'wow! this is a really good burger!'  So i take that as his complete and full review!!  The bun looked like a real 'bakery' type roll - which even if it wasn't, it looked and tasted that way!  The burger itself was cooked nicely and very juicy - good qualities in a burger! So  - one side of the garlic/cheese fries, a wrap, a burger and an ice tea and water  ....total was $11 (and change) ....that's a freakin GREAT DEAL!   Good food, half the price!It really wasn't busy and i've been in there another time and it was the same - not busy. On the somewhat odd side, both times it had a very 'clean' smell to the place.  Although I do appreciate they take their cleanliness seriously, maybe backdown on the pine sol just a tad!  Go check 'em out ... good stuff!!
4	I came here with my Sunday date guy, and I had a good time.  It was late, and we wanted something simple.  We ended up coming here because it was open, and neither of us had been here before.I liked the fact that Sunday, from 4-10 is half off everything!  The entire menu!!!  We had a great meal there, and it cost us $14.50.  Loved it!
4	Off the wall food, with good taste and an amazingly good price. A college town needs a good place to score cheap food, with cheap drinks. It's easy to discount a place that doesn't have a bunch of people already inside, but this place is great of you want a nicely size bite to eat. Their menu has Greek classics, in addition to american foods.  I loved it, and would come back, the next time I need good food, for a cheap price.
4	I honestly can't figure out why this place isn't packed 24/7!  Hubby and I have been here a few times and we love it.(Ok I guess we probably start a little early for you young folk!) Cheap bottled beer and the menu items seem to be half price every time we go. I think the staff is small, I remember the server from the first time, she's cool. Didn't catch her name, shame on me. A guy came out from the kitchen to take our food order, seen him before too. Didn't catch his name either, I suck. Very nice guy, brought our pizza out and made sure it looked right to us. I had a cheap salad again, no mystery there. That's how I roll. Good though. I can tell it's not that package salad crap, it's handmade and fresh. We really like this place, all the food we've had has been really good. Not your typical bar type food, lots of cool choices. The music has always been nice and loud, mostly 80's or 90's stuff. We'll come back a lot!
4	Great food at reasonable prices. I've had lunch here twice so far, and will definitely be back. Friendly staff, very accommodating.Update 2/27/2010: I've been back 3 or 4 times since, and still enjoy going here.
4	We too were lured in by the hostess...and her offer of half off food. :)A cute waitress quickly greeted us and sat us at a table. 2-for-1 special was also in effect...how lucky are we?!  We looked over a very tasty looking menu, but in the end an urge for gyros locked in our pick.  We ordered a Gyro burger, a regular gyro and tossed in two small Greek salads.   The salads came out first and left us wishing we would have ordered the large!  Not because they skimped, but it was just very tasty.The gyro meat was super tender and can't remember when we have eaten better.  Hate eggplant, but I really wanted to order the baba ghanoush. In the end, I just kept repeating "baba ghanoush" all night....love the way it sounds! :)We had great service all night and look forward to eating here next time we are in Tempe.One recommendation....put some felt protectors on the feet of the chairs.  The metal on tile sound had the same effect as fingernails on a chalkboard.....aaaaaaw!
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere10 Value3.5 stars really.  I just couldn't quite do the 4.  The fact that food was half off (4-10pm on weekends!) was awesome!  The schwarma was good, but the falafel was kind of dry and avoid the fried pita if you get hummus - get soft pita instead.  The hummus itself was very good though, as well as the healthy portion of chicken we got on top of it.The taps are slim pickins', but the service is very friendly and the space cozy.  Again, half-off the food was MONEY.  Large hummus plate w/ chicken + 2 wraps + 2 beers = $18 (before tip).  Wow!
3	Crave Cafe reminds me of a place people trying to look trendy and hip go to grab a bite and drink. The cramped tables and narrow restaurant doesn't look conducive to actually eating a meal, but the pizzas, regularly priced at $12, were $7 so why not? The place is way less expensive than the vibe it gives off when walking past on Mill Street. The restaurant was pretty much empty minus some guy at the bar who looked like the Dude from the "Big Lebowski" sipping on a beer. They had flat screen televisions in virtually every corner of the restaurant so I was able to catch up on sports highlights while dipping my pita into some hummus. Since I was on vacation and had pretty much separated myself from the world, Crave was like a slice of heaven. The Bears lost?! The Patriots aren't going to have home-team advantage?!  And yep, the Lions still suck. Too bad the food wasn't anything special. We ordered hummus as an appetizer and it was sort of plain. I've bought better hummus from the grocery store. After being swayed away from the pizza in favor of the $6 Mediterranean chicken sandwich on lavish bread I was rather disappointed. The sandwich was big, but it was mostly lettuce and bread. Not a whole lot of chicken at all. The Greek dressing was absolutely delicious though.I think I'd rather drink and eat an appetizer at Crave than actually an entire meal. My friends loved their pizza so maybe I just made a bad decision.  And the service was great so I give this place three and a half stars.
4	We were walking down Mill Ave. Looking for a place to eat, when out of nowhere, the hostess in front of Crave says, "Half off all food and drinks."  The place looked alright, so that was all me and my friends needed to hear. We were seated and instantly had our drink order taken which was cool, but the food was the best part...they serve Greek/Medeteranean food and it was probably the best I've ever had...I ordered the chicken shwarmawhich was delicious with the garlic sauce...but the best thing was the gyro meat...ridiculously good!!!  Plus the service was great!!! Cheap drinks...$4 redbull and vodkas$4 yagerbombs$4 long island iced teas$2 budlightsand cheap food make Chuck one happy guy!!!
2	We went in for the $1 drafts. The food was half price so we decided to try the falafel platter. It came out very quick but it really wasn't that good. The falafel was hard and dry, like little hockey pucks. The tzaziki tasted like it came out of a plastic container. The pita bread, hummus, and veggies were okay, but again, nothing great. Just go for alcohol.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The drinks were good and the food decent - not to mention half off. The service was good and the atmosphere is kind of cozy and chill. I'm a bit of a people watcher and for some reason each time I have gone I am amazed at the random array of patrons. My one caution for you is avoid the fried pita- it just didn't work especially with the hummus.
3	I come here about twice a month for lunch. The food is decent, I really like the roasted chicken sandwich. Their ice tea sucks, the schwarma is decent and the service is always excellent. Great spot when you're in a hurry, but the best part is they have excellent specials. For example today I had a roasted chicken sandwich and sweet potato waffle fries for 5 bucks!
3	I've only been here on weekend evenings when Crave Cafe becomes a lounge. Prior to my visits to Crave, my friends and I would pass Crave and notice they would play a pretty good mix of top 40 hits that made you wanna dance to the beat. Anywho, a friend of mine has the hook up at this place, and apparently on Sunday nights it's 2-4-1s until midnight (eh.). It's a narrow space. Basically the moment you walk into the lounge, it's the dance floor/lounge area, then the bar, down a long hallway, and before the patio are the tiny ass bathrooms and then the patio... it's tiny. But with good beats, no cover, and bartenders who can mix alright drinks, this is not a bad place to stop at when you go bar-hopping on Mill Ave on a Fri and Sat. night.
2	I'm loving the music ...I can definitely dance to it!I'm loving the space...enough people in the bar, but there was still space to catch a breath.I'm loving the cheap ass prices....dang $18 bucks for 3 drinks?  Can't find that at many places!...But then I tried the drink.  Wow that was not grey goose with pineapple juice!!!  I dunno what kind of pineapple juice they are serving, but ...ew!  I know I sound like I am over reacting, but cmon, I was having such a good time at this place that their alcoholic drink, was a buzz kill.  My friend ordered a Stella and she said that tasted weird to.  Ionno man, whatchu doing with your drinks??Crave you fail me for your yucky beverages!
3	This is a nice cafe to come to for a tasty meal and a few drinks when you're in the ASU-Mill Avenue area of Tempe. The servers are friendly and attentive, the food is good (and half price on weekends from late afternoon to early evening), and the atmosphere is very informal. Outdoor dining is available both front and back of the cafe, which is good especially if you don't prefer the somewhat loud music inside.
2	Ha! This place is funny.. I am only reviewing the Bar at night ..Having been  here a total of three times now so I think I can fairly evaluate this place with a good average of experiences to formulate an articulate and befitting summary of my opinion of this establishment:If you want to get yer drink on and yer swerve on with an assortment of homies and rather drunk frat guys this is yer stop cuzz.Five doodz crowded aroung the one 8-ish ( scale) girl in the room is not my idea of a Part'e.. or even a good time really.I am not into C-low and ladies if you are out to meet a man with gold in his teeth workin on that grillz step up and get yer shake on.My hat is not twisted to the side, my pants are not at my knees and I certainly did not stumble in from the Mill Avenue cue club.I will give them the fact hey don't over charge for the drinks, but ehh thats about it.. I can remember thinking to my self.. Self why am I here.Self am I and my friend too old to appreciate this?Am I the second oldest guy in the room?Who knows what that other guy was doing there. I didn't ask him any questions.The charm and glamor of the 20 something girl who like a sirens song led me into the rocks of this place will not get me again.. Fool me three times shame on you..Anything past that I think I know what I am getting myself into anyway.Reading the reviews about the restaurant I will try this place again in the day time but avoid it and stumble a few doors down to another place before I get into a cab for the long ride home.
4	Anyone who knows me also knows that I'm not a fan of Crave on weekend nights. I just don't like the crowd it attracts - I'm a Cue/Zuma person. This past weekend, however, I saw Crave in a whole new light when my friend suggested we try it for lunch. I'm a huge Mediterranean food junkie and the Crave kitchen really impressed me! It was pretty busy when we went in and the entire menu was 50% off (every Sunday).  Between the 2 of us we had Greek fries, Greek salad and a chicken Shawarma plate. Total bill = $14. Another positive note: the restaurant was totally transformed from what it looks like at night, and it was very clean. I'll be back for lunch some day!
3	I went here because it showed up as a hookah lounge on my phone. Also, because the music sounded decent from outside plus the half off on drinks. Can't beat that. :)First, let me say the food was OH SO GOOD. And such a large portion too. Excellent food.The DJ came in.....and he was quite lame. Like every other song he played was "danceable". ((it was this fact that made me leave))The hookah was....well pretty damn awful. They used their own store brand, which should have been my indication, but I wanted it anyway. Plus my friend never had hookah and I wanted to treat him.The flavors were lame and the coal they used! They only give you one piece! And it was a brand that is really "chemically"(lack of a better word))Bottom line...FOOD-GREATMUSIC-HIT or MISSHOOKAH-LAME
3	Came in for lunch and was very happy. I had the classic burger with garlic fries. I'm not sure what the sauce had in it but it was somewhat sweet. I liked it. Also had hummus with fried pita bread. Very good a well. The staff was friendly and service was very good.I would stop in again.
2	1.5 stars. WORST. SERVICE. EVER.our waiter seemed completely clueless. kept mixing up orders. he disappeared for awhile...we were finished eating for at least an hour before he even showed up at our table again. trying to flag him down was nearly impossible. the checks weren't even calculated right. he never came back to the table, so our whole party ended up getting up to go pay for our stuff at the bar. seriously, how is it that a different group that came in at least an hour after, ate and left before we did? at least the food was good and they have good happy hour specials. thats the only reason why i would even consider coming back.
1	I came in because the chalkboard on the wall said "$1 Coronas" and it is 107 out today. Sounded like a good way to cool off.Went in. Only person there. Ordered a corona. Waited about 2 min for them to give it too me. I ordered the beer & it took the guy 2 min to get me a beer & lime slice in the middle of the day when I'm the ONLY customer AND I'm sitting AT THE BAR where I can almost reach them myself!?!?!?I get the beer and they tell me it's $4. I'm like "What about the sign outside?"Him - "Oh that's just for ladies. Sunday is ladies special."Fine. Whatever. I paid because I was a hot & bit hung over and a cold beer was sitting right in front of me.I ordered some hummus w/chicken  & bread because it was 1/2 off.There was only 1 piece of pita cut up and arranged to make it look like there was more. There was a fair amount of hummus but it was the worst I've ever had. If they made "instant hummus" that came in a powder where you could just mix with water then this would have been the generic wal-mart brand of thatIt still cost $5 when it was 1/2 price so that means normally they charge $10 for it. Rape.I was still thirsty and they had Jager-bombs on "Special" for $5 (not much of a special IMO) and I ordered one for the "wings" I hoped it would give me.They brought out a jager & red-bull mixed in a glass.To clarify for those of you that don't know a Jager-bomb, by definition, is Jager in a shot glass dropped into a glass of energy drink.A Jager-Red-bull is the two mixed in a glass.It changes the taste and is a DIFFERENT drink even in bartender guides.Then they wanted to ARGUE with me about what a Jager-Bomber was because apparently the customer is NEVER right to these guys. The argument was over when I pulled up www.Jagermeister.com on my laptop and showed them the official definition of a Jager-Bomber according to the manufacturer of the liquor..It was also noisy. I like music or TV or w/e in most places but they had a radio AND TVs up loud and the mix of the two was just an annoying noise. I complained to the manager and he gave me a few of their businesses cards that I could use for $1 Millerl Lites like it was something special to make up for everything. (There were also a stack of these cards I noticed on my way out that ANYONE could grab) Basically treating me like I'm retarded and brushing off my complaint without really doing anything to fix it.I will never be back here. I wish it was still the Philly cheese-steak shop that it used to be years ago.I'm sitting in here on their free wi-fi as I write this.It's almost like shooting someone with their own gun.
4	we're on a coupon roll for restaurants lately. after the tour de fat today, we hit up crave for some lunch. for an hour, we were the only folks in there. the decor is cool, but the music was kind of loud for such a small place. we were in no rush, so it was ok that there was only one server because it took a while for everything, but he was extremely attentive and polite. i was a bit surprised to find so many "non-mediterranean" items on the menu, especially the limited vegan/vegetarian options. but no matter, we can always eat a salad if need be. my girl got the falafel platter and it was VERY good! the gyro meat on on companions dish smelled delicious and i wanted to give up the no-meat lifestyle right away. my fish and chips were good, as fish and chips go. the babaaaaaaaaah ganoooooosh side was quite enjoyable as a dipping sauce for the fish. we would've spent 60 bucks for the four of us (no alcoholic drinks), but only paid 16 since we had the coupon, so i guess it's expensive, but not today!
1	Hot mess.  Reviewing for nightlife, not food, though based on my experience and fellow Yelp reviews, I'd hardly try this place for a meal.  Went out with friends after an out-of-town friend wanted to hookah it up and another friend said he knew the owner of the place.  We got a table, ordered unlimited flavors and watched the ridiculous display begin.  Bouncers moonlight as servers, bringing hookahs and helping out as needed - unfortunately, some were much better than others with attentiveness and service.  Very frustrating and a waste of the unlimited flavors.  This could have been partially because of the fact that the majority of the clientele were three sheets to the wind.  Not a problem except for the fact that in our short time there, not one, not two, but three people threw up on themselves right next to us.  Also had a lot of people come try to sit at our table when people in our party went to the bathroom or the bar - mostly guys hitting on the girls in our group and trying to bum off the hookah.  Watched a group of guys swoop in and commandeer another table's hookah after the 21st birthday girl threw up on the table and their party left abruptly.  I'll pay for my hookah, thank you.Last call and the place is a sloppy mess - I literally had to stretch my feet out in my heels to keep my shoes on my feet, the floor was so sticky.  Made it out just in time to see one of the guys who was trying to bogart our table get hogtied and arrested on Mill.  Random.Shan't return.
1	I have been visiting this location since they were "La Pita".  The food is almost always very good, and while today was no exception to this, I won't be returning.The service was "good enough", though the server was a bit cold and vacuous of any emotion or energy.  Upon paying for my meal though, somewhere between charging my debit card and walking the receipts back to my table, the server managed to lose my card.I checked all around my area, even in my wallet and pockets to make sure I hadn't absentmindedly placed it elsewhere.  When I confronted her on still having my card, she went into full-on ignorant moron mode and denied still having it, claiming that she had already given it to me.  I started out polite enough, but her detached "I don't care" attitude quickly made me angry enough to demand to talk to the owner.Once the owner showed up (Benny), her attitude softened a bit, but not much.  For his part, Benny seems like a nice enough fellow and apologized many times over.In the hunt for my card, the source of the foul oder where I was sitting was also found.  An old beer bottle that had a shallow amount of completely rancid liquid was found behind one of the seats where I was.  Cleanliness is not their forte and I am considering a call to the health department as well.As to if my card was actually stolen, misplaced or truly lost -- who knows? But I won't be going back and I will be sure to share the tale of my experience at Crave with any who are considering going there.Edit: They also have a pretty long list of health violations recently with the county health department.http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDown&in_insp_id=1511798&cat=02&type=01
4	All the bartenders know how to treat their customers, WITH AWESOMENESS!
4	Woooo boy! Some harsh reviews on the poor little unassuming hookah/gangsta rap hangout known as Crave. Well allow me to retort. Crave is excellent for what it is - a mish mash of hookah, cheap drinks, and good food specials. It's a great spot to pre drink without dropping a hundred bucks if you're with those annoying friends who feel like they need to go out before 11. The food specials are solid as well. As Sunny mentioned, five bucks can get you anything from a hummus plate to a quesadilla to a solid sandwich combo. Throw in a couple $2 beers or mixed drink and you've got yourself an excellent post work wind down. The music selection does get pretty gangsta on the weekends, but if you are just looking to avoid the long lines at Cue or Zuma, and want a cheap drink while you're doing it, Crave is the place to be. On a side note, I've never lost my card or witnessed anyone puking.
5	Good times. I'm a regular down on Mill Ave. but it  wasn't until last weekend that me and my girl friends tried this place out! The hostess outside was very friendly and told us about the $1 corona special for ladies so we had to stop in for a quick drink. After seating us down, our waitress told us about the everyday happy hour special which made almost all of the food items 1/2 priced. I ordered the roasted chicken panini with greek fries and was nothing short of impressed. My friend ordered the Greek burger and said it was the best burger she's ever had.  Besides the great prices and food, our service was fantastic. The staff was all very friendly and took great care of us our entire stay there which ended up being several hours. If you're looking for a place with some awesome food, awesome drinks, and overall great time, you gotta try this place out!
4	We had a great dinner here a few weeks ago. New to the area, my boyfriend and I were exploring the East side of Phoenix and were checking out Mill Avenue. We were in search of a vegan friendly restaurant and Mediterranean food usually fits the bill. My Big Fat Greek is absolutely terrible so we decided to try this little joint. The woman at the door welcoming people in off the street was so warm and friendly. Apparently she is the mother of one of the owners. We were seated at one of the few tables outside. Inside we could see that the bar was quite busy and all seemed to be having a good time. Our waitress came along shortly and adjusted the stand-alone heater next to our table. I ordered the falafel plate and the baba ghanouj. The falafel was actually really good and the baba ghanouj was some of the best I ever had and was served with crispy pita chips. They had a half off bottle of wine special and were able to re-cork the bottle so we could take it home. The owner came out to speak with us towards the end of our meal and mentioned all the different events they have including a live DJ on certain nights. I believe they also have a discount for people who work for the city.
1	Normally I would give a restaurant the benefit of doubt but I have been here several times since it opened and have never left happy. The hookah didn't taste great. I'm not a fan of the mini hookahs. The food wasn't bad but I'm sorry $7 for a gyro seemed like a bit much considering it doesn't come with a side. The bartender/server my friends and I had was incredibly rude like it was an inconvenience to even say hello. It took about 20 minutes to even get drinks and acknowledged. When I paid my tab was $7 but because my friends and I each paid separately they added a $0.50 charge per bill. To top off the experience I paid with a $10 and the server decided that the change was his tip. Normally this would have been fine if I had received better service but this time it sealed the deal on me never going back.
4	This little place can be good or evil....... depends on the day/time..Well to start off I do enjoy coming here whenever i'm on this side of town. This is the best place for cheap eats thats filling and delicious... during happy hour that is... Cause you can't beat $3.50 Gyros, $6 Pizzas, etc... The pizzas are big enough for 2-3 people or one hung over person. Oh and just look over your check before you pay, they messed up a few times by not adding HR prices and mixing up the checks.. oh bother.On the weekends, it's a good place to stop off for that first drink to get your feet wet. They usually do 2-4-1 drinks until 12pm, so my friend and i usually split the  cost. And well yeah those drinks can sneak up on you, so be careful..  The different times I was there I enjoyed the music they played, dance, old school hiphop...etc..And its a mix of people so thats always nice, unlike the other places, this place has different people all the time.
2	I love the food...BUT the service is horrible. I am writing this update because I recently visited them again and well the service didn't change. There was at most 3 groups of ppl around 4pm and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time, for awhile we all glanced at one another and I know we all silently thought "where the heck did she go?"  We had to wave her down if we wanted something... she seemed like she didn't care to serve, but it's what you were hired for- Remember!?I left annoyed, but full of good food:)  (if you want to know which server i mean, she has really bad hair coloring-blond/black?)
3	Good not great but they have good happy hour and Sunday specials and hookah. Can't say its the best ever, but I usually am happy with my expiriance. If they didn't have hookah, I'd find somewhere else to go. If you're looking for hookah- give it a shot.
3	I came on a Thursday night/Friday morning. To say this place was empty would most certainly be an exaggeration but let's just say the number of people dancing was not proportional the the volume of the music. Drinks were good. A pint of Stella on tap ended up at about $5 which I suspect is not too bad for an import beer on Mill. Crave appears to serve food through closing but I wouldn't be surprised if they closed the kitchen a little earlier than advertised for lack of business. Crave also serves as a hookah bar and you can order a hookah and relax although it may be difficult to maintain a conversation. Crave also gives you several package options to buy hookahs, allowing you to mail it home. Notably, you can even buy a hookah, use it to smoke there and then have them ship it home to you. Although, as I said earlier, I somehow suspect the price to be slightly high. Crave had a great atmosphere and I'm sad to say I didn't go on a night when it was full up but I will be returning.
4	It doesn't have to be hopping to be a great place. Tasty food, great happy hour (til 9!) and a patio right on Mill Ave means 4 star. Hummus with chicken, baba ganoush (on the smokey side) and $2 Modelo are worth coming back for. Friendly waitress Julia topped it off.
2	I usually go into Crave on the weekends when walking down mill, but for a change, I went on a Wednesday night. They had on the front a Gyro for $5, so I said why not.The gyro didn't come with any sides, so I ordered a side of Basmati rice as well. When the gyro came out, it looked like a Gyro, but it didn't have any feta on it. So i asked for a side of feta. I got a small 2oz cup of feta of mostly powered-looking feta, which is the bottom of the barrel.The food was okay. The rice tasted overdone, it was clumpy and starchy like it had been hanging around too long. But the thing that got me, was that the rice that came out was like one little scoop of rice, that I had to pay $2.00 extra for. It just didn't make any sense..it probably couldn't have filled up a little 4 oz cup. Imagine having to buy rice at $4.00 per cup! That would be like $64.00 for a 1 gallon tub of cooked rice. When the check came the gyro was $5, the scoop of rice was $2, and the feta dust was $2.00, for about an ounce's worth of feta! I don't know where they get their feta from, but I sure hope they're not paying $32.00/lb for the stuff...If it wasn't "happy hour" i would have had to spend another $2.00 on the Gyro: for $9-$11 for a gyro isn't worth it...at that rate, I might as well go to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant next dook or the Phoenicia Cafe and get a Gyro, fries, and a coke for $7!I may come back later, but as far as food goes..not anymore.
5	I love the staff here! They always treat me like Gold when I come by, from the service to the food this place is amazing. Every time I'm on Mill I make a point to swing by and say hi! I always feel like family!
2	I agree with the other reviews on here that critique Crave for its slow service and disappointment with the food presentation. I too was left wondering where the waiter was and whether he forgot about us or not. My friend ordered the Gyro and it did not come with the usual toppings that you experience at other places, lettuce, feta and tzatziki. When we asked for tzatziki, it took forever for the waiter to remember we had asked for it, and we were charged for it. I did enjoy the white sangri however, which was very delightful.
4	I was on a bike ride with the bf and my fambam and a Crave employee outside pulled us in with the specials. I forgot what night it was but the gyros were $5 and the appetizers were half off. OMGeee the gyros were so good and was overflowing with meat. We also got some garlic fries and hummus and everything was great. We even ordered a second order of hummus because we all demolished the first one! Service was really fast and friendly. I've also stopped here when the place turns into a bar on friday/saturday nights. It's a good place to grab a few drinks with friends without a line/cover. Will definitely return for more gyros.
2	Good place to go if you think you'll be hungry about an hour after you eat.  Waitress was friendly enough, but the wait to get food was absurd.  It was good after we finally got it.
4	It's nice to find cool places on Mill Avenue that aren't corporate, and Crave Cafe and Lounge has been feeding hungry students and the like tasty Mediterranean and American food for years.The small locally owned restaurant is cozy and welcoming, with dim red lights, tables situated closely together and a little bar area in addition to the outside patio. There are a couple televisions broadcasting current sporting events, and the atmosphere is warm and friendly.But you don't really go to Crave for the ambiance-you go for the food. While the menu does have Mediterranean options, the spot also offers up a variety of pizzas, sandwiches and burgers. The really amazing thing is that more than 20 of the menu items are half-off during the spot's daily happy hour, from 4-9 p.m.My friends and I were indulgent and started with the Mozzarella Sticks ($3.50 during happy hour). They were very tasty, even though they were a little greasy, and the sticks were super-thick and oozing with cheese. My pal Michelle Kern said that while they were delicious as always, the breading could have used a little more flavor.For my entree, I got the Falafel Platter ($11.50), with falafel, really tasty rice, hummus and pita bread and grilled and raw veggies. I would have skipped the grilled veggies for more hummus (they were a little too oily), but the falafel and rice made for an awesome combination.Michelle got the Mediterranean Wrap ($7), which came with chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, feta cheese and Greek sauce, and she said it was delicious. She said, "The chicken had a good marinated flavor and the right amounts of Greek dressing, feta and vegetables to complement each other-and all I could think about was the crispy Lavash that it was wrapped it. I liked that way better than if it had been wrapped in a pita."Happy hour doesn't just include great food specials-it also offers discounts on a myriad of drinks. And if that's not enough to make you hanker to go down there, Crave also offers hookahs and a lively nightlife scene with live DJ's . You can also get food until 2 a.m. nightly and 3 a.m. Friday's and Saturday's, so it also serves as a great spot to unwind after a night of hitting up clubs. But I'd go back just for the great prices on really tasty food.
3	I had brunch here with a friend on a hot July day.  It's a nice place with a laid back atmosphere.  I had the Grand Slam Breakfast which was actually better than what I was expecting.  It was a lot of food (eggs, toast, hash browns, sausage, bacon, fruit, and oatmeal) for only $9.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the hash browns were tasty and not greasy, and the sausage and bacon were really good too.  The oatmeal was yummy and the fruit was fresh.  My friend had the MIC, which is basically a breakfast sandwich on an English muffin, and she seemed happy with it.I only gave 3 stars because there was nothing really special about the food or the menu, and the bathrooms are kind of gross.Overall though, I would totally recommend this place for brunch.
2	The bouncers/promoters were hollering to go inside as we walked by. I didn't know who they were talking to so I kept walking. My group of friends decided to go inside after all, so we walked in. When he checked my ID, he rudely said, "you ignored me." Oops, not my fault.Inside, it was empty. No wonder they were luring people in. Overall, the atmosphere and the environment was just 'meh.'I would skip this place next time. One of the security people also asked us, "why do you all look so sad?" We laughed and responded that we were at the river all day. Haha! Too much sun in one day will do that you us.
4	Stopped in for a quick pitstop on a warm Saturday afternoon.  The Club Panini was really good, especially the crispy, fresh foccacia bread.  But the star of the show clearly was the White Sangria.  Lots of lemon, lime, and orange flavor made it perhaps the best we have ever tasted anywhere!
1	Very unattractive bartenders, expensive badly mixed drinks, bouncers are a JOKE. No one is every inside the joint except on ladies night when they lure women in under the pretense of free drinks...only offering cheap vodka. They use the same techno-y playlist every night with little to no variation. I've never been in there and had more than 10 customers in. Great hummus though!
4	Friendly service with a smile (it's sad that in this industry it's something I notice) server was helpful, friendly and attentive. Great deal on Sunday. Yay! Food that is good and not bad for you. Beer special ;)
