5	When you're in Vegas, you have to party. What better way to party, than to save money at the same time. We ventured down the street in search of a liquor store and market, and viola, to our surprise we found both!At the St Tropez Convenience Mart, they have both a market and a liquor store, same building, just separated by a single wall. All of the workers we ran into, were all super friendly and amazingly helpful. After we had our beers and liquor in hand, we promptly went outside and began frivolously drinking. The woman behind the counter started  waving at us, and in a drunken stupor, we all started cheering and waving back, what a nice lady!Moments later she runs outside with paper bags, and informs us that we can't drink hard liquor outside of a bag, and to make sure we keep it in the bag so we don't get into any trouble, wow, she is REALLY nice, and informative. We tell her thank you and before she can leave our side, we start drinking again and she promptly stopped us and told us we had to be at least a thousand feet from the liquor store so they don't get into trouble, too. We all told her thank you, good lookin out for us! So we crossed the street into the Hard Rock parking lot and kept the party going.If you're looking for super friendly service, great prices, and just about anything you could want for late night drinking and snacking needs, this is the spot!
4	When it comes to doing Vegas right, many people believe in the power of the pre-party. For those that are not aware, to pre-party means to purchase cheap booze from a grocery, convenience, drug or liquor store and proceed to get buzzed in your hotel room or the parking lot of the venue you are going to... When it comes to the Hard Rock, the best place to get your pre-party started is St Tropez Convenience Mart. Part market, part liquor store, all cheaper then what you will find in the hotel, which is right across the street.The last time I was at St Tropez they were out of what I was looking for, but I was able to find other libations easily. The shop is a little on the small side but they do cram a lot of product in. Employees have always been friendly. I'm a fan!
4	Yay! This is the place to stock up the hotel room with all the necessities for the Vegas party.
