5	I LOVE Serenity Nails, have always had a great experience!  Great pedicures, and the girls are always friendly :)
1	Never again!!!! One of the workers chopped my daughters nails to her knuckles.... the same worker clipped my cuticles until she saw blood, then tried to stop the bleeding with glue. Needless to say I'm not happy or felt "Serenity" during this first and last visit. Girls day ruined :(
5	I loveeeeee serenity nails! I only come here & Wynn is amazing! They take the best care of their clients and treat you as family. I have referred over 10 friends here who now are addicted to this place!! Best service, flexible hours & great work! 10 stars!!!!! Best in las Vegas/Henderson! I'm from LA, so I know good nails... This is the only place I'll go!
4	After a disappointing experience at another nail stop in Henderson, I decided to try out Serenity Nails. There was no wait when my mom and I stopped in for pedicures and gel manicures on a recent Thursday evening. We started our with pedicures. The massaging chairs were great, lots of settings so you can really concentrate on the areas you wanted rubbed. As one girl worked on my feet, another removed the gel polish from my nails. And damn, did she ever work on my feet. They are baby smooth now, and she also gave me a great leg massage and finished off with hot towels wrapped from my ankles to my knees. The same girl that did my pedicure gave me my manicure. Serenity has a great selection of gel polish, even crackle and magnetic gels! I ended up going with a flat black base, with glittery tips. She took her time, shaped my nails exactly how I like them, and paid extra attention to the cuticles. She also made sure each layer of polish was thin and smooth to ensure I wouldn't have any lumps or bubbles. We paid $50 each for a gel manicure and a deluxe pedicure. I paid an extra $5 for the extra polish on my nail tips. I also got a stamp card, for every $25 you spend you get a stamp, after 10 stamps you get $25 in services free! This is the best gel manicure I have gotten so far in Henderson... No chips, no lifting, no bubbles after multiple days of typing.
5	Super friendly and very thorough. Had a mani/pedi with Moon and she was as pleasant as can be. Great little spot.
5	Serenity gave this weary traveler some much needed TLC!  Moon is the best and if I am ever in Vegas and in need of a mani/pedi again, I will request her for sure!  She did a perfect french and I only had to tell her once the shape I like and the width of the white for my french. Tweety (sp?) did my brows just right.  This place is a gem, for sure.
4	After at least a half dozen manicures, a couple pedicures and an eyebrow wax at Serenity,  it is time to do an update. I am still happy with the manicures I get here and do not go anywhere else, however there are a few things that prevent my from bumping Serenity up to 5 star status.One of the reasons I like Serenity as much as I do is because they offer gel manicures at rock bottom prices, and they are quality manicures that last a minimum of two weeks every time. However, as with many of the cheaper salons on town, customer service can be a little lacking here. Sometimes I am offered water, others times I am not. There have been times I have asked for additional services (usually an eyebrow wax) and it was forgotten because techs are in a hurry to move on to the next client. On my last visit I made sure to remind the tech I wanted an eyebrow wax. I should have just let her forget. While the manicures here are on point the brow shaping is not. One thing I do like a lot about Serenity is that every tech I have had has done the same, high quality job on my nails, and I have had a different tech almost every time I have gone in. I will continue to frequent Serenity every 2-3 weeks for my gel manicures and recommend that others in the area do as well. Just skip the waxing.EDIT: I now see Moon exclusively for my nails. She is awesome
5	Enjoyed and thought Moon did such a fantastic job on both my mani and pedicures on my very first visit here. It's been a little over a week and the polish still look great!  I stopped by AGAIN just to have my feet and legs pampered. That's how addicting this place is becoming! Besides it's sandal season and I gotta have pretty feet! While I've been fine at whomever is convenient, available or had a coupon special for, I really haven't found a nail salon or techs that was really thrilled with going for repeat visits.  Not til now. I came across Serenity via Jessie B.'s review when I was "Yelp"ing for nail salon in the area. She's got style and she's so super cute, I knew I can rely on her recommendations. (thanks Jessie B!)I called up the salon and got a same day appointment both times. The salon was quite busy and remained that way the whole time I was there.  That did not diminish the service I got either. I was greeted as soon as I walked in. (My second visit staff remembered me and Moon greeted me warmly!)  I picked out my nail colors I wanted and was seated in the pedicure massage chair while my feet were getting soaked and soften in the whirlpool foot bath.  Ahhh nice!  I got a massage, hot towels, the works! . It was a real nice and relaxing experience. We moved on to the manicure tables and Moon also worked on my nails. My cuticles were a mess and I left with pretty hands again.  And my feet say thank you as well!The place is on the pad on the corner where the Lowes is. The salon is pretty clean, simple. There's a large screen TV to watch. The techs are very good about sanitizing the tools and the place. The prices are listed on the wall and are pretty reasonable and in line with others in the area. What differentiates this salon from others I've tried are their skilled technicians. Know that you are in great hands when you get your mani and pedis done here.
5	Love this place! Nails always look great. Don't over charge like other places!   Call first, all very nice!
1	Waited for 20 mins after my appointment time and finally gave up. Walked in to Modern Nails on Eastern and got in immediately.
5	I was looking for a nail place closer to me, since it would take me 20 min to get across town to the one I really liked!  Read the reviews for this place and gave it a shot!  I am VERY picky when it comes to getting my pedicures... so I was very nervous. I called, they said to come right in, and I was seated as soon as I picked my color. The place was very clean and quiet, and best of all... 3 miles from my home!  I REALLY enjoyed my experience!  Everything was GREAT! The lady that did my pedicure was Karen.... when she was almost done, I leaned forward and told her, " You have by far been the BEST person I have EVER had give me a pedicure! EVER!"I came to work today and told my co workers about the place and they have already made appointments!  It did tend to get pretty busy while I as there, so call and make an appointment!  I will totally be back!!!!
5	I have been going to Serenity Nails for over a year and a half now.  I would recommend the place to everyone.  They have always done a fabulous job and take the time for each client.  I always feel pampered and enjoy my time in the salon.  :)
5	So many nail salons. How to choose one?! Well, if you're reading this, the first answer is to look on Yelp, of course! When I saw this salon close to home, with good reviews from my fellow Yelpers Shirley B. & Jessie B., I knew it'd be a good choice to try out first. Located on the corner of Warm Springs & Marks St, I love the location because it's convenient & never a problem with parking. I've had Judy, Moon, a gentleman technician who's name I've forgotten work on my manicures and pedicures. All of them have done a great job. There was one visit where I had each of them help each other out, one finishing my cuticles, one painting my toes. I like that they help each other. I never had acrylics done, only gels. My 5 star rating for Serenity is mainly based on the quality I get from my manicures & pedicures. They have lasted me 3-4 weeks easily. They take their time & do a very thorough job with every step!Call in advance to book an appointment. There's been many times I get a same-day appointment with no problem & there's been days they are very busy. They do walk-ins, but plan ahead if you can. They've been awesome about starting me ON TIME when I do book, which I LOVE.The only thing I'd have to say is sometimes the work takes a while. However, it's not something I can complain about at all because seeing the  quality afterwards speaks for itself. Great work takes time. Prices seem to be reasonable, plus they include the little extras, hot towels over your feet & hands, thorough massages, great attention to cuticles & exfoliation. My feet & hands thank Serenity Nails for a good well done once again!
5	great nail salon! The salon is very beautiful and the massage chairs are comfy.  The manicurists are very nice and take their time, but just be prepared to spend over an hour on a mani-pedi. But they do an excellent job and it will last a long time! Also helps to call ahead.
3	ehhhhnot the best. I got the spa mani/pedithis was the most rushed mani/pedi i have ever gotten..there is the lunch time rush mani/pedi which is cheaper... I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THEY COULD POSSIBLY BE FASTER.. i guess because they dont do the 1 min quickie massage so they save you a minute?my toes lasted a very long time. the nail polish even though it dried practicall the whole time and I stayed an extra 10 just to make sure.. yea the polish wrinkled and was chipping 2 days later ( be advised i purposely picked OPI brand polish)  i hope they arent taking part in the ( adding acetone to the polish to thin it out ) technique that so many salons have switched to..If you are short on time... TOTALLY GO HERE! THEY ARE QUICKif you are looking for a good relaxing spa mani/pedi : TRY A DIFFERENT PLACE.
5	I have been looking ALL over town for a good nail salon. This is by far the best! Moon did my gel manicure and pedicure and I couldn't be happier. I asked for thicker gel, she made it thicker. I asked for pink with sparkles to go with the white tip for a french manicure and she painted 2 different pinks to let me choose. The salon was spotless and tools were opened from sanitized packaging. All of the staff seemed happy to be there and were very friendly. I never felt rushed or that I wasn't their #1priority. Moon did an excellent job and I will for sure be returning. They also have a punch card to get $25 off for repeat customers. Always love those!!
2	I came in to get a pedicure and to relax. Last time they did an OK job so I didn't think anything could go wrong. I had asked to pay for a longer massage ...  She said ok and I got a massage on my shins for a short couple minutes and no where else. I realized she started painting my toe nails I wasn't getting a massage and asked her why I didn't get one and she didn't understand what I was asking. Last time I visit this location.
2	Worst manicure ever!  She filed the gel off of my nails so roughly they burned.  I don't like my cuticles cut and after telling the nail tech this she attempted to cut them anyway.  No massage, no lotion, and a crappy paint job.  I will not return!
4	My sister and I went in for a mani-pedi a little over an hour before they were closing and called to make sure they would still take us and they gladly welcomed us in! Compared to other places I have been, I thought they were very thorough and took their time, not in a bad way, in a relaxing sort! However, if you are in a rush this may not be your best option. The combo was 35$, which I think is fairly standard. Overall, the salon was very clean and the staff was very accommodating! I am typically a sucker for whoever has the best deal at the time, but the customer service was top notch!
5	Finally found the perfect salon. T is amazing! So relaxing! I now have standing appointments. Everyone here is so  professional and friendly.                       Highly recommend!
5	They are all awesome in there, professional and very accommodating. Anne takes on any requests for nail designs, within reason of course! Moon is so funny.  It's always a delight to come in there!
1	I have been going to this nail salon for years so I was shocked when on my last visit I had such a terrible experience. Vivian did my nails and she cut me on my pedi several times and I kept telling her to be careful. So when she went to do my mani I told her to please be careful and not cut my fingers. But she still ended up cutting me three times more and wouldn't do my nails the way I was asking for them to be done. That night I noticed that there were several places that got missed with nail polish and that my fingers were swollen and painful around my nails. I went back the next day to have my pedi fixed and talk to a manager and she said "well, what do you want me to do about it?" And they were actually going to have the same girl work on me. I was getting very upset and decided to leave and told them I would never be coming back. They have lost a loyal customer!
2	Getting two stars just because they are willing to fix their mistake.  A friend came here with a wedding party and the results were horrible.  Paint job was uneven and just looked terrible. I came back with my friend while she got it fixed and was gonna just get a quick pedicure myself, but the attitude changed my mind. You can tell the "artist" didn't wanna fix it and tried talking my friend into another day and then also tried to talk my friend into a simpler design. When I pay $80-$100 dollars for a mani/pedi  I expect to walk out happy. Find another place.  Don't waste your time or money here.
2	Rude. Rude. Super rushed pedi/mani. If you don't have the time, then you should say so.
1	The young guy that works near the front is so rude. I called and made a 6:15pm appointment. I was 5min early yet wasnt seated til 6:40pm afterwhich someone that had walked in after me was helped. I will never come here again especially when I can take my money elsewhere and be treated better. This place has the worst customer service ever!
5	I've been coming to this wonderful place for over a year now. Never have I found a nail salon that I wanted to continue to go to. Everyone who works there is so friendly and funny! Moon usually does my nails and she always engages in a conversation with me, asking about work, family all that stuff that people don't usually care about. But she does and she remembers! She is one of the funniest ladies that you will ever have the pleasure of talking too. Ann is so sweet and knows how to run her business (and she's the best at waxing eye brows.) Another nail specialist is a different Ann (she sits in the back) and she is another one that is super sweet. She did my mother in laws nails once when she was in town and she was so happy with her results! And my mother in law is very picky. I've recommended them to all of my friends and co workers. I mean how could you not? I promise you will not find excellent customer service like there's anywhere else in the valley!
5	Best place to get your mani & Pedi! I haven't been disappointed at all! Ask for Ann or Moon there the best !
5	Went here to get my nails done on Thursday and Moon did an amazing job! I was running late and when I called to let them know they were very nice about it and told me not to worry. When I got there she was ready and we got started immediately I got gels and moon painted a flower on them they look amazing!
5	I have never had a bad experience here. I come about once a month to keep my nails looking pretty and healthy. Everyone here is super nice and friendly. They take the time to get to know their customers and always ask how my husband and "sister" are doing. They charge a very reasonable price and everything is included unlike some nail shops who try to upsell things to you. I feel very at home here and recommend serenity nails to all of my friends. If you are looking for a good nail place in the Henderson area look no further. This is the place. They are the best. I won't go to any other nail salon. They also have a stamp card each time you spend $25 you get a stamp and you can use it for $25 off once the card is full.
5	I have been a loyal customer for over the last year. Ann is amazing and does great work!!!
4	Been coming here for a while now. My go to girl is Moon. She does an awesome job! She always takes good care of me.
