5	I have loved Gumby's ever since I was a wee one.  Still, I was shocked and amazed when I found out last night that you can get a large pizza or a large pokie sticks for $4.99 on Mondays and Wednesdays.  It's pretty much the best news ever.
4	On Tuesdays you can spend a petty sum*  and have pokey sticks for practically every meal until the weekend.  Four stars to that.*I think it's still buy one size pokey sticks get the next one for 99 cents.
3	The pizza here is not really that good and the gumby sticks are ok but when you're drunk and its 3 in the AM you don't have too many options.  Gumby's delivers at all hours and you can probably tip your driver in other means than cash - not that I'd know.
2	mmmmm.....Pokey Sticks at 3am with ranch dressing after a night at the bars- nothing in Madison can beat that. Pokey Sticks or Gumby's pizza at any other time of the day or night, however, is just a greasy pile of cheese- definitely nothing special, bordering on bad.
5	If they offer deals, THE BEST PIZZA IN TOWN. $10 for a 20 inch pizza? Yes, please.The pokey sticks are pretty damn good too.
4	I love you Gumby's.  You not only answer the phone on New Year's at like 3 am, but you deliver my Pokey Sticks promptly.  You are so, so, so tasty and greasy - perfect for thwarting a pending hangover.
2	I've never tried Gumby's before but I'd like to say -- it's pretty boring. The pizza's sauce, cheese and crust tasted like something out of a cafeteria. The place holds little water in flavors compared to other non-chain pizza joints in the city such as Toppers or Glass Nickel. That said -- it was cheap. My coupon gave me a $5 large cheese pizza and the delivery/ordering process was painless. I guess I can see why this place is open so late as it is not a good "sober food".
1	A precaution about my review: I ordered through CampusSpecial.com, so there's some of the blame for my order there, as well. I also haven't actually been inside, so I can't judge the actual place, either.What I can say: I ordered online, my order went through as BBQ boneless wings. It said so on the box as well, so I'm assuming this isn't on CampusSpecial.com for the screw-up.What I got: plain bone wings. They were not that good, either; seriously lacking in any kind of flavor. Plain wings don't need to be devoid of flavor to be "plain," they can taste like some spice. It was $8 so not the worst, but I know I can get much better, especially at the price.I've ordered here in the past, and though the screw-up here convinced me that they're not getting another dime out of me, I wasn't entirely thrilled with the pizza I had from them or the dessert pizza either.Maybe if I had gotten what I'd asked for, I'd be a little more generous. But I didn't. The service disappoints as does the food. Maybe if I was drunk ...
1	I noticed recently that Gumby's has been selling their medium pizzas for $2 a pop. This makes a lot of sense, considering this is imaginably how much it costs for them to make it. I've had better pizza at Chuck E Cheese's. Every single time I tried a slice of Gumby's, the cheese was rubbery and burnt, the crust tasted like cardboard, and sauce tasted like canned tomato paste.So despite how cheap this is, I still don't feel inclined to order from Gumby's Pizza ever again, because I wouldn't eat this shit for free.
4	So as long as you can find this place, yum! It's very weird, it's behind the IHOP and they have the same address...go figure.I ordered the pokey sticks, and they are as good as I remembered. I use to get them at MSU, but since I was in Madison for the day, I thought I'd give it a try, and they didn't disappoint. They were as greasy as I remember and so delicious. I also had a friend who tried them with me who heard me ranting and raving about them all day - he loved them too, he couldn't stop eating them.I was never a big fan of the pizza, I've only ordered pizza there once or twice, but I say stick to the pokey sticks (esp. on "stick it to me tuesdays" for their special deal) and you can't go wrong.
4	agreed this would be an incredibly difficult place to find, but once you do, trust me you wont be disappointed.  i personally think you wont find a better pizza for the price.  the place is small, basically carry out of delivery only, very rustic looking and the staff is odd, but dont let that change your opinion on whether or not to order from here.i tried multiple pizzas and loved them all.  check out my photos for the different kinds but i can assure you that everything was delicious.  the toppings were fresh and plentiful, loaded with cheese and the perfect amount of crust that wasnt over buttered or greasy.the poky stix and pepperoni rolls are worth the order everytime.  both were nothing short of buttered cheesy goodness topped with parmesan cheese and a nice side of pizza sauce for dipping.remember, i'm not saying this is the best pizza i've ever eaten, but an x-large for $10 and the quality and amount can't be beat anywhere in town, i dare you to try.  also, the best part is they're open until 3am every night for delivery or carry out.  so please give gumbys a try, you can thank me later.
5	Gumby's does not pretend to be gourmet pizza, and certainly you can find a place that makes a better pie. But Gumby's delivers an extremely good pizza for the price. For the cost of some of the more lousy pizza's you can find, Gumby's provides tasty crust, the perfect amount of sauce and toppings, and quick service. Gumby's also has a wide range of pizza choices, from the classics to the quirky. The pepperoni rolls are interesting, but certainly the star of the show are the Pokey sticks. A trip to Gumby's without an order of Pokey sticks is a failure. Admittedly, the wings need work, but in general you're not going here for wings.Edit: The owner is using his lobby space to develop a classic arcade, so far populated by MK3, Final Fight, and N.A.R.C.. Why does Yelp not include a 6th star button?
2	I had a groupon, 15 bucks for a pizza, wings, and pokey stix.  At this cheap price, I set the bar preeettty low and wasn't expecting much, yet some how, Gumby's managed to crawl right below that bar.  We ordered at 11 am on a weekday, which is apparently a BUSY time for pizza delivery. (??) It took an hour and a half to get our pizza.  We opened the box to discover they forgot the sauce we asked for with the wings, and the pizza was barely warm and tasted o.k.My advice: 1) Don't order gumbys unless you're drunk and it's 2am. 2) Don't order gumbys unless you're drunk at 2 am and think you can stay up long enough to not pass out before the pizza actually arrives an hour and a half later.
5	Itzza Pizza now open 3pm to 3am 233-3500 gives us a call we deliver  Great Pizza Pasta Calzones Wings and Salads
3	Really good, really expensive pizza joint. Out of the 5 times we've ordered from them, it was on time and delicious 4 times but cold and burnt the last time. But if it's 2am and you're hungry and too lazy to go anywhere and have $50 to spend, I recommend this place.
