3	A neat little Cafe tucked away in la Point, it's a great place to come and do some work (they have internet).Their lattes are good, and they have croissants from a local bakery that are very French. I haven't tried the other food, but they have a menu of soups, salads, etc. that looks resonable.The place is open and bright - not at all what I expected for this neighbourhood. Just don't try and drive here on a Thursday morning (until 12pm) - you can't park in half of the nearby streets, and the places you can park are full.
4	Loved to stumble upon this big bright comfy clean cafe today. A friend had messaged me about it saying it was one of her favourite new finds in her neighbourhood, but I hadn't really made a mental note of its location and then BAM, comfy couch beneath me, delicious coffee in hand, amazing smells in the air from the good food cooking, I had found it! And I'll be back for sure. It's spacious and smiley enough that I wouldn't feel bad making good use of the wifi there for a good long while. Plus I love that you can see the big open kitchen in the back, and I love the pretty wooden rocking horse and other kids toys. Generally a dear spot that I hope experiences all the best success.
2	I really really wanted to love this cafe-- it is in my neighbourhood, the coffee is amazing, the food is good.  But the service is just ... too cool to even bother with you. The girl behind the counter -- I think her name is Catherine?-- NEVER smiles, never ventures into speaking a word of English back at you.  And she just seems really disinterested in being at work.  So after a few visits, I've stopped going. They really have to be a bit warmer with customers if they want to be a mainstay.
4	It really is a highlight of my morning to walk by this place and just have some time to relax, have a good coffee and a REALLY good pastry here.I think I might soon get addicted to their pistachio croissant. Nice couch, good atmosphere, service with a smile... Wifi and cozy, what else ?
5	I love the brunch at coffee bloom! i always feel full of energy but light after a meal here. My fav is the BOL DU BRUNCH. Pair it with a nice chai late and a chit chat with tge friendly staff and you set up for a beautiful day. I come here and read also and I just observed that they have lunch menus during the week...
5	I had the delight of taking my bestie here after a morning of climbing. We stumbled in, kind of by accident, as my usual Rue Centre dig was ferme, but it was a little bit of Sunday Serendipity because this place was just the cutest! The staff were all very friendly and welcoming and we felt like we were in a friend's kitchen. The food was so so good. I had the maison granola which was basically a granola like I've never had before! Firstly, it was gigantic. Secondly, it was layered with deliciousness, including apple compote and a berry compote that was a delightful mystery because I couldn't tell what berry it was crafted from! Annnnd it contained those lovely concord grapes, and so much more. Order this if you want something healthy, but filling and a flavour fest. My friend ordered the brunch tartine and was equally pleased ... I won't write more about her meal, because I spent all my time engaged with my own dish so can't really say much about what she had, except that she stated the eggs on the tartine were the best she's ever had. I will be back for sure :D
