4	China Village has been around for years (at least 28 years that I know of). It's nothing fancy and is a true family business that serves great food. You are always waited on by one of the owners and the service is always good. The restaurant isn't too big. Although they can get busy, I don't ever remember having to wait to be seated. The wonton soup is absolutely delicious. My personal favorite dish here is the shrimp with lobster sauce. I enjoy it so much I hardly ever get anything else. This is unfortunate because they have a really great menu.The only thing that bugs me about China Village is that they only accept cash. This has caused me to go someplace else several times. Other than that, I think China Village is a great place to visit.
5	Definitely a Chinese gem in the South Hills!  Family owned and operated.  It's a husband (chef) and wife (waitress) team that owns/runs the place and my family and I have been coming here for years.  The food has always been good and fresh.  I always get a bowl of their rice soup and it always hits the spot.  I know that's it's probably a very simple dish to make, but that's definitely my go-to appetizer at this place.  Also the egg roll isn't greasy but always crispy and fresh so I highly recommend.We usually order the chicken with garlic sauce and a beef dish and haven't been disappointed.  When it gets crowded, service can be slower but be patient since it's only the husband and wife team that are holding down the fort.  I feel like it's one of those places that people go to for years and get to know the owners and the owners get to know you, so definitely worth 5 stars in my opinion.
5	My favorite family Chinese in Pittsburgh!  Best Won ton soup, egg rolls and fried rice (darkened by soy sauce). Lomein , Moo Gu gi pan yummy!  Service is the best part Kitty with her husband Kwan are the owners and Chief cooks and bottle washers.  They do it all and do it well. Cash only but you don't need much prices are very cheap. Freshly made everything (except the classic fortune cookie in the plastic wrapper and wouldn't have it any other way!). Great Oolong tea with every meal!
4	Great family run restaurant . I have been going here for 20 years . the food is great and the owner who is the only waitress treats you like family .
