4	When they say HAND car wash , they mean just that. I had no idea, that there are NO huge brushes swirling around and no gigantic blow dryer. Just hands. Lots of hands. Can you imagine hand washing cars all day long? Whew! I'm always ready with a big tip for the Los Olivos employees. Other pluses:Great magazine selection while your waitingShoe shine person. I've never used these services. My flip flops could use a shine however. Frozen treats and cold beverages.Sweaty, wet shirted, chiseled Latino men bending over my hood.Sometimes I get my car dirty on purpose. Dirty car. Bad, bad, dirty car!
5	What can I say, best hand job Ive ever had!These guys now how to handle my little bad boy. They hand wash getting him soapy and wet.. then they rinse him down so he glistens.. blow him really hard.. then rub him till he's like a shiny new penny. They even get down into my little guys cracks and crevices that most men wont go.Oh how I love my little guy.. apparently they do to!
4	Being from Michigan, I wasn't aware of the "hand car wash" luxury that appears to be so abundant here in the valley.  "Los" as my friends and I have named it, does a great job and for a measly $10 it's a pretty smokin' deal.  They start with a vacuum onto the wash and then final touches with a hand dry and a full interior clean!  Of course you can get fancy with some wax, or take it down a notch with a $6 exterior express!  Warning: They lost a star b/c they can take a while to finish your ride.  I usually come prepared with a latte and a New Times, or their on site Phx Downtown (better than the newtimes)...As long as you have up to 45 minutes to spare, it's well worth rolling out on McDowell with shiny wheels..!  You'll be ready to take on anything..
4	Jesus.  I'm just going to write a normal review here, if that's quite alright with the homosexual set, after reading the elaborate gay porn allusions detailed and manifested by their experiences at a simple car wash outpost.Erm, anyway, this place is pretty freaking great.  For a cool $12, I was able to have my (gasp!) SUV washed, vacuumed, and wiped by several people that appear to have a system, though over the course of my countless visits, have neglected to figure it out.  The cost is cheaper for your those of you with the kind of whips that take less than $50 to fill up -- i think as low as $9 for the basic wash.This place is certainly worth the time (it takes about 20-25 mins) and the paltry scratch out of your pocket.  It is very easily accessible, especially for those of us in CenPho (Oooo, burn!  I said "it").  Who washes their OWN cars in this day and age, anyway?
4	A little bit more expensive than some, a little slower too.  But you get what you pay/wait for, they do a really good job.  Worth it to frequent a local business rather than the chains.
5	This has been my car wash since I lived in midtown off 3rd street and Thomas. They do a great job, and are very accommodating if they miss a spot. They tend to be somewhat expensive, but then again they are not scratching your car with machines. I used to get the side wash with my Audi because of some modifactions that kept it from being on the rails, and for $15 you couldn't get a better wash in town. I don't recommend their detail service, as they are not very complete, but for car washes A+
2	Okay being spoiled for so long was completely disappointed yesterday at the wash.. I had to go back over the car with a rag right there in front of them.. was bullshit that I was having to clean my own fucking car at the car wash.. I could have went to the cheapy place over by my house and got a better wash for half the price.  Still pissed!Hand job indeed!
5	Los Olivos definitely takes the cake when it comes to car washes for me. Even though I live about 15 minutes away, I always bring my car here at least once a week to be bathed. The wash is cheap, well done and bonus that they are perpetually friendly. If you want a sub par wash that uses brushes and the employees couldn't give a crap about you, please, frequent the other 'cheapy places' closer to you.
5	Los Olivos is great!  I am a huge fan of any car wash that doesn't use brushes.  The people here are incredibly friendly & the do a great job.They also offer detailing & window tinting.  I've never had a complete detail here, but they do a great job on mats.
4	Los Olivos how could I ever cheat on you! I am ashamed to say I've been stepping out on you and visiting other washes.. I'm sorry but they were closer, faster, less expensive, and some even had tacos. I've learned my lesson, you give the best hand jobs in town. Your staff is friendly, your store has great magazines to peruse through, and I could even get my shoes shined... I'll never cheat again.. I've learned my lesson, your quality work is worth the drive and the wait.
4	my car was a filthy mess and there was no way a clean freak 4.99 drive through wash would do the trick. i needed the works. melted sticky horchata running down my window and side of my car is no fun task to remove. nor is vacuuming up the mess of my backseat.but for $25, los olivos had my car shining like new and smelling like potpurri.  my windows were sparkling clean, my carpets/floors were spotless, and my dash was so shiny i could barely see driving home. it took about 25 minutes for all of this.i guess i could have done it myself and saved the 25 dollars but i didn't mind dropping the extra cash to pamper my lady.
4	Pricing was a bit tricky but I was able to get what I needed.  They vacuumed, washed the exterior including rims and shampooed the carpets for $29.99.  I would come back.
4	A car wash is a car wash is a car wash. No matter how much you pay for it, there's usually still some goopy tar or a speck of dried up bird shit stuck on your car and water spots where it didn't get dried well.  It always costs a little more than it should, and takes too much damn time out of a precious Saturday morning.So why bother to go to Los Olivos? It's an independent small business in a sea of Danny's-type mega-places. They actually do a decent job, and while it's certainly no screaming bargain, it's reasonable. They have a buy-10-get-1-free punch card deal, which would be cool if I didn't keep losing the cards. Oh, and they love the gays, just like I do.Now if they would only re-open their little coffee stand...
4	If You Knew Where Our Car GoesYou'd bring yours to Los Olivos Hand wash too.  Several years ago one of my co-workers brought El Tahoe back clean after he drove around a wildland fire for 14 days.  Think dust.  Clouds of it.  Dust pounded to talcum by hundreds of passing tires, then wet to fine sticky mud by water trucks.  The car had been washed many times by a well known car wash now out of business.  It never looked as good as the day it got washed at Los Olivos.  Richard was out prescribed burning last fall filling drip torches in the back of  the same Tahoe.  Drip toch fuel is diesel and gasoline mixed. It spilled on the carpet, soaking some spots.  Then the dust stuck to it.  Los Olivos washed ithe torch fuel out.  The car smells only of smoke now.  I can't stand those car scents.  But we had many choices.  I just can't drive around in a rig smelling of pina colada and wood smoke. El Tahoe just came back after weeks of toiling through Interstates 17 and 40 road de-icer, collecting dust and mud samples across the Colorado Plateau, and sitting under a tree hundreds of beautifully singing birds use for a night roost.  Los Olivos took it in and turned it out about as nice looking as that car will ever be.  Of course, if I did the washing, every last speck of dirt and mud would be cleaned from everywhere.  I'd take a Q-Tip to the window down near the defroster vents to get all the accumulated little vapors off the glass.  But I know where El Tahoe will go and it looks better than fine now.  Los Olivos we'll be back.
4	I'm seriously impressed, took my mom's Accord which sits in the sun everyday for the past 7 years in which the paint job has some serious oxidation (and unfortuantely some of the top coat where the sun hits the most is already gone).  In 3 hrs (quoted 1.5hrs but this car was in bad shape), the Exterior Detailing package was worth every penny.  The car looks shiny, like if I redid the paint job vs abusing the poor car in the AZ sun.  Their package is much cheaper than anyone else's and puts Danny's orbital wax to shame($$$, what I did 4 years ago, the last time I got my hands on mom's car).  No pushy windshield chip people either (chills).They kindly offered to drive me to the Arizona Center... don't do it, that place is dead and all outdoors (not fun in muggy July), ask to be dropped off somewhere else, even if it's a Starbucks down the street for wifi.
4	Los Olivos shines....I can say I have never driven off the lot unhappy. My car is always spotless inside and out. I get a hand wax there regulary for $39.99 which inlcudes a full wash and includes cleaning the mats. They have a variety of different packages to choose from, punch card, and bulk savings wash packages. If your a neat free like me and keep the inside of your car clean you can always drive in and out getting a express exterior wash for $6.00.
4	After reading the reviews here, I drove across town to get my car washed and I have to say, I was impressed.$17.99 for "the works" and they did an excellent job.  The cashier told me it would take half an hour and it ended up taking only 20 minutes.  My car was perfect.
4	Good prices and they do a great job.  Now if only they'd stay open late enough so that I could go after work instead of making me wait on the weekend.
2	Having such a good reputation, I was a bit disappointed with my last trip.  My boyfriend and I have a VW that is often occupied by our amazing American Bulldog Cashmere.  There was a good buildup of his fur in the backseat so we decided to spend the money and get a full detail on the car.  Upon arrival, they told us that it would be ready at 3pm.  Then it was later changed to 4pm.  After arriving at 4pm, my BF waiting another hour for our car to be finished.  Upon completion, the employee said :"You really need to get a different dog, because it took us so long because of all of the dog hair in the backseat."  IM SORRY THAT MY $150 WAS A BIT TIME CONSUMING FOR YOU TO FINISH THE JOB WE PAYED FOR.  I maybe would have understood if we would have purchased the lowest wash/clean or something, but we bought the most expensive...so if you really expect a car not to be a bit dirty, maybe you shouldn't work at a car wash?  I'm just saying, it was a bit insulting.
3	Average car wash. Still have to take time to wash a lot of stuff they miss (ie bugs on bumper, soda spots around cup holder, dirt in door jams, dust on dash, ect)  its fair priced but I would expect a little more care if they wanted a tip.
4	This local car was gets it done.Took the sled down for a bath today, and was warmly greeted by the manager, who helps you pick your service level. I wanted to use a coupon, but couldn't get my printer to work, so I showed it from my iPHONE, and the woman didn't bat an eye, and said no problem, I could use it as a coupon.The car wash is well done and thorough, and the price point is ok. I think the one thing they are missing, is that they don't offer rain checks. This is a problem, because that is a pretty basic expectation. Phoenix is a desert, and the definition of desert is that it rains less than 10 inches a year. We know that equates to very few rain days, so Los Olivos needs to offer a rain check.Overall, this is a good spot. Today when I was there they were letting girl scouts sell their cookies, which I thought was sweet. Too often businesses get too big and forget about the kids, and helping out people. Well done Los Olivos.
4	First off, I'll admit that this is the only place I'll take my ride too in Down Town Phx. Of course, to be unbiased, that's because its the only place to take your ride too in DT Phx. So, let's be real. 2nd'ly, I drive a Tahoe on big rim's. It's not the easiest thing to clean, and i refuse to do it myself (my own laziness gets a 1 star for car washing, I'm awesome but not THAT awesome). Also, it's black. So double dipper here. The service is fast and friendly, which i love. Danny's needs to take a group field trip here to learn customer service! LO's defiantly has the upper hand in the area. And for the price (i pay about $20 for the works wash every time) it cant be beat and i cant be too sour on it. It's really just minor things; sometimes they forget to wipe out the deep dish rim's thoroughly, or there are minor water spots, or little stains left on the wood grain. Nothing really major, but I just expect perfection every time (which I'm well aware that would only happen if i washed myself, and most likely it wouldn't happen because my ADD would kick in half way through and I would be driving a half dirty half clean whip around town). Also, they have a punch card as well which is very nice! Buy 10, get Numero 11 free. All in All, defiantly 1.5 thumbs up from me; hoping for a full 2 soon.
3	Stopped in here for a quick hand wash.  I had them wash my black car on the side rather than running it through the tunnel.  For $25 not a bad job.  A few swirl marks but overall pretty good.
4	Great place to get a good hand car wash.  Much better than a machine and worth every penny.
4	This place is a legit bubble bath for your ride, there isn't anything worse than pushy salesman at a car wash.  My little car needed a scrubbing and they did great!
3	I was downtown after my class at ASU and thought I would stop by on my way home to Scottsdale to get my car washed. My car was cleaned pretty well on the outside. Some water stains upon leaving, but whatever. I was mostly disappointed with the way they did the inside. I have two yellow labs that ride with me lots and lots, so there was a considerable amount of hair in the backseat. I told the attendant that I would pay extra if they would get the hair off the seats. I was told it wouldn't be a problem, yet when my car was ready, it looked like both of my dogs had exploded in the backseat. I had them redo it to my liking. I shouldn't have to ask twice when I'm paying extra to begin with. On a positive note, they do offer a $2 discount to ASU students.
4	The Lost Olives is my favorite car wash. It just happens to be a block from where I live, but as a former Danny's regular what I can say about this place is very important: CONSISTENCY - They always get the job done right, with minimal whining if and when I point out a few missed spots on the bumper, wheels, whatever. My only complaint is the punch cards, I cant keep track of them, wish they would just keep track of my license plate.Also important if you have an expensive car - there are NO brushes or automated things touching your paint. Just hands. Lots of hands.BOTTOM LINE: Many hands beat auto-wash any day
2	My husband took our Xterra to Los Olivos this morning and paid for The Works.  When he brought our car home, it appeared as if it was lightly rinsed.  The bumpers were heavily spotted, the back window was spotted and it basically looked like a minimal effort was made to hand over a clean car.  There were pine needles on the inside and outside in addition to some bits of debris on the inside.  My husband took the car back and they didn't offer any solutions other than to suggest he purchase a basic wash and they'll upgrade him.  The intake gal didn't even try to make this right and when she was finished spewing her non-solutions, she turned her back and walked away.  They turned out to be a huge disappointment and we will not return.
5	I started to give a "4" but thought about it - I've never had a bad experience at Los Olivos.  Maybe a small patch that they missed in the after-wash wipe down by hand, with water spots on the bumper some time back, but rare, and that's with the cheap wash.  I've not purchased their higher end car wash services and have always been quite satisfied with the cleanliness of my car inside and out though I usually go the cheapest route - and on my old car, a 77 Benz, they've never damaged my windshield wipers as has Clean Freak's mechanical beast. I've also never felt they were pushy when offering upgraded or additional services. Windshield repair: Quick. Indiscernible after repair. No out of pocket cost -billed my insuror.  Buffed out a bad scrape on friend's car I took in: Radical improvement in appearance: $10.  There is a big difference in the after wash wipe down by hand and it's definitely a positive difference.
5	First time today!  What was I thinking and why did I wait so long to head down here?  Seriously, $16.99 (with coupon) for a hand wash of SUV, glass cleaned, mats cleaned, vacuum and tire dressing!  It was busy, hot and the wait was long, but totally worth it!  I usually wash and detail my vehicles myself, but just couldn't get to it this weekend.  Anytime I can't wash my own vehicles, I'm bringing them to Los Olivos.  And, the employees are so nice...bonus!
3	Being a lazy bum who doesn't want to wash his own truck, and having sworn off Danny's and their army of overly aggressive windshield replacement sales goobs, I took the advice of some Tweeters and rolled into Los Olivos. The $15 wash was more than adequate but the real experience value came from what Los Olivos didn't do: They didn't try to upsell me and nobody messed with my seats. Seriously, don't touch the seats. I would recommend Los Olivos because my vehicle was clean, the people were nice, and they aren't associated with Danny's Carousel in any way. And that's enough.
1	Dopes!  I have been there a dozen times with my X5 and yesterday, after waiting 20 minutes, they say "your tires are too wide"  So I'm like you just did the car two weeks ago... no response just looked at me like a deer in headlights.  stupid is as stupid does i guess.
5	This is the only spot I trust to get my ride a bath, even though I drive a beater, the staff here treat it as if its an expensive European car. Attention to detail not only comes from the car wash staff but also from Gene who meticulously maintains the gloss and shine of all my Italian kicks.
1	I used to come here all the time only because they dont have those brushes that beat your car up..so I specifically asked them not to use the hand brush on the front of my car because they go so fast that the handle nicks the corners of my car.. So as I see my car going to the line up what do I see 2 guys using brushes on my car.. So we confronted the lady, and she proceeded to show us how soft the brush bristles are..not my point..but they were nice enough to comp us the wash..then the guy wiping down our car, was worthless.. From now on I'm washing my car at home.. what happened los olivos?
5	Friendly staff, and a great scratch free car wash at an awesome price!
5	My favorite car wash. A million times better than Danny's Fam Car Wash (which I hate, btw).  They don't try to sell me a new windshield that I don't need, they don't try to upsell on detailing or anything, I can inquire myself. They always do a great job, and I have a huge SUV that is a pain to clean. SUVs are a little more expensive to wash than cars (which I'm not disagreeing with, it makes sense -- just an FYI). You can also get a yearly pass that is a huge discount to the one-off washes. My entire family washes our cars here and will never go anywhere else.
4	I went here because of the Yelp reviews. i have a new car and this was my first car wash and wanted a hand wash so as not to scratch the car. I found the service pretty good. The only thing, when I went to pay, the woman seemed more interested in helping the person on the phone than answering my questions. I had questions about their window tint service. That is why the 1 less star. But overall, the first experience was pretty good, thanks!
5	I've had my car washed at Los Olivos for a few years now and I'm not sure why I've waited to write a great review about them.  They are one of the few HAND car washes in the valley.  I have other car washes much closer to where I live but I will drive out of my way to have my car washed here because I will pass on the flinging rocks stuck in car wash tracks and a sub-par wash from other locations. Listen, my car is not new but I plan on keeping it awhile so I need it to always look like new and avoid dings in my paint or windows.Bottom line is, you will receive quick wonderful customer service, a detailed wash at a great price...plus they have a punch card which I really appreciate.  Who doesn't want something free at a place you frequent? I also get my mats washed and had to get my head light covers cleared and they did it very well, quickly and again at a great price.  You should visit!
5	Consistently a perfect carwash.  But their complete detail? Best in Phoenix hands down.  You will not recognize your car when you get it back.  It is like having the same car the day you picked it up from the showroom.  Fantastic staff and business!
5	If you care about your car, you'll make the effort to head to Los Olivos Hand Car Wash. I'm pretty particular and careful about the care of my car. So much so, that in the past, unless I need it waxed or detailed, I usually washed and vacuumed myself. Now, I find myself still sneaking in for a little TLC at Los Olivos though, when I am too lazy to do it myself. The staff is super nice and very helpful with letting you know about what they offer and any specials without being pushy in any way. They even have a punch card and eventually you get a free wash. Pretty dandy eh? The waiting area isn't top notch, but it's a car wash people. It does have a small shop with sodas, snacks, gift cards, random misc car items and some chairs to sit and wait. Supposedly there's a shoe shiner, but I'm still waiting for the day we're there at the same time. Additionally, Giant Coffee is just a hop, skip and a jump away, and that's usually where I am while I wait.I've been a loyal customer for awhile now, and this past weekend, realized it was time to get the interior of the car detailed again. They did a spectacular job which prompted my need to review. I ordered the mini detail which does a full job inside and a wash and buff/wax outside. The four hours was so worth it. They even offered to give me a ride home if I really needed, but I had prepared. My trusty laptop and I did some coworking over at Giant all afternoon. And when I was called that she was ready to do, I was in no way expecting to see my car look as new as she did over 5 years ago. I'm still in awe. Ever since, I've been showing her off, and it feels like I'm in a brand new car all over again. The paint is shiny and new, the inside was cleaned from top to bottom (even the ceilings) and the detail in the dashboard and console is incredible. I had already decided to never go anywhere else, but now I think I'll be getting it detailed much more often.You will not be disappointed. I love this place.
5	This is the only place I go to take my car...  Fabulously thorough and hands on this  vintage style car wash has a lot of charm. The friendly staff and smartly sassy owner makes me feel like part of the family.
4	I've driven past this place thousands of times and finally stopped by to get full detailing jobs done on our cars.  They did an outstanding job on both vehicles, making them look years newer.  They even popped a dent out of the roof of our car that had been bugging me for weeks (angry soccer coach and a referee son).  It's a little out of my way for regular visits but I definitely will be back for a thorough clean.
3	I've been coming here for a little over a year and I can't say that I've ever been really all that impressed.  Yes, they "hand wash" your car but I feel like that's the only pro on the actual cleaning of my car.  I've never really been happy with the vacuuming, not sure that they really do anything other than the mats.  When I get in my car all the old fuzz and hair is still on the seats.  The last 2 times I've been there they've missed cleaning parts of my car and I have to say something.  The last time they cleaned 3 out of 4 of my tires, even a stranger commented to me about how he found it odd they missed it.  Also, asked for air freshener and when I got in my car it still smelled like ummm, well it didn't smell fresh and clean.  I just left there and again I had to ask them clean the inside door.  It was covered in dirt and dead grass, how do you miss that?!? When I called someone over to clean it he then noticed that the wind shield was still dirty.  I mean, really?? And again, no air freshener even though I asked for it.I gave 3 stars instead of 2 because I do appreciate the fact that this is not a chain.  I'd rather give my money to a family owned spot instead of some corporate junk.   The tall, blonde woman who greats you is always very nice and helpful.  I like that I'm not hounded about getting my windshield or cracks fixed a million times and sometimes they offer deals on LivingSocial which is great. Overall I feel like this is a good place to come and just have the surface of your car washed unless you want to pay big bucks to actually see a difference in the inside of your car.  Make sure you check your car before leaving to ensure they have actually cleaned everything.
1	Terrible car wash!!! Avoid at all cost!!! Put a dent in my car and won't take responsibility. Worst car wash ever.
5	These guys always do a thorough job. My rig looks good every time. Really great value in a car wash.  Been there with my old VW van, and with my late model Touraeg and they give equal attention to both.
2	After 6-7 washes this year they tell me my truck is too big to send through the wash. Its not like my truck has gotten any bigger over the last few months... I get the same BS everytime I go. "Your truck is too big" So,they measure the tires and it's all good, but always a hassle. I stopped going because they try to scam me for an EXTRA $25 dollars to wash my F150... Enough is enough.. I'll take it somewhere else..
2	I had really high hopes, and I was thrilled that it's so close to my house... However I soon started second guessing myself after pulling up. I was there before anyone else and watched the attendant avoid my car and instead go to the 2 old guys in expensive sport cars that showed up 2 or so minutes after me, and she even waited a little longer after that like she was hoping another car would pull up. When one didn't, she finally came to my car (and her attitude sucked on top of it). It's not like I own a nasty beat up car either, it's a newer Mitsubishi. After telling her I wanted a full interior detail and an exterior wash I went inside and sat around for a few hours. When it was finally done, I got what I expected, a nice, shiny, clean car.. with a soaking wet interior. Granted, I've never had an interior detail before, but I didn't expect everything to be sopping wet regardless of that. They actually put down a plastic cover over my seat for me, but since I had to stop at some place afterwards I accidently ripped it and then had to ride around with a wet bottom. I was told to keep the windows cracked an inch or 2, and did the whole weekend, however now my car kinda stinks and I'm going to be pissed if theres mold or mildew factoring into that. I'm not happy, and I'm not going back either. I'm giving them 2 stars because they did what I asked them to do: they cleaned my car.P.S. I work at an insurance company. I spoke to an appraiser and found out that places should really be doing a dry shampoo to avoid screwing up the foam bits they have under your carpets and inside your seat.
2	Not impressed! I really wanted to like this place because it was voted a New Times best for a couple of years but I was very disappointed. I brought my new car in for its first wash after taking it to Cali for the weekend and having the front covered in bug goo from the drive. So I got my car back and noticed on the front bumper there were still bug guts left there. Also, I left an empty plastic water bottle from the trip on the floor in my haste to get out so the guys could work their magic.  Well they left it in there along with some paper straw wrappers in the door pockets, which i feel they should grab when they are vacuuming. Sorry Los Olivos I wanted to make you my regular car wash but you just didn't cut it.
5	My wife and her family are long term users of Los Olivos and I recently had my first experience with them.  Probably the best car wash I've been to.  Friendly service and they definitely care about doing a good job; we didn't pay for detailing but they ran my car back through the vacuum more then once to get rid of the tons of dog hair.  The owner is obviously hands on and was there overseeing things when we were there.  A locally owned independent biz I'm glad to be able to recommend.
4	Been here a number of times before and have never been overly pleased with how the inside of my car was cleaned and frankly it appeared that they had almost passed over cleaning the inside all together. Yet, I went back again today and my car looks fabulous inside and out! Hope they can keep up the good work and consistently clean my car each time.
2	Went to Los Olivos for the first time today to get my car washed. I usually just do it myself at the self service places, but I had gone on a few road trips with my dog and she left a lot of hair in the back seat, so I figured I'd let the professionals tackle it.The Cons:-unfriendly staff, the guy who I talked to when I pulled my car in was not friendly, nor was the cashier inside-I paid for the complete works, but the vacuuming job was REALLY shoddy. My backseat floor is still covered in dog hair (see my photos). I am going to have to vacuum it again myself later. I know it's not impossible to vacuum up the dog hair, because I've done it myself in the past.-they neglected to vacuum under the seats or between the seats and console. there was still dog hair and dust between the drivers seat and console (see photo)-I guess the interior wipedown does not include wiping down the backs of the seats?-the vacuuming does not include vacuuming the trunk - which I needed because since I have an SUV sometimes my dog sits in the trunk if she is really dirtyThe pros:-the employee outside who called out which cars are ready was friendly-the employees did a really good job of wiping down the front seat interior (the dashboard, sideboards, etc.)-the air freshener smell was not overwhelmingI wouldn't come back. I think I will try the self service place on 7th Ave and Van Buren St -- you drive through a car wash but you can vacuum the inside yourself. I would do a better job than the vacuumers at Los Olivos
5	Excellent customer service and high quality of work here are worth a little extra driving for me to get my car washed. Most importantly for me, it's one of those places where I don't feel like I have to strip my car of all possible valuable items or papers with personal info when I get out and hand the keys over.
5	Just tried this place out for the first time and boy was I impressed!I was on my way to the airport, running late of course... So I had the minimum amount of time to create the maximum amount of impact.  The mission: to clean my "hiking out in the desert with three dogs kind of dirty" Subaru so that my parents from out-of-town could enjoy driving around for the next week.Los Olivios got five guys working on it for me and totally rocked it out!!  I am crazy impressed and will definitely be back... Highly recommend!TIP: check in on yelp for two dollars off a hand wash
1	My very first review - my dark blue car ruined on the exterior.  Couldn't see it until I returned home and the sunlight revealed exterior body scratches.  Evidently they didn't take care to use clean rags/towels.  Looks like a Brillo pad was used.  Going back tomorrow to see if we can get this rectified.Well, I'll keep my review the same.  Took my car in this morning to see what could be done.  A "charming" older woman (JOVEL) came out to tell me this was definitely not caused by them an it was without a doubt caused by a buffer.  I explained to her that a buffer had not touched my car since it was last detailed by European Detail over six months ago.  To my face she told me I was not providing the truth and if I took it to a BMW dealership they would also confirm I was "lying".Guess what!!  BMW confirmed that the damage was likely caused by rags because of the linear motion that was apparent.  Rick was the gentleman from Los Olivos who accompanied me.  When he also learned that perhaps I wasn't lying as JOVEL had certainly alleged he offered a re-wash and a had wax to correct the problem.  Thank you Rick for obeing a professional.  Even upon return to the Wash JOVEL was still had her heals dug in refusing to acknowledge any error on their part. Although the business has taken a turn to rectify it was like pulling teeth or pleading a case before the the Supreme Court.  Not acceptable.  Again kudos to Rick as a gentleman and professional.  If this was his site alone I could raise my review substantially.
1	This place is way overrated!!! They let ur car sit for 5-10 minutes before they even start to dry it.  By this time the water spots are already dry and they miss spots in the front or sides all the time.  Their armor all has gone down as well.  They used to have the best tire gloss that would last for 10 days, now they use a cheaper brand that's dull.  This place has really gone down over the years.  Again, way overrated.  30 second vacuum pfffff
1	I'm only giving one star because I have too. I have been coming to this car wash for years and I've always thought highly of this place and the owner. I referred my good friend to this place for a mini detail, and payed for it myself to show him how good this place is. When he picked up his car they jammed his key in the ignition and could not get it out. They took no responsibility for it and the owner told us it's not her problem. Then when we took it to honda to get fixed, they informed us they got a sensor wet underneath the shifting council and now that needs to be replaced as well. I am definitely taking them to court.
5	While it was 49.99 for the wax and buff i highly recommend it.  the wax guy was careful and thoughtful.  It looked great.
3	They did an alright job, there was still dirt on the hood. The wheels and interior were fine, they did a decent vacuum job and my car definitely looks better than it did when I went it. The staff were friendly for the most part, the guys who rub down the cars were cat calling me though...unprofessional. And I'm disappointed in the cinnamon car freshener...it's so overwhelming that I need to open the windows as I drive.I'm going to keep looking for a good car wash place, but if I'm in a pinch, this place is okay.
3	They also messed with my side mirror and gave me a huge blind spot which I didn't notice until driving!
5	1st time trying this place, decided to come here since I work nearby.Drove right in with no wait, cashier was friendly.  Waited about 45 mins for my SUV but let me tell you, my SUV looked brand new again.  They took their time and cleaned/ wiped every area of inside surface. Windows and mats where given a good clean.I'm really impressed and will def. be using this place for all my car washes. Thank you Los Olivos for a job well done!
1	The rubber floor mats in my FJ are hooked into a c-hook to maintain placement. The brainiac who cleaned my car ripped the mounts out of the floor to remove and clean them. It's pretty obvious how to remove them without DESTROYING the mounts so needless to say I'm not pleased with this service
5	This is an excellent HAND car wash. They have an excellent staff with superb customer service. Their staff always gives you prompt and courteous attention, and their prices are very reasonable. They pay excellent attention to detail, vacuuming under mats and cleaning the insides of cup holders and a/c vent slats. I absolutely love this car wash!
5	Brought my car in last weekend for the supreme wash option. I have been going here for years...never a disappointment. My car looks like new and smells great every time. The employees are always courteous and pleasant. Try them and you will be hooked!
1	The last time I went there, when I got back in my car it REEKED of body odor from whoever had been working on the interior.  It was so bad I had to roll my windows down while driving, and when I picked up my kids about an hour later, they even noticed the smell.  Also, I had an MP3 player in my middle console, a compartment they had absolutely no reason to open or go into, and it disappeared that day.  I will NEVER go to this place again.
5	They pay high attention to detail which comes across in the quality of their work. If you want a job well done do not rush them.
4	If I was giving a rating compared to other car washes I would give it 5 stars but let's face it none are perfect and the experience of waiting around is never that fun.  Overall they have great prices and they make my car shine.
4	Been going here for a year now no complaints .they do a great job.I will continue to do business with them .
1	The coupon here that says "2 dollars off regular hand car wash", does not apply to a regular car wash. It only applies to their more expensive car wash AND detail+ cleaning wash. That doesn't make too much sense to me...
5	My favorite car wash! Super friendly service, reasonable prices and I always leave with my car sparkling clean.
5	I've been coming to this place since I moved to the valley. They've always done a great job cleaning my car. I love the complete works wash. Affordable and thorough!Today was extra special because they're celebrating their 25 year anniversary and giving out free car washes to every 25th patron. Guess who scored? Felt like a total douchesquid though for being on the phone when I rolled up in the line. Whoops! Thanks for the wash though! My little car thanks you too!
5	Great car wash place! Got me in quickly on a busy, Friday afternoon. Good prices and you can get a $2 coupon on yelp. Drive through car wash, vacuum and the works if you want it!
5	I always come here, the owner is very friendly and works really hard to keep a satisfied customer. Great deals and great washes. I can't wash the car this good myself! Highly recommend
5	Only place I trust for hand wash! Reasonably priced for a prestigious wash! They also honor all coupons from Yelp for full service. I've always left here satisfied with the service my on vehicle and customer service received by staff. They go soon and beyond on customer service, as I sit here writing this review a service member walked through the door with an elderly customer on his arm helping her in and let me add carrying her purse in his other hand.Los Olivos also has a shoe shining service available for all those that are stopping by during lunch from work.
3	Good service but damm shit mother fuckers do they take a long ass time to dry your car.  Bring your lunch and be prepared to wait.
3	Pro's 1. Hand wash is a lot gentler on your vehicle then the machine wash. 2. It was probably the nicest my car has looked for a $17 car wash. Con's 1. It took for ever... Like for ever! 45 minutes at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Tuesday. 2. Super small and awkward waiting area so if it's hot you might be stuck in there for a while. Overall, what I go back? Probably but I would plan ahead. I would either bring work with me or I would have a coworker drop me off and then go back for my vehicle later!
3	I didn't really find anything spectacular about this car wash. First of all the location is not that great. The prices are kind of high for the services that they offer. And they make youwait a long time even though there are not that many people there. I found the waiting room to be okay, pretty clean and well maintained. The salespeople were okay, not super friendly, but not mean either. I guess that it is an okay car wash. But if you don't get your car washed with a special or coupon, I think its too pricy.
5	This place is legit. They practically spit shined my car for under 20 bucks. Get the basic wash and you won't be disappointed. They clean it inside and out. also if you check in on yelp, you get 2 bucks off. You're welcome.
5	I started going to Los Olivos for car washes years ago bc they're a sponsor of the Mercury (the WNBA team), and I have been very impressed with their quality of service. Coletta is such a friendly face to see, and the fact she always recognizes me means a lot.
1	Do not go here. First off, I asked them for a exterior detail. They charged me 150 dollars for an "oversize  SUV" when in fact I had a little Land Rover, and I asked them not to do the hood as it had been recently painted. They did the hood anyway, and made me wait 4 hours for a job they said they could do in 90-120 minutes.
1	I'm not sure why I even tried giving this business another shot. What a waste of time. They advertise for window tinting, so my husband and I decided to go in for a quote and possibly schedule a time to do it. We asked for a price quote from the counter and with the price and the brand of tint they use, we were happy and decided to schedule a time immediately. At that point, the lady at the counter said she needed to call the guy that did the tinting. [sketch moment #1]She called and he was apparently able to come in immediately, which at that point was fine, we just needed to run our last errand before we got stuck there for several hours. As we were leaving, we were informed that we had to pay in cash, and couldn't use a card because this individual doesn't actually work for the car wash......we explained that we didn't have cash on us, and the lady at the counter kept insisting that we could just go get some cash. [sketch moment #2]After we left, we had gotten such a bad vibe from that, we decided to not go along with the appointment and immediately called to cancel. During that phone call I explained that we were no longer to to get the window tint (this was within 5 minutes of us leaving there) and THEN, she tells me that they CAN take a card for payment! What the hell kind of business are you running? They also claim to have a warranty on the tint, but if the jobs are being completed by someone who doesn't even work for the car wash, who is in charge of covering any type of warranty? NEVER AGAIN. This isn't breaking bad, stop trying to do shady work.
5	Excellent customer service and very friendly staffI started going to Los Olivos after I started working in downtown Phoenix. While I definitely agree that Los Olivos  takes longer than other car washes I've visited, however, Los Olivos is definitely worth the wait.  Los Olivos is committed to giving the customer what they want, a great car wash at a reasonable price. Los Olivos is committed to making each customer happy and satified. Give Los Olivos a try you won't be disappointed.
4	I've lived near this place for over a year and never thought to check them out.  What a fool I was!It's set up like your typical carwash but they don't have machines that wash the cars, they have people!  Its a family owned company that I learned has been in that location for 25 years.  I love supporting local business and it was cool meeting one of the family members who own and run the car wash.They seem to have their system down pretty well, it was busy and I didn't have to wait too long.  I will be going back for sure.
5	This is a great car wash.  I take my car there at least once a month, and I get it detailed there every twelve months.  Great customer service, and the attention to detail or to work on something specific has been great.Totally recommend.D
2	I normally go to Danny't but I happen to need a car wash last minute and this was the only option. I have been here before in the past and have had a good experience. They seem to have a good system down, which is great. The guys that take your car don't pressure you to buy additional services, which is great, compared to other car washes.The one thing that is ANNOYING is the fact that they DO NOT have a rain check policy like most car washes do. I washed my car on Friday 7/25 in the early afternoon when it was nice and Sunny. That night, we had a storm and the same on Saturday. So, when I called asking for a rain check, Rachel said "we don't offer one"....??!?!? So, you are telling me that I pretty much gave away $20 on a wash (plus tip)?? This is ridiculous! As a paying customer, who supports local business, they should reconsider this policy!I would recommended this car wash if you happen to be in the area, but don't bother going out of your way.
4	I like this place, they even take my carseat out to vacuum under it
5	I've just relocated to Phoenix and someone recommended this and one other place for a car wash. After going to Yelp, I realized Los Olivos also offers a $2 discount for a regular hand car wash. So figured it was worth a try. After stating it was my first time, the employee was very patient and told me the different options (b/c another vehicle was blocking the board). Definitely didn't feel like I was being "gamed" at all and chose the option best for me. After entering the waiting area, I thought we would be there for a long time, but our car was done in a VERY responsible time. It was also no problem getting the $2 discount once I showed it to the cashier. For sure I'll be back!
4	Their prices are on par with most other places-while I agree that their service takes a bit longer, they do really do a good a job. I'm not one of those people who circle their car and point out where they missed a spot but I do notice the quick rush job that is common at many car washes...not the case here. The wash here takes longer because they are thorough. They're a great local business who offer good service and I recommend them highly.
5	Los Olivos Hand Car Wash doesn't have to worry about the competition because they are the competition!  After this past week of record breaking rain storms the paint on the  "Deck" area (hood , roof, and trunk) of my car looked "Dead" inundated with horrible, sun baked, hard water stains that "You-Tube-DIY-Video" home remedies failed to remove. I was depressed because my car's paint job looked "Hopeless" and everyone at my job was saying NOBODY can fix that rain damage so you'll just have to get it repainted.   My miracle came when God led me to take my car to "Los Olivos Hand Car Wash " team of professional auto detailers where my expert technician  "Mr. Librado" did a miraculous job of bringing my car's paint back from the "Dead".  If you truly love your "Ride" I highly recommend the "Los Olivos Hand Car Wash " team of professional auto detailers who will make you smile when you see the priceless, impeccable, quality of their work.
5	Honest employees here! Having just gotten back from a road trip my husband and I got our wires crossed and ended up leaving $360 sitting in the side pocket of the car.  When we returned to pick up the car they let me know about finding the money and had it locked away for me.  Try finding that type of honesty in this day and age.  Needless to say we left a great tip and will be back again, bypassing several other car washes.  Bonus, the car looked great.  Support your local businesses and place a value on integrity!  BTW, there is another review where someone lost $3.  I seriously doubt it.  Why would they take $3 and leave $360?
1	Worst service EVER. They broke my car seat on my Mercedes CLK 500 & did not own up to it. This business must have changed hands to another owner because it's not at the same level of service that I had in the past. Real reviews, really.
1	Slow. ... slow. .... so slow.  Even when no one else is here. 40 min and counting, I won't be returning I value my time.
5	after weeks in sonora and southern arizona during monsoon season, the dust on the outside of my car was so thick, you couldn't even tell the exterior was black. the inside was worse -- kids had often ridden with me and there were stains on the seats and the doors. i'd been in a similar situation a few months before and had brought my car to another carwash in phoenix that is manipulative about air filters and really not that thorough in any interior detailing. los olivos is on the other extreme, in terms of service and results. they gave my little yaris the best cleaning its ever had! shiny black on the outside and sparkling clean and stainless on the inside. worth every bit of the $85.
1	I have been taking my wifes car here for 7 years. (She has a nice one I drive a work truck) these guys do a decent job. However, I recently purchased a new truck  worthy of keeping clean and washing weekly. And immediately had these guys wash it. Again a decent job. Now after detailing luxury vehicles myself for a few years I know armeral will fling up if driven immediately after wash, so I sat in the lot for 15 min while it dried.  Not a day later and it was all over the side of the truck. So I came in to have them wash the outside of the truck and explain the situation the older lady writing the tickets told me that she would take care of it and upon the truck being finished they told me that I had to pay. I explained there must be a confusion as I was told it was being taken care of. They then say they do not give free car washes. After explaining that I would get two cars washed here one time a week each. that is a hundred and four car washes per year, totaling to over $2000 a year to the wash and $500 and up in tips. They still declined to fix there bad wash. Go to any other car wash. They will do the same job for less and much faster as well. I will never go here nor would I refer anyone to go here.
5	Been going there forever and always see the same employees...must be a nice place to work!  Anyway, they always do a perfect job.  Maybe they take a while longer, but I don't want them to hurry on MY car.
4	Been coming here since I got new wheels and they do a great job keeping my car looking new!
5	Awesome wash, amazing service, locally owned and operated. Generations of my family have been coming to this wash. Definitely the best in town. Reasonably priced, attention to detail. Absolutely no complaints!
4	Great car wash with good prices! Plus you can get a shoe shine while you wait!
5	Very nice work detailing my Jeep Cherokee. It's never looked cleaner inside and out!I'll be bringing in my dress shoes to be shined tomorrow! Norma did a really great job on a customer's shoes while I was waiting!
5	Great detail work.  I took in my vehicle that had scratches along the side of it from off roading.  They were able to get 90% of it out.  The vehicle looked like a new suv when I picked it up.  No complaints.  I would definitely take it back.
