5	wow... I had the 18 oz classic steak.... perfectly cooked and the meat was so tender.. I found it it extremely cheap for the quality of food and services you get. Even though it was very busy, the service was very fast.. thumbs UP
2	Dinner for our party of 12 could have been called "Comedy of Errors", except that it wasn't funny. Only 2 people in our group left "satisfied", and that judgement was rather generous. One steak was cooked well and a tuna salad did what it was supposed to do. The rest of us were shocked at the poor quality, inconceivable choice of cut of meat served, and inconsistency between exact same dishes. A "sushi grade" Ahi tuna steak piece ordered "blue" was so hard to cut that we sent it back. It came back over 10 minutes later. A "king cut" roast prime rib was 35% fat, the rest was tough to cut. Rib steaks were tough and tasteless. Thank you to our server, Chris for his always courteous service and quick responses and to dining room manager Nicole for calling it like it was. Credit them (and the desserts offered on the house) for the second star. Otherwise this was an easy 1-star review. As much as I was excited that they are back open, I will have a very hard time going back to the Biftheque.
5	My group and I were very happy with the attentive service provided by Chantel. Our water glasses were never empty, the bread was always warm----- and the entrees were ample. Each of us took half our food back, the baked potato will be a meal alone. Kansas Strip was prepared as asked and very tasty/flavorful. The other chaps ordered the ribs and chicken: Both huge portions and delightful. We will go back in the near future to see if there is consistency. Bon appetite.
5	The second time was as charming, even though I dined alone at the bar. Attentive and quick, even with a huge private party. Prime rib was tender and cooked as ordered.  This place will make me dedicate hours at the gym.According to staff, reservations or patience are needed for weekend dining.
2	As you walk in your impressed by the lobby and well arranged store front. Sadly after waiting three times the length the host said it would take we were escorted to sub par dining room.Service was lacking, waiter was brief and short on manors.We ordered a number of different courses and found them to be middle of the road in flavor and taste.The salads were tasty as a perk.Portions were large and drinks were good as a plus..on the way out you get yummy mints.
4	a bit out of town but this is merely the best steakhouse in Montreal. Meat cuts also available for take away
3	Okay, let's be realistic here, you don't go for the gourmet food to Le Biftheque, you come for the quantity of food and that's what they deliver... quantity! Sometimes it makes you wonder if this is an attempt to kill you with food. It very well might be. One of the few times that I can say that the food was definitely undersalted. The onion blossom could have used a bit of salt and so could the shrimps. The mille feuilles was a touch overly sweet, but delicious. The steak fries... delicious. The piece of blue cheese in the salad was big enough to see!Our waitress's English was passable, service was quick and efficient. Water was always filled and service came with a smile. The decor around here is simply.. paint it black so no one notices we have walls and a ceiling. Paper tablecloths remind you that this is a trough instead of a fine dining establishment. And it does do what they promise, deliver a lot of food for a good price.Which of course leaves us with questions like... where do you get a potato that is a quarter the size of Prince Edward Island? Do you have a handtruck to roll me out to the car with? And is there enough garlic in the garlic croutons?
4	Le Biftheque is a landmark restaurant in the area, and still seems to be popular even though it's attracting an older crowd for dinner these days. Their take on steak is more traditional than some newer places, but the good news is that it's a winning formula for great classic flavors. My prime rib was aged and cooked to perfection, delicious! Couple that with a large salad, and huge loaded baked potato, and you have a really good meal for not alot of pesosThe entry is newer, but the dining room is dark and gloomy. At least our friendly server was able to lighten it up for us. Go for the steak, not the ambiance, and you won't be disappointed
1	We were there with a party of about 15. The room was nicely done, and the service was impeccable and friendly.We had rib steaks, which in spite of the lavish garlic and spices was virtually tasteless and had an odd texture. It was cooked as requested but was very disappointing. The salmon ordered by our friends was  good. So in this steakhouse, the rib steak is not the best dish. Amazing.In addition the dessert was below standard.We will not be returning to the Biftheque.
3	Meat was okay, shrimps were amazing.  Food was very greasy. Big portions.
3	There was a special here that allowed you to get a rack of ribs with salad and side for $10 or a prime rib with the same options starting at $13.  The price for the prime rib varied depending on the size.  Taking advantage of this I decided to give it a go.I started with a caesar salad and an onion flower which is basically like onion rings except the onion is arranged in a flower like formation.  The salad was pretty good although the croutons were a little greasy and the onion flower needed some more salt.   I opted for the ribs and the portion was huge!  They also came with a sizeable amount of garlic mashed potatoes.  The ribs had a smoky taste to them and were pretty tender.  They weren't super warm though when they were served which was a bit of a letdown.  The mashed potatoes were pretty good.  Service was fine.  The place was packed but everything came within a reasonable amount of time.  Overall the restaurant is ok but not great.  If you're in the area it's worth going but I sure wouldn't make a detour to come here.
3	I thought I'd try a nice steakhouse and one of my co-workers suggested this place.  When I got to the location, I was not sure if I needed a reservation or not, it seems a little intimidating when you go in.  Dark woods, carpet, a bit of a throwback but the staff was really pleasant. I ordered a Rib Steak with a Ceasar, the salad was so delicious, the sauce reminded me of garlic and anchovies  but in a really nice, bold way.  I had to tell the waitress which she seemed worried at first when she came over but then total relief came to her face when I said I loved it.  lol.I ordered the steak medium and when I received it, it was rare to almost raw, I was very disappointed with the cooking.   I am not a salt lover but there was almost no seasoning on my steak, I had to add more... and more to get any flavor.  That is too bad.Well, I know if the steak was seasoned right and the cook time was correct, this would be a 4 star spot, but for now, it is only a 3.  Maybe next time.$24, not bad, probably the same amount if I made it at home if I had to buy all the ingredients. Again, service was nice and friendly, a bit more upscale but the patrons are definitely from all ranges in life.
1	I came to the Bifteque with my group of 7 coworkers with low expectations - I left with even less of a favourable opinion. The waiter took all our orders correctly but that's the last positive comment I have to say.He forgot my salad and when it finally arrived the "italian vinaigrette" was horrible.We looked forward to when our meat arrived but oh boy we're we going to regret it. Three of the seven orders were incorrect and all of the steaks were severely undercooked.We're debating right now whether or not to stay for dessert. Probably not.
1	We chose this restaurant because of the proximity of our hotel. The food was ok, but the overall experience was a disaster. The table was setup,but dirty. And worst of all the staff were amazingly arrogant. We have an 11 year old picky eater, she wanted to see the kids menu; the manager asked her age and refused to give her a kids menu since it's for 10 years old only. Wow really accommodating. We will never go back
4	I remember feeling a little sad when the downtown branch closed and then seeing that the main restaurant near the airport had shut down due to bankruptcy... But they're back (not downtown though...) and their steaks are as good as ever!I recently popped over with my family and 'enjoyed' the onion blossom (waaaaayyyy too much oil for my liking) followed by a filet mignon with mashed potatoes which were to die for! Everyone on our table had a different cut of meat and we had nothing but good things to say about our steaks (prime roast, filet mignon, t-bone, rib steak..). Price is super decent for a steak house. The only negative is it's out-of-the-way location and maybe decor..oh, and not to mention their terrible mille feuille which is pretty much cream and custard in one feuille.... Haha really really badly done...Otherwise great steak!
4	Been there a few times in the last couple of months and I love it. The food is always amazing and 3 out of the 4 times I have been there the service was unbelievable. They have crazy cheap deals and they post them on Facebook. The only bad experience I had was a few weeks ago for all you can eat ribs night. We waited over 30 min for our table even tho we had a reservation and after we placed our orders and ate our salads the waiter came back to tell us that they had ran out of pork ribs. I had to take the beef ribs and they are so huge and fatty that I couldn't enjoy it. I was very disappointed and also the waiter was so not the greatest at all. They have the best milles feuilles so make sure to keep some room for dessert. To make sure you have a great experience and you go there and its all you can eat ribs go before 7pm if not the steak is to die for and so are the prices.
