5	This is perfect for a stroll on a sunny afternoon or an alternative (slightly longer but much prettier) cycle or walk into town.  You can venture along it for as long as you like with paths diverting off along the way to the Shore, Leith Walk, Stockbridge, the city centre all the way down to Balerno. The Water of Leith is a haven in the city. There's nothing more relaxing than a stroll down the walkway or a jog up to the Shore. The Water of Leith walk scores massive points for being so accessible, so good for bike paths and so darn lovely.
5	I love the Water of Leith Walkway!I love having a fabulous mixed walk (13 miles from end to end I believe) that goes through the heart of Edinburgh. There is even a visitor center where you can get a map for the inevitable instance when you pop out onto the street and have no idea where to go next because the sign posting is poor. I would love to try walking the whole thing without falling off course because there are so many walks that link up to the WoLW, it's easy to end up on the wrong one.Despite the lows, the walkway truly is fabulous and highly recommended!
5	Hands down one of my favorite bike paths in this city. Was taking my wee one to Stockbridge farmers market and took this path from murrayfield area. Absolutely lovely. She had a great time  seeing the water and listening to the birds and other animals along the way. Truly a breath of fresh air right in the center of town!  Looking forward to strolling along this path to discover all it's nooks & crannies. Lovely day out when the weather permits ;)
5	This seems like a fitting choice for my first review of 2015, being that Sunday afternoon explorations during my first three months in the city have largely been via this pretty little walk way. If you're searching for reasons to love the city (and really, you shouldn't be), the fact that there is such an accessible path, for hiking and biking and strolling with coffee, alongside the water, that runs smack through the middle of the city and deposits you in different neighbourhoods along the way, should be the cincher.Perhaps the best thing about Edinburgh is the huge amount of green space in the city, but to have that space also be a useful mode of traversing the city? Bonus points Edina.I live in Stockbridge, so I pop onto the Water of Leith any time I have a few extra minutes to get to my destinations. It's a pretty walk, even in the rain, and always full of folks making me feel guilty that I've given up running and cute dogs to distract me from that first thought.I highly suggest the next lovely Sunday afternoon that rolls around, you poke along here for a little adventure. Served best with a coffee/hot chocolate in hand, cheerful tunes in your headphones and a little cash in your pocket to buy a pastry or something delicious wherever you eventually end up!
