4	One of the 3 best Chinese restaurant in Phoenix1. Phoenix Palace  2. Great Wall 3. Golden BuddhaTry the crabs, live fish, lobsters and Geoducks.Geoducks are ususally offered during winter time.
1	Geographical proximity has always been a bane for my proclivity for good authentic exotic food. Needless to say that has never stopped me from trying all the close establishments. Chinese food being one of my favored cuisines led me to be easily convinced to accompany me colleagues to this joint. The first impression was quite decent. Also the fact that it was once a Vietnamese establishment that catered to wedding parties gave it a pseudo garish pomp. Ordered the egg[plant steamed fish, green beans... while friends ordered the kung pao, lemon chicken (oh lawrdy!! bleah...). Not bad not bad , I mused to my self and put it down as another place to revisit.However every subsequent  revisits here has been a horrible experience in terms of food. At one point I managed to peek at "non-chinese" cooks making our dishes. Sigh! one of those precipitously  "going bad" joints, ratified by their 6 health code violations. Ah well on to Swadee...
3	Just between us, I thought the entry way smelled a tad like sewage.  Not a lot, just a little.  But I'm no expert.  Could have just been the hostess having a heavy day.But hey, where else are you going to get an 8-course meal for $6.97?(1) Hot Tea(2) Ice Water with lemon(3) Egg Drop Soup (with those chicken noodle soup noodles in it)(4) Egg Roll(5) A Lunch Special Entree (Mine was the Sweet & Pungent Chicken)(6) Steamed white sticky rice(7) Fortune Cookie (which was really more of a quote, than a fortune)(8) Sliced OrangesOK, so I'm getting pretty liberal with my usage of the term 'course', but that's a whole lot of pabulum for what was charged!  (go ahead, look the word up.  I used it correctly)And for extra ambiance, there were a gaggle of ducks lounging outside of our picture window.  Wonder exactly how 'fresh' their Peking Duck is?
4	I'm giving 4 stars instead of 3 for the following reasons: 1.  It is open on holidays - I know, some might say that Chinese places are supposed to be/usually open 365 days.  But this place was the 4th place we called and we were getting desperate and hungry.2.  Orange chicken - I usually do not like orange chicken but I really liked the flavor here.3.  The service was really nice - the waitress was really nice, cute and patient. *Ambiance = I did takeout BUT I saw the interior of the place and it was actually nice.*Price = descent*Food = good for AZ Chinese food but not fully satisfied.So would I go back? YESWould I search and try other places before going back here? YES
3	1949 W Ray Rd Chandler, AZ 85224 is CLOSED.  2075 N Dobson Road Chandler, AZ 85224 is still OPEN.
2	I ordered delivery, and it took over 2.5 hours to get to me because the woman could not find my apartment. After 1.5 hours, I was calling on the half hour to see what had happened. They told me the deliverywoman was "on her way," that she was "at my apartment complex" and then finally, at 2.5 hours, they told me she could not find my apartment number. If they would have let me know that much earlier, I could have given better directions; none of my other delivery folks seemed to have that kind of trouble and my complex isn't *that* big. I asked them why they didn't have her call me and have me help her find me, but they couldn't explain. Finally, as I was putting on my shoes and coat to get some food elsewhere, she showed up at the door. They didn't charge me for the food, which was good, because it was cold anyway!Once I reheated the food, it was really great. We ordered the Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Kung Pao Shrimp. I will try them again sometime, but not delivery.
1	I gave them one star because I couldn't give them zero. 2 hours for delivery and the person on the phone just kept saying they were my neighborhood. Finally called and told the, to cancel it but I half expect them to still charge me.
5	I LOVED this place! Really authentic Chinese Food! Every one is giving bad reviews to this place because of the delivery service but no one is giving a fair review of this place's food!! It's hard to find good Chinese food in Arizona where Asians are 1% of the population. It takes me an hour to drive here, but I am SOO coming back for the food! If you are a fan of good Chinese food, you should try this place too and NOT judge this place based on bad delivery reviews.
