5	I really liked several different things about this company.  The first thing that impressed me was that they were able to make it out on a days notice....... on a WEEKEND (with no extra charge).... The other thing was the price. House cleaning service is not cheap in general, but I feel that their prices are fair.  I had Jessica and Craig show up exactly on time, one Sunday evening.  I walked them through my house and wasn't really sure what to expect since I have never had anyone clean my house for me before.  Jessica made me feel very comfortable and let me know what to expect. I had budgeted for only 2hours and to be very honest there was probably a good 4hours of cleaning I should have gotten done! .... but with that being said, it was nice that I was able to say "this this and this" is a priority... this would be nice though- type thing.  The company's webpage tells you everything they can do, but to me, my money was best spent by having them do the things I hated doing and that needed it the most!  So I liked that they took my priorities and just did their thing with them. Bottom line: I feel like I got what I paid for, and then some.  Would have rated 5 stars but I've seen house cleaning services with cheaper rates.... But then again, I do not want to risk not being satisfied with their sub par service; so ill be sticking with Addicted to Clean!
5	We were highly impressed with Addicted to Clean.  They came out on a Saturday with no hesitation.  Jessica and Craig did a great job cleaning our house.  My husband stayed at home while they were here, and I went shopping.  When I returned, I was in awe of how much they got cleaned and how thoroughly they cleaned.  I am definitely having them back.  It is worth every penny!
5	I recently bought a house after nine LONG months of the short sale process.  Although the house was gorgeous, the previous owners left the house in a total mess (pieces of long hair floating in the refrigerator, green carpet that looked gray because of animal fur, etc.).  I honestly really wanted to clean the house, but I just couldn't muster up the courage to dive right in.  I started looking around and called some bigger cleaning companies, but their quotes were ridiculous.  Also, on top of the crazy prices, none of them wanted to do what I wanted them to do - clean the ENTIRE house.  Many places stated they didn't wash windows, wipe the insides of cupboards, this, that, and the other which was a bit annoying.  You want me to pay you $400 to clean my house for four hours, and you are not going to do what I ask you to do? So, I started searching on Yelp, and quite frankly, I liked the name "Addicted To Clean."  My mother is OCD (not kidding on this part), and she is literally addicted to cleaning.  Therefore, I figured I couldn't possibly go wrong with these people.  Jessica and Craig came right on time, and they walked through the house with me and listened to my request.  They started working right away, and when they were finished after 6 HOURS of cleaning, the house looked AMAZING.  They even took the time to clean up my yard waste, change my air filter, wiped down all of the windows and sliding doors, and vacuumed until my green carpet turned green again.  I could sit here and write down a whole list of what they did for me, but it is so long that I will leave it to your imagination.  (Besides that, Yelp has a tendency to filter out reviews that sound too nice. I know you, Yelp.)  On top of my bragging about Jessica and Craig's abilities, I paid a fraction of what everyone else was quoting.   I would go with them instead of other larger cleaning companies around Phoenix.  I hope great things happen to them because their business deserves to grow.
5	These guys were awesome.  We were moving out and needed the two bathrooms and kitchen well cleaned.  Jessica and her husband came in for 3 how and not only cleaned them, but all the tile areas in the house and vacuumed everything.  Well worth it. Inexpensive and a job well done. Im Deffinately having them over to the new place to give it a clean now and then! :)
2	it's a team of 3.  it's $30/person/hour.Tip: be upfront and specify what you want done, and not done, for each room, what you want touched and not touched, and the timeframe (ie 2 hours or 3 hours)It was a 10am appointment during the work week.Pros:-I sent online request and then called.  Jessica responded right away and scheduled me in.  -Friendly except when you complain or ask about why the service took longer than expected.-Bathrooms were cleaned well.-Stairs were vacuumed well.Cons:they were late 10 minutes but charged me $10 more for going 10minutes past the hour. Lesson: make sure you agree upon the start time and end time.For a move-out clean, where according to Jessica, baseboards, fans and blinds are cleaned, Baseboards were not cleaned well and blinds were definitely not dusted.  The guy was threatening, if you do not agree with the results.  (to the guy, if you're reading this, my neighbour's a cop, I've already asked him to watch out for you and yours)additional comments:We've moved out.  House is completely empty. nothing to lift, rearrange.  Initially, i had scheduled for a 2 hour clean but when they got there, I didn't clarify, my mistake.I said I'm getting house ready for sale and if they can clean bathrooms, baseboard, fans and blinds, and mop.  They said the house conditions were bad (a/c was not on).  I met them at the house at appointment time and stayed there the whole time they were there.  They could have asked for me to adjust the a/c upstairs.  I was downstairs the whole time.  They weren't shy about turning on the radio, and I didn't mind either.  I could zone things out. Why not ask about the a/c?I've had Hispanic cleaners and they're fast and thorough.  They're schedule just wasn't conducive this time around.  my other mistake, I'll wait and stick with tried and true next time. I thought i'd try a yelp recommendation.
2	At first we loved Jessica and her husband Craig. They cleaned well and were good with our crazy dog. They were able to accommodate my scheduling. But then they disappeared. Wouldn't reply to texts. Wouldn't answer my phone calls. Finally got her to reply and they said they weren't comfortable working for us anymore. This all occurred because I asked what was dripping down the front of my dresser after they left. In hind sight, she got defensive for my asking what she used on my furniture. Doesn't take criticism well. Poor communication.
5	We first met Craig and Jessica in the spring of 2013, when our realtor referred them to clean our house and clear the clutter to prepare our house for sale.  They did a great job, and the house looked far more inviting than I had expected.  We had several offers after only 3 days on the market, and I think the appearance really helped.We bought a larger "short sale" house that had been vacant for several months, and they came and did a "move in" cleaning for us.Since then, they have been cleaning our house on a regular basis, and we are very satisfied with their service.Bobbie R.
5	I probably should have been moved to write this a long time ago, but I heard that a couple negative reviews had been posted.  Knowing how toxic those can be to a small business, I knew it was time to sit down and write.  Jessica has been cleaning my home since 2008 - - even before she adopted the Addicted to Clean name, or her husband, Craig!  Jessica and Craig are honest, hard-working, and reliable and they consistently leave me with a sparkling clean home.  They are great with my young kids, with our dog, and have been flexible with me too, since I work from home a good percentage of the time.  As a mother of young kids, and a health-conscious person myself, I also appreciate that they attempt to use very natural cleaning products.  Both Jessica and Craig are always looking for small ways to give a special touch - for example, Craig changes hard to reach light bulbs or Jessica might subtly rearrange something I attempted to organize, but make it much better!  I'm honestly surprised to read the couple of negative reviews that appeared here on Yelp, because it couldn't be farther from my experience.  In fact, I have referred them clients, including several family members and neighbors.  Please don't overlook these hard-working people based - you will not be disappointed.
5	I should have written this a month ago! Jessica and her husband are great! Right on time and very professional. Our house was so beautifully cleaned! They went the extra mile on our large all glass shower. I couldn't get it clean from the water marks on it. It looked brand new when they were done! Everything was shiny and fresh. Plus I felt very comfortable with them in our home.They were very pleasant and professional. You get what you pay for with them!
5	Absolutely 100% happy with Jessica and Craig!  I have been using them for a year now and they have been wonderful.  Always accommodating if i need to make a change and very easy to communicate with.  They are great at cleaning, thorough and efficient.  They are reliable and on time.  I feel very comfortable with them in my house whether they are alone or with my kids.  They are great with my dogs too!  Very happy with them!!!
