5	I would not recommend staying here for at least a few months because right now the property is still very much under construction (noisy) and the bar and restaurants are not open yet.  The staff graciously discounted my rate.  This is still their soft opening and of course nothing is easy and goes according to plan.  Gorgeous hotel, wonderful renovation.  The patio is amazing.  Excellent service.  I can't wait to see it when it's done.
1	Not a happy stay. Shouldn't have opened hotel at all if still under construction. Went for a wedding (200+people) and woke up to noisy construction and construction workers inside still working. Bar was not even done, cheap setup in the corner. List of complaints from $5 coffee, which normally every hotel room there is complimentary coffee in all rooms. No ice available by vending machines, our fan in washroom did not work, refrigerator in room out of service. Just horrible. I feel that if someone is paying $200+/room the service and experience should be exceptional. And definitely not worth the $20/day car valet. There is nothing special about this hotel except that it's along the lake. Not worth the money. Never staying here again. Look elsewhere and think twice before staying here.
5	We stayed at The Edgewater during their soft re-opening on 9/27/2014 for a Badgers football game. We arrived at the hotel around 10 am on Saturday morning, our SUV was whisked away by the friendly valet staff, while we checked in and left our luggage with the concierge, we then walked back out front, mentioning to the valet we might need a cab to get to the game? he let us know they had a shuttle and moments later we were in an Escalade, with a very friendly and knowledgeable driver who knew all the back streets, and dropped us off at Camp Randal Stadium by 10:40 am, we had plenty of time to wander over to the stadium for the 11:30 kick off! It was a fantastic, efficient and fun experience!Our room was upgraded to a loft, it was gorgeous! With beautiful views of the lake, and the memorial union terrace. The definitely went all out on this remodel, I loved the little details, especially the TV imbedded in the bathroom mirror! I was like why is there a remote control on the counter in here? I don't see a tv....OMG THS IS AWESOME!  The property is gorgeous, the staff are super friendly and outgoing! This will now be my go to hotel when I visit the mad city!
5	Kudos to the owners, investors, partners, contractors and employees who've obviously worked quite hard to breathe new life into this historic Madison hotel. I was fortunate enough to get an invitation to attend the Grand Reopening Extravaganza on Thursday, October 23, as the event was something to behold.+ Awesome ballrooms and meeting spaces; for the event, they had all of these areas decked-out to the nines. I could easily see a wedding, a company party, or a convention taking place in any of the wonderful spaces. The food that they offered in each ballroom and meeting space was unreal as well. Seriously competent catering/food services staff here.+ Decor of the main/public areas is lovely. Reminded me of "art deco meets craftsman meets modern." The wall of box-lit Wisconsin photos is great as well.+ Finally! Fast elevators! Four elevators, all of which move along at a comfortable clip means short waits, even when the place is packed (like it was on this night).+ Sky bar. Oh my gosh. What a beautiful, classy bar. And the views! Look to one side and you have an unobstructed, picture-perfect view of the capital. Look to the west, and you'd swear you could jump right into Lake Mendota. Oh! There's the Union, too!  ;-)+ The presidential suite. Heated floors. Shower big enough for a party of 12. Jet tub. Awesome Lake Mendota views. Comfy chairs and couches. A dining room. Top notch all the way around.+ The regular rooms. I guarantee there aren't any nicer rooms in the city. None. + The staff! Oh my gosh - from the executive chef, to the hospitality folks, to the general staff, to the doormen - each was kind, professional, and very helpful. I could really see myself taking a little stay-cation here in the near future. Truly wonderful! Thank you for putting so much effort into refreshing the beloved Edgewater!
5	This new building is pretty amazing. BRAND new. The waiter told me they had a "soft" opening 2 months ago, and a "hard" opening two weeks ago.My girlfriend and I are not from here. We're just passing through. We are on a massive road trip all around the country. So far we've driven about 6,500 miles and we LIVE in hotels.This has got to be one of the four best hotels we've stayed in.
1	THIS REVIEW PERTAINS TO THE BAR AND OVERALL DECOR. I did not stay in the one of the rooms...We got here on a Saturday night, just to meet for drinks before really heading out. I'm just going to make a list of the "wrongs" that happened here:1). At first, there weren't too many people, so I'm not sure why the empty tables hadn't been wiped down. Gross. When the waitress came to our table, we had to point this out to her and she came back with a wet cloth, wiped it down and left the table wet despite the fact that we were sitting there. How about a dry cloth?2). For three of us, we were given ONE menu and the waitress was back in all of not even 5 minutes to ask if we knew what we wanted. HOW ABOUT ANOTHER MENU?3). We managed to get one other menu, and I flipped to the beer page and found the list of beers on tap. I asked what kind of beer the "Lady Luck" was (meaning amber, pilsner, etc.) and was told it was an amber. Guess what? It was a porter. HUGE difference between the two.4). How about those deviled eggs? Don't bother. They are filled with some variation of different goo, one of which is pink and is supposed to be "beet" something or other but really tastes like vinegar.5). There was garbage on the floor behind the bar. How about sweeping up now and then?6). The waitress assumed my friend was finished with his drink (yes, because it was still just a bit less than half full), and went ahead without asking if he was done and stuck her finger in the glass to grab it -- mid way through this she realized what she did and offered to "make him a half drink" to make up for it. At least she tried, I guess. My overall feeling is that they hired a bunch of people that haven't worked in the service industry before.7). The place filled up, but despite the stream of customers and large groups, they still had last call around midnight. I guess they don't like making money.Overall, looking at the building decor and the "masonry," it looked like this place was slapped together as quickly as possible. The ceiling is so low in the main lobby it makes even me uncomfortable and I'm all of five foot two. The layout is almost schizophrenic. Seems like they had good ideas but very poor execution.
4	The Edgewater's rooms are really lovely. The room I stayed in was overly spacious, with a deliciously comfortable bed, and a really nice view of the lake. As a lot of people have mentioned the main areas (lobby, meeting rooms, etc.) are also quite well-appointed and it's clear that they put a lot of love into the remodel of this hotel.For the location and amenities the price can't be beat and I would definitely be happy to stay here again!
1	I am glad quite a few people have had good things to say about the new improved Edgewater.  My experience was the complete opposite.  I booked a room for a football weekend about five months in advance.  Saw an ad in the UW alumni magazine.  Even though we only wanted to stay one night, we were required to stay two nights because that was the rule on football weekends.  When we booked the room, we were assured the hotel would be open and fully functional/accessible during our stay. I booked a lakeside room.  When we checked in, the clerk said that a lot of people had been told they were going to get a lakeside room but the company that took the reservations had mistakenly told people the wrong thing.  Sorry there was nothing they could do about it and the price was going to be the same.  We had no choice but to stay because the whole city of Madison was full due to it being a football weekend (thus why I booked the room five months in advance)  When we go to the room, the tv didn't work.  We couldn't order room service because a private event was being held.  We couldn't eat in the restaurant because it had been booked.  We couldn't go the bar because it had been booked.  We asked for a rollout because our teenage daughters boyfriend was coming up to spend the night Saturday.  We were informed they didn't have rollout cots. The girl at the desk was very rude and said she had many other more important matters to attend to than my problems.  I went into a bar setup downstairs after the football game saturday and had some jackass come up and rudely tell me I was in a private area and need to get the f*%K out. At checkout I wanted to speak to the manager about what a terrible experience our stay was especially for  $800+  (Yeah I thought it would be a treat for us and I was willing to pay over $400 a night)  I was told the manager was busy and would call me first thing Monday.  That was over two months ago. If you like throwing you money away for a horrible experience, this is the place for you. I am 50 years old and have stayed in everything from roach hotels to the Four Seasons and this is the worst hotel stay EVER!!!!
5	I can't speak highly enough about the hotel, the staff, and the management at The Edgewater. I stayed at the hotel on business for two weeks in December. I was impressed with the entire experience. The hotel is completely renovated and, therefore, clean and fresh! The beds are comfortable, the showers are luxurious, and anyone staying, for any period of time, will enjoy the ambiance of the hotel. The staff are incredibly kind and hospitable. I was always greeted with a pleasant smile and a cheerful attitude. They are also extremely efficient! All of my requests were taken care of promptly. In fact, when I asked if they could help me find some boxes to use for shipping, a manager kindly brought in boxes from his own house! (He even brought in packing tape for me to use!) The food at the restaurant/bar is delicious. As I mentioned, I was a guest at the hotel for two weeks. As most of you know, staying at a hotel means that you are eating out at restaurants A LOT. While I was pleasantly surprised to find that Madison is quite the foodie city, I found myself choosing the hotel restuarant over other local restaurants because of the quality of food and the services provided by the restuarant staff! My employers, who were also staying at the hotel, trained daily with Jason, a personal trainer at the hotel. They were impressed with his ability to tailor a workout routine to their exact requests. They were also pleased with his scheduling flexibility, his upbeat personality, and overall personal training knowledge. It's not very often that you go to a hotel and you get this type of customer service. If you are looking to stay in Madison, look no further than The Edgewater Hotel.
