5	I am so glad that I get to be the first person to review the Victorian Villa. We just had our beautiful wedding at the villa and could not have been happier. The staff was wonderful and the food was great (see below). A little bit about the villa.... it is a Victorian style bed and breakfast that was moved to there current location. The property is on an inlet of Lake Wylie on the Charlotte side. The ceremony takes place in the back yard in a gazebo over looking the lake. You can utilize a grand stairway in the back for the bride. The stairway has built in lighting and is absolutely beautiful. Guests can watch the ceremony from chairs in front of the gazebo or from above on the back deck. The reception takes place under a large awning with tile floors. The tile also acts as the dance floor. There is what I would call a large lighted courtyard with a tiki bar off to the side. Other than the guests that were dancing this is where most of the guests hang out at. In between the pack deck and the tile dancing/ eating area there is an open room that they keep the wedding cake and the buffet area. They have some antique Tiffany pieces in the room that adds to the Victorian feel. All of their pricing is listed on there website as well other than tax and gratuity. We liked that because there are no hidden tricks or games. We first found the villa on the Internet and we fell in love with the venue at our first visit. The owners of the villa are direct and to the point. At the first meeting they laid down there ground rules. We took it as a sign of how much pride they take in there place. They did state right away that they call back priority people first and that they are slow to get back to other people. We understood that they were a small business and that they ran the venue by themselves. At that point we were told that other than the venue, and food they really do nothing else. They had a long list of vendors that they recommended. After we booked the venue we did not go back until our 30 day meeting. When we arrived at the meeting the owner walked us around. They had done some amazing landscaping work during the winter time. I have to tell you how impressed we were. The place was even more beautiful than when we booked the place. The main thing with the villa is that they do not have a liquor license nor will they even do anything with alcohol. I saw this as additional work but a big money saver. If your not OK with doing things yourself then maybe this is not the venue for you. However, the venue is so beautiful that we did not mind doing the extra work. The only constructive criticism I would have for the villa directly is on there food, or at least one particular item. We had the chicken cordon blue, roasted potatoes, green been amondine, and Caesar salad. Everything was delicious except for the green beans. I just wish they told me that the green beans were canned and not fresh. Unfortunately, I can not stand any canned vegetables as it is just moosh to me. It is my fault for not asking and just assuming. When I think of green bean amondine I think of green beans with a nice glaze holding on The almond pieces. In this case it was watery canned beans with slices of almonds thrown in. It was a disappointment specially considering how wonderful and fresh the other food was. Indirectly to the Villa, we do not recommend using their DJ that they have as one of the vendors. Actually, the villa had an older review on another site and the DJ apparently had technical difficulties with the brides song while walking down the isle. We took that as maybe a one time thing or a fluke. However, it happened to us unfortunately. My wife was standing in the isle for a good three minutes waiting for the song to come on. Apparently, the DJ does not know how to use an IPOD nano even though he told us to bring it for him. Luckily, we our laid back and did not allow it to ruin our night and it is just another story to tell when we talk about our wedding. He did play some good music otherwise and everyone had a phenomenal time. I do have to state that they were a very nice couple and we had no problems with them personally. Thank you again to Todd and Liz and the rest of the Victorian Villa staff.
5	Our wedding was June 1st 2013 and it could't have been more perfect. We had plenty of other choices for venues and decided to go with the Victorian Villa Inn for a number of reasons. First, the owner Liz made my wife feel like it was all about her, was genuine and my wife was absolutely comfortable. That was the most important aspect we needed. Liz and her family made us feel like we were not just customers, but an extension of their family. The Inn is gorgeous and I can't say enough amazing things about the service, food, ambiance and overall "show" that is put on by Liz and her staff!! We had an amazing wedding, the service was perfect, Liz and her staff make sure everything is perfect and best of all you have nothing to worry about. Everyone wants a great experience and know the money they are spending is worth it, I have to say not only was what we spent worth it, I truly feel there is no better pricing for what you get out there. Everything was perfect, cake, DJ etc. Liz listens to what you want, we even had her do a set up for the reception that she never had before, ask her about it. It looked awesome!!  Everything is important when you are planning a wedding, what Liz did for us and especially my wife was give us a peace of mind, knowing we were in great hands and had NO STRESS before the wedding and the day of the wedding. WE FULLY RECOMMEND LIZ AND HER FAMILY FROM The VICTORIAN VILLA INN!! They will take care of all your needs and your day will be amazing. If you don't believe us check out our pics on her Facebook website. Thank you Liz!!!David and Natalia Klett
4	My best friend just had his wedding today here the prices are great and the Bed & Breakfast is awesome...
