5	Why is it that every time I am here, I end up leaving about 10 lbs heavier?! I guess I am a sucker for some good wings! The wings here are great. You can even order them boneless! And with so many sauce options and only so much room in my stomach, I always find it hard to choose. I always find myself going with the Spicy Garlic, Caribbean Jerk and Mango Habanero.....can't go wrong with any of them. Of course if I don't "feel like chicken tonight", the Popcorn Shrimp and Chili Con Queso are always winners.I have been to several BWW out here and this location is my favorite. Bartenders are great and always provide the best service. Sundays during football season are the best here. Great crowd and food....you can't go wrong!
4	update: so im cruising the north end of town to hang out in the red rock casino, when i spot this BW3s - had to try it - still awesome - and the best ting about the vegas Buffalo Wild Wings and the rest of the nations other BW3s - they're open 24 hours (actually just the bar - but they serve the wings there too) - gangsta! ha.here's my review of another BW3 -ah yes - the "other" wing mega chain - BW3s - so good.since ive been introduced to Buffalo Wild Wings about 4 years ago - i have longed for one to arrive in san diego - but prayers unanswered, i have to settle for this treat whenever im in the midwest, or vegas.i enjoy the the traditional hot, spicy garlic and carribean jerk - but the king of all sauces is the ASIAN ZING! wow. simply outstanding. they have expanded their menu a little - and have added new sauces like the parmesan and mango habenero - but i really like these new naked skewers - much healthier options...but who are we kidding right? hook up the 18 wing combo with some fried mushroom caps - and its on - BW3s rocks my world. thank you.oh and btw - did i mention that the place is littered with big screen TVs and rock and roll music - perfect for those wanting to see "the game" (any game actually since the invent of the satellite).
4	I love this place.  It's right around the corner from me - always great bar food, cheap, the kids love it and the staff is pretty cool.
5	Without a doubt this IS the location for BBW... Friendly staff, fast, efficient, AWESOME wings, they have never screwed up my order... unlike the other locations..... No other location can beat this one.I always stuff myself here and feel terrible for about a week after!
4	Buffalo Wild Wings? Yes, please. Boneless wings? Oh yeah! A huge variety of sauces to smother said chicken in? Yup.  Scrumptious? You better believe it!Husband and I are big fans of the boneless wings. I loved the flatbread pizza, too.  This place is super chill--wings are served in paper trays, totally ok for your brats or obnoxious sports loving husbands. They have trivia, tons of TVs and decent service. Tip:  Skip the special lemonade--it's Minute Maid with nasty syrup added.
3	Came here to watch the Kimbo Slice fight; turns out we totally missed it, but didn't find that out until after dinner.  They wouldn't turn the sound on for the fight, even after the big football game people were watching ended.  We ordered drinks and beers, and the usual burgers and food.  It was all mediocre, in a plasticy, chain restaurant kind of way.  What kept the place from sucking was the really helpful, smiley service and pleasant atmosphere.  It's not the best food, best drink, or best place to watch a game, but if you find yourself needing to be there, it wont hurt you.
4	Can't really go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings! Came in here with a couple of friends to watch two different NBA Playoff games.The food is solid. Nothing fancy or gourmet about this place, but you can get wings, popcorn shrimp or anything else that tickles your food baby.I would recommend staying away from the Parmesan Garlic wings. They came out crispy and overcooked. When we asked the server to bring us a new batch, they tasted turrible. Everything else though? Awesome.Beer selection is pretty good. Everything from your mass domestics, to some craft. Try a Sierra Nevada or Sam Adams Boston Lager with something really spicy. It'll change your life.Bathrooms are amazing! Each standing stall in the Men's room had a TV. Nothing better than watching TV while you finish up.Also, the best part? PLENTY of TV's. My friends were more interested in the Laker game, so they watched that, while I watched the Jazz game. We all sat at the same table, and were still able to be social with each other because we were surrounded by TV's.One last thing. It's 24 hours! Holler.
5	Also known as: BWW. Also known as: BDubs. Also known as: The place that has a lot of TVs and if no ones watching and they can put the game that you want to watch on any TV that you want. When you walk into any BWW for the first time, one thing that you'll notice are the massive (OK maybe not massive, let's say large number) of TVs all around the restaurant. Patrons come here to eat wings, drink beer and watch sports! I love that they have drink or food specials during games! It's a great place for large groups. This particular location has a room that you can reserve, ahead of time of course, and they can close it off for your group equipped with enough TVs and your own server (I'm sure) for you and your compadres. If you have kids, it's a good place to take them. They have these blue things that you're able to play trivial games on, forgot what they're called... But my son, 12 yo, plays with it. And there are also about 2-3 video games that they can play too. For the 21 and over crowd, there is a bar area and it's open 24 hours, just fo yo info! We've been repeat customers to this location long before I even moved here, almost 6yrs ago. 9 times out of 10, our service is top notch, service with a smile, pure awesomeness... It's that one out of 10 that we get that server that we do not like... That is why we always request for our favorite servers. Anyway, on to the stuff we ingest. I usually order 2 tall Coors Lights & 6 traditional style wings with Parmesan Garlic Sauce. Beer- always crisp fresh oOoOo yummy. I was never a fan of any wings from any place but the Parmesan Garlic, changed my mind! I love garlic and it's the only sauce that I eat. My husband orders 6 Mango Habenero another 6 wings plain with medium sauce on the side and a basket of wedges. I personally don't like those particular sauces but he does and those wedges are yummy, crispy on the outside nice and soft on the inside. The 5 Star rating is is well deserved, but that's just my review ;)
4	I came here last night with my husband around midnight. I love 24 hour places but I'm always wary about what kind of crowd I may find...drunk and mean....loud? I was happy to find a nice laid back crowd. When I walked in "I thought... "So is this where all the single men hang out?". There were quite a few ..I'm married but just sayin...to any single ladies out there..that may value this type of info...male to female ratio was good! I also liked that the place was well lit and had good music playing it gave off an upbeat vibe. There are huge televisions on practically every wall playing sports but if you are like me and not into that they have these game machines at the bar. These aren't the poker machines which bore me to death ( they have those too) but they were just fun video games that were free. It was a good way to the pass the time while we waited on our food which came out pretty quick. My husband and I shared Nachos and the Blackened Chicken Salad. The Nachos were light and crispy they had jalapenos, cheese , chili, sour cream etc on them. It didn't give you that heavy feeling after eating it . It was really good even though I tend to stay away from chili. I liked that the chili wasn't piled all over the chips you can eat this without getting messy . The salad was also delicious ..the Blackened Chicken was nice and tender and had roasted garlic on it. it. The salad had tomatoes, red onion, croutons and creamy ranch dressing. The quality of the food was top notch for the price you are paying. I would like to come back in the near future and try their wings!
4	Wings. Tasty wings. It's in the name, and it's what BDubs is all about. As someone who doesn't give a crap about sports, it's still a great place to go, and mainly for the wings.Since May I think I've been to this location 5 times, and have had some minimal ups and downs.Getting seated and situated is never problem, and neither is ordering, but once you get your food (which  takes longer then it should), it seems as though the waiter/tress just forgets about you and never stops by (and this as happened on a couple occasions).As for the food - the wings are where it's at. They're delicious, and the sauces make them reach a level no other wing has reached. 14 delicious sauces, and they can also be used with chicken tenders, sandwiches and so on.So besides wings (and chicken tenders), I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which I was really excited about, as I love pulled pork, and it came with the hot bbq sauce as well. But when I got it, it was a disappointment. The bread seemed dry, the sauce wasn't up to par, and even the pulled pork seemed dry! I learned my lesson, stick with wings!And for those planning on doing the Blazin Challenge, if you pass, you still have to pay $5 for the shirt, it's no longer free.
2	I come to this Bww's quite frequently due to its proximity to mine and my friends houses. Sadly as much as we come here nothing ever just happens right for us here. The service is fine but usually our wings are somehow child's sized or over-done or under sauced. It's quite saddening because we still come here if only because it's so close to where we live. Although those desserts that taste like they're from a box in the freezer never fail to makes us crave this Bww either!
5	Okay, I will not comment on the excellent food and sports option here because I will assume everyone knows that about ALL the BW3's. What makes THIS BW3 SPECIAL IS EVERYTHING ELSE!!!Open 24/7 and hilarious about it. So, I needed some time away from taking care of my crazy ass grandmother (not senile, because she willingly says creepy things to people for a reaction). At 2am, I walked up, doors locked, a spot light on a lone switch, pressed it...3 seconds...LOUD SCREAM!!!...i jump like a douche, bartender runs out the other door, apologizes, gives me a shot of Jameson's as consolation.Upon ordering, he turns on a surveillance tv pointed towards that same spot I pressed the enter button...PURE ENTERTAINMENT for a solid hour.This place gets my seal of AWESOME!!
4	The only reason I'm not rating them 5 stars is the service; their service is slow and crappy! The servers stand around chatting with each other instead of refilling drinks, fulfilling orders, and asking if we need anything. Ugh... if the food was not as good as it is, I would not be coming back.Luckily, the food more than makes up for the crappy service. My boyfriend always gets wings, and I get tenders, and we share them. Their tenders are very crispy and juicy on the inside. They come in orders of 4 or 6 and they also come with your choice of sauce, fries, and ranch dressing, just how I like them. I usually get them with the honey bbq sauce, as the wings are usually coated in a spicier sauce.Parmesan garlic is my favorite sauce by far for the wings; it tastes very Italian. Spicy garlic is my least favorite; it's too spicy and doesn't have any specific flavor otherwise. I've also tried asian xing (which is really good), Caribbean jerk (which made my nose runny from the heat), hot bbq (good), and mango habanero (delicious! but it made my eyes water
3	Why did I keep eating??Basically, you come here for those deep fried delicacies known as boneless wings.  I've tried the potato wedges, burgers, wraps, and salads, and all are average at best.  Don't waste the stomach space.  There are many sauces to choose from, my favorite being the spicy Mango Habanero sauce.  Here's what you do:  Call in an order of about 20 boneless wings just for yourself on a football Sunday.  Make sure nobody is home of course, this is going to be a shamefeast.  When you return with your saucy bounty, close the curtains, lock the doors, and get carnivorous.  Nobody likes a quitter, so just like a marathon runner you'll have to push through.  Yep, I just compared running a marathon to stuffing your face with boneless wings.  SHAZAM!
3	I enjoy coming here in the middle of the day during the week to study or work while using the FREE WiFi.  That's one of my favorite things about B-Dubs is the FREE WiFi.I'll order a 6 pack or dozen Boneless Wings and just work away.  It's really hard not to have a Beer or two while studying so I'll cave every once in a while and grab a Blue Moon.The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is great for hanging out.Return Factor - 75%
2	Bleh. The Thai curry wings were not very good. The burger was ok, the fried pickles were chewy, the garlic mushrooms weren't very garlicy and the batter on the inside was not thoroughly cooked. Honestly I can't remember the last time I had a good meal there. The menu still shows apple pie and cheesecake though they no longer sell it.
4	Gotta give this place four stars for how they hooked me up last night.  I won a poker tournament back in January, and it was finally televised on some obscure channel on Dish/DirectTV.  Called a bunch of bars around town, and BWW was one of the few places that had it.  I rolled in with my friends at 10pm to watch, and they put the show on the big screen with the volume on for me.  On top of that, it was happy hour, so $3 beers and apps.  Sorry they were out of Jack Daniels, Mario.  Staff has always been super cool every time I've come here, so it's no surprise that they were so helpful.  Thanks, BWW!
4	I have gone to this Buffalo Wild Wings for a while now. It's a chain yes, but a good chain none the less. I love their sauce options and am a real big fan of the Parmesan Garlic. Being a guinea, garlic is my weakness. The only thing that lures me in even more is adding parmesan cheese to it. It reminds me a lot of the Italian Style wings we use to make at our old pizza place. They also have a great Mango Habanero that I enjoy, great for fans of spicier sauces. It's sweet and very spicy as the name implies.They have awesome buffalo chips when they decide to actually fully cook them. Often times they are slightly undercooked and that makes them just kinda Meh. I do take out from here more often, but occasionally eat in the bar area. The staff is always friendly and they get bonus points for being so helpful with putting Rob's tournament on the big screens with audio and everything. What else is pretty awesome is they have $3 Jack Daniel's, Domestic Drafts and something else after 10. Along with $3 appetizers. They also have specials on Tuesdays and Thursdays. If I remember correct they are special priced regular wings on Tuesdays and boneless wings on Thursdays. Sometimes I do prefer Wing Stop but I'm not passionate one way or the other. It kinda depends on what area I'm at. Also WIng Stop is way more of a takeout place, where Buffalo Wild Wings is the kinda place you can chill with friends and catch a game.Also completely unrelated to the review, I really dislike calling this place B Dubs. I know the name Buffalo Wild Wings isn't short or catchy but that nickname is a pet peeve of mine. Maybe because of hearing people call George W Bush, G dub. I don't wanna think of that guy when I'm thinking about where to get my eat on. Sorry, rant over.
4	You cant beat tuesdays at BBW.....enough said.
3	Service was good, they put the game we wanted on screen, however the food wasn't great. It's like the wings had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while.
2	I've found it. I've found the worst ribs in the city. And you'll be able to experience them also if you head down to Buffalo Wild Wings. I made the mistake of ordering the 1/2 slab of ribs and wings and what came out was the saddest boiled ribs I've ever seen or tasted. I should have known better than to order ribs at a non-BBQ place so I have no one to blame but myself. The ribs were small, rubbery, tasteless, and full of fat. There was no chance of the meat falling off the bone. It was the epitome of failure. The wings, on the other hand, are always tasty. Service was decent but nothing note worthy. I'm still a fan of this chain, but not their ribs.
4	I have no cable, no satellite TV, and barely a good enough antenna to get more than 8 non-spanish channels on my TV.So, that's why whenever the Blackhawks are playing, or the Cubs are getting ready to lose I'm here.  There's tons of high screen TV's that are always on sports, a bunch of beers on tap, and great wings.The service is always pretty good, but when it gets a little busy you'll get a bartender asking if you want another drink right after you ordered one from the last guy.  Let's be honest, though...that's better than the alternative where you sit for 10 minutes before the bartender even sees you need another drink, then asks 3 minutes later if you want it (I'm looking at you Kona Grill).So.  It's got pretty good bar food, even if you don't like chicken wings, and fairly okay priced drinks ($3-$6, 8-9 for the fancy lady drinks with fruit and flavored vodka, etc).-1 because only one game can be on sound at a time, and it generally winds up being the game the biggest idiot in the bar wants to watch.  Also, because they ditched the Chicken Caesar Salad and most of the other "healthy sounding" food items my girlfriend liked.That's it.
5	Awesome service, great drinks, our waitress, Janina, was so wonderful, it's nice to know there is still customer service out there.
1	I'm usually a Wingstop fan but when I had a wing craving on a budget, I suggested Buffalo Wild Wings to my husband because their wings are $0.45 on Tuesdays. I haven't eaten here in 4 years because the last couple of times were gross, but I decided to give it another try and after tonight, never again Buffalo Wild Wings. We ordered 15 spicy garlic and 15 Asian zing traditional bone-in wings, large fries, veggie sticks, and 3 ranches. The quality of the wings seemed lesser than those of Wingstop; they were small, tough, and over cooked. The spicy garlic sauce was a typical hot sauce with a bit of garlic flavor and the Asian zing was sweet and boring topped with red chili flakes. Although neither of which were actually spicy like their names implied, I definitely prefer the "spicy" garlic. The large fries looked like a medium from McDonald's. When we order a large fry from Wingstop, I've had 4 adults and two children work on it but never managed to finish it whereas my husband and I alone were able to kill these fries. The veggies had really stringy, strangely bright green celery, and baby carrots. The tiny ranches, which cost 60 cents each, tasted like they came from a bottle of Hidden Valley. When I pulled up to pick up my food at 8:30 PM, the place was packed with people parking in the adjacent desert. The girls in the front tilted my box of Asian zing on the side so all of the sauce spilled over the boxes and the bag. Since I haven't eaten here in so long, I thought that the box was holding something which should be stood vertically, but if I worked here and saw to-go bags going out constantly, I would have noticed it and fixed it. So I guess some people like to come here for the scene and the game, but if you're looking for a good wing meal to-go, this is definitely not the place to get it from.
2	I did not have a good experience at this location.  Service was slow on a not so busy night.  Food was not at it's usual quality.  Have not been back to this location.  I prefer the one a few miles south.
3	It's average, had a burger and have had alot better ones in a lot of other places. Typical pub food but you pay more for the ambience. The only thing I have enjoyed here is there steak/roast beef wrap. Everything else is just average.
1	All I heard about this place from friend back in the midwest was about how cool this place was...  well...  wait for it....  wait for it...  FAAAAAILURE!Went here with hockey buddies after a game and we wait for 30 minutes in a packed, small waiting area.  When we looked into the restaurant, there were tons of empty tables... I'm talking like 10 to 20 tables.   meanwhile my stomach is empty as hell and screamin' for some food.  We waited and waited and finally got in after about a 30 minute wait....While we were seated, I watched the other less fortunate souls waiting with puppy dog eyes at the front waiting area, as they stared in amazement at the 20 or so empty tables and no servers seating anyone.  It was so blatant and wrong yo!  It was like waving a pork chop in the front of an Ethiopian kid.  Exactly!  Soooo wrong.  So finally the food comes out after a super long time.  When my burger comes out, it looks like a puck that I just slapshotted in my hockey game!  It's totally freakin' hard as a rock and the fries are old and have been sitting around.  Oh hells no.  The crazy thing is that I'm so hungry I wolf this thing down in about 5 seconds.  Don't lie, you know you have done the same thing...  lol  This place was a total failure.  I doubt this one location is indicative of the entire chain... but be warned, the servers, waiters and managers do not give a shit about you, the food or anything else in between.  Where the hell is the zero stars option...  Keepin' it realz....
5	This is my regular Buffalo Wild Wings! There are about 3 in Vegas. The one on the strip gets way too crowded & doesn't have as much sauce quality like this location. & the north location is far from me. Buffalo wild wings has some of the best wing sauces I know. I'm a spice lover, so I recommend mango habanero, Thai curry, & spicy garlic. If you're lucky, you can try one of their limited time sauces. For sides, its hard for me to jot order buffalo chips with cheese. They're pretty much good potato sliced wedges. & as for dessert, the typical brownie with vanilla ice cream is satisfying. Although buffalo wild wings is nationally popular, some may not have tried it. Might as well go for it in Vegas! Its not expensive & yummy.
5	I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS!! My fave is parmesan-garlic!!
4	Okay. It was Saturday afternoon and just found out the Pacman/Marquez fight would only be showed at MGM properties.  We called around town.  New York New York, Aria, Monte Carlo and Planet Hollywood all had the fight.  Unfortunately they were charging around 65 to 80 bucks cover just to watch; not including food, drinks and not guaranteeing a seat.  With three girls and four guys that would be rough.With our prospects not looking good.  We called on a friend to look it up on the internet.  Coming through, she tells us that the fight would be showed at Buffalo Wild Wings and there is no cover.  No cover!  Score.  We get directions and head over.  We are not locals of Vegas so going west of the strip is foreign to us.  We have only gone as far as the Orleans, Rio and In and Out Burger and that is it.  But we get there in one piece and before the fight starts and that's all that mattered.The crowd inside was mixed.  We went there to see Pacquiao win.  More than half of the patrons were going for the other guy.  Proof is when my son came in with a Filipino flag on his back and people were booing.The cool thing about this place was that they had all the sports on-  College Football (Oregon VS Stanford especially), UFC (dos Santos VS Velasquez) and the fight.  It was nice seeing everywhere you looked a big screen with sports.  That night was a good night for sports.We got a table that was perfectly placed by the bar.  We were also near a bathroom.  We had great service and the fight ended up being good but unsatisfying.  I want to see another rematch.  The wings were awesome and the drinks were good.  We had a great time.  This place is a winner.
1	The food was good but the service was HORRIBLE. They also basically stole money from me. We went in and got seated pretty quickly, it was 3rd quarter in a game so I figured the food wouldnt take forever... I was wrong! The waiter was initially good but quickly started to suck. He brought out our food and never brought us silverware or  ranch. I flagged him down 20 mins later, and his response was that " I keep forgetting I have a table back here" my son was sooo hungry he started eating with his hands! He ended up bring out fresh food and silverware.. FINALLY.Our bill came and I asked if he could take off a meal since it took FOREVER and he went and asked. He came back and told me that his manager took off our to go order and that he would comp our appetizer. He then said "your bill will BE LIKE 23$" I gave him two 20$ bills and he was off. I could tell he didnt know how much change to give me but he brought it back and quickly walked away. Inside I found 7$!!! 7$!! OK our bill was initially 31$, I shouldve got back 9$ but since he took off and comped me it SHOULDVE been  A LOT CHEAPER. From my calculations, he took off 10$ for the to go and 5$ for the app, that would only be a 16$ bill. I figured ehe really didnt cover the app, which is why it was 23$I spoke to the GM and he was freakin oblivious, and offered me a 25$ food credit. I was sooo pissed, the waiter basically jipped me for 17$!!! The managers response was that he couldnt do anything about it... so hes letting his employee STEAL MONEY FROM A CUSTOMER? At this point I was soooo mad I wanted to cry, I ended up leaving and telling him to teach his employees basic math. I called the next day to speak to another manager, who was not helpful, and he said the GM I spoke to was higher up and I was welcomed to come and talk to him... OK, I live on the other side of Summerlin?! I'm not driving AGAIN over there to get something fixed that shouldve been fixed LAST NIGHT. I have not went back for my "food credit" I did e-mail bww customer service but they suck horribly and have never e-mailed me back. I really wished the waiter wouldve given me a receipt, but of course he didnt bc he didnt wanna show how he stole money from me.Freakin jerks! I wish I could give no stars!
4	Any place where I can drink beer, watch the game and play trivia all while breathing in the goodness of smoke-free oxygen deserves at least 4 stars. Forget about everything else, this place has a strict no smoking policy and that makes me a very happy person. I stopped in here Tuesday night around 7ish and b-dubs was packed. The happy hour crowd was just starting to filter out so I was able to get a seat at the bar. The stools at the bar are so much better if you can snag one. The stools around the tables don't have backs and they suck. If you're going to be here for any amount of time get a barstool that you can at least lean back in. Tuesday is 45 cent wing day so I ordered lots of  chicken wings in different sauces. My favorites are mango habanero which is my "go-to" and jammin jalapeno which I had never tasted before but loved. The wings here are very small so I usually order a few more than I normally would at other wing joints. The service is pretty average, about what you would expect from any popular chain. I like the smokeless atmosphere and lots of little wings in different sauces, so for that, I'll go back.
4	Very satisfying!  2nd time here at buffalo wild wings and both time was excellent.The order:50 piece wings and fried pickles10 piece Asian zing - killed it10 piece Thai curry - killed it10 piece Parmesan garlic - kids loved it20 piece salt n vinegar - always a favorite in our house hold!Would have gave it 5 stars, but when I have to ask for drink refills instead of the waitress bringing it without asking - this is something I always frown upon. Especially when the place wasn't packed. Would go back for the food and hopefully next time I wouldn't have to ask for refills again. And yes I did tip the 16%, since she did ask every 5 minutes afterwards. Waitress name: Tiffany
4	The food here is okay, but it's really the service that makes me a fan of this location. During our hour and a half business meeting, our drinks were always refilled when they were down to a third and both the waitress and manager kept checking on us to make sure we were doing well. We only ordered a couple drinks and an appetizer sampler, but the waitress was sure to tell us all her favorites on the menu and make a lot of suggestions before we ordered. Next time, I'll definitely come down for some happy hour specials. They seem to have a lot of good deals everyday, like lunch specials immediately followed by happy hour. The only thing I don't really like about this location is that the parking area is pretty cramped, but it's not a big deal since you have the entire shopping plaza parking lot.
5	Nothing like wings margarita and Fantasy basball,
4	Try blazing!
5	Very nice place and service is excellent.  Usually come in on Tuesday's for their 45 cent wings.  Probably the best deal for wings in the city.  All the flavors are well made (Thai curry, asian zing, and spicy garlic are solid choices).  Lots of Big screens on with games (can request of a specific game).  Waiter is always checking to see if "we're doing good?"  Always asked us if we like a refill.Parking is a bit tight on game days, but nothing too bad.
5	Yum! This place seems to be less busy than the Durango and Warm Springs location I usually go to, so it's my alternate for when that one is packed. Also there are very few business that share the parking lot with this B Dubs so parking is always super easy. Like the other one, always good service and nothing to complain about. My bf and I like to keep it casual, and stuffing my face with wings and enjoying a beer and watching some baseball on Friday nights is just exciting and relaxing enough after a week of work to enjoy. Gotta love the medium sauce! Mild has a lot of flavor without being spicy and honey bbq is pretty good too. Avoid ordering mixed drinks though, it's a waste of money because they're so watered down... so just get some beer. Who can resist beer and wings? Not this girl!
5	I come here at night mostly and ever bartender is quick, friendly, and gets their shit done! Like i said, only at night after work, for beers and snacks... (after 12am).  Awesome food. Love the salt and vinegar seasoning. I put it on everything!!!
3	Met my family there tonight - great casual place - I'm not a big fan of chicken wings - so when I join my family there, I'm a little limited on menu choices. I thought this place was a little pricey for the portions you get.
3	Seemed to be a clean and popular place. Kind of out of the way, I thought, but not too inconvenient a location.  I ordered to go and found the food quality to be no different from other BW3s I've been to.  Buffalo wings are the last meat I'll give up, and they do a good job with them. I tried their soft pretzels as well and found them to be quite good and filling. I like that it's 24 hours and has free wi-fi.
5	This Buffalo Wild Wings has to be my number one spot for wings!! Everything from the wings down to the customer service is great! As soon as i walk in with my buddies i'm instantly greeted and assited to a table, and all throughout my stay i am checked on bty my waiter or waitress and asked about refills, napkins, etc. One thing that puts BWW above the rest of the chicken wing spots here in Vegas is the variety of flavors, spices, and seasonings that you have to choose from for your chicken wings and fries. I've also had a burger or two and id have to say wings arent the only thing their good at making, their burgers are great! Very nice and clean facility i give BWW a well earned 5 stars *****
5	we love this place, great food fun atmosphere
5	This is basically where I like to go for good chicken Wings. The varieties they have are super! Good games and good wings bring a crowd!! It's okay with me wait for great Wings and Popcorn Shrimp. Ready for some Asian Zing and Mango Habener wings, Traditional!!!If ask for em' wet, they come extra saucy ;)
1	Came during happy hour ,and was charged regular price for happy hour specials.  Worst BBW in vegas. They don't honor there policy.
4	I love the ambience and attitude in this place. The chicken wings are a little on the small side, but great flavors to choose from. Definitely going to continue watching sports in here from time to time. The service is decent and the prices are pretty fair.
2	Decent bar food with a sports atmosphere.  Out of the wing flavors I tried I like the honey BBQ.  Ordered the sliders but not too impressed.  Meat seemed a little dry and I'm not a fan of having to assemble my own slider with the toppings.  We came during happy hour but unless your a fan of beer there was only another fruity choice as an option that night and I didn't notice any other happy hour options.  The trivia game is entertaining.
1	If it was noon (lunchtime) on a Sunday when the NFC championship game was playing........don't you think they'd staff appropriately knowing that there would be a crap load of people?  Not BWW.We were seated quickly, then waited 15 minutes and no one came over to us at all.  I know it was 15 minutes because I checked what time I checked in on Yelp (handy little app).  Also, a table that sat after us had already been brought their drinks.  I went over to the hostess stand where a manager was actually standing and asked him if the waiter knew we had been seated.  His response was an annoyed, "Yeah, we're getting ready to send someone over there."  You're getting ready?  For 15 minutes?So finally our waiter, Ronnie, saunters over to the table and takes our drink orders.  Then he shuffles away.  The drinks come....and he forgot my friend's Shirley Temple.  We'd like to tell him but he ran away as soon as he dropped them off even though we were ready to order by then.We finally order when we flag him down and remind Ronnie about the Shirley Temple.  And we wait........then we ask the hostess to go get the drink because, what do you know, Ronnie forgot it again.Now, I don't want you to think I'm being a bitch and this was just a fluke service accident.  So I offer you this other evidence: the couple sitting behind us pulled a manager over because they were having the same issue.  In fact, they set a freaking timer on their phone to prove how long they had waited.And then there was a third table beside us who complained about a missing beer and had the manager come over.Hmmmmmmmmm, if three tables in the same section are having issues with the waiter and the amount of time it is taking to even acknowledge customers....don't you think they'd call in more people?The horrible service left us in a bad mood as we left early at the half.  We would have stayed to watch the whole game and ordered more drinks and food, but, sadly, Ronnie was no where to be found.  So we left and took our business elsewhere.
3	Whenever the stress levels are high, or I'm in a really bad mood, this is the place for me! It turns into boneless wings, fries and a lot of beer. Can't go wrong with any of those 3.
4	I love the wings at Buffalo Wild Wings.  The sauces are tasty and I love the crispiness.  The reason I won't give them 5 stars is the size of the wings. It seems every time I come here they keep getting bigger and bigger.  The smaller the wing, the better.
4	Good, standard BWW. Love that they are open 24 hours and have a late night happy hour!
4	The food here is EXCELLENT. My boyfriend and I come to this location about once a week (we live really close by). I've ordered every flavor and they are all great. Fantastic drink menu. Their salads are actually pretty delicious for a wing place, and so are the appetizers. Appetizers FTW. But I do think that because they do so great with their wings, sometimes they lag on other menu items.The real downside to this location is the staff - especially during March Madness (when I come more frequently to watch games) and the NFL Playoffs. They are pretty okay on a normal day but somehow lose their minds when it gets busy. And they're almost always under-staffed. In the three years I've come here I haven't ever experienced TERRIBLE service because we always come late at night when a lot of people are leaving. But I've experienced waiters forgetting orders, getting orders wrong, not checking on us enough, etc etc. There's a guy who works at this location named Brian and he's one of the better waiters. He'll definitely take care of you.Overall, if you come at the right time, the experience is really good. If you come on Wing Tuesdays or Boneless Thursdays, you can get specialty drinks, a nice appetizer, and a filling amount of wings for like $25 (two people). I hardly ever get a bill for over $20 when my boyfriend and I go.PROS:Amazing wing flavors.Great appetizers.Nice atmosphere.Free wi-fi.Cheap.CONS:Servers aren't that great.Management isn't that great.Not the best place to go for game-watching, unless you come early or really late.
1	The birthday boy cried... And he's 29!! What a mess!!Their hiring process must include a Plinko Board. Bottom Line First: Buffalo Wild Wings has boring food that apparently takes 12 minutes per wing to prepare, a crap beer selection, which is way over prices,  and customer service training comparable to the Nevada Highway Patrol. If you like wings, don't eat here.If you like your friends and family, don't bring them here.My next Yelp! List will be PLACES THAT ARE BETTER THAN BUFFALO WILD WINGS.I have been to this Buffalo Wild Wings about 20 times in the last few years. My friends in the area love it, so we go frequently. Every time we visit this location, everything goes wrong. I came here for a friend's birthday party and I kept my mouth shut while in the restaurant as to not create a scene. Our table waited 50 minutes for the wrong food to come out twice. I ordered to go, as I had to leave the party for work. I even paid when I ordered. Our server, shorted my  change and still stressed that gratuity was not included in my total. I didn't make a big deal over it. Every time she came over, she said that mine should be right out. I wanted to cancel it, but again, did not want to make a scene.I pointed out a bag that had been sitting by the register for 20 minutes. It turns out that this WAS my order. She had it remade, which made me really uncomfortable. She tried to make a joke out of it, not understanding how difficult it is for me to not be mean sometimes. She did not offer to refund the food cost or offer anything additional either, she just said "well you have somewhere to be, so get out of here."The food, which I had to eat on my rushed drive was spilled all over the bag and was not hot. The napkins in the bag were soaked from the spilled sauce. It was the typical, half-assed Buffalo Wild Wing garbage food with no veggie sides.(I will spell check this later)
3	So BWW hasn't changed much over the years just a few new menu items. I haven't been to a BWW for a few years but we wanted to watch the PPV UFC fight, so what the heck. It was a packed house, but service was good and we got our food quickly. Since it had been a while I had to see if the wings tasted the same. Yes they do, my complaint about BWW remains the same, they need crispier wings. I got them with Parmesan Garlic sauce which I really liked. I got to go back and buy a bottle for making wings at home. Got some fries, they were average skinny cut fries. Tried oneof my friends Fried Pickle chips, they were good, nice and crispy. IMO prices of BWW is too high, Wing Tuesdays is the way to go and get them cheaper. I've found better wing places in town so there isn't much bringing me back to BWW.
3	Been here twice now and the food is pretty good, my boyfriend loves it and I don't mind it either. The service is decent not horrible but not amazing either. I prefer this location because it is not jam packed and seems like more of a family place and is not so loud that you can't hear each other talk. I would definitely go again, probably when they are running their wing special on Tuesdays.
4	We met up with some friends here on a Saturday night.  The place was pretty busy being there were baseball games and the UFC going on.  We were seated towards the back right next to all the kids games.  For some reason parents think its okay to let their kids hang around them even if they aren't really playing them.  Quite rude I must say.  However, that is besides the point.Brian was our server.  The place was busy but he was all over making sure we were well taken care of.  I love that.All the food was good from what I saw that everyone ordered.  However the "rub" on whoever ordered it was not obvious to taste.  One person had the vinagar salt on their chicken-you couldnt taste it at all, and another had the desert heat and same outcome.  I did have the desert heat on my naked tenders and it was perfect so I must have gotten the right "rub-chef". LOL  Other than that...everything ordered minus the "rub" issues was great.On the way out the manager greeted us to make sure all was good and we gave our kudos to Brian the waiter!  I hope that got back to him.  Love great customer service!
5	I'm not one to frequent restaurant chains, but I have to admit that I do love me some buffalo wings from B-Dubs. I usually order the wings to go, but when I don't feel like making a mess at home, we'll dine in. Even on game nights (which I think is every night, they have like 50 screens with different games playing) there is never a wait, the place is so big. I always order the traditional wings with hot sauce and a basket of potato wedges with cheese. Sometimes I order the boneless wings, with hot sauce as well. I would recommend you order them extra wet, sometimes they scrimp on the sauce.  On another note, be aware that the speed limit is 35 mph, not 45, despite the fact that it is not a residential area. I found out the hard way. Yikes.
2	Usually I go to the BWW on warm springs & durango, but this time we were near this one.The food was good as usual, but the service here sucked. We stood at the host stand for a good 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. And there were 4 employees in front of us. One was taking a to-go order and the other three were chatting and trying to figure out how to set up a table for 8. Does it really take 3 people to figure that out? And couldn't you at least welcome us? Finally, the lady taking the to-go order finished and sat us..Our server took forever to get to us. We were long ready by the time she finally got here. While waiting for our food, I finished my drink. Our server was at another table, so the manager/supervisor (?) brought us our food. I was waiting to see if she would offer me another drink. She didn't... Very professional of a manager. So we flagged down our waitress and she finally brought me a refill. And the best part you ask? We were seated right next to a POS. The manager was standing there most of the time, gossiping with the waitresses. Couldn't really hear, but by body language and the giggles, it seemed like they were talking crap about guests.I will stick to my original location where I am not ignored and where the employees don't gossip in front of guests.
4	We order take out every Tuesday for their 60 cent wing special. We've visited this location at least a dozen times and have never had an error on a take out order and the wings are always cooked properly and seasoned well. We are working our way through the flavors. I highly recommend any of the dry rubs (distinguishable by the use of "seasoning" in the flavor name). The sweet bbq and honey bbq flavors are our 5 year old's preferred flavor. I'm a big fan of traditional wings and my husband and kid prefer boneless. The boneless wings are all reasonably sized/shaped and you definitely feel as though you've received the same amount of meat. Also, you may receive a survey on your receipt with a $5 off coupon, which if you're a weekly visitor will be surely used within the 14 day expiration period.
4	Another family affair, wings were the order of the night. I usually frequent the Durango or LV Outlet locations. My first visit to a B-Dubs that wasn't one of the two aforementioned, but this was the closest in proximity. I almost felt like I was cheating on my regular wing spots.Entering at first, I thought this particular location was very small. But it was deceptive. The place turned out to be bigger. There is alot of walls separating the various sections of the place.I'm glad to say the food and service was good. Eating with my family, there's usually a few quirks in our ordering. Everything went smoothly. Checked upon often and drinks refilled.It is worth noting they brought back their unlimited wings & fries weekday lunch special for $12.99 for a limited time(Was $11.99 when they last had it year). Their Wing Tuesdays & Boneless Thursdays are now both $0.60/wing. Boneless used to be $0.60 and on Tuesday traditional bone-in $0.45 but they raised the bone-in to match the boneless price. Inflation must be hitting this place pretty hard. Wing Tuesday has gone up from $0.25 to $0.60 since I've lived here in 2006. Even with the rising prices, I will probably still be a regular long as the service stays good. There's no accounting for good service, ever.
4	I really do not know why, but all of a sudden my six year-old daughter has a hankering for chicken wings.  What better place to bring her to than BWW.We went yesterday during the crazy storm that rolled in here in Las Vegas.We ordered sliders and fries, mac and cheese, and 15 boneless buffalo wings with the medium sauce and plain for the kids.My kids ate everything and really enjoyed their food; I enjoyed the wings and beer.  We also watched the US vs Panama in the Gold Cup final; my daughters were into the game because everyone else was.  All in all a great experience; my kids are asking to go back already.
4	Came here for wings and the fights. Gets packed so come early. Service still good even when busy. Will definetly be back on fight nights.
2	As someone who grew up in Texas, BW3s is the go-to spot to watch sports, enjoy wings, cold bear and great service. This weekend I learned that a Las Vegas BW3s experience is very different (except for our server...he was great)A few other things to note:1. It took 20 minutes before a server gave me a menu or took a drink order. 2. I noticed one server on the other side of the restaurant was attentive with his guests, so I picked up and moved to his station. Within 2 minutes, Brian gave me a menu and took my drink order. If I every return it will be because Brian was a terrific server. 3.  I was not prepared for all of the football games to be turned off the big screens in favor of an MMA fight. Needless to say,  I will try another sports bar next weekend.
5	Ya'no, i have been here so many times i cant count. When i visit bww i get the same product every time. If the place is packed sure the wait is a little long, but the cold beer makes up for it. I have always had the game i wanted turned on and theres a shelf for beer at the golden tee machine. 3 words wings, sports, beer. Dont be a baby.
5	My late night favorite
4	BWWs never fails to dissapoint.  I have found the staff at this location is very personalable and on top of it.  Luv the variety of spices for wings.
3	I really like going to this bar.I was first introduced to this bar when I lived a few blocks away.A very fun bar to go and play trivia at. They have a great Happy Hour... Great food Specials, and you can catch every game there.Brian is a great Bar Tender, I occasionally visit him.The only issue I have is, it's crowded, and noisy.
4	The last time I went, wings had plenty of sauce on them. I usually order for pick up and the girl sounded friendly while taking my order. When I picked up my order, they opened all my boxes so I could see that my order was correct. So, if your order is wrong, it's on you. Little room for error (thumbs up). I just hope the sauce and service is consistent.
4	I like BWW and my experiences have been mostly consistent at all valley locations I've visited so far. No complaints and nothing comes to mind of anything negative to say!I have been to this particular location just three times. The last two times were based on the fact that this is the closest location to my parents' house and this was the best location to meet friends that live further north. What's there to hate anyway? Mostly decent food, 24-hour dining, more TVs than I can count, sports sports sports, and quick service. I go to BWW when I have a hankering for chicken wings (or to watch a game and hang out with friends). But that's pretty much it. Their food is not very spectacular and honestly, without their chicken wings (or those delicious potato wedges), the place would easily be 2-3 stars. So stick to the wings..and potato wedges. Not the fries or chips. Trust me.My go-to menu items are boneless chicken wings tossed with their dry seasoning, Chipotle BBQ. It's so good. I prefer dry seasoning over sauces, so I was ecstatic when they introduced the seasonings. Along with the chicken, a basket of potato wedges with Cajun seasoning. It's amazing. With their ranch and veggie boat, I'm a happy gal. Sometimes we will order one of the appetizers, but nothing is phenomenal. On my last visit, I tried their new Garden Crasher. A platter of various raw vegetables (carrots, celery, bell pepper, cucumber) with hummus and yogurt. The hummus was not very good, but to get a platter full of fresh vegetables in a bar restaurant? I was very happy.
3	I really want to love this place. The atmosphere is great, the staff is responsive and friendly, and the sauces are great. The problem is the chicken. It's always dry and overcooked. Not matter how great the sauce is, it can't compensate for leathery chicken.
5	I love this spot. Specially the night crew at the bar. Bartender mike Is always welcoming & takes good pride in his job. & serves A+, good wings, Good beer, good crowd with good workers.
3	Usually a pretty solid bet - both food and drink are predictable, good, but predictable. Love their wings though, definitely have their specialty down pat. If you're in the mood for fried food (you name it, it's fried here) and a cold beer, come on down!
5	Love this place. Great service, every game worth watching on and NO smoking. Hard to find a good sports  bar in Vegas that isn't thick with smoke.This has become a regular go to place great staff and the customers are very friendly. I know it seems weird to love a chain bar in Vegas with all the choices but I love this place.
3	For this corporate chain, I'll just make some quick hard hitting facts of some of the things that stood out to me at this specific B-Dubs!My colleagues and I were quickly seated. The layout of the restaurant is nice and spacious with numerous large TVs lining the walls. The servers and bartenders are extremely friendly. They offer electronic trivia. When I asked for an extra side of sauce to go with my boneless wings they complied without charging me. They did however mess up my coworkers 'well-done wings' order, quickly fixed the mistake and comped his meal. If you are a Sriracha fan, they have a new wing sauce you can try dubbed 'Sizzling Sriracha!'Lastly, they offer two weekly specials: Wing Tuesdays(discounted regular wings) and Boneless Wing Thursdays(60 cent boneless wings).List of Sauces and Seasonings for your perusing pleasure in descending order of spiciness:Salt & Vinegar SeasoningSweet BBQLemon Pepper SeasoningTeriyakiMildParmesan Garlic (*MY FAVORITE!*)Chipotle BBQ SeasoningMediumHoney BBQBuffalo SeasoningSpicy GarlicJammin' JalapenoSriracha Sizzle (Limited Time Only)Asian ZingDesert Heat SeasoningCaribbean JerkThai CurryHot BBQHotMango HabaneroWildBlazin'
5	WooHoo for 60cent wings on Tuesdays!I've been finding myself at this B-dubs often for their bone-in wings. Wings are the same at different locations around town, but this place has awesome customer service. Not too crowded during the hours between lunch and dinner, and Waiters/Waitresses make sure your needs are met all the time. They make sure each visit is a positive experience- couldn't ask for more.Be adventurous and try the deep fried pickles - I love 'em!
5	I've always been a fan of BWW's.  I love traditional wings and I always like to switch it up with different sauces. Most of them are great medium, spicy garlic, Asian zing, honey BBQ,  I've even had them mix sauces.  You can't go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings.  It's quick and easy to get to-go orders also.
4	This place is awesome. I came there already 8 times Great experience. The only issue it's , more then 15 min whiting for the food...
4	When I don't know what to eat, I ask myself if it's Tuesday.No? Think of a place to eat.Yes? GO TO BUFFALO WILD WINGSPeople here think my friends and I are crazy because it is not uncommon for us to order well over 100 wings to share.I absolutely love their parmesan garlic sauce on traditional wings. Desert heat, honey bbq, and chipotle bbq are all solid choices as well. The servers are very friendly and attentive. I've come here with small and large parties and have usually gotten great service.It may just be me, but I HATE their boneless wings, which is what is holding back the last star. They are overly breaded, dry, and have very little sauce on them. I honestly only come here on Tuesdays for their traditional special.
4	I've on been to BWW a handful of times, but I definitely love it. The wings are always delicious. I don't like spicy at all, so teriyaki and sweet BBQ are my go-tos. I also love the hog wild fries! Cheese, bacon and a sauce on fries? Delicious!
4	I usually come here on Tuesdays when they have their special on $0.60 wings! Each wing (bone in) is 60 cents on Tuesdays. I always get Parmesan garlic and chipotle BBQ. Sometimes I get Thai curry and mild. Occasionally I also get their seasoned fries with either chipotle BBQ seasoning or a side of Parmesan garlic sauce. BWW is a great place to hang out with friends, watch games, and eat great food!
4	Went here to watch the Heat game last night and it was surprisingly empty- there was maybe 10 other people in the whole place- I don't know if this location is struggling or what but I assumed we would have to wait for 45 minutes to get a table during play off games. Now, I have been to Bw3 before, so I knew what I was getting myself into: mediocre but cheap food and wings, but a million TVs/cheap drinks. If that tradeoff doesn't seem like what you are looking for you probably want to go elsewhere. I will say that the TV situation was a little out of control. 90% of the TV's were showing hockey (bleh) or baseball (boring) which I didn't even know were still sports. The sound was also on the hockey play by play which is super interesting except the exact opposite. The service was good- drink refills were brought in a timely fashion.
4	Good shit. Good all around service. The food was prompt and the beer was ice cold.  Fuck it don't need much more. Plus is happy hour till 6am. So can't complain.
4	I had a very pleasant time at this BWW location with my friends. We were a fairly large party with 10 people and the employees did their best to seat us all together since it was a little packed due to an NBA playoff game. When they seated us, we had an awesome server named Josh. He was super friendly and helped us all throughout the night, taking good care of us. The food always takes a while to come out of here, due to it needing to be fried, tossed, etc, but he let us know and of course we were ok with it. The wings came out fresh and amazing, like always. They had all of the best games going on their TVs and it was all good, no complaints.
4	I was to this outlet many years ago and was somewhat disappointed to be eating out of a paper lined, plastic basket.  My friends Amelinda L. clued me into their boneless wings Thursday special and I decided to do take out last night.  Boneless wings are $.60 each on Thursdays.It's only about 3 miles, so it's not a drive for me to go here.  I din't order online or phone my order in.  When I got there, the young woman at the register walked me through the process and answered my questions.  A minimum of 4 wings per flavor must be ordered.  I ended up getting 6 spicy garlic for my wife and 6 of the classic hot for myself.  I also ordered a basket of fries which she assured me was great for two people sharing.  She was correct!The cashier told me it would be 10 to 15 minutes.  I started to play Angry Birds and before I could swear twice, the order was ready.  It was probably 5 minutes maximum.  I brought the order home and we dug in.  I was so hungry that I forgot to take a photo of the food.  Next time.The wings were very good and the sauces were just right.  There was a nice bite to my lips from the hot sauce.  The fries ameliorated that heat a bit and I had a nice mug of iced tea at hand.I am a fan and I think I'll come back here on a Thursday again.  For less than $14, dinner for 2.  Not bad at all.  And tasty dinner for two.  And, I didn't have to cook!Amelinda L, thanks once again!
4	Wing Galore!I'll make this a quick review as the name really speaks for itself. I've been coming here with friends for quite a while. The menu is pretty extensive with plenty of wings to choose from. It also has salads for the non wing eaters and my new favorite Pizza Pockets that ain't to bad.This business nearly splits in three different sections. 1) a sit down booth and tables area, where they have a few large TVs. Mostly for the family. 2) A massive wet bar where you have poker machines with high tops tables surrounding. massive TVs are placed all around the bar so you won't be able to miss a game3) An entertainment room for birthday parties etc. This room also is used for alot of fantasy football and baseball fantasy leagues to draft from. They can supply you a tv for your use.BWW is great, the service and food is also at a high standard and it has been very rare that something has gone astray here.Also on big game days like Super Bowl etc it's gonna be packed. There is always some special on wings and beer. For sure a place to visit.OverallFood: 4-5Drink: 4-5Service: 4-5Coming back: yes
5	J.D. Was our server & he gave great great service. He should be working in fine dining! Very polite & friendly. BWW is a very fast paced casual restaurant so I don't ever expect service to be top notch. It def was tonight. & it was the basketball finals!
5	I don't want to tell you how great this place is or else you'll take my luck! 24/7 delicious wings and gambling? Yes, please! Ask Mike for his favorite mix on wing flavor. It's so good ;) plus, tues it's wings for 0.60 cents ;) love you guys!!!
3	I've been too quite a few Bdub locations in Vegas and just came here for the last UFC fight. Gotta say that this was by far the best location we've been too. How is it possible for your food to taste better at one location and not have the same consistency as the others? This is going to be our new Bdub spot from here on out. I believe it's limited time but the Wasabi Wings are awesome. If you like wasabi it's a must try.
2	HORRIBLE Experience!! Service So bad in fact that for the first time I've been motivated to open up a Yelp account to write a review. The reason it gets 2 Stars instead of 1 is for the TVs. For viewing a game great, but if you want food & service you can do far better. Beer selection is also very limited. Very disappointed.
5	This has to be the best late night happy hour in all of Las Vegas. I love going here after I get off of a long shift at work for $3 Absolute cocktails. They have a great beer selection if that is your thing & the staff is very sweet. The late night food options on the Happy Hour menu are decent. It certainly is not 5-stars but it fixes the munchies. I usually stick a buck or two in the machines and have a fun time. Its a great place to go with friends because everyone can afford a $10 tab!
4	Fun place to go with friends, has a decent amount of options for vegetarians such as myself. And the bar is open 24 hours which is nice! Good place to grab a beer and hangout.
2	Today at 1:45, my boyfriend and I decided to go.The food was okay but the service not so much. We got there at 1:50, lunch specials end at 2. We stood there for about 5 minutes before being sat. The host person was on the phone taking an order and said she would be with is in a few minutes. A server came over and asked if it was just us and said it's going to be a wait because he's cleaning the table. I said it was fine as long as we get our order in before the lunch special ends. He looked at the clock and it's 1:55, he said if the computer will let him he will. I was really not happy because if the computer will let him what??? Ummm not. I told him it better let him because we have been waiting to be sat and we were here before the end of the special. The server walked away and the host sat us. We got sat in the same servers spot and submitted our order. The meal went okay until we needed refills. Waited 10 minutes before I got frustrated and asked the host girl if she could get our drinks. She said ok but walked away and never got them. I seen her tell the server a few moments later. The server came over and asked if we would like a box. Of course I said no I just wanted a refill of my drink. He walked away came back with a tray full of drinks and asked what I was drinking again. So I told him. Finally 15 minutes later I'm not thirsty anymore. I tell you. To not check on ur tables within 15-20 minutes or at least walk by not very good service. Hopefully I don't get him again.
5	Had a blast! Great fried pickles! Best of the best,  local buffalo wild wings's!  Great atmospheregames too! Full service restaurant!
3	I've been here twice. It seems that both times the service has been really poor. We wait way too long and the wait staff seems very rushed even though I see them standing around talking. its frustrating when I have to wave someone down to get a water refill. my favorite sauces are the original hot and asian zing. I tasted the difference between the honey BBQ and sweet BBQ I definitely prefer the honey BBQ. It has this extra little something to it that I like. If the service was better I would come back but for now I'll be looking for a different location.
2	Food is delicious. This review reflects the to go accuracy. I understand busy because of football. But when I get home and am missing 20 wings, that isn't cool. I drove back, they knew who I was handed them to me from the back (so sitting awhile) and then moved on. Didn't say a word. At least acknowledge the mistake and we can both move on. That's all! Other then that. Love Buffalo Wild Wings. Great food!
3	Wings and appetizers are always good, fun environment for the most part. Service is never outstanding, tonight in particular but bc everything else is generally good I'm sure we'll still continue to go back.
5	My absolute favorite bar In Vegas. Best service and the bar is better than any man cave I could make. I go here even when I don't want wings because the bartenders are the best in Vegas
3	What it love about BWW is that it's open 24 hours, with the kitchen also open all night. I really like their sauces, I suggest the "wild" and the "parmesan garlic". You can play video poker at their bar also. Good staff, good late night food
2	The one thing I will give these guys credit for is great front counter customer service. We asked for water upon arrival to pick up wings and they gave us to-go cups. The wings are disappointing, small in size and they are stingy with their flavored sauces. The online ordering system was down when we tried ordering...the next week was the same issue. We gave them a second chance to be better and we've completely stopped going because the quality of their wings, sorry guys, thumbs down to this one.
4	Consistently awesome. Love the spicy Gallic and Asian zing. Service can be a bit inconsistent but everyone is very friendly.
2	The food was good, considering we went on Tuesday. I literally had to refill everyones water at my table, thankfully I had an extra water bottle in my purse. I have never been somewhere upon where I had to refill my own water. Its not like we just finished our drinks, they were sitting empty for 20 minutes while we ate spicy wings. If you are going to eat food here, order togo because their service is horrible.
4	Let me say the food here is always great! Buffalo Wild Wings food is by far the best bar food in the world. My rating is based off of the service here because the FOOD is ALWAYS perfect! The service here is bipolar! Sometimes the service is great but sometimes it is awful. I would like to shoutout JD! He is the best server at BWW. He is more attentive and patient and understands people. I have had him as a server at least 5 times and each time he is a professional and GREAT! Even with a party of 15 teenagers he was great! JD is the best server and he deserves to make more money and better tips than BWW allows. For the rest of the staff, they are subpar. They rarely fill up water and don't care about the customers. Buffalo Wild Wings is my favorite restaurant! I love their food! I just wish their staff was as great as JD!
5	Great place and very clean. Best time to go is on Tues and Thurs wing specials.....no fights break out there , like the other Buffalo Wild Wings locations. Friendly staff,  all out going.
5	Stopped in on Black Friday for some wings, football, and free wifi. The wings were cooked to perfection...we always order them extra crispy...and sauced appropriately. The service was great! Our server Kai was friendly and very attentive. The restaurant has a very positive and happy vibe, and all of the employees were awesome and friendly. Manager Eric stopped by our table to say hello which was very nice. We enjoyed our experience very much and will definitely return!
5	Food is always good, tried new flavor, cherry sting, it's good. There are plenty of TV's to watch 'the game' and the servers are very attentive, but, tonight there was way too much 'attention'!We've seen their captains before, going around introducing themselves, asking if they can get us anything, making sure we are having a good time etc.....  But, there ste times when you just want to eat the wings and watch the game without all the goodhearted interuptions!Not only was our server eager to share her visit back home for the Thanksgiving holiday and reunion with her military boyfriend, but she stopped by about a dozen times asking if 'you guys are ok', plus two captains made the rounds as well as the manager? For a couple that just wanted wings and to watch ULNV/ASC game, we were interupted way too much!So, expect a lot of attention when you go. Food is good, service is good, games are good, when you're not interupted! Maybe they should consider a 'no bother' sign to flip when service isn't needed!
4	Came here twice this week, Monday and then Sunday  for the broncos game.. Monday night was slow, I was surprised that not that many people were in the place. Our server was on top of it, and our meal was great.  Got the honey BBQ wings. Onion rings daughter get the mini corn dogs (I'm not sure why lol)  everything was great except for the game ;/ !! sunday, the place was packed but I can't believe  how huge this one is compared to the one on las vegas Blvd. our server was so so, had to ask many other to get things for us it's nice to sit back and watch many games at once or just watch your own team.. tons of tvs everywhere, a fun atmosphere to hand with some friends if you can't be at the game
5	Thanks to Ashley we had some great service and food! Thanks for the Cajun recommendation on the fries it was bomb!
