1	Frankly, who cares? Bad logo even from the start with lego-land Hopi coyote to the howling dog look now. Throw in indifferent teams and financial problems throughout, why was this team moved from Winnipeg in the first place.Also, retaining the whole "White Out" tradition in the playoffs is dumb. Sorry, but it didn't really work in Winnipeg (how many playoff rounds did they win in their NHL days?).Plus they don't even play in Phoenix anymore.
4	It is actually quite impressive how much this franchise accomplishes with so little A) Money, B) Fan Support, C) History.  As a rival of my beloved Kings I really cannot solidly "support" the 'yotes, but I definitely feel for them and really hope they can find a local owner interested in helping them keep some of their talent.  Seriously, have you watched Keith Yandle play?  If not, perhaps you should.Gone are the days of the awkward Coyote Goalie logo and rick-rack jersey all now replaced by classy white and maroon plus a pretty solid Coyote logo.  Figure these facts in with Doan and Yandle, one of the NHL's best new arenas, dirt cheap tickets, and free parking - you should probably check them out.....it isn't like the Suns are going to be playing this year.
5	A winning team, reasonable ticket prices, fun family atmosphere, and a first class arena!  These are all keys to high value, exciting entertainment night out!  The coyotes have always delivered these to their fans!
5	First off I'm thrilled to be living in the Phoenix area finally and for two primary reasons. 1) the Dbacks 2) Phoenix Coyotes hockey! I use to go to Las Vegas Wranglers ECHL minor leauge hockey all the time and I dreamed of the day I could come to Phoenix and see my beloved Coyotes play whenever I please and that day has finally come. We've only lived here for two weeks and my wife and I have already caught two games. The second game we beat the Sharks in true Arizona, hard earned fashion and it was amazing. I'm even more hooked than I thought I was before. Even the game they lost was still fun and entertaining. The fans are great, they always get into the game, the arena is incredible! Best sound system I've ever experienced, and the actual play on the ice is always outstanding. This is all around a first-class entertainment option and quite possibly the best value in town. Sure the location kinda sucks for most people, but once you step foot in that building and hear your Phoenix Coyotes howl and skate onto the ice, you know it's worth it and are already asking yourself, "when can we do this again?!"
3	I've been to a few Coyotes games over the past couple of years and I have to say that I'm very impressed.  The team delivers the goods to it's fans.  Last year, I thought they had what it took to win a championship.  They played really hard and then fell to the eventual Stanley Cup champ, LA Kings.  Not a bad way to end the season.  For that, the hockey team of players, when their playing deserves 5 Stars.However, the team ownership can't get their financial act together and as a result has put this team in limbo.  Can fans count on them staying in town?  Who knows?  They get 0 Stars.The players also deserve 0 Stars for causing the lockout that almost cost an entire season.  Hasn't the NHL learned anything about this kind of stuff?  It almost decimated their league a few years ago.Simply. Ridiculous.Return Factor - 50%  (if they played in Scottsdale or anywhere on the East Side, it would be 100%)
5	FOLKS!!! One thing that amazes me is that the Coyotes does not draw more fans! I'm not saying there is enough Coyotes fans? But with all of the snowbirds, and retirement population here from the northern states! At least you would think they would come and support the teams they were from? Ever since we moved out here we have made a commitment to support the Coyotes! Yes we are huge Kings fans! But that doesn't mean we don't care for this team. Never saw a team with so much heart! Especially what they have to go through not knowing if they are going to be here next year again!!! No owners! Bad location! Even though Glendale is closer, team would serve better if they played out of the US Air Arena!!! Afraid we are going to lose this team to Seattle! Come on fans! Support this team!
4	This was my first pro hockey game!  I really enjoyed the ambiance - but one thing I didn't realize.... Hockey = ice.  Ice = cold.  I froze.  Make sure you take a jacket to stay warm (unless you are unnaturally hot bodied) and you will have a blast.  They have all the bells and whistles with the lights and music blaring - just fun!  We sat in the nosebleeds - but still really enjoyed the game.  We got to the area before the game to grab a bite to eat - every place was packed.  The prices also were higher than what the menu had posted - not sure if this is common at all the restaurants around the arena.... We went to the game right as it was starting, and were surprised by all the empty seats.  They slowly filled up - so if you are on time, it is pretty easy to get in and to your seats.
1	Coyote fans are ridiculous!!!  They have no passion!!!  They are the worst in the NHL!!!  They get mad at the fans and threaten to throw them out because they get excited over what is going on the ice!!  Only in this stadium have I had the problem of being passionate!!!  Terrible fans!!  Wish they would of moved out of the desert. THESE FANS DO NOT DESERVE THE COYOTES!!  I was at the coyotes vs Flyers game 1-4-14.  I was told to sit dow during stoppage in play by people behind me, and also had to go up and talk to coyote security about this.  My friend and I would stand up on exciting plays at our end of our ice, and also during stoppage of play.  This is hockey people!!!  People get excited!!!!  I have never heard anything like this ever in any sporting event that I have been to!!!!  I'm very disappointed in the coyotes!!!!  I was told by the security that "you can't stand up if people behind you complain"  What is that crap!!!  Have you ever heard of that???  We were the only ones who had to go up and talk to security, only took the side of the lazy people who never wanted to stand up and have no passion.  I will not give the coyotes another dime, only when the Blackhawks are in town ha!!!!  GO HAWKS!!!
4	This won't be a rant or rave about the team, the fans, or management.  I'm going to reveiw this as an activity/night out for the family.Action:  The team was right around .500 this season so most of the games were quite good.  They do seem to play up for good teams and down for poor teams, so the games usually are well fought (which for die hard fans would be irritating, but for someone that just wants to see good hockey it's actually a plus).Value:  For a pro sport, flat out awesome.  You can get seats in the upper deck for right around $20-$24.  We usually sit up there and you can see everything just fine.  We've walked around the stadium a fair bit and have sat in several different places... I don't think there are many bad seats in the house.  Souveniers are flat-out expensive; you can find the same items (or almost the same) online for about 50% of the in-arena cost.Ambiance/environment:  Good enough so you can bring kids.  Stadium is clean and well kept.  The resturants just to the north are great and lots of people go there before the game for a drink or some food, and there are some decent places there.Food:  Not bad for an arena.  Definitely doesn't count as cheap, but not outrageous.  The difference in cost is small enough that that I recommend buying the premium beer over the Bud Light/Coors Light/meh beverage.Location:  Gets low marks for being way out in Glendale and recently instituting parking fees.Overall:  Definitely worth going to see.  The team is young and has several good players on it.  It hasn't really taken off in popularity yet but attendence has gone up on average the past few seasons.  I'd recommend going to see some games now, as signs do point to a good team in a few years and likely higher ticket prices to go with that.
