1	I was referred to this office by my dentist, who I think is great.  Unfortunately, this office is not.  I scheduled a consultation in December, and received a voicemail the morning of my appointment to let me know that the Dr. was running late, and asking if I could come to the office three hours later than scheduled.  Sure, no problem.  Upon arriving at the later time, I waited in the lobby area for nearly 20 minutes and then in the dentist chair for another 20 before actually being seen by the Dr. for less than 10 minutes.  That should have been a red flag...Fast foward to today.  I have a 9:30 appointment.  After waiting in the lobby for nearly 20 minutes (see a theme here?) I am told the Dr. is running behind and would not be able to see me until noon.  NOON!  Really?  You couldn't have called and told me that?  Or told me when I arrived ON TIME for my appointment?  No, I did not want to reschedule.  Would you?
5	I have had several surgeries with Dr. Barget and can only say this office is a delight to work with.  The staff members are wonderful and Dr. Barget is one of the most highly recommended periodontists in the Valley.  He is kind and compassionate.  Without a doubt goes above and beyond the call of duty.  Thank you Dr. Barget for all the help you have given me over the past 10 years!
3	I was pleasantly surprised at how pain free and smoothly my gum surgery with Dr Barget went. I was expecting to be in extreme pain-this according to a few friends who had the surgery previously done by another periodontist. However, my experience was quite the opposite. I took it easy the day of the surgery and followed Dr Barget's post operative care instructions. The following day I had no swelling and very little discomfort. I was able to go about my normal weekend activities. I am now about a month post-op and all healed. Dr Barget and his office were extremely professional and caring. I would highly recommend Dr Barget for all your periodontal needs.
5	I was referred to Dr. Barget for a surgical procedure of crown lengthening which was completed back in December. Not only did I get an absolutely beautiful result but his expert direction in my overall treatment made a tremendous difference in my case. He has a warm, self-deprecating manner, explains things completely and I was just simply really comfortable in his care. The IV sedation that knocks you out is FANTASTIC. Since then, I've been back to have my teeth cleaned in March and loved the hygienist, whose name currently escapes me. My experience was exceptional. Perio surgery can be scary and expensive, but if you need to have it, there is no one better in the valley!
