4	great auto shop,  its cheap but the work done isnt, these guys are good at what they do.  i had two catalytic converters put in and a muffler and it only took them about an hour.  ill be going back here.
5	These guys are the best in town!! By far... I have had my cars worked on here for years... The quality and craftsmanship is superior. Highly recommend
5	I'm 60 years old.....an old guy..lol   these Kids ..and I say that just cause I'm old.. are the REAL deal !!!  had new pipe and muffler replace.... didn't try to up sale me..or..anything...Just found the problem and gave me a great price and had it done in less than an hour !!!   Some of the best service I have ever had !!!  Great Job Guys !!  I hope the owner knows how good you guys are !!  .. Thanks So Much !!! Will tell all my friends :)
5	Dope shop
5	I took my truck there this Saturday. I knew better than to just drop in and expect help right away (Come on it was Saturday....DUH) So I fully planned on leaving it there as long as they needed. They did great welding work, and even hunted down an oil leak that has been hiding from me for months. Extremely fair price, and my beloved truck runs great. These guys know their stuff. There's a better place for kids to spend an afternoon than a custom muffler shop with no appointment.
5	I don't know squat about cars but when I brought my baby into the shop I was welcomed by genuine people. I was in and out within two hours at a great price. These guys are the real deal!
5	These guys took care of my caprice. Installed my Cherry Bomb Glasspack that I bought off Amazon. They fabricated the tailpipe so the Chevy tip would come out behind the rear passenger tire. Fully satisfied. Will be back to finish duels & possibly the headers.
5	This muffler shops my favorite in town ... I've tried others but these guys are cheaper and do better work ... I've brought every vehicle I've owned to them and no one can beat there prices or quality of work . Sometimes you'll have to wait longer than expected but for the savings in cash and the quality of craftsmanship I don't mind a wait
5	I wanted to get an exhaust put on my truck but thought it would be super expensive. Called, got a quote & it wasn't.  Took my truck in on a Friday evening & was out the door in less than an hour & a half.  Told the guy at the desk I wanted something aggressive but not overwhelming on the freeway.  He made a good recommendation & that's what I got. With hidden exhaust, which I wanted as per my quote, & tax, I paid less than $200.
5	Great place simple fair prices straight forward. I took my 1994 Land Rover Defender 90 to them and they put on flow master exhaust, it's awesome! They ceramic coated the entire exhaust and put on extra fixtures and fittings for free. These guys Rock!
1	I was told by two different mechanics that I needed a new catalytic converter (cat) for my Honda Pilot. I was told by both the mechanics that I could just get a generic cat (non OEM) from AutoZone and that the mechanic would put it in. I went to AutoZone and told the guy what I needed. He told me that the generic cat was $189 and that the Honda specific cat was $400. The AutoZone guy also said the generic cat works the same as the Honda cat except that the generic one needed welding install. But he did not have any generic cats in stock. He referred me over to the Best Muffler Shop to see if they had any in stock.I went to the shop and ask them if they had any generic catalytic converters for my Honda Pilot. The guy at the shop asked me why I wanted to use a generic cat instead of the official Honda part. I was a little confused and told him that everyone else I spoke to said the generic one would be just fine and that it was much cheaper. He said that the generic one was not fine and that it would not work well with my car. He then said he could "get in trouble" if he sold me the generic catalytic converter. I immediately realized I was being swindled and asked why? and who would get him in trouble? He told me the federal government would not allow him to put a generic catalytic converter in my car. He said I had to buy the higher end part or he would get in trouble by the feds because catalytic converters are regulated by the federal government. It sounded to me like a "Just Brakes" type scheme so I turned around and walked away.Maybe the owner of this shop can read this review and share with me what federal law requires his shop to sell only OEM parts, and tell me what federal statute bars him from selling or installing generic auto parts.  From what I understand, since 1970 the law has specifically allowed for non OEM parts (generic) to be used by repair shops. For the last 44 years generic auto parts have been being used by everybody without incident and without anybody getting in "trouble" for doing so.Be careful with this shop!!!
4	Had work done to my Mitsubishi EclipseGT 07 for a duel exhaust system, with black tips. Pretty straight forward and simple with decent fair prices compared to other places.
