4	I was in desperate need of a spot to watch Game 1 of the NLDS Giants vs. Braves series, so Matt and I thought we'd check out Firehouse. When we walked in decked out in our Giants gear, I suddenly realized that we might not be so welcome at this spot... not only is the owner an Atlanta Braves fan, but there were multiple other patrons sporting Braves gear as well. Great, I thought to myself, I managed to pick probably one of the only Hotlanta sports bars in all of Scottsdale! But instead of giving us the cold shoulder, the owner, named Justin, was absolutely one of the most welcoming, friendly and entertaining guys I have ever met. I mean what an awesome guy, well minus the fact that he's a Braves fan... just kidding. ;o)Anyway, Matt and I had a great time here. We will for sure be back (probably to watch the NLCS because yup, that's right, the Giants beat the Braves!), and here's why:1. FOOD - It's delicious. I would categorize it as high quality bar food. These dishes actually require more preparation than just being dropped in a vat of oil, and not everything on the menu includes the words "crispy" or "fried". Their salad menu really impressed me. I ordered the Greek Salad, it was healthy and scrumptious - packed full of kalamata olives and perfectly blackened grilled chicken, as well as topped with a light and flavorful dressing. It's a Mediterranean delight! Maybe it had a little more iceberg lettuce than I would have liked, but the ripe tomatoes and crisp cucumbers included in it made up for the iceberg. Matt ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza - and wow, this was one amazing pizza! I may go as far as to say it's one of the best Pizza's around. This massive personal pizza pie isn't greasy, and it has just the right amount of sauce to cheese to toppings ratio. Now I am salivating just thinking about it! Oh, and we also tried the hummus appetizer... it was all kinds of yum!2. ATMOSPHERE - There is literally a fire truck inside that turns into a DJ booth at night! I love quirky characteristics like that. And everywhere you look there's a huge flat screen TV. Talk about a sports watching paradise. There are even comfy couches with tables where you can relax and watch the game. Firehouse is a multifaceted breakfast-brunch-lunch-dinner-happy hour-sports bar-late night hangout-DJ dancing spot. It's very versatile.3. SERVICE - Ehhhh, our waitress left much to be desired however I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because for one, she outright announced that it was her first night on the job and two, well this place had only been open for less than a week when we went. So I'm cutting them some slack. I'll update on the service my next time around, which in all honesty could be as soon as this weekend.4. THE OWNER - You can tell that Justin put a lot of work into this place. I absolutely love it when owners show their face and mingle with their patrons. It means that they actually care about business.5. SPECIALS - You've got to go here for their happy hour deals! I'm a huge fan because their happy hour starts at 4pm and keeps going until 8pm! For a working woman like me, that is an optimal happy hour time slot. Happy hour specials include half price appetizers and $4 well drinks. In addition, from opening until 10pm, domestic/import bottles of beer are a mere $3! This place is just cool - from the low ceilings to the intriguing bar and the dance floor, it all screams fun! Minus the fact that it's an Atlanta Braves bar as well as the official bar for Dallas Cowboy fans (can you say puke? sorry, I'm a lowly niners fan) this place will unquestionably be in my old town bar rotation, especially when I'm in the mood for some sports bar time!
4	My review is on the nightlife, though I will have to come back and try the food.I was here last weekend. I can't say I was ever at Mickey's Hangover, so they are already doing something right.The hot spot in old town right now. Average prices for Old Town, and good music. I would recommend the back bar as it's faster than the bar closest to the patio, though you will need to navigate through the dance floor.As the weather gets cooler this will become an even more popular spot. Unlike Revolver, Dirty Pretty, and Junkie, this place has a large and spacious patio and was just as crowded as the inside.Another good stop on your Old Town bar hopping.
3	I liked this place. I think they are a little confused about what kind of venue they are, but that is OK, I still had fun. First let me start by saying, "Props to the decorator." I loved Mickey's Hangover, I really did, I was sad to see it go. But, whoever is responsible for transforming that 1970's dive into this sleek bar decorated with two full bars, leather couches and brick walls, nicely done! It is gorgeous inside. The smarties even added bathrooms, something that drove me nuts at Mickey's (they only had one bathroom). The patio also looked cool, it had swings and hammocks and lots of tables/chairs for just relaxing. That being said, I think they are more of a nightclub/Scottsdale bar than a sports bar. They're website says they are a PAC-10 and Dallas Cowboys sports bar, so we went there to watch football. The staff was very accommodating, they set up some tables for us, made sure the TVs were on what we wanted to watch and all in all just friendly. I didn't eat, but the friends that did said the food was really good; I know my vodka soda was yummy and my bottled Bud Light was great;) Oh, I should mention they have some great drink and appetizer specials, too. The only problem I noticed was that they had clubish music on at 7:30PM that was so loud we could feel our asses vibrating. I'm all for the club, and I expect that scene in Oldtown, but don't tout yourself as a place to watch sports if you are going to bring in the DJ. Now, maybe it would have been fine if we got there earlier in the day for football, or maybe they can just turn it down a little and then around 10/11PM crank up the volume; sports bar by day, club by night: best of both worlds. (I feel like my dad right now, complaining about the music volume, hahaha.) I think they may be on to something here. Either way, it wasn't unbearable by any means, just kind of loud. I think Firehouse has a great concept, they just need to tweak it a little bit. I'm excited to see what comes from them, I think they will be a great addition to Oldtown Scottsdale! I will definitely go back, just not to watch a night sports game. Instead, I'll bring my dancing shoes and be ready to party this time:)
3	I was recently here during the EARLY hours of a Monday morning (2:45am) with a bunch of friends.  They were great at accommodating all of us and at taking orders and such.  The waitresses were very friendly and the atmosphere was great.  I was a big fan of Mickey's Hangover and will miss it but this place seems like it's got a good head start. You are probably now asking why i only gave 3 stars and to be honest i hope i can write an update after a second visit.After a great start to the evening, our appetizers took quite a long time.  Simple items such as nachos and chicken wings.  I had also ordered a Bloody Mary and an egg breakfast sandwich but i was never notified that they were out of stock until our food came so i didn't have the opportunity to order something different as i wasn't willing to wait the time it took to get our food a second time.  That being said-their wings were terrific, nacho's A-OK.The manager did come out and speak to our group and make his apologies which we all appreciated.  They have a great advantage of being one of the few places to grab food after being at the bars and probably for that reason i will be returning and doing a second run.  will re-update when that happens and hopefully have a better review of the service.
4	I was here with friends last night as one of the many stops on our Halloween Bar Crawl on Saturday, October 30. I was instantly drawn to the DJ booth which is decorated like a huge Firetruck. There was this freaky, scary looking baby doll on the window. I had to have pictures with that thing.The LONG line to get carded and enter was a turn off. We had to get through that line to leave, too. How about separate entrance and exit doors, people? Can you say fire hazard?!The inside (and outside patio), is much bigger and roomier than when it was Mickey's Hangover. Great job remodeling! Having more than one bathroom stall is ingenious. (duh)I tried to borrow (permanently) that scary baby thing, but was stopped outside the patio by one of the employees. waaaaaaa. Now I have to search the Internet for one and actually buy it. Life goes on...We will definitely be back, so look out Firehouse!
4	When I came to Scottsdale for a weekend visit a friend of mine suggested we come here on a Saturday night. We were always big fans of Mickey's Hangover and heard that this place was kind of the same vibe but "a little more Scottsdale." I was kind of skeptical when I heard this description and figured the place was gonna be VERY Scottsdale with very little Mickey's. Well, I was surprised that the original description was pretty much spot on. Firehouse has a pretty similar setup to Mickey's (which is good) with a few noticeable differences: 1) The second bar near the back. What is there to say really? Two bars are better than one. 2) The tables/chairs/couches/booths are all pretty nice (and there's lots of 'em) but not too pretentious (aka not "too Scottsdale"). Don't get me wrong...the rundown furniture at Mickey's was part of it's charm, but if you were ever there during the day (when the place was well lit) that furniture looked REALLY worn. 3) There's a DJ/ DJ booth. I'm not necessarily saying this is a good thing or a bad thing, it's just a difference I noticed (although at times Mickey's did have a DJ setup in a corner). When I was there it was near the end of an ASU football game so the DJ wasn't playing music yet and therefore I can't really say much about the music selection. Speaking of the game, this place has a ton of flat screen TVs throughout the bar, so I'd think this is a good place to catch a game! The food menu and drink specials all seemed pretty similar to Mickey's (once again, this is a good thing). Basically (for those not familiar with Mickey's), that means there's a pretty extensive food menu and a lot of different drink specials at different times of the day. Me and my friends really weren't all that hungry, but just to get a taste for what the food was like we got the pretzel sticks, which were yummy! The one thing I didn't like about this place (and when bars/night clubs do this in general it annoys me) is that all of a sudden it went from "bar" to "night club." People (including our group of three) were asked to get up from our tables to make room for what I'm assuming was a dance floor (we left shorty after this so I can't confirm this is the reason why). I just don't see this place as a "club" where a ton of people are gonna dance so moving pretty much all the tables in the center of the main room seemed unnecessary. Overall, I really liked Firehouse though, and will definitely be back!
4	I went here last night, I was actually pretty impressed. It's a good mix between a bar and a nightclub, not exclusively either one but having the better elements of both. I say this because it has a dance floor and people present themselves well; however, it's not super clubby and has a good bar that is easy to get drinks. I haven't been there for the day crowd, but for a Thursday night it was pretty cracking. I will deffinitely head back there.
4	I loved Mickey's Hangover and I really like the new Firehouse. Stopped by on my day off for some bloody marys and were very good. Saw some of the food and looked pretty good. Will have to return and try the food. All in all a great place to go for a bloody mary and chill time durring the day.
5	Dear Firehouse,It's quite apparent that you have an identity crisis going on. Are you a late night hangout spot? A sports bar? Maybe a club? Or a brunch/lunch/dinner spot? Well, I'm a little confused so I'm not even going to try and classify you, because you know what? Your ability to morph into any type of venue depending on the time of day is what makes you so awesome. Old Town didn't need another lame and pretentious club. Therefore, you are the perfect bar/club/restaurant hybrid that breaks the regular Scottsdale mold. I consider you my #1 choice when it comes to the Old Town nighttime scene because I don't have to deal with as much Scottsdale sleaze or attitude. I'm also a big fan of your food. It's excellent as far as bar food goes. Oh, and I can't forget to mention the music because the DJ knows how to mix it up with style. I absolutely love the dance floor... it's fantastic.I could also sit in those comfy red leather couches forever while watching the multiple big flat screen TVs that adorn all of your walls. Yeah, you may kick me out of my cozy couch once you morph into night club mode but that's just the price I have to pay for enjoying a spot as unique as you are. As far as Old Town bars and clubs go you are indisputably as good as it gets. Firehouse, you are perfect just the way you are - please never ever change.xoxo,LindseyP.S. My wallet would like to thank you for having some of the best drink/food specials in Old Town. The fact that happy hour lasts until 8pm is awesome!
1	Prime example of a restaurant/bar whose management doesn't understand its customers.  From slow service to overcharging, I've been there twice now and both times had what I consider ridiculously bad experiences.   The management's answer to everything is to cancel out the bill, but they wont fix any service problems.  When I ask to speak the the GM, I get handed a handwritten note with his email on it.  Providing good service isn't rocket science.  I'm dumbfounded that they still can't get it together.  Save your money..give it to another place that values you as a customer.
1	Perhaps I am naive, perhaps I expect a little too much from a business that I am spending my hard earned money on.I realize that this club probably makes enough money to not care what I think.Just last night (11/27/10) My group of 4 comes into the Firehouse, early to beat the crowd and we grab a nice booth.  We get served our drinks by our waitress.  She was nice, but seemed distracted, which surprised me as the place was practically empty when we go there around 9pmAn hour or so passes, more drinks, the lights dim, the place gets more crowded.  All of a sudden, one of the security staff comes up to our table and says "this booth is reserved, you'll have to move".  There was no sign, our waitress never told us about the situation.  Looking around the club, we see no empty tables.  When we mention this to said security guy he just goes "well, it's first come first served". No "sorry", not one bit of sympathy. In fact, I could be wrong as my emotions are clouding this a bit, but I recall that this guy had a smug look on his face while dealing with us. This is just annoying.  Had we known the booth was reserved (are signs that hard to make? do they need a tutorial on MS Word?) we would have gladly grabbed another table since at the time they were plentiful.We ask to see the manager, and we speak to someone claiming to be the manager.  After explaining our situation we get a very meek "sorry".  No offer of a free drink , nothing.So many questions linger. Were we not dressed well enough? Were we not spending enough money for their tastes?Regardless of that however, we did not deserve that treatment.Once again, we rarely go to Scottsdale because of this type of behavior. I blame my self for even going to the Firehouse. It really bothers me that we got treated this way.  I'm not surprised of course, but still upset.I understand that the lines of men and women waiting outside the club to get in will more than make up for the loss our business.  This is why I am very skeptical they will change their practices.  I don't need to waste my money for subpar service and rude behavior.Perhaps you'll get better service, we didn't. I will never go back and I will take every opportunity to tell my friends and family not to either.
4	Other than the Lines to get into Firehouse..... Im a Fan.Good spot to Pre-game and After bar. Good Food too.
3	Met some people for drinks here on a saturday night. Decent vibe.... not sure if it is any better than the old mickey's hangover that it replaced...
1	I give it one star for being able to cut in line because I was a cute girl alone. Which was so freakin ridiculous to just let certain people in and not others. Lines are for posers, let's me honest. The only way I would stand in a line is if the booze was free.I give it negative 1,000 stars because I got pushed about 10 times. I couldn't even get a drink because the bartenders apparently couldn't multi task. No one came up to talk to me. ( I'll leave that to the overall bad flavor I get from OTS). So I stayed until the girls potty line wasn't 10 miles long and ran for my life.
3	I was surprised to see that Mickey's Hangover closed a little while back. It seemed like such a popular place. I was even more surprised to see Firehouse open in the same place a couple of months back. My friends and I went opening night and have been back of couple of times since. And overall, the place is OK. Neither terrible nor great. And you definately have to be in the mood for a place like this. The first thing that is going to be a turn off for most people is just getting the place. Usually there is a line to get in especially if you get there after midnight. And prepare yourself, cause I promise there will be group of people that know some dude and will walk straight in after you've been waiting for 10 mins. In addition to this, there is a slight cover of $5. Not enough to be angry, which is a business move but something you should be aware. And as far as I know, this applies to everyone so ladies, bring your wallet/purse/boyfriend.  As far as I can tell they aren't tough with the dress code. Just look decent and you should have no problem getting in. If you're familiar with Mickey's, nothing the patio will surprise, except maybe for the swing they've installed. There are booths and tables for those that want to talk without having to scream over booming music, which is a nice.Before you walk inside, be prepare to be assaulted by loud music and tons of people. This place has been pack everytime I've been there, hence the line and cover. The thing is, for the most part, people are just standing around, chillin. The place has a decent sized dance floor but when people aren't dancing and just standing there, it cuts the size in half, which is annoying. This is weird cause for the most part, the DJ is pretty good. Like many place, for the first part of the night he plays Top 40 stuff, particularally hip hip, which is perfect for me. As the night rolls on it generally switches to house, which isn't my cup of tea but thats OK, to each their own. There are two actual bars, one when you come in from the patio and one all the way in the back. The one in front is always packed, since it's near the entrance. The back bar is generally easier to get to the front of once you're back there and easier to get served too. The bartenders have always been nice to me usually get to me as soon as they can. Strong drinks too!This place is best suited for a groups of people who are in a "F**k you! I want to dance all night" kinda mood (this place is open till 4am, but the stop serving at 2am just like everywhere else) and aren't super picky about the music they are dancing to. It's a nice looking place without the strict dress code so if you don't like getting all dressed up to dance, its good for that too! 3.5 stars
3	Man, I miss Mickey's Hangover! Firehouse beats the building being left empty, but I seriously doubt old town needed another club. I'm probably just bitter that I am getting too old to frequent 20-something dance clubs... I liked the patio most, inside you can't move or talk (on the weekends) much less get a drink.
3	In my overly opinionated mind, Firehouse knocks it out of the park. In other ways, I'm surprised it can survive, though not on it's own faults. On a tuesday night, with their backed up drain and all, we sat, conversing with two very friendly bartenders, having to smell the putrid stench coming from the sink. Luckily for Firehouse, the staff was so friendly and helpful that we easily forgot about the unfortunate odor. As we sat, sipping our $3 bombers of Arrogant Bastard (yes, they have AB on happy hour in bombers for $3.... truly amazing) we were treated to a wintery concoction called the "300" a shot created by the bartender "Biz" to help warm your stomach. While not the best tasting drink I've ever had, it served its purpose and then some, warming our bodies on a cold windy night, and providing quite a nice buzz from one drink. This place is covered, and I mean covered in flat panel TVs. I didn't realize it is a sports bar, but the menu looked great as well and this could be a fantastic place to watch a game with a burger and a beer. Despite the aforementioned odor, this is a clean looking place and the atmosphere is definitley great for large groups with couches all over the place. I'd recommend this as a great sports bar to anyone who is looking for one. Now, the couple of knocked off stars, if you're wondering after such a glowing review, is the fact that this place was DEAD on my visit. It was a Tuesday, but who cares? I'm not used to seeing bars empty on Tuesday, perhaps it's an Old Town thing, or perhaps this place is struggling, but either way I don't prefer being the only group in a bar. I can drink at home and save some money. I also thought, even with all the plusses, that this had the overall feel of a college smashbar. I can see it on a Friday or Saturday night full of low brow frat boys getting schnockered and fighting. I say go for happy hour, weeknights before 10, and enjoy your quality time with the folks you are with.
2	Not my favorite of the Scottsdale nonesense crowd.  mixed crowd, skews young.  large patio facing the street, the inside has three bars and a few tables you can try to either reserve for bottle service (which is bizaree given the calibar of this place) or you can try to muscle your way past the crowded so called dance floor to a back bar.  Very crowded by the end of the evening.  definately filled with young rhythm challenged girls in super tight dresses.  makes me long for the simple days of devil's martini.
5	I was here this past Saturday night for a friend's bday, and I had an absolute blast! Don't get me wrong, Firehouse is crowded and the line can be long... but it is actually worth the wait to get in.The DJ? Fantastic. The atmosphere? One of the best "clubby" scenes in Old Town. The staff? Suuuper friendly and attentive. The food? Delicious (as far as bar food/late night grub goes). The dance floor? Well, that's where you'll find me... seriously this place always has the best music!!Firehouse has that seen and be seen atmosphere so I wouldn't recommend you come here if you're looking for a place to hang out and talk with friends. But if you're headed out for a big night on the town or if you're in the mood for some dancing, come here!I must admit I also loved the orange and black balloon decorations everywhere and I can't wait for baseball season to start up again. I know where I'll be headed when it's time to watch some regular season baseball games, Firehouse! Especially ATL vs. SF =)So thank you Firehouse staff for another awesome night out, and I'd also like to thank Justin for helping to make my friend's bday so much fun! You rock.
2	Pure beautiful trash!
3	Went here on a Friday night recently and it was decent. The DJ was pretty good and the crowd was fun. They have hammocks outside on the patio area which is cool but seemed like a disaster waiting to happen. Drunk people + hammocks + concrete floor = disaster. The inside kinda has a club feel but there are definitely nicer places I would go to dance.
1	I went to Firehouse on Saturday night. I was with a group of 8 well dressed guys and gals who were prepared to spend money. We arrived at 10:30 and were never granted entry by an absolute jerk of a bouncer. We left after 45 minutes and spent our money elsewhere. I have no problem waiting in lines at bars if there is a good reason for it. In this case, the bouncer used the age-old "at capacity" excuse, despite letting his buddies and young girls in through the VIP line all night. Several times, the bouncer walked up and down the main line where we were waiting and picked out girls to go to the VIP line, ignoring our questions and pleas. He was rude and unresponsive, and seemed to revel in his power trip. It was clear that he intended to be bribed, which we were not willing to do. We would have left much sooner if we weren't trying to join a friend's birthday party that was already occurring inside. Never, ever going back. I will go elsewhere and enjoy watching this place close down within a year or two.
1	If you are a douche bag-poser, this is your place. We were there Friday night. We were sitting in a booth for hours, spending our hard earned money. I went to the ladies room and when I came back, my party had been asked to move because the booth was reserved. THERE WAS NO RESERVED SIGN and no one, at any time in the evening told us it was reserved so we could choose to sit somewhere else. The posers that were now sitting in the booth, were they better than my party because they ordered a bottle of champagne? Additionally, when the staff swooped in and cleared our table, they took a partial pitcher of beer and my friend had grabbed my purse and I did not see her do it. She went out side and I could not find my purse. That caused a big problem because I could not find it. I blew a gasket and the bouncers did not give a $hit that it was missing. When I did find it I apologized to them when I found it, but the whole thing could have been avoided if they "reserved" bullshit did not happen. There were so many orange fake tans that it looked like an oompa loompa convention. And that was the dudes!! I agree the DJ was one of the worst I have ever heard. He had no idea how to read the crowd and was all over the place with no understandable transitions between song types. And I think the waitresses all shared on brain between them, and that is being generous. The service sucked.I do have to give one shout out to a bouncer named Mark Wallace. He did try and rectify the situation by buying us beers to make up for the pitcher being taken. He listened to our complaints and someone should give him a promotion to lead bouncer or manager instead of the douche bag in the knit hat. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE
3	I'm sticking to my first review on this.  The food when you get it is pretty good and the ambiance is awesome but i have never had a good experience here when it comes to service.  Not sure what it is, but i have been here several times since my first review and every time-the service is poor (even in the afternoons when it isn't as busy).  I'm not discouraging people from going here because it is fun-i'm just giving fair warning on what to expect.
4	I've been away from the Old Town bar scene for a few months now, and I decided what better place to make my comeback than Firehouse.  Firehouse was one of my favorite spots in Old Town.  I've spent many, many drunken nights dancing my booty off at this bar.  If you get tired of waiting for drinks at the front bar, try your luck at the back.  Sometimes the service is faster, and you never know who you'll run into on the way over there. Anyways, this particular occasion I was coming out to watch the Pacquiao fight with some buddies from my boxing gym.  What better place to watch a fight than a place like Firehouse?!  We had a reserved table--the best spot in the house!  Waitresses buzzed around us, bringing food, pitchers of water and checking to see if anyone needed a refill from the bar, all while being careful not to block our view of the fight.  Very impressive.  And they're dressed so damn cute.  We were treated like kings (or just high-rolling VIPs). After the fight the usual set of songs and music videos came on, and I remembered why I usually moved on to the next bar after an hour or so.  Some new music would definitely keep me in the place longer, but I can't complain.   All in all, a great night.
1	I'm always interested in trying new places when they open in Scottsdale. I was skeptical of this, only because it used to be Mickey's Hangover, and I hated that place. I wasn't sad in the least when Mickey's closed. My friend was having her birthday party here, and of course, I forgot my ID, so I had to drive back home. By the time I returned, there was no parking (another Scottsdale weekend peeve of mine, seriously people, learn to carpool), and there was a line outside the entrance. I took my place patiently in line. From the line, you could see many empty tables, and general empty space that people could potentially be occupying. After waiting in this imaginary line for 30+ minutes, with absolutely no movement, I called inside to my friends, who had been waiting for me, to weigh options. In the meantime, I watched the people in line next to me slip the bouncer with the tattoos $20 to get in. Interestingly enough, he never ended up letting them in. Eventually, I was informed that it would be an additional 45 minute wait to get inside, unless I wanted to bribe the bouncer. There's a new one. I've never had someone openly solicit a bribe before. Did I have the money to bribe him? Yes, I did. Was I going to bribe him? Not a chance in hell. I have enjoyed the services of some of the nicest restaurants and bars in Scottsdale, and never in my life have I had to bribe someone to do so. It's insulting, and quite honestly, not the type of behavior I would ever participate in. Much like Mickey's, I won't be sad at all when this place goes under. In the meantime, there are plenty of other establishments in the area who will take my money, legitimately.
5	I have gone to pretty much all the clubs and bars in Old Town Scottsdale and Firehouse is definitely my favorite place to go when I go out. The reason I like Firehouse is because its a very relaxed environment as well as a fun upbeat atmosphere. You can go casual or done up and there is a wide variety of people. There is a huge patio which is nice during the day and night. I really liked the theme of the entire bar and the creative artsy set up.  The first experience at Firehouse I had a reserved table for my friends birthday party and the tables have couches that were SO comfortable. Our cocktail waitress was fun, prompt and made sure we had our drinks filled to the top! A+ I don't know how much the bottle service was but the drinks I bought from the bar were significantly cheaper than other bars that I have gone to. Other times I was out day drinking and the bar staff was very friendly and seemed to enjoy their work. And believe it or not Firehouse has the best food ever... Especially the Spicy Chicken Pita. I highly recommend it. Everything I have tried I loved but Im addicted to the pita! Firehouse is also open after hours so its a great place to end the night, sober up, meet up with friends and get your late night food! All and all I have had great experiences at Firehouse every time I have gone and its def my favorite crowd and environment.
5	I always have a great time at Firehouse.  Top 40's music and people actually dance!
5	This place is awesome. Both for food and drinks.Firehouse reminds me of The Happy Ending (not that, you sickos), but one of my favorite bars in Los Angeles. I used to go the H.E. for post-kickball antics.At Firehouse, you have everything you need. Perfect drunk food, cheap beers ($3 until 10pm), cute servers who actually know what they are doing and fun music.You want a fun place to hang out with your friends. Have a meaningless conversation, dance a little, drink a lot, and meet some new people. This is the place to do it. Also, once you get to know the staff here, you'll find out that they'll help accommodate you when it comes time for your birthday, or time for some sort of actual party.
5	Updating my review from 5 stars, to....5 stars!I came in on Friday with my friends for Happy Hour before our big night out. I e-mailed Justin (the owner) and let him know that I wanted a place to hang out with my friends, and he made sure that I got set up right!He made sure to get in touch with me on the day of my party, and texted me to make sure everything was cool. THAT, is service.The bartenders knew that we were coming, and our server Hope was pretty helpful and took great care of us.For appetizers, grab the hummus! It is bomb! Also, try the GTL (Chicken, Brown Rice, Hummus and Salsa)! Perfect if you need to get something healthy in your system! From the looks of things, they are going to be delivering soon, so I will have the perfect post-workout meal!As always, the beers are $3 until 10pm, and I suggest reserving a large booth. They are well-spaced and allow everyone to be social. Firehouse, thank you for stepping up and giving me a great party!
1	Dear Justin, spare me. Can you not make a comment if you work for the place? Can you not comment after a whole year? You need to get a life  buddy!!! People who are looking to go there want to know what it's like, hence yelp. I am from Michigan, and was visiting the Phoenix area. I have been all over the United States, so I can guarantee you I can "be pleased". This place is a nightmare period. Not for an adult who isn't filled with silicone or covered in nasty cologne and hair gel.
3	I'll give them 3 stars only because we had an awesome waitress. Not a bad place, but we weren't too impressed either. Again, the waitress really saved the day here.We went there on a Friday night before a concert over at the Martini Ranch to have some food and happy hour drinks. There weren't very many people there at all, but we didn't mind that at all. The inside was interesting, to say the least. I was definitely amused by all of the decor ;) The board games underneath the glass on the tables was a nice touch. They also had lounge areas with leather couches, but they didn't exactly look like something we wanted to sit on... The rest of the place was neat and clean, though.Our drinks were okay. We ordered $4 well drinks first, and they weren't too strong. I then ordered a Long Island, which was like $10. I asked the waitress if it was going to be good, so she told me that she'd make sure the bartender made it good lol... It was definitely a lot stronger than the other drinks we had, so I appreciated it. :)The appetizers we ordered weren't bad. The mozzarella sticks were interesting because they looked like egg rolls, so that was kind of cool. They also had really tasty sauces for the chicken strips, and our waitress brought out all of their choices since we couldn't decide.At the end, they actually overcharged us by about $16 but our waitress worked some magic and had it fixed. I don't blame her, since I don't think she wrote the tab up herself. Other than that, there were not significant problems. I can't really say much for the rest of the staff, since we only really interacted with the waitress. Oh, there was one other issue I forgot to mention: They let some guy in from off the street who was asking people for money. While I definitely felt bad for the guy, this establishment shouldn't have let him in. He came to our table first, and then asked a few others inside for money. He then caught our friends (who had just arrived for the concert) just outside Firehouse. My family used to own a bar/grill like this place, and they never allowed people like him inside. It's not good for business ;) Could've been worse, though.I should also mention that we came back real quick for our one friend who wanted a burger (she hadn't eaten yet) after the concert. They were still pretty much dead, so maybe the party doesn't start until super late? Who knows :P Maybe Friday nights just aren't cool anymore?
4	I like this place. It gets hated on a lot by people, but I have a great time every time! The music is always great. Hardly any top 40 and tons of classics. Stuff I can get down to! Afterhours and only $5 cover if you get there late. Really, not a bad deal. I saw Beetlejuice from Howard Stern here last Saturday and was like HOLY SHIT. No one seemed to notice him but me. Whatever, good times!
3	I went here last night with some friends for the first time. I probably wouldn't go back on such a busy night. It gets ridiculously hot in here and even the patio area was hot too. I wanted to dance, but you couldn't even get onto the dance floor because it was so packed. I didn't pay for my drinks, so I can't speak about prices. The best part about this place was the outfits the female bartenders wore. It was hard not to stare.
4	Really liked this place. Great big outdoor patio, decent crowd. Its not too casual, but not too dressy. Took a bit long to get my drinks, but hey- it was a Saturday night. I'd say overall, one of my top 5 places in old town. Tip- check in & get specialsOh, and they are also open late, Friday night they still let me order food at 3am! How cool is that?
5	Replacing Mickey's Hangover, Firehouse has done nothing but caused a bunch of memories with great people. Best days/nights to go? Any day ending in Y. I always run into someone I know and have never had an issue with anything or anybody. Super Josh Snyder is always the best at what he does and he's like a robot so his service is 2nd to none. The djs are always in the mix and always set the mood right. Christmas 2010, New Year's Eve 2011, My Birthday, Valentine's Day, my girl's Birthday, UFC Fights, Ortiz-Mayweather fight, ASU games, NFL Sundays and happy hour are just a few times that I've been there and have ALWAYS had a great time. Thank You Firehouse!
5	The time has come for my triumphant return to the Yelp! Circle.  After long last, I have returned to write a review of an establishment for drinking in Old Town Scottsdale.  Yes, I like to have a good time, and yes I have been to said establishment several times.  A review like these needed time and deep thought as I returned to the Yelp! scene.  Alas... Firehouse is a place of glory.  Whether for an afternoon game, a night on the town, or late night grub, it is everything that you can desire.  As a former employee of the Old Town bar scene, Mikey's Hangover was a staple of my post work routine.  Finish up at the bar, walk over to Mickey's, order up some grub and watch the drunk idiots throw down after 27 vodka monsters.  It was outstanding.  Firehouse has brought this back to life.But Firehouse is way more than the old Mickey's Hangover could ever desire.  They blew out the compartmentalized feel and opened up a big party area.  A place for dancing in front of a huge Fire Engine DJ booth.  Reminds me of my days at a 6 year old boy telling mama I want to grow up to be a Fireman.  Want to know what doesn't remind me of my childhood days?? The outrageous amount of beautiful young ladies that are constantly running around this establishment.FIREHOUSE IS LIKE SPRING BREAK IN HAVASU.I'll say it again.FIREHOUSE IS BETTER THAN SPRING BREAK IN HAVASU.I wish I could post a picture of Carson Daly on Spring Break 98...The food is good.  It's not great, but it is a throw back to the days of old and has a little piece in my heart.  Rumor on the street is they even brought back the old Mickey's cook.  But seriously, are you looking for much more than some good greasy grub while downing some beers in the afternoon watching your team, or at 2:30 am after you struck out with the 37 smoking hot babes earlier that night???In addition, Firehouse has brought back some of your favorite Scottsdale bartenders.  Their staff is second to none in the Old Town.  Even when I want to go day drink on a Sunday, there is a familiar face from yesteryear.  At the bar there are throw back some old school mickey's gems.  Yes you can get a mickey's grenade.  If you are homeless, they have Mad Dog 20/20...Lastly, the Patio.  This is arguably the most recognizable patio in Old Town Scottsdale.  What could they possibly do to make this better than Mickey's, you might have been asking?  Well they did it...Open up the front of the building for easy access in/out of the bar, and expand the patio to allow for all sorts of drinking games.  Genius.Thanks to the new ownership!! Major props for taking something that was great, keeping what was awesome, and stepping up their game to make it even better.
5	we were showing a friend from South America around scottsdale last night and decided to walk over to Firehouse. my wife and i haven't been in this neighborhood for some time now, but us working middle classers aren't use to staying up past 9pm anymore.it was packed....because the dos santos/velasquez fight was on. my wife immediately said "wow, the guy factor in here is enormous", and my friend said "wow, there are some beautiful ladies in here" in his accented voice. we each ordered a beer each and watched the fight, all 60 seconds of it. the place then sort of thinned out.the crowd seemed very cool, and dare i say, laid back. it was only 8pm so noone seemed trashed yet. the music was absolutely excellent. i found myself doing a little dance-in-place. my SA friend comments "why no body dancing to dis music". he said in his country if they played this kind of music at the bar, there would be all kinds of grinding and dancing...even at 8pm. alas, i had to explain the finer points of scottsdale etiquette, wherein everyone stands around, holding a beer, until they get s**tfaced enough to dance or talk to a member of the opposite sex. he continued to look perplexed.anyway, i liked this place as did my wife. and the beer prices were good.
4	Haven't been here since it used to be the old Mickeys'. The old firetruck inside is super cool! Good layout, patios are always nice and good idea to have the two bars inside. We caught the end of an MMA fight and then stayed to have a few beers. The music the DJ was playing was great! I think the three of us would've busted a move....if we weren't the only ones who looked like we wanted to.....
3	Well I've been to this place for happy hour and it's decent. Nothing too exciting about it. It wasn't that busy. The food was all right. The service was all right. There was some trouble getting the bill straightened out. I think might have taken longer than the actually waiting for food. The sweet potato fries were pretty yummy, but they were yummy when the place use to be Mickey's Hangover. The place did undergo some layout changes from then. I think the flow is better now. They're patio space is still great. They even have some games set up to play. Now, I've been here after hitting up the clubs, since the place is great for after hours. People get to hang out, sober up, and get their eats on. I'm not a big fan of it at times, since it's where all the douche bags seem to gravitate towards and are super worse, since they're inebriated lol. But aside from them, the other people there are entertaining and the music is pretty good.
5	we needed a NYE hangout for 2011/2012 and since we liked it so much on a random beer stop weeks ago, we decided to try our luck for New Years at Firehouse. and what a great pick it was!we arrived around 9pm (free Ciroq vodka drinks until 10pm) to have some vodka drinks. my wife got in free, and i had to pay 20bucks but it was worth it. of course we couldn't sit the whole night because all the tables and seats had been reserved. but no matter. the place was packed and then around 11pm, it became even MORE packed. the music was bumpin and the place was hoppin. their DJ is one of the best i've ever heard in a bar/club. before long, the dance floor was full of folks dancing the year away. it wasn't so packed that you'd get bumped and slammed every 10 seconds, but it was full of dancing. the staff, especially the bouncers, were surprisingly nice. they all seemed to be serious but smiling. the bartenders, working furiously, never made us wait longer than a few seconds to get us our drinks. an all around great venue for New Years Eve!
4	Firehouse seems to get worked into our Old Town rotation no matter what we are doing. Going out? Firehouse. Late night munchies? Firehouse. Brunch? Firehouse. Sports? Firehouse. The food here is actually pretty good. The last time I was here some guy was eating a breakfast pizza that looked porn. It had white gravy, cheese, sausage, bacon, and was topped off with three over easy eggs. I'm definitely getting that next time. Everything I have tried here is pretty tasty for bar food and I swear they have the best waffle fries in town!Drinks prices are always reasonable and every Sunday you can get bottomless mimosas for $5. There is a diverse mix of people during the day but at night Firehouse transforms into a nightclub and attracts an under 30 crowd. I will continue to come here for the come as you are atmosphere, reasonable prices, and friendly service.
5	I been going to Firehouse since it opened towards the end of 2010. I have had everything on the meny and everything is amazing. I tend to go more on the weekend and happy hour. The staff is always extremely friendly and their pricing on food is great and portions are huge!
1	This place is terrible. Came here on my visit to Scottsdale and a fight broke out knocking into my girlfriend and I. Will never return.
4	I do really like this place. The music is better than the majority of the other Old Town clubs and it's just a fun atmosphere. The DJ's they have are very nice. Pretty much every time I've come here, I've had a good time. The only recommendation I have is DO NOT arrive when it is approaching after-hours. You will stand in line FOREVER while (I think) the bars are clearing out the liquor and such.. It becomes 18+ at this point which is SO WACK in my opinion. Plus my feet were killing me standing there for so long waiting for the place to open back up. The after-hours is not at all a club atmosphere. The music is turned down very low, and it's more like a sober-up-before-you-go home destination. But get there around 11:30pm or midnight and you'll have a blast. :)
4	I liked this place a lot better than The Lodge. This place is a club, no doubt about it. It has a nice patio area if the music is getting too loud. The DJ was playing some great music. I was dancing with this girl and her boyfriend came up to me and said, "If you keep dancing with my girlfriend we're going to have problems." Haha. I thought that was nicer than taking action first. LOL.The ratio was good here and I definitely remember having a good time and lots of people being friendly. There was also a busload full of lingerie ladies taking erotic photos near the DJ. I suppose it was a promotion but I never got the whole story. I am a fan of Firehouse.
3	We stopped by Firehouse before a spring training game this year, as they were about the only place that didn't have an hour wait for brunch. And while looking online the menu looked good. So, myself and about 8 others stopped in. The food was great, some had breakfast and some had lunch. I had the Philly, it was yummy and the waffle fries were great, everything else looked yummy too. We had a few warm up rounds of bloody marys and mimosas.... I was in a happy place. Until the bill came, and I realized each of my bloody marys were $10 a piece. Wow! I don't think I have ever paid over $6 for a BM, in Scottsdale even. Not a drinking spot on the weekends for me anymore. Everything else was great. I have even been by a time or two at night, very clubby. I even heard a story about my birthday, which I do not remember, surprise surprise, that I decided to swing on the swing that says "Do not swing." But honestly, who puts a swing on a patio with drunk people and expects them not to swing on it. Hello?!?! Stupid much?
5	I love this place. I loved it when it was Mickey's and now it's even better.If you haven't been there, or even if you have, check it out. SNYDER RULES!!!!!
4	Great bar and way packed!Loved the music here and despite the crowd the drinks were poured pretty fast. Love that there were all walks of life here...though a bit on the younger side of 20 somethings. Love the firetruck with the poles.
1	I had never been to Old Town Scottsdale as a 21 year old before.  I had no desire to, either, because I assumed it was a bunch of douche bag bars, which is not my scene.  But some of my friends who had also never been to Old Town wanted to go, and somebody suggested Firehouse.  Much to my surprise, it was a bunch of douchebags!! Oh wait, that was not surprising.  I was there for about 20 minutes and was never offered a drink, not that I wanted a drink tying me down to that place anyways.  We left pretty quickly.  I guess if you like loud music, slow service, sloppy drunks, and grinding on Jersey Shore look alikes, you would like this place.  I didn't.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Firehouse, but somehow, every time we're in Old Town, we end up there.  They have a huge patio, and indoor dance floor, a game of bags outside and they have a lounge area just inside the doors.  I've only been here during the nightclub hours (9pm-2am).  It's good for the young and single people, but if you're attached and over the club scene, don't go here.  I'm just not into shouting to the person right next to me, because the music is so loud (the patio is not so loud though).
4	Came here on a Saturday. Was recommended to go here by a friend.  No cover.  This place was packed.  And had no A/C or probably because some areas had no wall to seal the cool air in?  We had fun here but it was freakin hot!  Music was good.We went to get drinks at the bar.  One of the guys at the front bar poured us patron shots.  He sucked at pouring.  How can you pour wrong?  He poured less than a shot, more like 1/2-3/4 a shot.  My friends paid for it, but if I did he's get a shitty tip!We went back on dance floor for a little more.  The place was getting too packed and hot, so we decided to hop to another joint...My friend who lives in AZ said this is like the best place to be in Scottsdale, which was true compared to the other places we went to that night.
4	Oh my gosh, this place was so fun! I went the Sunday before Labor Day during the early evening and it was not packed at all. I'm not sure it if was because of the time or the time of the day but it was not ridiculously jammed inside. If you check in on Foursquare you get a free shot. The shots were big too! No, little dinky ones and the bartender will mix you up so don't think you get to choose. THe decor is sweet too. Old vintage, raggity couches and chairs but they're nice to sit on. There's a cab of an old firetruck too. I don't know how you get to be a cool kid and sit inside but it certainly adds to the decor. I would love to go back here on a Friday or a Saturday night.
4	Not bad Firehouse, not bad at all...This was my first bar I ever went to in Scottsdale. Been here twice so far.So! The DJ's are pretty good, and while they mix it up from time to time it's primarily  a rotation of rap/electronic/dubstep and of course classics like House of Pain's "Jump Around." The only gripe is that because this place is so popular, the dance floor crowds up really easily and it becomes an elbow match between dancers. It's hard to navigate through the mass of peoples to get to the back bar, but once you get back there there's enough space to stand around and admire the floor.Also, the outside patio is nice and provides enough space to sit or stand to catch your breath. Drinks are decent price too.If they had a bit more room on the floor and maybe took one or two of the couches that sit against the wall, away, it'd give more people some breathing room. Other than that though, definitely coming back to this place!
4	Fun bar to hit for a night out as well as a good place to watch college football on the weekends. Appetizer specials, free shots when ASU scores, a big screen to watch the game on and a good rowdy crowd of fans.Food was decent besides the mozzarella sticks...those were weird...pass 'em up.
3	I have been to this bar many times, typically it is a good time.  The food is really good, was there yesterday watching Sunday football & I had the mac & cheese with chicken & bacon added, best Mac & Cheese i've ever had & there are a few bars in old town that have really good Mac & Cheese.  My friend had the chicken fingers & loved them, they were cooked to perfection!  I rate this place a 3 instead of a 4 or 5 because the bartenders are not very engaging & take quite a while to get a drink.  The waitress's are awesome, very attentive, & typically beautiful.  We were sitting in the back of the bar near the bathroom & she was over by our table every few minutes, went outside for a smoke & she was working the outside patio as well, very impressed!  The other negative mark I have is I went there a week ago on a Saturday night, it was only 830PM & I went to watch the second half of the Oregon Ducks football game & it wasn't on.  Even though this place has a TON of tv's they had one music video on all tv's.  I asked a bouncer why the game wasn't on & was told that they had a DJ there for the night who played his music video's on the tv's, seemed kind of stupid since this is one of the best places to watch football.
3	Went here for happy hour, but unfortunately went on the wrong night, since it was pretty dead.  Heard good things from co-workers about it, so I decided to check it out.  Had the hot wings, which were just OK.  The waffle fries were crispy, so I definitely liked them.  Appears to be typical bar food, which is cool.  Drinks were good and will have to check it out on a night when ASU is playing, since that's when the crowd arrives.
2	I'm not really a fan. We went there on a weekend once and it was crazy and crowded. We ordered some food and didn't find it to be that good. The service was non-existent and we had to track down a server ourselves a few times. It might be a good place to party, but its not a good place to eat.
3	There is outside sitting but no tvs. The sitting inside and tv positions are hard to watch the game unless you have sits directly facing the movie screens. The food select wasn't very good either. I was there on Sunday to watch the football games.
5	This place is always packed and a good time. Very open environment.
5	I'm upping my starrage here. Starrage is a word. Do not argue with me.I now know one of the partners/owners here, and he is a cool-ass mofo. And recently, the DJ was bumping Pharcyde and A. SKILLZ OMFG. Yeah, I have been known to give 4-5 star reviews solely because of the DJ. So what! Good music is such a rare thing that when I hear it, it brings complete joy to my very soul. That's deep, yo. But everyone is friendly here, unlike other Scottsdale spots. Dranks are strong, although I think the prices were upped recently. Oh well, still relatively cheap. I have never eaten here weirdly enough. I've never even been during daylight. Can't speak for their food, guess I'll have to try it someday.Good service, nice people, no cover, good music, ROAR!Thank you.
1	Gross..went to this place on a Sunday and the bathrooms were disgusting. No toilet paper or paper towels to be found. When I addressed w management my reply was well its the end of the weekend. Soooo you only clean your bathroom on Friday?? The first thing I want in a restaurant/bar is a bathroom to use, this to me is a minor detail that should be primary when management comes in for every shift. Instead you have employees standing around doing nothin!
4	One of my favorite places to hang out (or let my hair down and hit the dance floor)!It's always pretty packed here (depending on time of day) and service has always been excellent everytime I go there. Love the firehall decor theme - and the stand-up martial arts dummy by the entrance. I have a strange tradition of hitting this dummy in the head everytime I go to FH.Especially great place if there's a game on - since they have TVs mounted from every angle of the place. Only gripe I really have is pricing. $10 for a Bloody Mary?!? I haven't tried any of the food here yet, so don't have any feedback on that...Keep up the great work!
3	Review for a Sunday night, based on alcohol and entertainment...DJ is different, but I love it. Played a mix of blues, jazz, hip hop and techno. Designated dance floor. Literally, you won't sit down.Drinks are decent. I've had stronger and better. They were slammed because of the superbowl, so they ran out of cranberry juice (lol) and it took forever to get our drinks.The crowd suuucks. It was such a weird mix of people. Most of the girls were drunk and stumbling everywhere, and the guys couldn't handle rejection... so they'd fight with you in the middle of the dance floor if you turned them away (good God.)Don't know if I'd check it out again.
2	Ok this place is hit and miss. No cover, but then there are the Scottsdale dbags. The music and the atmosphere are good, but if your trying to get a drink when its busy good luck! Literally tried to get the bartenders attention for 25 minutes.. yelling, waving hands, singing out loud. Ha thats fine I have no problem spending my money somewhere else
4	We hit Firehouse for the first time on Friday, and I can see why several of my friends will hang out here most of the night.It's really big compared to most of the clubs in Old Town. There is no technical, cordoned-off dance floor, but people just get up and groove next to the tables on the floor. There's plenty of seating, on that note - big cozy booths that comfortably fit 6 people, or tables for 4 on the floor, plus the really long bar.  It looks like a warehouse with red and black "fire engine" decor - really cool vibe.The DJ was playing a nice mix of top 40s music and he actually knew how to fade songs in and out of each other and not mess up the beat. He also wasn't doing little 30 second snippets of songs (a super annoying pet peeve to me), you got a solid 2 minutes of your favorite jam. Kudos for getting a decent DJ!I'd give them the 5th star if they got a requisite fireman's pole and stuck a go-go dancer on it - that would be awesome.
4	This place is great for many reasons.  If there's a game on, it's a perfect sports bar.  If it's nice weather, they've got an awesome patio with cornhole boards set up.  If you want to party, they've got a great dance floor, strong drinks, and an awesome crowd.  Definitely worth checking out.
1	I thought this place was really fun and great at the time, but a few days later when looking over my credit statement, I noticed that they had charged me a $5 tip on a $7 drink.  I wasn't even drunk at the bar and know that even had I been hammered, that is not a tip I would have left - I usually leave $1 per drink.  Very disappointed in the experience, because I'm sure they are doing this to many people, but it most likely goes unnoticed.  The only reason I even checked my credit card so thoroughly is because I'm trying to keep track of the amount I spend while I'm on vacation.  If you have the chance, go somewhere else where they won't scam you, or if you do happen to go to this bar, check your credit card later!
2	Uh, when did this place become all Studio 54 on us? Last couple of times I was in here - no big deal, just a good smattering of casual, low-key good-timers hanging out, sipping a few brews, playing ping pong...Fast forward to last night and...oh, how trendy we've become, when the self-important gatekeepers let people in the 50 foot long queue, apparently, whenever they feel the need to (read, 20 min. wait in line while they banter with 16-year old looking ASU barbie dolls and women who feel they need to be well over 6 feet tall, so wear stilleto heels when they are 5'10" plus already...what is this neurosis about being a fucking giraffe, anyhow?) Couldn't get anywhere near the main bar. It was a ridiculous pile of alpha-male moronic mojo. I will say the chick at the "drink tub" was totally chill and the cost of a tall can of PBR and shot of Fireball was only $5. But, bottom line - this is yet another Snottsdale club so full of itself that its patrons walk around in a crowded-out "we're so Hollywood...right?" daze that makes me nauseous and want to pound my drink and go back to Lowkeyland, way out beyond the fake plastic eyes and personalities.
5	This review is based off of my only experience here late on a Saturday night. I think it may have a different atmosphere the other nights of the week, or earlier in the day. My girlfriends and I generally go to San Diego to have a night out, and let our hair down. We thought going to Old Town Scottsdale would be a nice switch up. Unfortunately, we were not impressed with the places recommended by hotel staff. So we started walking back to our hotel way earlier than we initially wanted to. We passed Firehouse on our way, and decided to pop in as a last ditch effort to save the night. I'm so glad that we did! There was a line, but it was less than 5 minutes. Guys checking IDs were nice. It was packed. Despite how busy it was, you could get a drink pretty fast, and the bartenders are generous. The music was mostly hip hop/top 40's and the DJ did an amazing job. There were two bars, and the only time we left the dancefloor was to slip to the bar in the back for a drink. The other patrons were polite, and fun. No lack of people offering to take a group photo or two for us. The dancefloor did get hot. The bathrooms were a bit of a mess, but manageable.
2	Not a friendly experience. I went out with a group of friends for my cousins birthday. As soon as I walked in we were sweating. You think that in the summer months in Arizona a business would have air conditioning, but I guess not. After standing in front of the bar for ten minutes we still were not helped even though it was not busy. One of my girlfriends and I ordered some drinks which we discovered had no alcohol in them and when I told the bartender she just shrugged her shoulder at me and walked away. To top it off another worker came over and asked my friend and I to get up because he needed our barstools. One of our friends asked him why he's taking away chairs from ladies sitting in them and he just told us someone else needed them. Needless to say we left after that and will not be back.
1	I live in Scottsdale and yes they have good music but every time I go here there are extra charges on my credit card! And I mean every time! Never go here unless you want to get robbed! I ordered two of the same drinks but yet there were two different amounts on each tab. I ordered three drinks total and my first drink was a grey goose and soda totaling $10. I tipped $2 which is 20 percent. When it hit my account the amount was $19.25. This is one of many times that this has happened not only to me but my wife as well. These people are thieves and should be held accountable. If this has happened to you please post your story.
2	If you like when bartenders add in additional tips on top of your already generous one, then this is the place for you!  I live in Scottsdale and have been coming to Firehouse since it opened.  DJ is fun and the dancing is cool when you're drunk enough, but don't let it fool you!  They WILL add in extra money on your card and sometimes will straight up say they dont have your card anymore. This has happened to us 9-10+ times, and apparently we never learn our lesson.  Exhibit A: Email from my husband after visiting Sunday 06/30"Firehouse put like an $8 dollar tip on $10!!!! I tipped $2. I kept two of my three receipts and the one I didn't keep is the one where they added the tip. They should be investigated. I know they added it because the pending amount was $9 something and the posted amount is $19.25"If you just can't help yourself, and have to go in there...pay in cash!  But seriously, there's plenty of better places that will value your business and won't be greedy yahoos that nickel and dime you.  Go somewhere else!!
3	It is a difficult thing to open a club or bar and keep a high level of popularity over a long period of time. Maybe it's the word-of-mouth marketing, the good-looking staff or the overall atmosphere, but Firehouse is a force to be reckoned with. Personally, I believe the late-night hours are the real draw here. Open until 4am, Firehouse is one of the few places in Old Town to offer food and a trendy bar atmosphere after last call at 2am.The only food I've ever had at Firehouse was their wings about six months back, so my rating is based on my experience as a bar and night-life hotspot. So regarding the crowd, Firehouse is populated with your casually dressed, early to late 20s, 'let's get drunk' type of people. This is a really fun thing as someone who's partaking, but as a frequent DD, it can be a little irritating. I can't hold that against them, because that really goes for any bar in the area.Only a few bars in the area have a good dance floor, and this is definitely one of them. The house DJs and premade mixes are always suited for keeping the energy high. As opposed to a lot of the clubs that have put their focus towards EDM (Electronic Dance Music), Firehouse keeps the hits flowing, whether new or old. All it takes is track from Tupac, like California Love to keep the vibe going.It's worth making a stop at Firehouse if you're looking for a fun and event filled night. Worst case scenario, if the crowd inside is too much, it's always fun to hang out on the patio area where the music isn't as loud and it isn't as packed with Old Town partiers.[This review is based on my visit on July 27, 2013]
5	Yes, it's three in the morning. And yes, I'm completely smashed. But dog-gonnit, that's some of the best Mac and cheese that I've ever put in my face-hole!!!
1	I went there this weekend with a bachelorette party of 12 women.  We got there early so there was maybe a dozen people in the club.  I have been here before and I know the music here is great for dancing.  We got a table, and paid the $40 minimum tip they required, and we started dancing.  It didn't fill up until around 12 with people so we were there the entire night, and we were there paying for tons of drinks while the bar was near empty.  Then at 1:30 am in the morning the security guard who has tattoos everywhere, spiky hair, who thinks he is tough, came up to me and said I had to leave our table because he has it reserved for someone else.  Funny because we were here from 9:30pm until now, paying the server the whole night.  He told me I was a liar, and that I had to leave.  All the women's purses were here and I told him we had the table the entire night, all the women were off dancing so we would need 5 minutes at least (we were planning on leaving anyways).  He said no I couldn't have 5 minutes, he didn't care, and got up in my face.  Then I overheard him talking to the guys who replaced our table and they were his friends, not paying customers that he was screaming at me about telling me how my whole table was not a paying customer, and how I was a liar.  The server was gone half the night, we had to go up to the bar, and now I will never recommend this place because of the inconsiderate security guard, and staff, who were so RUDE when we did nothing wrong!!!!!!
2	We were celebrating my husbands birthday, so after dinner in Old Town we stopped over here for drinks around 9:30 on Saturday night. It was still quiet and they had sports playing on the large tvs. Our group of 7 got a great spot on one of the couches where we sat and relaxed and ordered drinks.  Around 10 they started playing music, and I've always thought they play really good stuff here. About 10:30 we were asked to give up our spot, for potential bottle service customers. I feel if you arrive early enough to grab a couch, and you're actively ordering drinks and being a good customer, you shouldn't be asked to move.  I realize bottle service is a money maker for the bar, but it sent the message that "their money is better than your money". It left the 7 of us standing around, so we decided to take our celebration and money elsewhere.
2	agreed. just like the wife said...but what was so snobbery about the whole thing was that there were 5 other "couches", completely empty, that the bottle service party could have been seated. when asked if we could sit there until we finished our drinks, our waitress replied "oh, those have been taken as well". it should be noted that the 6 people in our group probably make triple the income and spend a great deal more on our local scene than the 15-ish people at the "table service" area. way to go....
3	I have an extreme love-hate relationship with this place.  It is the epitome of Scottsdale douchery: drunk artards, stumbling floozies, college kids, v-neck T's that are too small, skirts that are too short, bitchy service, poles to dance on, lines for the bathroom, disgustingly trashed bathrooms etc. But alas I have trolled into Firehouse at the wee hours of the night and danced my booty off and had a blast...I probably qualified as one of those idiots I spoke of above.  I have met one cool bartender.  The drinks usually have a relatively heavy pour.  The music is generally always pumping groovy tunes that you can't help but move to.  I can't speak to the food, but I do know they serve food late night.  I have been here during the day a few times and it was pretty dead, but the people I met were very cool and definitely deep into some day drinking.  I really can't complain all that much, in general it is a good time, if you can get past the annoyances...a few drinks helps with this ;)
3	Alright let's set the mood. So I was there on a Friday night with some people. So you enter through the outdoor patio, walk on into the dance floor and there's two bars inside to make it more convenient for you, one at both ends of the building. The music is more hip-hop/rap and the crowd is in their early 20's to mid 40's. There's nice tables for reservations if you're interested, and you can dance on top of the couches while holding the ceiling bars or just sit down on top of them if you prefer that. Some people even danced on the tables while holding the ceiling bars. The dance floor is actually quite large and the bathrooms are nice. Yelp needs to consider this a dance club as well as a bar. The energy definitely died down around 1am, so try to go before then. I didn't really find it quite special, just a nice little bar and club place. But if you like cozy and you like hip-hop, this is where you need to be. I personally like large dance clubs so as you can see, not the place for me.
4	OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH This place. If you want to people watch, this is the place to go. This seems like the stripper hangout late night Sunday/Monday mornings? I'M NOT ONE TO JUDGE, but if you're breaking down into the splits and popping your ass I know you had to practice to do all that, that is not a natural talent. I''ve seen more lap dances happen here than I have seen happen at a strip club. There is a younger crowd on the weekends, yet it seems like relationship city, maybe I was just there on an off night? But it seemed like that ditsy Scottsdale girl, her clueless boyfriend and awkward 3rd wheel friend standing in the center of the dance floor doing their best imitation of the miley cyrus twerk. God, this sounds so harsh, but it really is just an accurate depiction of whats going on here. The bouncers are all great and the servers are SUPER sweet and down to earth. I guess I like the staff more than the clientele. They are open late night! So if youre done drinking at 2 and arent quite ready for your Jack in the Box run... you can come dance here till 4!
4	Had a blast here. Good company & good music makes for a great time. Good service in the VIP.
1	I was told by a bouncer that this was a good late night spot to eat.  I showed up at 2am and had to wait for them to clear out the drunk idiots.  Then I was informed it was a $5 cover to come in and eat a $12 burger.  On a date so I paid it.  NEVER AGAIN.  what a joke.  You should be happy people even come to eat and you have the nerves to charge $5 cover.  WTF
1	This place is trash. The guy at the door called me fat (uhh what, 110 pounds is fat? LOL okay). Then the short ugly manager wouldn't listen to me when I complained. He also told my friend she could pee outside when she said she had to use the bathroom.  Yeahhh ... Don't recommend.
1	Typical patrons bros, management team bunch of bros and droid up with ed hardy tattoos. Should you go there, unless you are into that do not go. There plenty other good places around
1	Can't wait until this place goes down. Few years back, this place was the spot but now, it has trashy waitresses and good for nothing bouncers. Decided to bring my friend and his brother who serves in the navy, submarines to be exact where he spends 6 months under the sea. Simply wanted to show them a good time, esp after having gone for numerous yrs. The bouncer had the nerve to say "i could care less for what service your friend provides for me or this country, my only concern is if this club makes money." after commenting how rude he was being. Disgusted with the service.
1	Basically a glorified strip club, the same stench of desperation lingering in the air. Disgusting. At least get good looking girls if you're operating a strip club and naming it a bar.
3	Went here for Sunday Funday yesterday. This is more of a dance club come sundown, but I saw it I the bright rays of the AZ sun. The beer was cheap and cold. the bartender was awesome, funny and sarcastic, my kinda guy. We took a seat and began to drink, which is what we do. Because it's Sunday, the day you get to do what you like. And we like beer. We enjoyed the weather. Everyone at the bar was having a good time. Lotsa crawlers (it IS whiskey row). We finally caved and ordered wings. The menu is limited. Bar pies, burgers, wings. But they brag about being rated #1, so I was on that. They were "okay" We tried the 5 Alarm and the medium, neither was too darn hot, I don't need to eat them again, but they were not bad. This place cranks on weekend nights. Lots of young singles dressed to the nines (that means clean T shirts for the men and mini dresses for the women). So come and try it out. I have included a pic of my wings so you can decide if you wanna try...
1	The cliental and standards have gone way down hill here.  Sunday F*ckday, really ?
1	I'm not really sure what happened to Firehouse. I used to love coming here with my friends to dance and have a good time but now it's not worth it. You have to pay at the door and it's really trashy. A bar that was once very casual and friendly is now just a rip off of a club with fake people. Welcome to Scottsdale.
5	Great bar! Very friendly staff! Joe is an amazing bartender! Highly recommend this place!
