5	The story line was amazing. The actors were very talented. I was completely freaked out and stressed on what was next or around the corner. You would never know that this haunted house was new this year due to the creativity and story line that the creators gave to their audience. Will definitely be visiting again and recommending friends. The price was cheaper than any haunted house in the valley and the story line was better that the other haunted houses. Great Job
5	Took the family on Saturday night, we had too much fun! The actors were great, along with the outside staff. Can't wait to go again, we will be bringing friends.
5	Very talented people put this on. Awesome! Go check it out you won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome characters, better  they have you go in with small groups rather than huge groups getting pushed through like other haunted houses..
5	Haven't been to a haunted house since I was a very young girl and had been too scared to go to one ever since. I gathered the courage and went with my husbands protection. While my eyes were covered with my hands a good portion of the time, from what I did see the actors were very well done in makeup and costumes and so creepy scary. My husband said the props were very cool. I couldn't bear to look at them. Super fun and a good time. Not for the faint of heart.
3	Every Halloween season, it is a tradition to go to as many haunted houses as I can. When I heard about House of screams and wicked dreams, I was surprised by the long name. House of screams is definitely just enough for a name. I then heard the news of the production team of Jack and Jill's joining the House of screams team. I was genuinely excited because Jack and Jill's was my favorite house last year! Last weekend I finally got the chance to go to house of screams, but I was highly disappointed. The production was actually pretty good, but It wasn't scary. The animatronics were not working, they would go off late after you passed them up. Some of the actors literally said the word, "Grrrrrr." The rooms were too spaced out, and they had many opportunities to scare us but didn't take them. There were a few actors that were very good. One that I point to in particular was a girl with long black hair. I was genuinely creeped out. This has the makings of being a great haunted house. But right now, it still needs tons of work and love. Things they need to fix:AnimatronicsStatues that do nothingWork on timing with actorsMore detailSmaller spacesGet rid of clowns, or do something different with them.Things that are great:A few of the actorsThe story, although it needs a little workGood conceptsSome productionThis could be a great haunted house!
5	I'm impressed. Very good value in comparison to the other haunted houses in the valley and way scarier.  Went yesterday with my wife and my ears are still ringing from her consistent screams. Great actors and props. We were both satisfied and will return. If you want to be scared, you can't miss this house.
3	It's the first year that this haunted house has been open. I talked to the lady in front, by the door, and she was telling me that it was a family business and they had been practicing in their garage, i believe, for years.The sets were done pretty well. The actors were not as scary as hoped. A few of them were great, though! About 3 of them really did creep me out. I would recommend a little be more prosthetics and makeup on some of them though. Some of the makeup wasn't as professional as others. I would recommend improving that.It was a fun experience and I would go again because the environment was so great!!
5	Wow! This house is pretty amazing for their first year being here. I went to Fear Farm and House of Screams in one night, first Fear Farm and I've gone a few times and it still failed to amuse me, money kind of wasted. I spent about 30-40 minutes at Fear Farm and about 15 minutes of total wait time. The houses were a bit lengthy but it was the usual scare and pretty obvious tricks. So going home on the I-17 I decided to stop at this place and check it out since I never heard of it. To be honest I thought it was going to be pretty lame and a waste of time but you can't knock it 'till you try it right? So once we got in line and bought my tickets the total came to about $42 bucks as to Fear Farm they were $60+. I'm not easy to scare and at Fear Farm I probably startled once or twice. At this place I was startled or a kind of scared from beginning to end, it was amazingly well set-up and they wait for the groups that you go with to get pretty far that you don't catch up to them and you see everything before it happens. They have very good scare tactics and their props and actors are excellent! Needless to say I spent less money here and was definitely worth it, if I never spent the money on Fear Farm I'd go again. But I'll wait until next year. I definitely recommend this place over the others. Well done House of Screams! You've earned a loyal customer and I will bring more friends next time. :)
