5	How can you go wrong with Cheesecake. My favorite dish is the Chicken Picatta with a extra side of the sauce with a ice cold cup of their passion ice tea. Man it just makes my mouth water thinking about it. I'm so stuff after eating, I barely have no room for dessert but that never stops me from ordering a piece to take home for a late night snack.
5	I had to write a review about this place because I just read Will F.'s review.  My fave dish is the Chicken Picatta, too... yum!!!!!  My second favorite would have to be the Cajun Chicken Littles... and that is a very, very close second!  I love all the dipping sauces-- especially their ranch!  You have to ask for it because it doesn't come with the dish.  This location is always super busy...but probably not as busy as the Caesar's one. My favorite cheesecakes are, in no special order: original, white chocolate raspberry, banana cream, and cookie dough.  My favorite non-cheesecake dessert there is definitely Linda's Chocolate Cake.  It is super moist and chocolatey!!  Also love their strawberry lemonade!!
3	I celebrated my 29th birthday here with my cousins.  I love them with all my heart.  I don't think I could be who I am today if I didn't have my cousins to grow up with.  For my 29th, they took me to Cheesecake Factory at Boca Park.  Also, I was here to celebrate my 30th birthday with my parents, and I hung out with one of my friend's here.  No, I'm not a Cheesecake Factory Lover, for some reason I would end up here from time to time.You don't need a reservation, however at times you'll find your self waiting if you don't have a reservation.  Most of the time it's on a Friday and Saturday that's it's busy.  But what restaurant isn't busy on those two days?  What I like about this spot is the fact it's a huge facility.  When I entered through the huge double doors that seem to reach the ceiling, I found how clean it was.  There was not a trash on site.  The restaurant was super clean and well kept.  I was very impressed by that.Upon seating, I notice that servers aren't really great.  They always seem to be in a hurry and don't take the time.  I always felt like I was being hurried.  If I took my time, they take forever to get back to me before I can order.  This always happened here.Let's start with appetizers.  I liked their Fire Roasted Artichokes.  I thought that was a good choice.  It took a long time to get through it but you don't feel so full after eating it.  Their Fried Calamari was just mediocre.  It had too much flour on it and it wasn't as plumpy or juicy as Philippino's make it.  My dad makes them better.  Another you can't go wrong with is the Hot Spinach and Cheese Dip.  It's a good starter and isn't too salty.  As for the negatives, don't order their Lettuce Wraps.  It's just not good enough, even to compare to P.F. Chang's.   The only entree I can remember that I liked was the Meat Loaf.  It tasted very good and was very filling.  The serving portions are so great that you can even take it home with you and eat the rest for lunch the next day.  I only go here if I don't feel like thinking about what to eat and where to go.  Maybe that's why I always end up here.
4	I think this place is a great choice for food for a couple of reasons: price, location, food and outdoor seating.  Located in Boca Park near Suncoast and Badlands Golf Course, it is part of shopping complex that has many draws besides the restaurant.The average price for this excellent quality of food is around $10-$15 dollars for an entree.  The desserts (the Cheesecakes, of course) are anywhere from $6 to $8.  I ordered Chicken Madiera with Steak Diane (a combo plate) that cost $19.99.  They bring out a couple different types of bread before your meal that will hold you over for the 30-45 minute wait for food (this place is usually always busy).The food itself, I believe, is excellent.  it may not be at every location but with a Gordon Biersch next door, they have to step up the quality.  The steak I had was complimented nicely with mashed potatoes that weren't simply mashed potatoes; the meat was covered in a tasty mushroom wine sauce while the chicken was topped with fresh asparagus and melted mozzarella cheese (also with a mushroom sauce).The desserts are excellent as well...they should be considering the name of the restaurant.  We had the Vanilla Bean (my son will only eat Vanilla) and Chocolate Oreo Mudslide Cheesecakes; both were rich and tasty and something we would order again.The service here is as to be expected for such a busy restaurant.  We sat outside where there are fans and mist machines to keep you cool.  It was much quieter and less cramped; you also have a nice view of either the condo's next to Suncoast or the valley below.The menu is expansive, I only covered what I ate, but I would try many other dishes here (I have in the past, all have been excellent).  The restaurant looks a lot fancier and expensive than it really is.  There isn't a kids menu so plan to order a full meal for them or just share like I did...there is plenty to go around!
4	The first time I went here was when I was a freshman back at UNLV in '96.  I went to the one in Caesar's Palace.  Wow, was I amazed, probably because coming from Maui we didn't have too many places like this.  It was busy, bustling with lots of people, and lots of good food and drink.  It was one of the better dining experiences I remember.This review comes from the Cheesecake Factory in Boca Park.  I took my gf's daughter there for her 6th birthday (a very important time for a little one).  It was just her and me.  This was her first time here (that she can remember) and she was just as awestruck as I was when I first saw the place.  The decor can be considered a mix of new and old, big, tall front doors, the ambience with lots of mood lighting and tall ceilings.  It almost seems like you're stepping into a 5 star restaurant.  That is until, you see dad in his khaki shorts and mom with her summer sandals.  Which is nice, because it makes the place seem less pompous and more friendly.I really like the food here.  I love the big portions and the mix of American, Italian, and Asian food they serve.  After seating us, we received our complimentary bread basket which I usually look forward to.  They give the usual 2 types of bread, a crusty french bread, and a wonderful wheat pumpernickel type bread.  It's really good but only when it's hot and fresh, so make sure if your server gives you a cold basket you request a new fresh one.I don't usually have any appetizers here because I like to save room for the large entree (which I never finish) and possibly some cheesecake (well...duh, it's Cheesecake Factory), but I have heard folks say that their Thai Lettuce Wraps are definitely worth trying.  Their Factory Nachos with chicken is a pretty big platter as well and is great for sharing.I for some reason always order the same thing when I go to a place I like.  This time was no different.  I got my fav, the DOUBLE B.B.Q. BACON CHEESEBURGER.  I LOVE this thing.  It's a double-decker Angus burger with a BBQ-ranch sauce, cheddar cheese, bacon, crispy fried onions, lettuce and tomato.  You also get a side on fries.  This bad boy well over a  pound once you put it together.  I can never get the thing in my mouth so I gotta eat it in layers.  I always end up eating only half, and take the other half home for a nice midnight snack.  This burger is SOOOO good, you gotta try it.The little one got FETTUCINI WITH CHICKEN AND SUN-DRIED TOMATOES.  Smart kid, this dish cost me around $16  (almost TWICE the price of my burger)...and here I thought she wanted to order off the kids menu.  Quick note **this place has NO kids menu** so if you bring them in they order off the big people menu too.  I thought she wanted chicken fingers...she was like, "No, I want white sauce".  Lucky birthday girl...white sauce it is!  The fettuccini comes in a nice size bowl, and was flavored excellently.  It has this garlic cream-parmesan sauce that was very creamy and rich and complimented the grilled chicken well.  It also has sun-dried tomatoes on it, which I like, but the little one thought they were gross so I had to put them on the side.  For a kid that weighs only 45 pounds, she nearly killed that pasta.  She ate a good 3/4 of it by herself.  You can tell she liked it because she had a ring of white cream sauce around her lips.  So funny!You can't go to the Cheesecake Factory and NOT try their cheesecake!  That's like going to gym and not working out (although I may have done that once..or twice).  They have like over 50 cheesecakes you can choose from, and they range from about $6 -$8 a slice.  A bit pricey, but worth it for some stellar cheesecake.  You're not supposed to have more than one slice at a time anyway.  We didn't get any cheesecake this trip (the little one said 'Eww' to cheesecake and settled on her complimentary birthday sundae), which makes my first sentence in this paragraph a little contradictory.  Oh well.  But I can tell you my favorites are Tres Leches cheesecake (so dreamy), and the Oreo cheesecake (full of Oreo chunks).  Great for an end to your dining.  You can also request to take a slice of cheesecake to go and your server will pack it up for you in a nice little cheesecake container to take with you.  All in all it was a nice time.  The little one enjoyed her pasta, her pint-sized birthday sundae, and the Happy Birthday singing from some of the servers.  I always enjoy going here, great food and great service.SO GO.  HAVE SOMETHING TO EAT, GET SOME WINE, AND END WITH SOME CHEESECAKE.  ENJOY!
3	I give you three stars Cheesecake Factory, for being what Family Guy calls, the practice girl.  You're always around when I need a pick up, you're not too fussy, and at the end of the night if I don't want to call you the next day, I don't have to and you don't mind. Food is priced pretty average, no meal should cost you more than 20 bucks if you don't get the cheesecake, but by all means, get the cheesecake, it's why you came after all.In fact, a friend and I only go here for cheesecake, our once every six month hang out to dish over life at our respective colleges and stuff our faces with white chocolate raspberry truffle and godiva chocolate cheesecake respectively. They also give decent breads and are in a nice plaza with other similiarly wish-I-was-in-LA-Summerlin-boutiques and a new Gordon Biersch next door when you want to start slamming them down and accepting your life as the Real Housewives of Las Vegas. Cheers to you soccer mom, Cheesecake Factory is your Ketchup with class.
3	Typical American Fare, good food great atmosphere food is more of generic not really known for Signature Dishes.
4	There is nothing special about this particular Cheesecake Factory, other than I was just there last night.  The food is good as expected.  Their Mojitos are also very good.  I tried all four - regular, pomegranate, passionfruit, and pineapple - and have to say the pomegranate is my favorite.
5	One of my all-time favorite places to eat. Big portions and the food is delicious. So much to choose from. Try the shrimp scampi, chicken madeira (ask for pasta instead of mashed potatoes),chicken picatte, shrimp po boy, thai lettuce wraps, cashew chicken, miso salmon, Cajun rib eye steak and calamari. The hits just keep on coming! These are just a few of the dishes that I have experienced. The service has always been consistently good. Do not forget the cheesecake and other sinful desserts. Deelish!If you have never eaten here before. Trust me, you will be a fan.
3	I had the white pizza, hubby had chicken fingers and 2-YES 2 crab puff appetizers! Very good. My only regret was that Pumpkin cheesecake is not in season so I had the Tiramisu, yum. Nice decor and atmosphere. Service was marginal. I had to ask for a tea refill after I was done with meal and dessert and waiter didn't have any other tables to look after. Tip reflected his neglectfulness. We shall return.
5	no wait....most of the time.My fav's:  thai chicken wrap.kids love this...lots of selection and fresh food.Lots to share.
1	Lemme just start off by saying that I've given this place 5 (yes five) seperate chances..  busy hours will give you poor service and poor quality food because the kitchen is just pushing orders out.  The menu is too large and it's obvious they do not "specialize" in a certain type of food besides cheesecake.  Wine selection is awesome.  The portions are "American-ized", I wish for quality not quantity, we are becoming too obese because of places like this...  Every one that I've visited has been very nicely decorated with great ambience if you just want desert and some wine I'd say stop by.. Let me just say so people dont hate on me, I tried all the dishes that were supposed to be "the best", this place blows donkey balls
3	Food is always consistant and I usually have a great service from the actually server however noticed the manager screaming at an employee in front of everyone and then  the manager chose to stand and do nothing and I so wanted to say something to the manager for being a jerk.  Otherwise my cheesecake was fabulous as normal :)
5	had the new Thai Noodle Salad today at lunch time. Best $10 salad I've had. Lots of flavor & very good portion. My soda was free for some reason. I sat at the bar.
5	On special occasions, I like to treat my better half to the Cheesecake Factory!Our absolute favorite dish is the "bang bang chicken and shrimp."It consists of a mound of rice, surrounded by mild curry with chicken and shrimp sieging  the mound.  You could easily order one serving and share between the two of you, but it is so good that we order one each!  It makes for a good leftover lunch the next day.The service is absolutely amazing.  The last time we went, had a waiter named Marty and he took care of us and went out of his way to make sure that we were had a great time.I recommend getting the strawberry lemonade.  A bottomless glass of bursting flavor is what you will get.  Highly addictive and now that I am writing this review, I long for another.You can't go to the Cheesecake Factory without taking advantage of its namesake!  Our choices for desert are:- The Banana Cream Cheesecake- White Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut CheesecakeI highly recommend this place!
5	So I went to this Cheesecake Factory last night not knowing what to expect except for cheesecakes... I had a good time sitting around with some of the folks from work have a couple of glasses of wine, a shot of something (forgot the name), a sprite, appetizers, and of course the cheesecake. My friend ordered the tuxedo cheesecake and we shared.. It was good. For the appetizers, we ate nachos and chips (platter size) and other stuff. One of the girls ordered personal pansize pizzas for her grandbabies. We were thinking that they were maybe four pieces like Pizza Hut...Boy were we wrong. It was more like ten pieces. One of the kids had pepperoni and the other had a cheese pizza. Thanks, ladies.
3	The Skinny: solid food with varying consistency (3) the level of service is all over the place (3) value: okay - not that great, not that bad either.I normally don't review a place that is a franchise. However, because my hubby and I frequent this one quite often, I felt like I had enough writing about this particular restaurant.We've generally had pretty good consistency with regards to food here - barring one incident where we had raw corn fritters - twice. Service can be great depending on your server. Overall, not a bad place for a quick bite to eat but not my favourite either.
2	I can't believe when  I was younger I actually thought the Cheesecake Factory was considered fine-dining. Thankfully my tastes have evolved over the years. They still have decent dishes, as far as national chain restaurants go. But, quality is something I don't associate with this place anymore. Since when is tuna gray? That was the case with the tuna tartare that arrived at my table. It was mainly a stack of avocado with a few chunks of gray tuna on top. Other dishes that I've had recently have been ok -- the  avocado eggrolls were perfectly crispy and not too oily and the chicken samosas were decent. Then, of course there's the cheesecake. It's the main reason why I liked this place growing up. On our last visit we tried the tiramisu cheesecake and the chocolate mouse cheesecake. Neither had the rich, creamy, indulgent taste that I remember. Unfortunately, The Cheesecake Factory just doesn't live up to the expectations I once built up. Although I'm not totally ruling out a return visit when my cheesecake craving returns.
4	Everytime I come here the food is good. I know they have cheesecake factories everywhere, but im a big fan of cheesecake, I like the variety they have, and it always tastes great.  I came here a couple months ago for lunch, and had the lousiana chicken pasta. It came out great. Although, the slice of cheesecake I had, seemed smaller, then what they served at the one at Caesars Palace. Then again, its been about a year since I ate at that one, so things might have changed, and they are cutting down the portions.
4	They have a broad menu, if you can't find what you like maybe you should not have come.  Prices are subject to tastes; the better the taste, the bigger the price but worth it!
3	5 stars for their White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake!3 stars for the service and 3 stars for the food on a Friday lunch with no lunch rush. The service seemed to die down once we ordered our food and we had to wait a good 15 minutes after we finished eating to find the server to get us a box. (Maybe there was a lunch rush and I was not aware of it.) For an appetizer we ordered the Crispy Cheese Sticks. It was crispy on the outside and cheesy on the inside. This is definitely worth trying and getting for next time. I generally like the Cheesecake Factory and since I'm boring and set in my ways, I normally order the Bistro Shrimp Pasta or the Miso Salmon. I decided on the Miso Salmon, because they did not offer a lunch portion of the Bistro Shrimp. The salmon looked a lil overcooked with its blackened edges and as I took a bite, it was a lil dry. The flavor was not what I remembered, but maybe it's because I normally get it with the mashed potatoes instead of the white rice. Anyhow, I was disappointed with my lunch. My sister ordered the kids cheese pizza. It was probably about a 10incher and very cheesy. She said it was good, but had a funny taste. I think overall, I was disappointed with the quality of the entrees but maybe they just had an off day. I will definitely be returning for some yummy cheesecake though!
5	Food is excellent. There is something everyone can find on the menu. The Cheesecake was amazing. I had an apple Cheesecake and it was so good. The portions are so big that you always have food to take home and eat for the next day. We were seated quickly and got our meal quickly. There was a little something wrong with my mahi mahi dinner and the manager immediately took it off the bill. BTW. I ended up exchanging and eating the fish and chips and they were great.
5	me and my husband came here for valentines day and even though the wait was 45 min. it was totally worth it. this place has plenty of parking, good seating, nice bathrooms and nice waiters. i ordered tamato basil pasta with fresh parmasean. My husband hates pasta noodles but he brought me back here just so he could order it for himself thats how good it was dinner was fantastic and the mud pie was great. loved it and its beautiful.
3	5 stars for their Pineapple Upside Down Cheesecake!3 stars for the Service from last visit.I only find myself coming here to the cheesecake factory for mainly three things cheesecake, the Thai Lettuce Wraps on the appetizers menu and the Miso Glazed Salmon dish. Every time I come here, I try a dish that I haven't had here before and always leave disappointed. When you order the lettuce wraps, on the plate comes ice burg lettuce cups, three different sauces, chicken, and veggies and you build your own wrap. Its good and enjoyable to make yourself. Plus not everyone likes the same sauces and whatnot so they have the choice of what they want. The Miso Glazed Salmon is served on a bed of mashed potatoes and a side of cooked asparagus. The perfect combination if you ask me, and if you are there at lunch time you have the option of ordering the 1/2 order since the dinner size is really big. But my recent order was the taco salad. it wasn't anything special but shredded lettuce, strips of seasoned tortilla chips tomatoes and avocado tossed in a mayo chipotle dressing and served as three heaping HILLS on your plate. Really? I paid $13 for this dish, something i could've made at home...was disappointed to say the least.I have tried a variety of their cheesecakes and the newest to my top list is the Pineapple upside down cake. The pineapple and crust is at the bottom and the cream cheese itself has a pineapple's flavor to it. Not so sweet, but just a perfect blend so you can enjoy it rather than having to take a sip of water between every bite. The service from a recent visit i have gone was lacking. We were there in a group of four at most, yet have been seated after bigger groups whom arrived AFTER us has been seated. When i questioned the hostess  about it, she simply stated its easier to group the couples and bigger groups first when the room becomes available what are we??? Aside from that, it almost seemed as if the other waiters are more useful and punctual than our own waiter. we had to flag down a waiter from another table because the person waiting us can't be found. This was the first time that I have experienced such bad service. BUT, the service is usually really good and waiters are on their game.Overall, the atmosphere is nice and busy, friendly and you can enjoy your meal either outside or inside-they give you the option. The price is nothing to complain about since the servings are big enough, and the food isn't lacking in flavor. But sometimes, you wonder what is so special about that pasta dish that they can charge $15 for....
2	The service was friendly but highly inadequate. The food was delivered incorrectly and slowly. Once delivered not overwhelmingly wonderful, but not horrible either...although I did have about three soggy shrimp in the mix. Not sure how you make soggy shrimp but they managed to do it!
5	Cheesecake Factory is my favorite place to eat out at..this is the 1st time I ate at this location. Came here the other night with some friends and we had the yummy tropical iced tea. Shared some avocado rolls.  I had shrimp angel hair pasta..it was perfect with fresh tomatoes and cheese on it. Yummy! Friends ate some kind of peanut thai noodles..that tasted alot like peanut butter rather than peanuts.Jessie B had this amazing salad.  Salads here are HUGE!The service was ok..he could have been better. But its my fav place so I give him a pass.
4	love love love cheesecake factory! came in on a sunday at peak dinner hour. we were able to get seats right away in the bar area. i like that this place has a little bit of everything. a little asian, a little mexican, etc. the menu is huge which makes it hard to choose something to eat sometimes. i had the garlic noodles with chicken which was very tasty. my friends ordered the chicken enchiladas and the combo of steak diane and salmon. all of it very good. didn't order any cheesecake this time which is a first! service was great. can't wait to come back!
4	The Cheesecake Factory may be my favorite restaurant chain.  I've been to different locations here and in L.A., but I'm a regular at this location now.   The menu is very diverse, and regardless of location, the meals are always well-prepared.  I've tried many of their dishes, and have never been disappointed in one. I like to go to The Cheesecake Factory when I want to celebrate, so I usually get a bottle of wine or Champagne or just a couple of martinis.  I try to find a reason to celebrate something at least once a month.  After dinner and drinks, I like to cap the celebration with coffee and -- of course -- cheesecake.
5	they have awesome cheesecake.. u got to check it out!! every meal on the menu is so good... got the kobe burger omg.. wat a burger..the environment so awesome.. good for the night life and good to bring ur family out for lunch or dinner...
2	I went here last week with my son for lunch. My suggestion no less. I just remember that years ago it was very good. Not so much this time. We were seated in the bar area which was fine it is just that the table was very small. Barely held the drinks and the plates. We had two of the small appetizers, the corn fritters and the fried artichoke hearts. They were both very good. This is why I have to at least apply the second star. Now I can only speak for my lunch but it was inedible. I ordered the lunch Chicken Picatta. I knew as soon as it was set in front of me something was not right. The chicken was a shade of white like I have never seen before. I took a bite anyway, It was retched, I spit it right out. I thought maybe it was me, tried a second bite. Again same terrible spoiled taste. The only person I saw who worked there was the bus boy, I told him the chicken was bad. He promptly took my plate. He came back after a few minutes to tell me the manager would be over and they were cooking another one for me. I told him no thanks, just the thought of chicken was making me sick. The manager came over to ask me what was wrong. I explained, she was behaving as though she did not believe me. Starts telling me that they get fresh food every other day. I am not saying they don't, but the damn chicken was bad. She states maybe it is the capers, NO i have had capers a million times, I did not even put a caper in my mouth. I told her that I was being very discreet regarding this and did not cause a scene. She asked if I would prefer something else, I ordered a plain burger. When the burger arrived it was fine. What bothers me the most is that they were acting like I was making this up. Second my son and I ate in shifts. I do not see my son enough to want to have our lunch together ruined and eaten in shifts. When I got the check, my son asked if they removed the chicken charge, they did, he asked if they charged for the burger, they did. He was pretty pissed about this stating i should not have been charged for the burger. At this point I was over the Cheesecake Factory, and will never be heading back.
3	I've never had not so great food here. But, the food isn't the most amazing food I've ever had either. But, it's a great fall back place to go to when I don't know where else I want to eat. Or, it's a great place to meet friends. Prices are pretty decent, and service has always been good to me. I'd have to say, that the calamari is by far my favorite thing o order. I just love the white sauce that comes with it. The breading on the calamari is always so nice and light, and always crispy. Secondly, I would highly suggest the Chicken Madeira. Plus, it's such a huge portion, theres usually some left overs !!
5	This place never disappoints.  It offers freedom of chocie to put it mildly.  No matter what you're panging for, brakfast, sandwich, ribs, wings and of course Cheesecake.  I am a regular here for a reason!Hot tip: Go before 5:00 pm and take advantage of the luch menu specials.  Smaller portions but great way to do and early dinner.  Leaves more room for cheesecake that way too!
4	This is a review for the cheesecake only...It was my mom's birthday yesterday, so after leaving the strip, we decided that she needed some sort of "cake" on her birthday!  It was 10:30pm (they close at 11pm) and I pulled into Cheesecake Factory. We were sat at a nice table and they gave us a full menu and offered to bring out bread.  We told them we were only having dessert. (but nice to know that they continue serving the full menu until close!)My mom picked the Chocolate Raspberry Truffle cheesecake and I had the Adam's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple cheesecake.I found the waiter and let him know that it was my mom's birthday.  They came out with "Happy Birthday Lisa" written on the plate in chocolate, a candle and sang "Happy Birthday To You".  It was very nicely done!The cheesecake was delicious (took some home for later!).  The service was great- he refilled our water and decaf coffee very promptly.I will definitely go here again just for dessert!
1	I'm not sure if the entire staff at this location hates the company but they don't seem to be giving Cheesecake Factory a good name.  I've been to all 3 Las Vegas locations on more than one occasion but this experience has to be the worst by far.  I'm not one to complain but this was too many mistakes to go unnoticed. The evening started seemingly ok.  The hostess took our name, said the wait would be 20 minutes and then handed us a beeper.  When 30 minutes past I went back up to ask where we were in the line.  She stated that she called us, which was impossible since we were sitting on the bench next to her stand.  Also, the beeper never went off so that onto itself was a lie.  Why give one to us a beeper if you aren't going to use it?  We sat down and our waitress seemed very nice (probably the only employee I didn't mind).  My boyfriend and I ordered our food but for some reason the food runner only brought out his food.  I sat and waited for a bit but then our waitress looked at my empty place setting and stormed off.  She came out immediately after with my food.  At the end of the meal, we ordered a slice of cheesecake to have at the restaurant but the food runner gave us our cheesecake in a "to go" box.  Our waitress again looked angry.  Lastly, today I opened my box of leftover pasta to find that my boyfriend's jalapeno peppers were mixed in with it.  He finished his meal and there wasn't anything left on his plate except the peppers. I found them everywhere in my food, they just weren't placed on top or on the side.  I decided not to eat it since someone messed with it enough to mix ingredients in.  Gross.
5	Yep I'm a regular here!  Yesterday had lunch with 4 other friends.  This time I enjoyed a simple two egg brakfast for lunch.  Wow somebody actaully knows how to make egss over medium correctly!  Add to that nice hash browns and a freshly baked english muffin and for $6.95?  Try to top THAT IHOP!
4	Cheesecake Factory is not normally on the top of my list when choosing a place to dine in Vegas. I find the menu to be slightly overpriced, way too extensive, and have never had "amazing" service there.But, the family insisted on it for lunch today, and I'm glad they did.I had the Luau Salad, and the waiter recommended I get the full size, as opposed to the lunch size, if I was hungry. I did, and it was a nice size salad with mango, wontons, carrots, some other stuff & DELICIOUS chicken.Marty was a great server as well.
3	I don't even know how many times I've been to the Cheesecake Factory, albeit at different locations; this was my first time at this particular Cheesecake Factory, but because Cheesecake Factory is a chain, I didn't expect anything out of Cheesecake Factory ordinary (except I was surprised at how empty this particular location was). The atmosphere and layout are similar to other Cheesecake Factories, and of course, the menu is the same. Let me pause for a moment and talk about the menu- it's big, with what seems like an endless array of menu items spanning across the globe in terms of cuisines. What's nice about the extensive menu is you can try something new every time you visit (that is, if you don't go everyday), but what's not so nice about the menu is the time it takes to make a decision about what to eat. Anyways, after being seated, complimentary bread was brought to our table. We had two choices of bread- a soft brown bread with oats on top (Could it be Pumpernickel or Honey Oat?) and a sourdough baguette.  After perusing the menu, I decided to order the Soup of the Day, which was a Lentil Soup with an infusion of bacon essence. Even though there were hardly any customers, it took a long time before our food came out, leaving me no choice but to eat a lot of the bread. By the time my soup came out, I was already full, but I managed to finish most of the soup. The soup itself was very hearty and chunky with lots of lentils, reminiscent of porridge. The flavors were good, but the bacon flavor that the server emphasized was not vey noticeable. Overall, I enjoyed my visit. Portions are large, prices are reasonable, the cheesecakes are good, and there's something for everybody, which I think are the main reasons for why Cheesecake Factory is so popular.
2	I just don't get the HYPE of this place.  I'm bored with the entrees and my go-to dessert definitely isn't cheesecake.  I know, go ahead and hate me now.I find myself ordering the SAME items every time:~Fried mac 'n' cheese~Avocado eggrolls~Seared tuna tataki salad.......which is AMAZING in my book!~Quesdilla (plain)I just can't get into this food.....!Sometimes I prefer to shock the server, my husband or any other dinner companions by ordering a tall, cold glass of milk and a piece of cake...~Black out cake~Fudge cake~Tiramisu..............MY FAVORITE! Meh.............and I always seem to end up here as a "fall back" restaurant because the husband LOVES it so much.  Oh, the things we do because we want to make our companion happy!  Only for him!
3	Alright, so I ever so slightly want to amend the rating that I had previously given..........now 3 stars. I dined there last night and topped my meal off with the Reese's Peanut Butter Cheesecake, and WTF!!! (sigh) That was AMAZING and I thought that I hated cheesecake?!?!??!?! Apparently as long as that flavor exists, I'll be a fan! ;)
4	Yummy-great variety on menue
2	They have ridiculously high prices for Mediocre food and mediocre service.  Save ur money and eat somewhere else!
5	Miss Nicoly Poly Oly is my fave server. Too many options, the menu is like an encyclopedia, and is never disappointiong. I cannot fathom how they can keep all their menu knowledge together, but it never fails to impress. Granted the wait time is always a bit tedious, but it's well worth it when you order the right thing. And if you don't, the operative word=CHEESECAKE!
4	It's been awhile since I ate at the cheescake factory maybe to long.     We had the grilled artichoke this was very good , had a nice grilled flavor to it , unlike some places that say they grill ,but you cant' tell. We also had the stuffed mushrooms from the tapas menu. It was stuffed with fontina cheese and garlic, topped with parm cheese in a wine sauce.                 For my main course I had the cobb salad it comes w/ a balsamic dressing but i chose to have it with ranch. This was the dinner portion it was huge. It was full of bacon , boiled eggs , chicken  ,blue cheese and topped with  a half an avocado. This was more like a chopped salad which  I prefer.. Everything was chopped into small pieces except the chix which was sliced, and it was full of chix. I joked to my wife that they put a whole chix in the salad , she had the same thing and hers was full of chix too.             We also had the low carb cheesecake with a walnut crust , yummy.   Service was a little slow but i don't blame the server she ran her butt off , it seemed they were under staffed. It was very busy.
4	Brought a friend to Las Vegas this weekend for her birthday and to see my dad. It's her birthday so I let her pick where she wants to go all weekend, including dinner on Saturday. She picks Cheesecake Factory.Short wait as we opted to sit outside under the heat lamps. We're one of three parties who braved the chilly night but it wasn't too cold that we were miserable. The service was awesome. I don't remember his name but it's guys like our server that make dining experiences memorable. My friend had a Kobe burger that was cooked just as she ordered it. The cooks even cut it in half for her as per her request. I opted for the Salisbury Steak which was so good that my friend had a few bites. The mashed potatoes complimented the entree and both meals came out piping hot. Parking seems like it can be trying but we lucked out right away.
5	I have taken advantage of the 4-6 PM Happy Hour food and drink 4x in April 2011 and never felt disappointed. Southwest eggrolls, Chicken Coquettes w/fontina cheese, Avacado Eggrolls, Stuffed Mushrooms in marsala wine sauce. Over 30 items under $6 for HH. That's impressive! Everything was well cooked and delicious. Large, well made drink specials like Long Island Iced Tea $5, pizza for the kids and desserts to make you smile or moan.  A special small plate menu in addition to the HH menu. Many, many choices on the regular menu around $13 which is a bargain in LV.  I met several people who eat there 2-3x a week. This chain is a winner and tops any other I have ever been to. Going to miss it since there is none within 3 hrs of me.  The Rampart location does get crowded but there is plenty of parking although. you may have to walk a block across the parking lot if it is dinner hour. Have not tried the strip location inside Caesars Forum Shopping complex.
2	The food was pretty good but the service was horrible. Call it what you will, but everything went wrong, in terms of service. First, we asked for a table inside for just the two of us. The lady said ok and the wait would be about 5-7 minutes. Well, a whole bunch of people came in after us and they all got seated before us. After a while, I went up and asked if we were still on the list. The lady said, "Oh, yea....here's your table." No apology or anything. We sat down and my girlfriend was a little mad. The server seemed nice, but after receiving our food....someone messed that up too. She ordered white rice with the gumbo but got the regular brown rice. My girlfriend accepted the food anyway, but again....she was not happy. Overall, it was a bad experience. We still like the Cheesecake Factory, but I would probably recommend another one in town. This one isn't up to par.
2	At first glance, the place was really nice. We walk up to the girl up front and asked for a table for 2, inside. She tells us 5 minutes, which was fine... until we start to notice that a good 7 other 2-4 person groups just arriving and being seated way before us even though we were there before them. A bit confused, I went up to the counter and asked if we were forgotten-- the look on the girl's face let me know the answer. Her mouth wide open in a confused daze, she looks at another waitress for help. Luckily, the other waitress, without saying a word, leads us over to our table. Now... I wouldn't have been so upset over this... had either one of them apologized. Not one apology was uttered; instead, the girl in front had looked at me like I was pestering her all night. So that started me off on the wrong foot already.Our waitress was not bad, and we put in our order. The food arrived, and I guess somewhere along the line, someone thought white rice = brown rice. By this point I was already too ticked off to even want to deal with waiting any longer, so I just accepted the wrongly-ordered meal. Luckily this place's food was good. That's where the 2nd star comes from.Through all this, not one apology was issued, and no offers to make up for the lousy service.2 stars -- terrible service.
2	this was my first experience at the Cheesecake Factory in all it's existence.  my cousin had her 15th birthday dinner here and my first impression... BUSY! [Which didn't shock me.. because every time I come across a Cheesecake Factory, it always seems to be busy!]anyway, it's a nice looking place in a nice area with plenty of parking and seats to sit down outside because it's always obviously busy.   we were seated within the 20 minute time frame that they gave us.. which was understandable because we were a big party.  it is a shopping mall so there's a little bit of window shops to look at while you wait.  we were finally seated and it seemed well kept... and for how busy it seemed it's a pretty good job they do of keeping this place up.   It's a large restaurant with lots of seating and lots of patrons.  Idk, I'm not big on the large crowds and large places so I guess that's why this review pretty much sucks.anyway, the menu is LARGE.  I use the word overwhelming a lot, but this menu is truly overwhelming.  there's like.. 2,000 things on this menu.  luckily everything had a description.so I had the Factory Burrito Grande.  nothing special about it... typical.  only it was huge.... like the size of a baby huge. the cheesecake I have to admit was really good.  they were huge pieces and the waiter let us know that so we didn't go all out and order 1 slice per person.   the slice was seriously good enough for 4 people.  they were huge... but very good. eh... it's not a first choice for me.  i like small dives and secrets.  i don't know.. it was just alright. sorry.  again, this review sucks and i don't care cause i don't think i'll ever take a drive to this place ever again anyway.  so thanks for the baby burrito.
3	Extremely large menu makes it hard to decide.  The service staff is never very helpful as they are always busy and usually unfamiliar with the menu.  Very pricy but the portions of most dishes are very large.  The desserts are fantastic, but take it out and eat it at home.
3	I really wish I could have rated this place higher. If I was rating just the food, I would have given it 4 stars.  But, that's not how it works!I went with my friend after our horrible experience at Aquae Sulis spa.  We  both had mint green teas and the lunch-sized cobb salad.The mint tea was fantastic.  The salads were huge for a lunch size, and the ingredients were fresh and cold. I like that there was no fat at all on the chicken.  The dressing could have used a bit more flavor.To finish, friend had the carrot cake cheesecake, I had the red velvet cheesecake (which I love!!).  We both left very happy with our desserts!!Unfortunately, the service was pretty lackluster.  It took forever for her to stop by the table to take orders, refill drinks, pick up plates, bring the check, return the check, etc.Maybe she was just having an off day, but like I said, if it hadn't been for the slow service I would have rated 4 stars!
4	Cheesecake Factory has one of the best happy hours ever.. You still get to experience their food, which is tasty.. and most of their appetizers and some drinks are about $5 each, which is a great price for me!
4	I went here the first night I moved to Las Vegas. It's located next to the Boca Park shopping center, which has a plethora of nice shops there.Our food was out extremely quickly. The quality is pretty on par with the rest of this franchise's restaurants- fast, chain food, a menu too large for any one item to be really excellent, but good enough.they have a large outdoor seating area complete with over the head mist so that you can stay cool during this warm winter months.overall, my experience was good. I do love eating here because it's a great place for the entire family, and the food is descent.
5	We went to this Cheesecake Factory restaurant tonight and had a really good time. Our waiter was pretty attentive to us and always was checking on us. I ordered the beet and goat cheese salad. Let me just say this thing was amazing. The flavors were outstanding. I then had the Spicy Chipolte chicken pasta. Cannot believe how great that was. I have been several times before and I always have the same dish. With the great food, and the good service I can only say I wish I was going back tomorrow. By far and away my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
4	Very nice atmosphere and extensive menu. I partcularly like our booth as it felt private. Excellent, non-pushy comfortable service. The choices in cheescake is unbelievable  !! Like 7 bucks but plenty to share with your date :)
4	Great happy hour and an expansive menue. The menue is more like a book to read. They treat you really nice on your birthday which is why I have gone there the past two birthdays. The portions are large but they do offer lunch sizes. There is almost always a long wait but it has a great bar to while away the time. Oh and the cheesecake is to die for....save room or make room!
2	I'd rather go to an actual Cheesecake Factory, and I don't even like Cheesecake.Cheesecake factory is like getting the same gift for your birthday every year, and you didn't want it the first time around.  You know what to expect, it won't make you happy, yet here you are again.While always living up to my below average expectations, this place has one thing going for it, the decor.  It looks bright and nice and welcoming.  The food is average at best, and way overpriced for what it is.  Chilis or Fridays can match anything this place has, and at a few bucks cheaper.  Come because you're hungry, leave your leftovers.....
3	Cheesecake Factory is pretty run of the mill. From the overwhelming selection of food on the menu (seriously, pick a damn food theme!) to all the crazy ads in the menu, it always takes me years to get through the menu. And even though I've been to Cheesecake Factory 324890789459843 times, I never eat the cheesecake there. Well, I can't say never; I did ONCE, got massively sick and haven't touched any cheesecake since. You must be wondering why I still go back to Cheesecake Factory? You know what, I wonder why I go back too.
4	Ah, the Cheesecake Factory. Every time I come here I stick to a rotation of dishes including the jambalaya, the buffalo blasts, and occasionally the salmon and I'm never disappointed. Throw in their delectable selection of cheesecakes and I'm always in heaven. Not to mention the gigantic portions.Recently CF has added a "small bites" menu which is the perfect size if you want to sample a bunch of random tasty treats. I don't think I'd ever purposely come here if given the choice but once in a while it truly hits the spot! Did I mention the cheesecake? Good, can't forget it.
4	I really like the curry dish here. I think it is called Shrimp Chicken Bang Bang. Although iti s $18 it is a very large portion. The shrimp and chicken are seasoned before cooking. Plus, there is toasted coconut all over it. Very good.My fiance got the chinese bun tacos. He said they were excellent. I also love the eggplant sandwich with snow peas and carrots for the side. I try to go here on an "off-time" because it can get very very busy.
4	Cheesecake is in the name of the restaurant . You know this place is going to be good. Although I try and stray away from chain restaurants this once you truly can't miss. They literally have everything on their menu. This can be a blessing and a curse. There are so many amazing options it can be hardTo decide. What I can tell you is this.The Louisiana Chicken Pasta is amaze. It's Parmesan crusted chicken served over pasta with a spicy New Orleans sauce. The portion in my opinionIs pretty large. So you could share. My absolute favorite however isThe stuffed mushrooms. Mmmm. Fontina and Parmesan Cheese, Garlic and Herbs in a Wine Sauce. Some times when I eatIt I want to tell the waiter I love him just for bringing me the stuffed mushrooms that I ordered...but at that point in our relationship we've onlyKnown eachother for about20 min so maybe thats to soon to takeThat step. They also have amazing soups. I seriously doubt you can go wrong with one.Now for all of you calorie counters. There's is a menu to makeYou feel a littleLess guilty. It is called the "Skinnylicious" Menu. It's basically menu full of food saying " eat me I have notCream or butter." Cheesecake has something for everybody. It's an excellentPlace for a group. It isPricier but manageable.My Tip:GET THE CHEESECAKE. It's called the Cheesecake Factory for crying out Loud. It is simply not  to say no to a slice. I suggest the red velvet if you really feel in the mood To have a relationship with a cake. It's literally to die for. Not anExaggeration .
4	Hey LV Yelpers!I came here the other day for lunch with my bf. It was my second visit here and his first visit to this location. They open at 11am.I love that CF has such a large menu selection and I noticed that they expanded their menu too! So there's something for everyone.Since my few last visits at CF here and in LA... I've been a fan of their miso salmon! If you like fish you have to try it!Great customer service and I love that they have outdoor seating.I'm a fan.
4	I am a fan of the Cheesecake Factory  and we don't have one where I live so it's always a treat to go to one when you are on vacation.  The menu is huge, the portions are big and the food is amazing.  It was my first visit to this location in Vegas and it was a great experience.  It's seemed less busy than the others in town and the staff was just pleasant and wonderful.I definitely recommend!  ...and try to save room for Cheesecake!  YUM!
5	I ordered the Cajan style ribeye which is marinated for 36 hour and it was delicious. Good customer service and clean.
5	Just about every place we go, my husband and I can find a meal that fits our low carb choice.  We do not always desire a low carb meal, but when we are craving a meal out and neither of us want to cook, we'll find an easy solution in most places. Today we chose to go the the cheesecake factory, for one we know they have low carb cheese cake and that was what we were craving.  A good salad and we're set.  As usual the place was crowded but we still managed to snag a table with little wait.  A review of the menu and with mouths watering we stuck with a salad.  I had had a salad here long ago, but couldn't remember having such a large portion.  My husband and I both ordered the cobb salad with chicken.  The plate came out with a huge portion of salad and plenty of grilled chicken.  The meal could have been split, but I took home the left overs and had a meal for lunch the next day.We both got a piece of cheesecake and we left happy and full.  This place is great for two, or a big party, they will accommodate.  The service is always quick and attentive, and the meal is always satisfying.  Whether you are looking to splurge or stick with a diet, this is the place.  You can not loose either way.
4	Cheesecake Factory is yummy. They have the most amazing veggie burger that is actually handmade, and I love their french fries. Plus, of course, the cheesecake is fantastic. Try the cookie dough cheesecake!Oh, and the asian salad is enormous. fyi.
4	We have been here about 8 times. It is a really big restaurant so it is unlikely that you will have a quiet and intimate meal. However, the food is always better than average and it is a great place to bring groups of 4 or more people. Also, the variety is unsurpassed unless you venture to a casino restaurant. We will continue to come here and it is definitely unique in the west to northwest part of town.
4	I hate to admit it, but you really can't go wrong with Cheesecake factory. They have such an extensive menu, there is always something for you. Probably one of the most reliable chains out there. No matter what city you're in, you can always count on Cheesecake factory to negotiate with you.
3	I was a regular fan, but somehow the food is starting to go down hill.  However the cheese is the bomb.
2	Visit was on 1/11/12-I expect more from the Cheesecake Factory, especially for the price.  This use to be one of my fave places to eat but no more.  It was 10 minutes before we got water, another 10 before our order for apps was taken.  We ordered the crispy taquitos to start with.  Tasty but the guacamole was so skimpy-not enough for 2 people to have a decent dab.  The hubby ordered the Ribbed Eye (at CF? Really???). It was overcooked but service was so spotty that night that we were afraid to send it back.  it came with fries...The fries are different and not for the better.  I ordered the stuffed chicken tortilla.  It was still as good as I remembered.  CF still has the best Ranch dressing.  We ordered cheesecake to go.  My husband got the Coconut cream which he said was "fine".  I tried the Pineapple upside down cake.  It was just okay but that isn't a quality issue-just a matter of taste.Like most of the chains restaurants, it is easy to see that they have skimped here & there to make their profit.  I would rather they be honest-either keep the quality with smaller proportions or charge more.   Can't give them an A-ok because for the price it was a huge disappointment and it seems the last few times we have gone, our experience gets just a little bit worse...
3	Came to the Cheesecake Factory for a late company Christmas party back in January and it was an okay experience. I usually go to the one in GV and compared to this one, GV has way better service. We constantly had empty drinks and even though we asked for the wheat bread, the waitress kept trying to shove the sourdough down our throats. The only reason I gave this location 3 stars was because of the food, too bad the food couldn't save them to 5 stars.
2	I usually enjoy business lunch meetings at the Cheescake Factory but yesterday had a lousy experience.   The location in Summerlin is typically very busy but they usually still manage to have good service.   Yesterday was an exception, and hopefully just a glitch.  After we were seated, it took about 10 minutes for our server to finally come tank drink orders.    She was obviously distracted and we realized later than Sen. John Ensign was sitting in the booth behind us and that was flustering her for some reason.   The food was ok - about what I typically expect from CF but nothing outstanding.
3	I took my friend for a birthday lunch and it was all okay. I had a glass of wine and he had "the Ritz" martini which was actually quite delicious. Appetizers were okay but when it came to my Pear and Endive salad, I have to say it was less than mediocre. I maybe ate 1/3 of it because that's all the endive/fresh greens that were in it. The rest was iceberg and I don't find that appetizing. Especially when I expect endive in a pear and endive salad. However, the white chocolate truffle cheesecake slice was fantastic.
4	Great cheesecake and good food. Service is usually pretty spot on.
4	I love Cheesecake Factory and I love to order their avocado eggrolls, yummy. I have no complaints about this restaurant except that I think their cheesecake is just a tad bit to pricey, I think they can reduce it down to $4.95 as opposed to $6.95.
2	A couple years ago, this place was good. I always loved coming here for the ambiance, and the food was always pretty awesome. Within the past year, though, I've had complaints, but still gave them chances to redeem themselves. But now, I don't think I'll be back for a while. During one visit, we had a group of six people. I don't know what was going on with our waiter, but he came to check on us maybe once after we got our food, and none of our drinks were ever filled. When it came time to drop off the bill, we were informed that gratuity was already added to the bill. In my experience, places only do this if your party is eight or larger. The only reason this pissed us off was because it then clicked in our heads, "Oh, so that's why he didn't give a fuck about serving us. He's getting a fat tip anyway." And it's not like he was nowhere to be found. We saw him several times, checking on people around us, but could never get his attention. I only wish I could remember his name.But what iced the cake was our last visit. My boyfriend ordered a burger, medium rare. When it came out, it looked good until he took a bite of it. The entire inside was raw. It was so disgusting, I couldn't even believe it. Our waitress seemed to agree, and she took it back for them to make a new one. Then a manager came and sort of apologized, asked if we wanted anything else. We're all modest and junk so we said, "No, we're fine," but of course we were expecting they at least wouldn't charge us for the burger or, ya know, give us a coupon or something. Nothing. Guess they don't seem to care if the customer gets food poisoning because of their careless chefs. Not trying to sound like a freeloader, I just think it was a horrible business call. Anyways, it was enough for me to want to stay away for a while.
1	The food was pretty good... for a chain.  It was exactly what we expect from the Cheesecake Factory.... consistent with all the other Cheesecake Factories I had been to. Don't get me wrong... my family and I LOVE the Cheesecake Factory. It's a guilty pleasure.... The things that irked me about this particular location:1.  Parking: what a pain! luckily they had valet (which we used...awesome!) however we had a large party and one family had a baby and i KNOW they parked uber far and had to carry the infant seat and everything....2.  Service: what a nightmare.  I don't even know our server's name.  All I remember is she was blond, and short (not in stature, but attitude-wise).  Granted we had a large party (13 people) ... uh oh... here's where i go off on a rant.So we had a large party.  It was my (pregnant) sister-in-law's birthday. We had 3 children with us 10 adults... we all arrived within 10 minutes.  We had asked the server to wait until we were all here to start taking orders.... but she didn't feel that was a good idea.  I personally felt that we got the short end of the stick because we were a large party and she felt she did not have to give us good service because she was already getting auto-gratted.  Boo on her.  Tip karma forces my boyfriend (who picked up the tab that night) to automatically tip AT LEAST 25 percent (instead of the, what, 18 percent auto gratuity on parties of 6 or more?)anywho, drinks came out staggered. menus came out staggered.  food came out staggered.... all because the server did not want to wait the few minutes for all of us to be seated and get situated.  rawr.and on top of that, some rude lady in a near by booth kept shushing the 2 4-year olds with us (one being my daughter) and shooting dirty looks my way. lucky for her my parents taught me to respect my ugly... i mean elders.That all being said (please excuse my poor grammar/run-on sentences)...bottom line:  food was consistent with every other cheesecake factory out there (yay for avocado eggrolls and THE BEST fried mac and cheese in the world) but the service was shoddy (really though, WHY would you bring out dessert for everyone else and then make the 2 restless 4-year old girls wait 10 more minutes for theirs? who does that?!?) I'll stick to the location in Henderson, or even brave the strip and head to the Cheesecake Factory in Caesar's.
1	Why do people eat here? Please tell me. I wasn't too hungry the day I came here but I still ordered a decent amount of food. It was funny because the server wouldn't leave us alone at the beginning of our meal, but couldn't be found by the end of the meal. The guy gave us a total of 5 minutes to look over their outrageously long menu. At any normal restaurant, that should be sufficient to order drinks and maybe an appetizer. This place you need at least 20 minutes just to sort through the items.  I had the roasted artichokes and the vegetable salad (the full order I believe). The artichoke itself wasn't bad but the sauces that they served were pretty much just mayonnaise and balsamic vinaigrette. Not impressive. The salad was terrible. The lettuce was very bitter. Everything else in the salad was bland. I don't understand how you can mess up salad. I still wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt since they are called "The Cheesecake Factory" and get some cheesecake. We were waiting for about 20 minutes for our server to show up and by that time I didn't want dessert. I'm sure many have said this and I'll say it again; a place with this many items on their menu just cannot be good. If I ever return to any Cheesecake Factory, it'll be to pick up a to-go order of cheesecake to try. To dine, never again.
4	Good food with great service.  Plates are large and the offers way too many choices but once we waded through it were very pleased.
5	Not only is this my favorite chain restaurant, it's also my favorite restaurant. The variety is so immense. You could have your pick from so many different cuisines from American, to Italian, to Chinese, and so on. There is always something for everyone, and they have insanely huge portions. This makes it so you always have some left over for later that day and the next day. It's always important to save room for the cheesecake though. My personal favorite is their Ultimate Red Velvet Cheesecake. It doesn't get much more satisfying than that.I know this is a really short review, but the food is excellent, the service is top notch, and the ambiance is fantastic. The only thing that would negatively affect my review is the wait to get a table. If you come on a weekend night, expect to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to half an hour to be seated.
4	My daughter, son-in-law and I met a family member here today that we had not seen in over 30 years.  So obviously we were doing a lot of talking.  The waiter was very patience with us.  Took us forever to order because we were so excited by the reunion.  He did not let us feel like we were being a pain in the ass (which I am sure we were.)  The Vietnamese spring rolls were very good.  The sauces it came with were awesome.  Our party had flatbread which was great.  Our relative had ahi tar tare which was fresh and flavorful. The waiter was very tolerant of the fact that we sat and talked long after our meal was over.  Granted we came in at 1 P.M. and they weren't that busy but if I was a waiter I would have been thinking "jeez people, are you moving in?"  I thought we would never get the bill and then discovered my son-in-law had paid during his trip to the rest room.  He's a good boy!
2	This rating is NOT based on the food. The food is good. The staff is exceedingly rude and snotty. I have eaten here a few times and the waiters, servers and hostesses have real attitude problems. They take their time and often throw the menus and the bill on the table. Plain nasty. No thanks. The parking is a nightmare. The rudest server was the petite blonde. Never again! When I go to Cheesecake Factory I prefer the one in Caesar's Palace (even though the dining area is very loud)
3	1-5.    (1= very   bad 5= very good)Food: 2Atmosphere: 3.5Price: 3Service: 4In general I don't love this kind of restaurants I feels to me like a food factory with no attention on ech individual dish.I have to admit that the Avocado egg rolls are the best here (ruined my diet)
4	The food here is just okay, I never actually like sitting down and actually eating the meal, because they are really just okay. BUT!The cheesecakes here are soooo good. I usually just come here for cheesecakes when I'm craving for it. Love the tiramisu cheesecake! I tried some of the other ones, the apple one good, but too sweet. The original cheesecake tasted pretty good too. I don't remember much of the other ones, but I know for sure that the tiramisu cheesecake is very good!
3	Went here for a girls night out. The food was good but, not anything special. The portions are great which makes it worth the price.The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere.The place was clean the waiters were really friendly and attentive to our needs even though they were extremely busy.
4	Even though it's a chain, this was the first restaurant (not this one in particular) that my husband and I went to together, so I guess we have a sentimental attachment to it.  I love the luau salad, my husband always gets the bang bang chicken and shrimp.  I always get the strawberry shortcake at the end, it's a huge biscuit filled to the brim with fresh strawberries, vanilla ice cream, and topped with whipped cream.  Even if you normally order cheesecake, try this dessert one day, it's so good!!
5	Love love love this place! I never have a bad meal and the service is excellent. This location is located in the Boca Park shopping center. For customers they offer free valet parking. If you don't feel like valet, they have a private lot for parking or there is a parking garage.I love to start with the "Avocado Eggrolls" and if you have never tried them you must! They were priced at $10.50 and can easily be shared.  My favorite thing to order for my meal is the "Carlton Salad". It is huge but I manage to polish off every last bite because the awesome flavor keeps my fork going back for more. The salad was priced at $13.95 which is fair for the size and amount of fresh fruits & veggies in it.The only problem is I never have room for one of their many choices of fabulous cheesecake for dessert so I pick one to-go. This last visit it was a hard choice but they are all so good I new I couldn't go wrong with the "Reese's Peanut Butter Cheesecake".  If you don't feel like eating inside or outside on the patio, you can phone in your order for pick up. They say to wait in your car and they will bring out your order but if I phone in a order I usually just go inside and pick it up because they are always so doggone busy.  I noticed on the menu they offer catering.
1	Could not believe how far downhill The Cheesecake Factory has gone downhill!  Four of us went and our meals were terrible!  Clearly not as I remembered from other The Cheesecake Factory restaurants.  Would I go back? NOT!
4	Went for cheesecake. It was busy and loud, but decent service and the cheesecake didn't disappoint.
4	You can never really go wrong with The Cheesecake Factory. Always good food. It can get a bit loud and crowded, but I'm willing to put up with that for and hour for a great meal.
5	Always love this Cheesecake Factory - The food is absolutely amazing, the cheesecake is epic and the service is phenomenal. I've been here several times since moving to Las Vegas and intend to continue regularly as my girlfriend enjoys it as much as I do. Just overall a great experience for couples, friends, and family alike!
1	Went with my mother for a nice meal.  Unfortunately although the food appeared good from afar, the meal I ordered with chicken and shrimp had extremely raw shrimp.  I was barely cooked and was still gray without a hint of orange indicating it was cooked.  Basically it was barely heated.  I brought it to the attention of the server who told the manager.  The manager came over and apologized and did not charge for my entree.  However, the serving of seafood in this manner was incredibly unsafe and it really was inexcusable to be plated and served.
3	Cheesecake Factory is a solid choice, and you pretty much know what you're getting when you go.  Mom and I visited on a Monday evening- no wait, seated right away.  Service wasn't particularly friendly, and I did have a wait for a refill, but it was adequate.  As always, there is a huge menu with lots of choices and large portions.  My meal (Bistro Shrimp Pasta) was a bit underseasoned, almost bland, but did the trick.  As always, the cheesecakes are the stars, and the Red Velvet Cheesecake was delicious.
3	Service was a little slow.  Went for dessert last night.  Had the Choc Chip Cookie Dough cheesecake.  We were served the cake right away, but sat there waiting and waiting for a check.  The cheesecake was fabulous.
2	disappointed with the service. i went to this location just for dessert, and was there for 45 minutes. we were sat immediately and order within the first 5 minutes. my  cheesecake was wonderful as always but the server was inattentive to us, which I'm assuming was because we had made it known we were there for dessert only. we should have been in and out in 20 minutes, instead i sat there for 20 minutes waiting for the check. the waiter was nowhere to be seen, so i couldn't even stop him to ask for it. would i have received the same service if i had ordered a meal?? i think i will continue to make the trip to Caesars palace to enjoy the cheesecake factory in the future.
3	I've been to CCF maybe a half dozen times or so throughout the years, and now I have a Yelp! account so I can talk about it at least. :DIt was the best of times, it was the worst of times.  This is how CCF's menu should start, seeing as how it is an aspiring novella.  ;)  All joking aside, they have a pretty extensive menu, with lots of stuff to choose from.I had the Blackened Shrimp jambalaya and enjoyed it, with a nice glass of raspberry lemonade.  Traditional Cheesecake with strawberries is the way I go, every time!  I know, lame!Service was adequate, hostess was very polite and talkative on the way to the table, and food was delivered in a prompt manner, even though they seemed pretty busy when we there.Good place, good food!  :)
5	This place is always good.  Tonight is no exception.  We start with the warm crab and artichoke dip.  There are big pieces of crab meat fused with cheese and artichokes served with grilled sourdough bread.  It was gone in a minute, it was so good.For entree, I got he southwest chicken sandwich.  This is a big piece of chicken, grilled, avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro, jalapeno pepper and chipotle mayo on a toasted baget served with french fries.  It was full of flavor, moist, and spiced just right.  The menu is so big, it seems you come back a dozen times and still not make a dent in it.  I love the service, they are right on the spot with refills and are always so friendly.  And of course, who doesn't go to the Cheesecake Factory and not get cheesecake?  The selection is unbelievable, and this is by itself worth a trip.
5	Who doesn't like Cheesecake Factory?!! This place is all things to all people but they are far different than these other establishments that try to please everyone. The other places lack in quality because they are trying too hard to offer too many mediocre dishes. This place has both quantity of menu items to choose from and they are prepared with quality as well.Although your Vietnamese spring rolls or your sweet corm tamales aren't the most authentic you've ever had, they are pretty darn tasty. And I don't know about y'all but I'll take tasty over authenticity anytime. That's why I'm the only Asian you'll see at PF Chang's. Haha.Today I was there for my friends bday. I just started eating clean--so to speak, so I ordered the most compliant item I could find and that was the Kobe burger. It had three ingredients. Very basic and consisting of: tomato, mushrooms, and grilled onion. I got it protein style of course. I normally would never, ever order a burger without cheese but I had to this time. For how plain it was I was so pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it. It was Sofa King good! So flavorful with juices dripping out from the wrapper. I was not embarrassed to be heard slurping that stuff up. Not gonna waste any of that tasty burger grease. But please people, don't order a Kobe burger if it's gonna be hotter than med-rare. That's just a waste of good meat. If you're scared of a little pink in the middle, stick to your fast food burger joints. And of course...who doesn't order a cheesecake when they're at CCF? Me. Whomp, whomp. I had to stick with the bowl of strawberries. But for those that are not on a primal aka caveman aka paleo diet, they have just about any type of decadent combinations a (non-pregnant) person could think of. I will have to treat myself to one of these some other time in the distant future.
5	This review is for the pinacolada cheesecake only. I died and went to heaven. OMG.
4	Love this location! Great service, lots of room in the happy hour area and consistency. The host stand is in a little awkward of a spot but everything else makes up for it. PS. It's in the same complex as a Panera, Target, and Total Wines. Could it get any better??!
4	Me and My Friend went there tonight. The service was great as usual. I usually get the firecracker salmon to start. I had the Chicken Bellagio, and my friend had the Miso Salmon. Her Miso Salmon looked very good, but they only use the Japanese eel sauce. I was disappointed at this. At the end, we had pineapple upside down for dessert.
4	I always get the miso salmon. Its truely heavenly.The chicken madeira is great too. And you can't go wrong with dessert.
4	Always good service and tasty food.We enjoyed only desert on our last visit and the cheesecakes were to die for. Always prepared fresh and with new flavors to try, this restaurant never ceases to impress me at every visit.
3	This is the typical 3 stars - The basic.OK service, OK food, OK dessert,,,,, Everything is OK. Nothing special but nothing bad. If I rate this place 4 or 5, then there are tons of places deserve 5,,, even 6 and 7stars. So, 3 is what they should be rated. I have been here a lot of times - when I am really hungry but can't decide what I wanna eat...
3	Usually I'm a fan. BUT... I was there over the weekend and everything was kind of wrong for me: the salad I ordered was bitter, I asked for extra beets and they gave me none, and my friend's salad was really just OK too. I've visited The Cheesecake Factory dozens of times before, but this specific experience was just really just not that great.
4	Love this place! Portions are a little much, so me and my husband both tried items and drinks off the SkinnyLicious menu.Enchiladas were awesome! perfect portion size!Cobb salad was good, nothing extraordinary.Skinny Long Islands were very tasty!Service was really nice, she walked us through the menu and warned us that the portion sizes were smaller.
3	Their regular food here is alright. My favorite thing is the Ahi Tuna Tartar, but I don't come here for that. I come here for the cheesecake, duh.Best one: 30 year anniversary cheesecake; it has cheesecake and chocolate cake layers, with chocolate mouse, and little chocolate crunchy balls. Service is alright, prices are kind of high for a slice of cheesecake- but heck, it's better than slaving away in a kitchen trying to make your own.They give you baskets of bread, yay!
3	I never been to the Cheesecake Factory so we decided go here. We had a fairly large group which included four kids all under the age of 5. The service was really nice and attentive. The overall atmosphere here is very loud which probably makes it good for large groups/noisy families. If you want more of an intimate atmosphere for maybe a "date night" then this is not for you. Food was tasty. Portion size very large even for lunch portions. Would come here again.
4	Great service.  Good food. Monster portions and a menu that goes on forever. Just your typical Cheesecake Factory.
3	Long wait time. Food just ok. Customer service is lacking. Cheesecake is delicious   Its worth the trip to the forum shops @ Caesar's where you get in & out in less time including travel time. IMO.
2	This is the second time in a row that I've been to this particular Cheesecake Factory, and the service sucked again!  The server did not check on our table of six even once.  We went for lunch on a weekday, and the entire meal took an hour and a half (some of us work and and some point need to go back!)  There were other tables that arrived and ordered after us, but ate and left before us, even though we had the same server.   Two of us in the group ordered a lunch salad and sandwich combo, but  substituted for an upgraded salad.  While the server said there "might be a small up-charge" for the difference, she ending up charging us an additional entree charge ($11) because she said that the difference for the two salads equals one entree so it was just easier for her to put in on the check that way.  WTF?  I've never heard of anything like that, and charging half the cost of an additional entree for a salad up-charge is ridiculous.  The customer service at this CF is non-existent.  I'm  giving two stars because the food is good, even though the employees are sub-par.
4	Good food large selection, service was good definitely will return.
3	I come here twice a year...mother's day and mom's birthday...I feel like there's a pattern here.With one of the largest menu's around you'd think you could please everyone?...well maybe if everything they made was great....instead I am let-down more than I am delighted.  Most of their items aren't bad, but seldom does anything stand out to me.  I pity the servers here, and the corporate demands they seem to have to deal with...if it is obvious to the customer then it isn't working.My go-to classic is the Chicken Madeira.  It is one of the better chicken dishes from a chain-restaurant.  I'm not really into desserts, but I can share the Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake any time I'm here!Needless to say I love my mom, and am more excited to see her than I am to come to The Cheesecake Factory...and being that we have a large family, The Cheesecake Factory isn't really all that bad of a choice...we cold do a lot worse!
4	Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta FTW! It's mother/daughter date night and Hunnie Bunnie has picked this place again after having the Bow Tie Pasta in Marinara sauce last time. They should really take reservations because this place ALWAYS has a wait AND the waiting area gets CROWDED. The wait is 25-30 minutes. 28 minutes later our pager goes off - It's go time! Tonight Im starting with a glass of Prosecco. It's not as sweet as I would like so totally not ordering THIS again... I told our server I didn't like it and she was just kind of like Ooohkay... We start with a bowl of New England Clam Chowder and their complimentary table bread served with little pats of cold butter. It would be better if the butter was actually spreadable but whatevez. The soup is in an ENORMOUS bowl and pretty tasty. We ate about half and had the rest packed up.Chicken Chipotle Pasta for me it is! SO delish!! Perfect amount of spiciness that doesnt take away from the flavor of the dish - I love all the veggies mixed in with the pasta too along with the tortilla strips. I could probably just drink the sauce and be totally satisfied. Twice in the past I have tried a different pasta only to be disappointed so I'm just gonna stick with this WINNER! Hunnie Bunnie is getting her Bow Tie Pasta in Marina Sauce (meatless) and she obviously loves it - she says it is her FAVORITE!So about mid-meal a very nice manager comes over and asks me about the Prosecco. I just told him it wasnt sweet enough to my liking and he took it away and OFF my bill :)The Cheesecake is DELICIOUS of course as well! Rich and creamy and NOMTASTIC! Ask for no whip cream if you're not into it.
3	My experience on Wednesday makes me unable to say more than 3 stars and the drop of stars is exclusively about the questionable service.I am on a diet and I was excited to discover the SkinnyLicious Menu.  The lettuce mexican chicken tacos are only 250 calories.  How often do you find such good diet options at a restaurant?  My friend was already seated when I arrived.  It took between 5 and 8 minutes for the waitress to show up and ask me for my drink order.  Since I had been sitting there for so long, we were both ready to order when she arrived.Then came the wait for the food.  Again, I had the lettuce tacos and she had a chicken sandwich with fries.  We sat there for 20 minutes waiting for our food.  We enjoyed the food, but again came the wait for the waitress to return so we could ask for the check.  Then the wait for her to come back and pick the check.  At this point, I had to bail and go back to work.  I gave my friend cash.  I also advised her to just pay and go to the front to get her piece of cheesecake she wanted to take home.  (She told the waitress at the time of ordering that she wanted to take a piece of cheesecake home.  Apparently, the waitress didn't want the tip on the cheesecake.)Food 5, service 2-3
5	This was my first experience at this location. I have been to the other locations in Vegas and I wanted to try this one in Summerlin.    We arrived and were promptly seated after  a few minutes. We were there during a shift change and had two servers. Both were attentive, friendly, and professional. They made our visit enjoyable.The food was awesome! After I decided what to order. The menu selection is huge.My wife had the chicken taquitos, which were very authentic and dang good!I had the Steak Diane and herb crusted Salmon combo. The Steak with the sauce and mushrooms was very flavorful. But the star of the meal for me was the Salmon. I normally don't order Salmon at restaurants but the description sounded good and our server indicated that it was wild caught, which was the selling point for me.I'm just going to say that it's the best Salmon I've ever had at a restaurant!  Nough said!Overall this is the best experience I've ever had at a Cheesecake Factory. I highly recommend a visit to this location.
4	As always, I have never been disappointed at The Cheesecake Factory. I will go there every chance I get and even living in Las Vegas has not dampened my liking for that extensive menu. We only had appetizers and split an entree, and yet it was still a great experience as we sat on the terrace and enjoyed the beautiful weather.
2	Craving Tex Mex Eggrolls and Cajun Jambalaya pasta and their famous Ultimate Margarita's we decided to go for dinner early.   WOW this place has really gone down the tubes.  Sat at the bar and the bartender Michael was quite attentive and friendly and made outstanding cocktails for us.  Placed an order for the tex mex egg rolls while we perused the menu.  It took 15 minutes for the eggrolls to appear after we mentioned it was taking a while.  Low and behold they had been dying a slow death under the heat lamp crying for sunscreen.   I love love love the avocado cream sauce so made sure to order extra on the side... well needless to say extra wasn't on the plate when the manager brought over the dead tex mexers.  Waaaa but easily remedied right?  ahhh apparently not, because the mgr brought over a remoulade sauce that is served with crab cakes instead... yuck yuck still can't get the taste out of my mouth.     Okay so far this can all be overlooked, but we ordered the Ribeye rare to medium rare ensuring it would come out not overcooked.   WELL so sad, it came out medium well.... my cajun jambalaya (heavy sauce) had no flavor and was a major disappointment.   The manager Charles was genuinely concerned and was accommodating but I guess when it rains it pours.  We just happened to be the unfortunate ones to get rained on this visit.   I will go back, but probably not for entrees, only Ultimate margaritas and apps at the bar.
4	I haven't been to a Cheesecake Factory in years but a co-worker suggested it for lunch yesterday and I was glad he did. The parking situation here is terrible but once inside we slid up to the bar area and enjoyed a great lunch. The service was prompt and friendly even during their busy lunch rush and my water glass never ran empty; which is a big deal to me. We split the chopped salad from the "skinny" menu as well as a sausage flat bread and both were delicious. The chopped salad is huge and was more than enough for both of us and the sausage on the flat bread had great flavor. I will certainly be keeping this place in mind for further meals.
5	My favorite restaurant.   Great food and great service.
5	This is by far one of the best Cheesecake Factories out there.   The service is always great.
3	It's not that the food is bad (it's good) but it's overpriced. If I weren't worried at all about money I'd come here, though, because the atmosphere is fun and friendly, and it's great for two people or a group.  Obviously the cheesecakes are delish, as are their other desserts.  The menu is HUGE with a large variety to choose from.
3	The food was great but the service was really slow.... and it was not busy.lots a waitors walking around. horseplaying. only saw our waitress twice. one to take our order and the other to take our money. lolordered the lunch special: pizza and saladboth big portions.could not finishboth really good.
5	Great food and great service.   The nutty chocolate marshmallow shake is to die for.
3	This was a typical visit to a big chain restaurant.  Food was good as usual.  We did have a trainee as our server and he was very nervous.  We had some fun with him and made him loosen up a little.  I'm sure he passed his test, but you need to keep it light.  This place was slamming busy on a Wednesday night with a short wait during the dinner rush hour.  We'll go back again when we're in town.
4	Cheesecake is in the name, so you know it will be good!This is a great restaurant chain.  This location is huge with seating both inside and out.  They have the usual 30 page menu, so you will definitely find at least 1 thing, if not 10 that you want to try for lunch/dinner.  The food tastes great as well.  My favorites are all appetizers.  I usually get 2 apps and enjoy a small feast.  My absolute favorites are the Tex Mex Eggrolls, Sweet Corn Tamale Cakes, and the Buffalo Wontons.   All are winners and I recommend these to everyone who loves yumminess on a plate.If you are in need of more food than some appetizers, you are in luck! They have everything from tasty pizzas, yummy sandwiches, and delicious entrees that could feed a small village.  If you can name it, Cheesecake Factory probably has it on their menu.The desserts are fantastic here too!  I mean cheesecake is in the name of the place, so you know the cheesecake will be great!  The also have other desserts like cake and pie, but I have never tried them because I always go for cheesecake! DUH!  My favorite choices are the Chocolate Tuxedo, Dulce de Leche, and Key Lime cheesecake.  The Pumpkin cheesecake is fabulous, but you can only get that one in the fall.The service is usually great and you can usually be sat pretty quickly, due to the massive amount of tables available.  It is a very consistent restaurant.  It seems no matter when you go, the food will always be the same.  They run this place like a well oiled machine and it is a great place to eat.
3	Aright, so I came here and tried the Veggie burger since my friend told me it was pretty good, and surprise! It was. It is an actual hand made Veggie burger full of veggie and rice and what not, though it does have a purple tint to it because of the beets, I think, it tastes just fine. It comes with fries YESSSAA which are pretty darn good and on a nice bun. It is a little soft, so some people might have it fall apart on them, but I didn't so that was good.It really tells you something when the Cheesecake Factory can make their own Veggie burger and other places, who claim to be all down with Vegetarians, cannot.
4	Love the food here, love the cheesecake. If I could live here and eat cheesecake all my life, I would. Don't judge.I've been here multiple times and have tried quite a few things on their extensive menu, and I don't have any complaints. I usually pick the same cheesecake when I come here but I've had the Godiva Chocolate cheesecake, the Red Velvet, and the Caramel one. All are awesome.I know this place gets busy but sometimes the service is lacking. The other day I went with my friend here for lunch and there were two empty, dirty tables next to us that took over a half an hour to get bussed, Ew. Come on guys, it wasn't even busy during that time.
4	I have been here a number of times over the years. I have come for lunch, dinner, and dessert. I have also bought desserts at the counter for holidays. Never have done the take-out.The staff is always good and I have never had a "bad" experience. You just have to know going in that it will be busy, there will be a wait, and you will most likely not get a booth but those horrible small tables that are shoved next to each other and then you are eating with strangers. I hate that.Tiramisu cheesecake is my favorite.
3	The food was pretty good. If this review was based only on food it would have received a higher rating, but it's not. The waitress took a long time to get to us. I understand it was a busy day for them, so we gave her extra time, but it took her way too long to get our drinks. I had to ask for my water 3 times before I got it. At the end of the night she charged us an 18% gratuity that was supposed to be discretionary. She didn't even ask us! She just charged me! The manager we spoke to was extremely nice and helpful. He said that she wasn't supposed to do that, and took the gratuity off of our check. If I go next time I hope our service during our dinner will be better.
4	I had my birthday dinner here. It was my first time. I was not disappointed. I had the filet it was so good.  I could cut the steak with a butter knife. For desert, I had the ultimate cheese cake.  It was massive and delicious.
5	First I want to say that I have got to The Cheesecake Factory in many cities across the U.S. and have always experienced the same high quality food, service, and restaurant decor.  It has always been a very pleasant experience.  Since living in LV I have frequented the one on Rampart and love the food.  The variety of menu items should satisfy anyone's desires.  My favorite lately is meatloaf with mashed potatoes.  The potatoes are real and soooo yummy!  And I love the tropical ice tea.  I have also tried he oriental chicken.  It is enough for 2 and spiced just right.  Let's not even discuss all the cheesecakes!  They are to die for !  Hope this convinces you to give it a try.
3	Was just reminded of a date that I went with CT here...Food is always decent & service is cool- I thought of this spot because it was a very nice date with great conversation & great company...Always a good time out with CT...Would definitely venture again...Good times...
2	Amazing Mac and Cheese Burger.Dreadful Pizza...There were ants on the table.
4	I don't have much to offer that hasn't already been said - long wait, super busy, packed to the rafters chain restaurant.  I became very cozy with my neighbors children on our most recent visit.I did however have my best meal ever at TCF, Hibachi Steak. Totally random item I have never seen anyone mention,  but it was amazing. Our waitress warned me it was "spicy", which it wasn't,  it could have used more spice in my opinion.  But she said that abput our appetizer and warned me my lemon raspberry cheesecake was very tart.  We clearly have different taste buds.I just wish it wasn't so over priced, so over seated and so loud.
5	I'm a regular here but today I had the saltiest chicken Madeira.  Headache started to heat up.  Luckily their manager came and apologized.  Overall Great staff, great management.  I can forgive them for one mistake.  But usually the food  tastes great.
3	+ 1/2 star for the good service. Not quite 4 stars. Food quality seems to be consistent no matter which Cheesecake Factory I go to. I've been to this particular location about 3 times already. I tend to always order the same things - Seared Tuna Tataki Salad, Mojito, and Low Carb Cheesecake. It's just right and I don't feel like crap afterwards. This time around, I order the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta. It was ok, but I wish there was more shrimp and chicken - it seemed to be dominated by the tomatoes and pasta. The wife had her usual - the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Dessert was a Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake. Veruka said she was going to share it with me, however, she is one of the few women in the world that doesn't like chocolate. She had one bite and quit. I ended up eating the whole thing myself. Well, It looks like I'm gonna have to do a juice fast this week - this meal will put at least 5 pounds on me! Service this time around was good - the server was attentive and brought us everything in a timely manner. 3 times a year at the Cheesecake Factory is more than enough for me.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 31/100Yes, in a city full of amazing bars, local eats, and world famous restaurants--- I chose the Cheesecake Factory as our spot to enjoy a Saturday night dinner.  Why??? Well, I know exactly what to expect when I come here.  And that's EXACTLY why the Cheesecake Factory hit the spot.This restaurant was very similar to every other Cheesecake Factory I've visited in the past. It was tastefully decorated, extremely busy, and very noisy.  Our server was on top of her game and was extremely attentive and friendly. The food was tasty and the portions were HUGE! We ordered a slice of cheesecake to go, which was fantastic.As chain restaurants go, I think Cheesecake Factory is pretty good. As long as I still eat cheesecake, I will be returning (especially for their Pineapple Upside-Down Cheesecake).
4	This is one of our fav spots!  So much goodness on the menu, our mouth orgazms come from: brown wheat bread, tex mex rolls, and chargrilled coulotte steak.  Perfect size to split between 2 peeps!  Ambiance is always nice and elegant, and service is consistent. I would offer 2 improvements: 1) don't like my silverware set on the table. 2) ability to make reservation.
4	Our server Edgar was funny and great. New app Parmesan Garlic cheese bread was awesome.
4	The Cheesecake Factory has a very large menu and the food is always very good. The serving portions are generous. The servers are friendly and pleasant. We frequent this location often and it's always busy. We like eating here but..................The cons:1)  On my last visit over the weekend, it was the first time I used the restroom. If I had to rate the restroom facility using 'stars', it would get a 2. I was dumbfounded. For the size of  the restaurant, the restroom was small. Very dark, very dirty and wet (floors and counter). There were two other patrons in there and we all commented on how bad it was. Everyone was really surprised about it.2) Parking isn't great either.
4	We usually get seated right away or within 15 minutes. The service is usually very good and we do have our favorite dishes to order: sunday brunch French toast Napolean and the sunrise fiesta burrito.
5	Another all-time fave restaurant in Vegas ~ The food selection is tremendous and I end up ordering the same thing almost every time I dine here ~ Pasta Carbonara with chicken or shrimp ^_^ and of course I order a different cheesecake each time because they are all delicious. Their happy hour is a definite reason to come back ~ half off appetizers and drinks.
3	You have to try the Red Velvet Cheesecake. It's unbelievable! The service is ok. The food is hit or miss.  Really only go back repeatedly for he cheesecake!
3	Foods great here as usual, but .....tonight's empty and we been sitting for 15 WITHOUT ANY SERVICE...WTH service has become shitty....this has been happening here a lot lately
1	The hostess lost our seating ticket. Then sat us at a dirty table. Took 20 minutes to be greeted or get drinks. My husband found a bone in his chicken dish. When I asked for a manager she said, "I wish you would have told me sooner that you had a bad experience." FYI management, do not ever put any blame whatsoever on the guests.
3	Am a devoted fan of the miso salmon--the buttery miso sauce and the salmon grilled to perfection pleases me every time I order it.  My sister had the herb encrusted salmon with the rosemary potatoes, which she really enjoyed (although I wasn't excited about the flavor or presentation).  My bro-in-law had the house salad and the wasabi seared ahi.  He's from Hawaii, too, and enjoyed the fresh ahi after scraping off the wasabi-flavored crust.  I tried it and found it very much lacking in seasoning, it was way too thick of a dry crust, and there was no sauce so we had to doctor it up with some soy sauce.  Service is very attentive, as usual, and we had a great table with a nice view--thank goodness, or I might have lowered the amount of stars.  Kind of disappointing visit this time around and I wanted so badly to have my family rave over this place.  The mango key lime cheesecake we ordered was supposed to be the redeeming dish, but it was way too sweet and the coconut added to the impacted hard crust didn't help, and it seemed like all the flavors didn't combine well enough to make this worthwhile ordering.  I guess it's all about ordering the right, signature dishes, which we failed to do in 3 out of the 4  tries we had.
5	The menu is so large with so many choices. Only been here once and my meal was amazing as was everyone else's in my party. Along with great food was great service.
5	The Cheesecake Factory is a fantastic restaurant. This eatery has everything that you could want. With their large menu and wide verity of items, it is sure to please all at the table. The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pizzas, sandwiches, burgers, pastas, steaks, breakfast items, fish and seafood, deserts and over 40 cheesecake options. They also have a menu for people who are watching their calorie intake or have gluten allergies. During the weekends they offer a Sunday Brunch option, a tradition in many families. Every online posted experience, the food always met or exceeded their expectations. The food is always hot and fresh with great flavors. Here is a quote from Foodie.com about the Cheesecake factory: "You want selection? There are two pages of just appetizers. TWO pages! Just check out all the mouthwatering selections online if you have a moment. I haven't even tried a tenth of their menu, and yet it remains one of my favorite places to eat. Go for the cheesecake, stay for the food, never a disappointment!"This fabulous restaurant has incredible customer service. The staff will greet you right away. They will cater to your special occasions. As an example if you have a birthday or anniversary, they will surprise you with a free desert at the end of the meal. They will even gather the staff and sing happy birthday energetically to the birthday person. If it is an anniversary they will personalize the desert by writing happy anniversary. They will make alterations to the menu items to meet your needs and do it with a smile. Their great attitudes have made many post reviews online with many reputable sites. Some of them include Foodie.com and Yelp. There are incredible reviews written on Yelp for all over the US, proving the consistency of great service. Depending on the mood you are in they have a dine-in and a take-out option. For the take-out option, they also provide curbside pickup. One of the Yelp the reviews said "Our waiter and he was absolutely amazing. Definitely one of the best waiters I have ever had before. Not only was he very good at what he does (taking orders, getting drinks, making sure that everyone is taken care of at the table) he was also very personable. We talked to him a little bit in his down time, and he made us laugh a few times. Everyone at my table loved him, and said the same thing... that he is on of the best waiters we have ever had" at a restaurant."The atmosphere is a great combination of everything that a person could want. As mentioned earlier there is a dine-in and a take-out option but they also have many other options. Sitting out on the patio to enjoy the weather or stay inside the dining room to avoid the weather. Join the bar for a more social environment. The best time for the bar is during happy hour for that social mood. You could also, snug yourself away in booth for a more intimate setting. The vibe of the restaurant is very upbeat, friendly, fun, personable and beautiful. The walls have beautiful large European murals and pillars. The space is open but a cozy feel as well. It is a place where to dress up or dress down. Guests can bring kids or eat alone. No matter what mood, no matter who the guest is, Cheesecake Factory is a place that all will enjoy. On Foodie.com there are some great articles for Cheesecake factory. One of the quotes said "I was just blown away by the architecture. The outrageous curves of the art nouveau architecture really sets the mood"
4	Located in Boca Park, we had a late dinner here on a Friday night.  Main reason for us coming here...I was hungry and wanted something that I was low on calories, higher on protein, and close to where we were currently at.  Plus, the food at Cheesecake Factory is as consistent as it gets. Yes, I said lower on calories and The Cheesecake Factory has a special menu for this.  Drumroll...their SkinnyLicious menu. In the last 4 months, I've been to a Cheesecake Factory about 5 times.  Every single time, my meal of choice comes from their healthier options.  This menu has a range from chicken breast, steak, tacos, some fish, and turkey.  Of course, there's a bunch of salad options, but I don't do salads. I tried their White Chicken Chili with Brown Rice.  I was surprised that my meal was less than 500 calories.  It was damn good.  It's basically a lighter chili sauce, some brown rice mixed in, and a whole lot of chicken breast pieces.  Loved it!As for the service, it didn't start off too well.  It was a Friday night and we got seated right away.  But it took forever for our server to come and take our order. I had to give the eye to one of the employees walking by just to get service.  Within 5 minutes, service is what we got.  By the way, service was great from then on. Overall, I'm still giving Cheesecake Factory 4 stars because of their SkinnyLicious Menu and familiar dishes. PS:  Hard to say no to the bread basket.  Their brown bread is phenomenal.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (474/500)
4	The menu here is like a JC Penney catalog. It has so many options on it that I always have a hard time deciding what to order. Even though this place is big and offers plenty of seating inside and outdoors, it is always packed. Parking can be a pain but I have never had to wait that long for a table. Our server (name escapes me sorry dude) was always checking on us and friendly. Started out with Stuffed Mushrooms. I have had these with clam or sausage before...but these had a blend of cheese, garlic and herbs in a wine sauce. We got 6 with the order and they did not last long. I used some of the bread that was brought to the table to soak up the last bit of the wine sauce. For dinner I had a Macaroni & Cheese Burger. This was a risky choice...I knew I would either love it or hate it. The burger had fried macaroni balls and cheese sauce on it. I asked them to leave the veggies off my burger this time because I did not know if fried mac & cheese and tomatoes, onion or lettuce go good together or not. The burger was very cheesy and I enjoyed it. The fries it came with were hot and good. The side of ranch I requested was nasty though. It does not even taste like ranch but something bitter and gross and the color was more clear than white. My wife had half of a chicken salad sandwich and cup of tortilla soup. She enjoyed her sandwich and loved the soup but didn't like her salad due to the same nasty ranch being on it. I had half of her soup and liked it as well. We both left fulfilled and happy and had no room for cheesecake.
1	Upon entering the restaurant I patiently waited behind another customer who was greeted and taken to be seated. I stood in front of the hostess station for roughly 5 minutes without being acknowledged by the hostess, although there were numerous times where eye contact was made, there was no attempt to greet, acknowledge etc... At the point were she began to have a casual conversation with another hostess, I asked if she intended on seating my wife and I. She stated in a very short manner "well I thought you might have been with another party that had already checked in". A simple greeting and may I help you could have cleared any uncertainty.. My wife and I were then seated immediately by another hostess who apologized. I asked to speak with a manager and someone who appeared to be a waiter approached the table and stated that he was the manager and would address the poor customer service my wife and I experienced on what was our wedding anniversary lunch. He didn't seem to take my complaint very seriously and to top it off, once we received our food, it was extremely salty. I didn't feel another complaint would go anywhere so I kindly paid by bill, tipped the waitress Alisha and left.. I will never return.
3	We had a gift card to use, so we arrived around 6pm on a Wednesday for dinner and they were packed! I was so surprised, but we waited patiently for our table and it wasn't too bad of a wait, about 10 minutes. We were seated and service was friendly and attentive considering how busy the restaurant was. Refills were plentiful and food was ok. I ordered the bang bang chicken and shrimp and although I was a little disappointed with my food choice, everyone else seemed to enjoy their food and portions were more than sufficient. There was so much food, we had plenty of leftovers to take home with us. I always remember the limoncello cake from previous visits, so we ordered that to share as well. Not as great as I remembered, but still solid and everyone was happy with the meal. Great service and pretty ok food for a chain restaurant. I'd definitely come back with a gift card or for happy hour in the future.
4	I would like to start this review by stating I am more of a Grand Lux Cafe kinda gal. I personally don't LOVE the Cheesecake factory, although they must have caught me on a good day because I loved this particular meal!The menu is huge. I am watching my figure, so I stuck to the Skinny menu. I ordered the Pear Pizza and I really enjoyed it. I would definitely go back just for this. I also had a few mojitos, they were all very tasty. Last but certainly not least, a S'mores cheesecake. AMAZING!!!!! It was everything I loved about camping without all the inconvenient stuff (like living outside). I cant wait to try this again!! The service is always decent at this location. I do have one bone to pick though, WHY do I always seem to get stuck in the super skinny booth??? I felt like I could eat off my booth neighbors plates. I hate that! Next time I am eating at the bar.
4	Tonight I took my girlfriend out to dinner to the Cheesecake Factory in Boca Park. We arrived early and there was no wait. We were quickly seated in a dim lit booth. After searching over the 16 page menu we finally ordered edamame and calamari for appetizers to pick at before our entree arrived. They came out fairly quickly and were great. I ordered the orange chicken and was quite satisfied. My girlfriend ordered shrimp scampi and steak Diane. Both of the meals were largely portioned.  We were too stuffed to order dessert. But I have had their pumpkin pecan cheesecake and it's delicious. Overall, I would return there again and recommend it to anyone seeking a good meal.
4	We were celebrating my daughters 21st birthday. The appetizers are big enough to be a meal. Lighting is low so make sure you have a flash light app. Service was good and te server made her cheescake look fabulous and festive.
3	Cheesecake factory, one of my favorite spots and very popular among my friends. This time around was last thursday 12/12/13 and our server was Shawn M. dinner timewe had a good size group about 12 people total. They sat us with 8 because the rest of our group would take some time.Starting with the food. I am an impulse kind of guy, i like to try new things but don't like deciding. This time i actually saw a picture of the dish i got on a screen above the bakery counter. I got the steak Diane. med rare super tender and flavorfull. with potatoes. I also tried some of the caesar salad. Both amazing and up to par for cheesecake factory.We got sat and we were starving. our waiter came over explained the specials as they usually do. We were very thirsty and asked for water. He claimed he was not taking drinks right now he will just explain the specials and come back in a few minutes. Something im not really used to hearing as we all just wanted water. I am myself a server so i tried to be understanding. When he did come back a few minutes later. we gave our drink orders mostly water. My girl said we ready to order too when you are. He explained "ok well im just gonna take the drinks now until the rest of your group gets here give me a minute". The tone was very unfriendly to me and my entire group. It was obvious he knew we were a gratuity table and since we were young did not care to go above and beyond to get the little extra that cheesecake servers usually give. At this point i started to pay attention to him. Noticing which tables he was responsible for, how many were seated etc etc. this just justified the fact that yes we were a gratuity table of kids to him and so he did not care as much as he did his other tables. When he came back i decided to speak up as the rest of my group were kinda annoyed. I explained clear we are ready to order when you are, the rest of our group will not be here for awhile. This is after about 15 minutes of us being seated already. an estimate of about 35 minutes until we finally started receiving our food. Not ideal but nothing we could do at this point. My water specifically was refilled only twice, i drink a lot of water, and less than half way through my meal i was done. and didn't get a refill until i was done with my meal. Then once more AFTER i received my split check at which point i no longer needed a refill.Order taken food arriving and the rest of our group showed up. this part annoyed me the most, he explained to our friends that just arrived "yeah they didn't wait for you guys so let me know when your ready to order". Little does this server know we explained that to them already and they are the ones who told us to order because they would not be there for awhile.This is something i am not used to at cheesecake factory. This particular server definitely did not start us off right. i am sure that the rest of my group might not understand why. But as a management myself i know when a server notices a young gratuity table and does not care to meet minimum standards of service. We were his only large table and from what i could see he was not so overwhelmed that he could not care to give us the service he was giving others. Where as his smaller tables got lots of time and attention.Night ended and he put us all on one check. Someone asked to have it split and he did so. Thing was he knew pretty much exactly what everyone had. The time it took for him to bring us the split checks, and cash us out was definitely inattentive. We were actually trying to meet our next destination at a certain time but ended up not going because we were waiting for him to cash out our checks. We got the first check at 22:13 and my check personally was not checked out till about 22:33 per my receipts. with this series of bad events and lack of care for a young gratuity table. that is why 3 stars.My only advice is if you have a large group try your best not to have this server. automatic gratuity is necessary but should never be an excuse for poor service at a restaurant known for service.
2	Cheese cake = deliciousOther food = blehThe Kobe Burger was burnt even though I asked for medium rare. It tasted like cardboard that's been dried in dead leaves. The cheese cake however was delicious, had a Red Velvet but by the time I ate dessert I was already too full from the unsatisfactory burger and fries.
4	I found the breakfast very good,huge serving,as usual and the service was tight. Im trying to find a go to place for breakfast and so far this place is it. Hard to find your favorites when you hit a new city...but I like the fact that I didn't have to wait and there were no screaming babies or obnoxious customers. Overall very pleasant and satisfying.
1	Horrible service. Waiting for over an hour for our food. We asked for the manager and never came to our table. Never will I eat here again. Food is good but having to wait for an hour with a hungry child is ridiculous. This was supposed to be a celebration for my sons 20th Birthday.
3	One of my favorite dish is the Chicken Madiera. It has melted cheese and mushroom on top of chicken filet and mashed potatoes that was good with the Madiera sauce. Their portion can feed 2 people so my husband and I shared it. I wasn't a fan of the service though. I knew they were busy, but that's normal for Cheesecake Factory. Our server asked us if we wanted a fruit plate for my toddler and we said yes, but they never brought it to us.  All of our dishes came out, except my toddlers meal came last. Which you would think would come with the rest or be the first one out. Especially, it being just noodles and Alfredo sauce. Time for dessert and our server was nowhere to be found. When I finally found him, I just skipped the dessert and asked for the check.
4	always love the cheesecake factory!!! just never have room for dessert unless you do a doggy bag and eat the dessert half way thru.
5	Staffs are always pleasant. Food is good as usual. I would prefer this location than the one at Caesar's Palace.
4	Last night we did the Curb-side To Go ordering and were very happy with the result! The food was ready a couple of minutes after we arrived (we got there earlier than expected) and the portion sizes are huge!The food tasted great, I'm sure we'll do this again.
5	You just can never go wrong with their chicken picatta and their red velvet cheesecake. It's all I go there for. Their lunch selection is also a good selection as well.
4	Service and food was good. I really enjoyed the burrito and strawberry cheesecake. Highly recommend it!
4	Everything's absolutely delicious. Excellent service, but prepare to wait. we were waiting like 20 minutes to be seated.
3	So this place really isn't the spot that is first on the list to eat for Yeep snobbery, but whether you like their food or reputation it's always a place you know what you're getting and is consistent. The menu is large and some of that isn't great, but a few things I do like. This visit the BF and I shared the chicken and biscuit. The menu is huge and this was more than enough of a hearty dish to share. We each had a heap of mash potato, a filet of chicken, roasted carrots and a biscuit each. It was actually pretty good....think of a chicken pot pie, deconstructed with biscuits. Really, I just wanted some cheesecake. I don't like any of the rich flavored ones they do as they are way too sweet and dense. I like the mango key lime which the tartness is nice with the creaminess and we also got a raspberry one which was decent, but the mango key lime was still better. The service was friendly and pretty decent with refills. She brought us some warm bread and also had the kitchen split our meal into 2 plates.  I rarely go, because why when we have so many options here, but sometimes you just need to Cheesecake.
4	For a large chain restaurant, this place is worth visiting.  Their menu is ginormous, so variety is not an issue.  The Buffalo Blasts were very tasty, as was the Ahi Carpaccio.  I would skip the crunchy crab balls, they had very little flavor.  My wife enjoyed chicken nachos, while my son and I had Steak Diane and Scampi.  The sauce on the Diane is very good, but the scampi is a bit too sweet.  Overall, good experience.
5	I've always been a fan of CCF for many years. The food is good and large portions (makes it impossible to have dessert...unless you're a food machine). Of course there's always that dreadful 1 hour wait. But if you play your cards right, you might luck up and get a table in the self seating area or at the bar. That lowers your wait time for a table (and minimizes your stomach from filling with gas)
4	I really love this place, I have always enjoyed coming here with friends. There's always great food and the customer service isn't bad. The drinks are pretty good as well.   Isn't loud, so nice to have conversations and catch up. The service is average, after all it's not some fancy shmancy restaurant but the food and drinks are yummy so it always makes me come back, and we can't forget about the cheesecake!!
4	Love the carrot cake cheesecake and white chocolate macadamia nut cheesecake, they're phenomenal! I also love where this place is located.., i almost gave it five stars but every time is go, the service is a little slow and the waiters are respectful but not exactly "friendly" (hope that made sense) .. Other than that, I always get exactly what I order and the food is great!
5	Great staff. Consistent Cheesecake Factory food. It's our "go to" spot when we are unsure what to eat. Something for everybody!
5	Love love love cheesecake factory!Spicy chicken chipotle pasta is my all time favorite!Pair it up with the Red velvet cheesecake &its a wrap!Always very fast&friendly service. Well earned 5stars
5	I love this place! Only down side is so do a lot of other people so there always seems to be a wait.
4	I have been to the Cheesecake Factory in other cities before, but it still never disappoints me.  The food was delicious and of course the cheesecake was fabulous.  I had the red-velvet cheesecake.  I love how the slices are huge, so you don't feel like you're getting ripped-off from the expensive prices and of course you have plenty left-over.  I will definitely be returning.
4	Always good food.  Great food wish we made it to this part of town more.  Have had problems with service in the past but they seem to be much better.  Will be back for more....cheesecake.
5	Other than the fact they don't take reservations the good is always amazing!  Cheese cake is really the only reason anyone comes here anyways right;)
5	Huge menu with lots of options.  Chinese chicken salad is very big but it's phenomenal.  The patio makes for great outdoor dining.  Consistent food and always great service here.
1	You would think I would have learned my lesson after getting very sick eating their spaghetti carbonara two years ago--- and I have a cast iron stomach. But no. This past Sunday my family stopped here for dinner our way back from a long road trip--- we had not eaten since breakfast. Our server was friendly and courteous and yes, they do have a huge menu. We each ordered different things. My husband ordered the fish and chips. About 8 hours later in the middle of the night (and not having eaten anything else), he was extremely and violently sick. Sick for 2 and a half days, in fact. There is no way I will ever go near the place again. This time I've learned my lesson.
3	The Factory of CheesecakeAlways a good call if your unsure of what your looking for. Cheesecake Factory is one of those places that has one of those huge menus where if you can't find something to eat, clearly your not hungry or having some of interstellar hunger breakdown.Having been to cheesecake in a few locations around the states this Factory has all the bells and whistles you come to expect from any other franchise.Ordering the Bang Bang Chicken & Shrimp and the Chopped salad for our main we dived straight into the massive portion of food. Make sure to always come hungry. They have a small kids menu as well as high chairs for the kiddos!! Since the Mains are pretty big my suggestion is try to order the small dishes if your looking for the amazing cheesecake! My favorite cheese cake is the Carrot Cheese cake. Some of the chocolate cheesecake can be pretty amazing as well. Also if your not a Heavy cream person let them know as they like to stack a massive cream side to your cake. As for service, expect a line if your coming at peak times, usually 7 days of the week this Cheesecake Factory is busy so don't be surprised when you might have to wait a while.Overall a great place and can be recommended for almost any occasion
4	Excellent desserts, gr8 food and not bad service.  Love the chicken Romano, jambalaya, lettuce raps, stuffed mushrooms and menu variety.  Red velvet and strawberry cheesecakes are the bomb.  Service left a little to be desired as seating was cramped and waiter showed irritation w/requests.  Good Sunday brunch and nice bar menu.
5	Delicious food, menu is a touch overwhelming but our server was incredibly patient with us. Services was impeccable! Thanks Deena!
5	Ive probably been here more than 30 times. Been coming here probably for 8 years. Best cheesecake factory in Las Vegas. I never have an issue with customer service, the waiters or the management here. food portions are HUGEEEE. It's definitely filling. Must try the cheesecakes. My favorite dish from cheesecake factory is "Louisiana chicken pasta" very authentic taste.  I love the Godiva chocolate cheesecake from here. Great place great atmosphere great customer service great food. Overall awesome.
4	Went there on a Saturday around 4pm. They were fairly quick on having us seated. The waiters were attentive, kind, and patient. The menu has something for everyone. The cheesecakes are a nice treat. I personally love the banana cheesecake and the wild blueberry white chocolate cheesecake. The only con I have is they only offer reservations "sometimes". It depends on the day and time.
4	As always Cheesecake Factory never disappoints! We came in on Mother's Day and it was of course jammed pack, but we only ended up waiting 25 minutes. I know at one point before we got there the wait was over an hour,so i was good with 30 minutes. Once we were seated our waiter Nathaniel was right there to greet us and get our drink orders. He was really on top of his job for as busy as it was. Then we got our food and it was divine as usual. I got the crispy chicken spicy sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was perfect. My husbands smokehouse BQQ burger was overly delicious and was cooked perfectly. This will definitely be our regular Cheesecake Factory location.
5	A big fan of the cheescake factory. Love that this particular location wasn't crowded and there was no wait. I ordered the cobb salad which was unlike the typical cobb salad. It was big enough to feed about 4 people! Also ordered the slice of red velvet cheese cake which was excellent and was sized perfect for 2 people to share. Will definitely be coming back to this location!
5	I am mad at myself for never eating here before. My first thought is that the food is a little pricy, but once my wife and I got our meals we both agree that it is actually cheap for the amount and quality that is served. I would definitely recommend the hibachi steak with a Guinness.
2	Stop by to this place last night around 9:15 pm to grab a couple slicies of pie from the bakery and was cashed out by Korena that took awhile to notice that i was there to order a pie. All the employee are very distracted and talking among them w/o looking around to see if there is customers out there waiting to order. Korena wasn't a pleasant person just kind smart ass girl. I ordered Linda's fudge cake which i love but very disappointed with the size of the cake this time. Vey tasty but too small. I thought all the cakes were cut up before placed in the display! I guess not cuz this lady cut iup n boxed it up for me. I love cheese cake factory n the food but the bakery area needs to work on better their customer service. I usually go to Green Valley location which has great people working for the bakery that make u feel very welcome n feeling like coming back often.
4	This is one of our regular places. Portions are huge and the dishes are seasoned with a ton of garlic (makes your meal really flavorful but having so much garlic does have its draw backs :-). All that said, the food is super good and decadent. You can't order a bad meal. I especially like the clam chowder (served Fridays), Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, and the Chinese chicken salad.
4	It's been close to 15 years since I last ate at a Cheesecake Factory, and that was in SF.  I was visiting my sister in Vegas, and apparently they order takeout from here often.  So that's what we did.I was trying to be "healthy" so ordered the Santa Fe Salad.  What was I thinking?  McDonald's makes a really good Santa Fe salad with breaded chicken (probably totally not healthy).  I actually kinda love it, though I don't go to McDs often. I was hoping TCF, with their reputation, would have a version just as good. But no, it was just what I imagine a "healthy" salad being.  Lackluster in flavor with not much to recommend it other than the fact that it was relatively healthy.My sis had the apple pork chops.  She really liked it, though I personally am not a fan of sweet savory.  The mashed potatoes were excellent, which I remember from my visit 15 years ago.My brother-in-law had the Davinci pasta dish, which is one of the 2 dishes they said they almost always order (the other being the shrimp scampi).  I only had a taste but my god, that was good!  It really didn't look like much because the sauce seemed fairly light, but the flavor was amazing. Cheesecake tiramisu. Drool.  I like cheesecake and I like tiramisu but I don't generally love either.  I LOVED the cheesecake tiramisu.  Fluffy and light, all 3 of us agreed this was utterly delicious.Portions were huge for all the entrees and well worth the price.  If I ever go back to a Cheesecake Factory, I need to remember:  Davinci & cheesecake tiramisu.
3	Of course this place is known for the delicious cheesecake but tonight's service left something to be desired. We waited 10min to even be greeted by a server. Another 5 to get waters. Our server  just didn't seem to attentive. Not very personable. Our food was ok at best. I only go here for the cheesecake and I think from now in, I'll stick to just that.
3	The food was excellent, that is not the reason for 3 stars. I am a bit of a service snob after working in the service industry for 10 years. With that said, we waited entirely too long in between courses with items getting left behind. I ordered a soup for dinner and mine was last to come out after people got steak. Then we had one person order dessert, when the dessert came rhe waiter came back and asked if we wanted anymore dessert. We said no again and waited another 10 minutes for him to bring the check. This is not only horrible for a guest whose dinner normally would take no longer than an hour but for the business as their turn over time is much higher allowing less opportunity for guests to come in. Longer wait times both at the table and in line equals less return customers. Overall the food was great and the Georgia peach beverage was refreshing.
1	Sadly, The Cheesecake Factory on the westside in Las Vegas has never truly measured up to the brand. You're always better off visiting The Strip. There are too many eateries in the area to take any chances at this location.The Cheesecake Factory on the westside has a reputation for a 50-50 split between enjoying the meal or feeling sick. During our last visit, sick meant food poisoning.After eating the lightest meal at this location -- fish and chips -- the next week resulted in one of the worst bouts of food poisoning ever. I should have known. The fish tasted frozen and as if it had been left under the heat lamp too long. It should have went back, but after a long road trip, no on had the energy to wait around. Afterward, the incident was reported. The company claimed to do an investigation, said they could find no evidence that could trace the sickness back to the restaurant, and promptly sent the absolute last thing anyone in my family wanted to see -- a gift certificate to go back. No thank you, ever.There is nothing wrong with The Cheesecake Factory, but there is with this one. Avoid.
5	I usually order take out from here when we are not in the mood to cook dinner. The service is always great in person when picking up and also over the phone when we place our order. Food is always packed neatly and stays fresh in the Togo containers. We always get chicken samosas as an appetizer every time we order. Great place for families.
5	I went to a lunch here with my sister and her family. It was pretty busy, but luckily they got there first to wait for the table. The waitress was super nice. I ordered some sort of pesto pasta that had chicken and prosciutto in it. Everything was delicious. I would've normally given this place 4 stars because I have to be really impressed to get a 5, but when that cheesecake hit my tongue that bumped it up the extra star. Glad that they live up to the hype of their cheesecake.
3	TLDR: expansive menu + kids', long waits, standard service, inside/outside seatingThis California-based company prides itself on continuing Oscar's and Evelyn's dream of providing excellent cheesecakes and desserts in a bakery setting. I'm not so sure that this is reflected in today's restaurants, started by their son, David. My family decided that we would venture into the not-so-upscale Fashion Village at Boca Park. Because Cheesecake Factory boasts an expansive menu, even for the kiddos, I guess I wouldn't mind holding our spot in line for our large party. A promised 45-minute wait, although expected at peak dining hours on a Saturday night, was cut down to about 25 minutes: an unexpected, but welcome, plus! The host stand seemed filled with unnerving hostesses as well as the hustle and bustle of seating all the walk-up guests. They probably needed a break and a reminder that every new customer deserves a positive experience. Upon seating, I was immediately greeted my by waitress. Her smile appeared genuine and her customer service rhetoric was unwavering excellent. I was impressed. A secondary server/busser provided bread and waters for all the guests without question. It was fantastic. Our waitress was very accommodating, making suggestions, attentively listening to our requests/restrictions, and tending to the needs of the young children at the table. Upon everyone's food delivery, a manager approached my table to discuss the reason as to why my salmon salad wasn't delivered yet. He stated a vague, yet wordsmithed response in which he basically stalled for an additional 7 minutes. The "fish just wasn't right" probably meant that it wasn't cooked yet, it fell on the floor, they forgot, or any combination of two. A specific, yet honest answer would have been more appreciated. Isn't honesty the best policy?Although the selected dishes varied, I will comment on what I tasted during my experience. My salmon salad for $17.95 was delicious. An herb-crusted salmon topped field greens, cut tomatoes, endive, and asparagus paired nicely with my glass of iced green tea (suggest simple syrup from the bar to accompany the drink). The salmon looked at least 8oz and did not overpower the dish. I recommend the ranch in lieu of the vinaigrette. The children's pepperoni pizza can be a little spicy for children, so be wary of your picky eaters. The tostada salad is a mouth-watering heaping mound of greens atop chicken and a tostada. The lettuce wasn't dried/spun prior to plating and, therefore, left an unnecessary pool of water on the plate and tostada (which transformed into a soft taco shell). The meatloaf is average: nothing special and nothing exciting. Save yourself and select an alternative dish. For dessert, the limoncello cream torte was to die for. Layers of vanilla cake christened with lemon marscopone allows for a sweet dish worthy in lieu of any dessert wine. As we received the check, our desserts were double charged, a strike two for our experience. With the tardiness in food delivery, accuracy of order, and initial experience, I rate it 3/3.5 stars.
2	The Cheesecake Factory used to be one of my favorite places to dine because of its large food selection and especially the cheesecake! The last time I dined at The Cheesecake Factory, my wife an I were out on a date. We ordered way too much food and ended up bringing some home. We took the food right out of the bag and put it into the refrigerator. My wife opened it up the next day to eat it and found a fruit fly stuck in her sandwich. We didn't have fruit flies at our home and we didn't open it up until then, so I called The Cheesecake Factory and spoke to a manager just to let them know--as a courtesy just in case they weren't aware of a potentially larger problem. I told the manager that I wasn't looking for free food or anything, I just wanted to let them know about what we found. The manager on the phone claimed that I was lying and that they do not have problems with flies in their restaurant. I thought that maybe he misunderstood me, so I repeated myself. He again said that I was lying and that the flies must have gotten in there at our house.In my opinion, food only gets you so far--the rest is made up in service and experience. I give them a 4-star rating for food, but 0-star for service--that's why I give them a 2-star rating. I probably won't be returning anytime soon.
4	Well, my family and I decided on the Cheesecake Factory for an early dinner. When we arrived, the hostess cheerfully greeted us and swiftly seated us. My two grandchildren ordered sliders and French fries with ketchup on the side. My wife ordered lettuce wraps. Now I need to tell you how picky and particular she is with this dish. After the first bite, her comment was "this is the best lettuce wraps I've ever had." My daughter ordered a grilled vegetable salad which was excellent. Last but not least, I ordered Boulliabaise, over a large bed and portion of spegattini rested fresh muscles, clams, shrimp and white fish. Another excellent dish and choice experience a fine meal. We will make the Cheesecake Factory a special place for us to dine. Thank you so much!
2	The cheesecake factory use to be the place to go... not anymore the food portions have been reduced in size dramatically as well as the size of the cheesecakes. The quality is nothing what it once was. Yet the prices have only gone up.   Cheesecake factory is now nothing more than a chain restaurant and it shows.  It's now nothing more than a fancy Marie Callender's.. no thanks for me anymore.
4	Huge menu selection to satisfy anyone. This location always packed at prime hours. Servers are okay. Sometimes a little inattentive on checking on you. Food is yummy like all the places in the chain. Portions are big so eat half and save room for dessert. The cheesecake is super rich so eat half and save for a late night snack.
4	The timing and the location was perfect.  My wife and I celebrated our 17th anniversary and wanted late dinner.  This location was close to our hotel.  The service was great as we were immediately seated on the patio (we arrived at 10PM on a Sunday evening...closing time was 11PM).  Our server, Jessica was took our drink order shortly after we sat down.  I ordered the Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp and Chicken combo.  I wanted to try something new and I thought it was a great choice.  I loved the appearance of the plate and the food was outstanding.  I didn't like the mango salsa though.  My wife loves this dish and raves about the salsa.  For me, I the salsa didn't work but everything else did.  The bean and rice were good especially when I mixed it with the chicken and shrimp.  Overall, I give this place four stars...the staff were friendly and checked with us several times during our visit.  If I visit this area in Las Vegas again, I would consider visiting this establishment again.  Oh and the Chris' Outrageous Cheesecake is to die for.  What a way to end an evening.
2	This location is nice, but our service today was mediocre at best. They seem to be too busy to care to provide quality. I had the chicken salad sandwich which was more mayonnaise, than anything else. They even put heavy mayo on the bread when the chicken salad was already oozing with mayo. The salad was poor quality, and the server was not knowledgeable of the menu. There was four of us, so overall the food was delivered properly. The server did not offer to correct the matter, but asked if I wanted to talk to a manager. She should ave just taken the food and had it served properly.
5	Service wonderful. Food wonderful. Outdoor seating is so enjoyable. Our waitress was attentive to us throughout our meal even with her busy dining area. Felt like eating the same meals today - that's how great it was. We will look forward to our return!!
2	The Cheesecake Factory is definitely on my list of favorites....Ive never been to this location before and I was in the area so I decided to give it a try. The service was great, our waiter was very attentive, and the food was pretty good although my shrimp was a bit over cooked (I had the shrimp and chicken gumbo)...one thing that really bothered me was how filthy their silverware was (there was pieces of leftover food on my spoon and butter knife). I asked my waiter for an extra set of silverware and cup of hot water to soak them in...problem solved...I don't live in this area so I'm sure I won't be returning to this location
5	5 stars for a national chain?  sure, why not.  our experience was awesome.  arrived at 1130am on a Saturday.  drinks brought immediately.  food arrived fast and hot and delicious!  our server (Mikayla D) was AMAZING.  attentive and friendly.  we ordered two apps, chicken quesadilla and avocado/mushroom/zucchini fried sticks.  the quesadilla was way overpriced at 12 bucks, not good bang for your buck.  but the other app was huge and way worth the $6.  main course, i got a "skinny" vegetable salad (yum) and hubby got the shepherd's pie.(huge and he said yum).  located just across street from Suncoast.  first time here, and have stayed at Suncoast 50 times in last 10 years.  we will be back!  we were just sad we were too full for dessert!
5	This location rocks! There was no line,  we simply walked right in and were seated right away. Our waitress was personable, attentive & funny.  Food came out shortly after we ordered.  Restaurant is clean. Staff is friendly. A great dining experience overall.
4	Huge fan of this place.. I visited yesterday on a busy Sunday.. and even though we were a huge party  and it was slammed, they got us in quickly and in a friendly way.. The servers where awesome.. They took interest in our party.. The food was excellent and spot on.. I cannot say enough good things about this place.. Love it.
5	Love the miso salmon.  My mom's favorite is the herbed salmon.  Wonderful atmosphere and by far a beautiful location.
5	My favorite appetizers are Avocado Eggrolls and Stuffed Mushrooms. My favorite dishes are Shrimp and Chicken Gumbo and Chicken Bellagio.
4	One of my favorite places to have dessert, cheese cake, of course, also great cappuccino :-)
5	Had a very good dinner tamale corn cakes and Spicy Chipotle chicken pasta which was great.
4	This seems to be the go to place when I can't make up my mind. I always attempt to convince myself that I'm going to order something different but I can't seem to get away from the Chinese chicken salad & chicken Madeira. They have a huge menu with a wide variety of choices & I love the tropical ice tea. I also need to mention the mood lighting in this place, love that touch :)We can never seem to make it to dessert but the times we've had it it's always fresh & delicious. If you can't decide on which type of cheesecake to order you can't go wrong with the original slice with strawberries :)The warm bread is also a nice touch to start getting full before your food arrives.
5	Very nice place, great foot. The waiters are cheerful and knowledgeable about the menu. Awesome service
5	No complaints here.  My family usually come here if we can't decide what new place to go or if we just want to stay close to home.  The warm wheat bread they serve with butter is delicious,  try not to eat too much before your entree! I enjoy pretty much every dish here from the pasta dishes, burgers, sandwiches, desserts and so on.  This place is a must.  One thing i am bummed about, they took their ahi tempura rolls off the appetizer menu.  I was told they change their menu every 6 months.  :(
5	Great food, friendly staff, and great service. Great place to get together with friends and family. They also have the best cheesecake in town !!
4	Always enjoyable here plus Mojito's. Gonna be fish and chips tonight and thai lettuce wraps it is.
4	I only give it 4 stars because I ordered a catering for 12 people and it was 20 minutes late. Food is typical Cheesecake Factory - very good just beware if you cater to order with plenty of time to spare.
4	Love the large variety menu, especially w/ gluten free options.
3	The staff is great! Just had the Chargrilled Coulette Steak and it was phenomenal! It comes with French fries and onion rings but I skipped on the onion rings per gluten free. But seriously, the steak cooked medium is better than most steaks I've had at $$$$ steakhouses on the strip (and we've been to almost all of them). So that tells you to try it!
2	I been there yesterday... The food was great but the Oreo cake that I take home was not fresh....
4	Always great food and good serviceWaiters are all very well trained and food is always up to top standards so you know what to expectPrices are reasonable and that damn cheesecake at the end is fantastic
5	This particular Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorite restaurants in town!  My family and I have been dining here since 2005! We've celebrated birthdays and anniversaries and it's always at the top of our list whenever we plan on celebrating a special occasion. The service is always phenomenal. The wonderful, helpful and friendly staff are genuine and are always there to greet you and make sure your experience is memorable. It's a fact that The Cheesecake Factory invests an average of $3,000 per employee on training - and it most definitely shows! In addition, the food is always fresh and fast and the hearty-sized portions will leave you satisfied with some leftovers to take to work the following day! Over time we've  tried dozens of the items on their menu and we've never been disappointed. We look forward to the warm bread and butter that they serve you as soon as you're seated (TIP: Ask for a side of shredded Parmesan cheese with the bread and dip the buttered slices into the cheese! WOW!).It is very uncommon, but there were instances where mistakes in the order did occur, such as forgetting to remove the chicken when asked, or having a dish served cold. But when brought to their attention, they will always be extra sincere and apologetic and will always reimburse you to your satisfaction, so I won't take points off for that!When all is said and done, I have yet to find a restaurant with the quality of food and service that this particular Cheesecake Factory has to offer!
5	great restaurant. large caesar salad with a perfect garlic dressing. great menu with lot of food. I like this location.
4	This is our go to restaurant when we travel as it has proven to be very consistent. Tonight we had the Fettucini Alfredo with Chicken and chicken piccata with mashed potatoes. Service is quick and food comes rather quickly. The portions are generous as well.
5	Oooh this place always has my taste buds going!! I recommend there weekly soups and amazing salads (: and of course there cheesecake and Ice teas. You should never leave dissatisfied here
5	I have been to this location several times and every time is better than the last. The food is fresh and is very consistent. It is good food, nothing exceptionally gourmet but not bad either. The service is what sets this place apart from the rest. The waiter we had was friendly and personable. He gave great recommendations and explained all the dishes in great detail. The food came out quickly and he was very attentive to the needs of the table. I would return again if nothing else for the great service and of course the cheesecake.
1	Just left this location and I feel the need to Yelp it right away. We were a party of 4, sat right away at 5:15pm and ordered at 5:20pm. So far so good, right? My food comes out (burger undercooked with onions on it and I said NO onions). I flag down the server, she takes it away. 15 min later, still no burger so I ask where is my food? Server tells me the kitchen ran out of burger patties and they are making more. Huh? Ok, whatever. 25 min goes by and I ask for a manager. Still no food. Manager (Robert) strolls over and says I will take burger iff the bill. And asks if there is anything else he can do? I said, well, I have been here for almost 1 hour and havent eaten anything. He offers me a piece of cheesecake and says "I will go get it right away". 10 min later, no manager, no cheesecake. We get up to leave, and the server asks if we got the cake? I said NO and the manager must have forgot. She turns and literally runs to the takeout area and gets my cake and comes back and 60 seconds. I ask for the GM of this location and she says the GM will be there on Wed. So, on Wed I will call this GM (Amy) and tell her to read this Yelp review. Its unfortunate that restaurants like Cheesecake Factory allow this to happen. I have always held them to a higher standard, but looks like they have some work to do. The manager, Robert was so nonchalant and obviously didnt care much about "being right back" with my cheesecake. Unteal. My grade: F
1	The experience this time was totally unsatisfying, which is disappointing cause it's usually great. Lunch was at 2pm for us and wasn't busy at all but we waited forever for our food. Our waiter was fine and attentive but it was quite irritating that he kept suggesting higher priced food items so that his tip was larger.We had an appetizer which ended up being my favorite part of the meal, the corn tamale cakes - highly recommend. Then we ordered the Mexican salad off the skinny menu, the BBQ chicken salad and an everything pizza. The Mexican salad was disgusting, a $15 GIANT bowl of lettuce with chunks of tomato. I had no idea where my chicken was, so after asking the waiter he went to the kitchen and it ended up being under all the lettuce on top if a soggy WHOLE tortilla and maybe half a chicken breast. The only reason it wasn't sent back was because of how long we waited for SALADS, and the dressing. I try something new everytime I come here and I'm usually so satisfied but no, this was terrible and making lunch into an hour and a half get together (not by choice) was not what I wanted.
2	This Cheesecake Factory is absolutely terrible. Not just once or twice have we had a problem. Every time we come to this location the staff is disrespectful and inconsiderate. I am giving them two stars just for the taste of the food.The other three stars are being subtracted for the service this location gives. Today's experience consisted of me walking in to order one slice of cake to go. It was the truffle cake. Usually the thing is pretty big. But not today, it was half the size it usually is. When I asked the worker her response was I was wrong that it's smaller than usual. She told me I Must of got the last slice the other 25 times I've bought the same cake. She had terrible customer service. I waited for a few minutes then asked for a manager. When I told the manager it was smaller she said it did look smaller and she would get another slice. She came back and told me they measured it and it was the right size but they would give me a different slice. They came back with it and it was bigger than the first one but the same as the others I've gotten over the years. It may sound so petty to complain about a slice of cake being half the size of what they usually serve but when I get told I am wrong about what I have received before, it rubs me the wrong way.
3	Omg meatloaf and mash potatoes.  They weren't hot, sent back, and the returned plate the plate was hotter than the food.  Truly disappointed.
2	Never go here! The waiter David talks back and is completely rude!
2	So I think I'm pretty much done with this location after the past few experiences. I live right down the road to but would rather travel to the green valley location. Treated much better there. Had an employee at the bakery literally argue with us regarding an issue with the cheesecake to go. Manager treated it like she couldn't have cared less. Something always seems to go wrong here. Avoid.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is much more than cheesecake. The Cheesecake Factory is a chain restaurant that specializes in burgers, sandwiches, pasta, and pizza.   Yesterday after hanging out in Sabalatte in the Boca Park Fashion Village, my brother and I were up for dinner. We decided on The Cheesecake Factory. The menu offers a diverse selection of food at competitive prices inside an upscale dining room. We couldn't go wrong with the Cheesecake Factory.   Although I have only been to this location once before way back in February of 2005 when I picked up my new Saturn Ion (sure was a long time ago), and celebrated with a delicious pasta dinner, I am no stranger to the Cheesecake Factory. I have been to the Caesar's Palace location quite a few times.   When my brother and I stepped inside the dimly lit and elegant restaurant, it was understandably busy. The friendly hostess took our name and kindly let us know that there would be a five minute wait. The Cheesecake Factory has yet to implement the text messaging system that some restaurants have incorporated. The wait was less than five minutes.   Tina was our waitress. She was friendly, never rushed us, and constantly checked up on us. I am giving a shout out for Tina on account of the fact that my brother left his sunglasses at the table. As we approached the Valley parking area (on the way to the upper deck), Tina comes running after us with his sunglasses. With that said, the service here rounded up Cheesecake Factory to four stars.   The food is also delicious. Everytime that I have dined in a Cheesecake Factory, the large portions had filled me up leaving me with no room for cheesecake. In my opinion, Cheesecake Factory is a restaurant for either dinner or coffee and dessert. We just had coffee at Sabalatte, so tonight I ordered their chicken parmesan sandwich which included fries and a Coke. The chicken parmesan sandwich is unique. I don't know of many restaurants that make it. Plus, it is delicious. Between the time of ordering and Tina delivering the sandwich, she delivered the customary dinner rolls. In past visits to the Caesar's Palace Cheesecake Factory, the pasta sauce was included.  Here, there is a separate bowl of the sauce where you pour it on to your liking. I enjoyed every bite of the chicken parmesan sandwich. It is something that I do not enjoy very often. I also enjoyed the small bowl of French fries that accompanied the sandwich. And the Coke did not have a hint of flatness. It was just as sparkling as Tina's attitude.   Cheesecake Factory was $20 well spent. The dining area is not Tiffany elegance but an elegance similar to dining in a Caesar's Palace, Venetian Hotel, or upscale resort Cafe. It is a dining environment that isolates the outside world and is simply relaxing. The food was delicious and filling. Service was outstanding. I could see another well spent $20 at Cheesecake Factory in the future. Or $30 if I am hungry and want to reward myself with their signature cheesecake and coffee.
5	Went on sunday 12/14/14 at 11am. We had our hearts set on the elvis waffle but it was no longer on the menu. They made it for us anyway! That was nice of them. The elvis waffle is a crispy belgian waffle with banana slices, peanut butter, bacon, and warm syrup. It's amazeballs. BRING BACK THE ELVIS WAFFLE, Y'ALL!
4	Always a crowd pleaser..... Who does not like cheesecake???  Big menu has plenty of choices for everyone.... Service is consistently very good too!  It's a big hit for the very young and seniors because of the various portion sizes and styles of food....
1	I work for a very large corporate company and can't stress enough on how important it is to give clients a great customer experience.  It is employees like the ones that work for this location, that can make people think twice before coming back.  Our server was very incompetent.  He was by far the worst server i have ever had.  The server neglected to service our table.  He completely forgot about us. We had to ask the manager for our tab and get desert from the "to go" register.  The manager was less than concerned.  All she said was a very insincere SORRY. I will make sure to let everyone i know that this location needs help on the service side. As for the chefs, the food is always great.
3	Place is ok. It's to be expected. I never did like this place since I was living in NY.  Food is ok deserts suck and so does the service.Don't think I will be returning.
4	A great dinning experience as usual. We ordered the Chinese chicken salad, fresh crisp and not overdressed. Shrimp scampi without the arugula, recommended by the server, delicious. A couple of cold Stella Artois, refreshing! And topped it Off with a creamy NY style cheesecake... A must visit restaurant at Boca Park.
5	I'm a little confused why the reviews aren't higher. In my humble opinion, you can't really order anything wrong from this menu. My food is always fresh and hot and the service is great. I had one issue with the curbside service but it was handled promptly. This my sound pretty basic, but the Cheesecake Factory is one of my favs!
2	We decided to come to this location instead of the one in Henderson since it was closer and we thought we would have a nice experience. Little did I know that we would have a really bad table.  We had about 1 1/2 feet or room from the table to the left and when the gentleman on that table decided to step away for a moment his rear end ended up on my boyfriends food plate. I had to move quickly to avoid the waiter hitting my face with his elbow when he brought the food to the other table and to make things worst as I used my spoon to try the salsa for my tacos there was a dried up piece of food on it, didn't see it since its a bit dark inside. We had to laugh since the food was great But had to yell at each other since the table to my left was so loud and to make things even more interesting, the gentleman on the left started to pick his nose. What a great way to have a date night.
5	This place amazes me, they are usually so busy, timing is very important, you come at just the right time and they get you in and taken care of! Usually we can wait less than 10-15 minutes for a table, by the time we leave it's a mad house. Waiting times up to 45 minutes. We learned to come just before the rush or come late, after the crowds, either way, service is still good!We never feel rushed, our service is always great and the food is consistent. Love the +30 cheesecakes to choose from. Be it a holiday, weekend, or weekday, they really make you feel satisfied.My favorite new dish this time was the soy glazed edamame! It's spicy, it's slighty sweet, it's warm and very good!
2	New year eve me and my wife went to eat something and enjoy the early night.The hamburger was a well-done but burn and didn't taste so good and through them about 45 minutes to serve us the food.Maybe because it was a New Year's Eve but still took them so long and the food didn't text so good this time.
5	I found a new favorite - fresh grilled salmon.  This sauce served with the salmon is amazing - cream sauce with garlic, lemon and tantalizing spices.  The large salmon filet cooked perfectly and the skin on red potatoes mashed just heavenly.  We went early (5pm) on New Year's Eve and waited about 10-15 minutes and even got a booth in the domed area - perfect meal!
4	I always love this place no matter what city I am in. I frequent Vegas as my in laws live there and having two kids under 3, it is difficult to dine out with them sometimes. I loved the speed in which our server, James, got our food out to us. He also understood to get our kids meals out faster so that a mutiny didn't erupt. Our meals came out hot and delicious and fast!My only slight and very minor complaint was the kids meals came out PIPING HOT. I understand they were busy but it did mean we had food the kids couldnt eat for a minute or two but they were looking at it and couldnt understand why they couldnt eat it. Yes we know to blow on the food to help out but still the cheese sauce for the Mac n Cheese was lava hot. STILL will be going back!
4	Their Godiva Chocolate cheesecake is to die for. Get it. You won't regret it if you're a dark chocolate fan. $8 a slice. Cheaper to buy the whole cake but I wasn't about to eat an entire cake.
2	Well, for starters: we were told we would be seated in 15-20 minutes. 25 minutes later we confront the hostess who goes "Well, we said 15-20 minutes, and it's only been 25." Um, ok. Anyways, another 15 minutes after that (40 minutes in total) we get seated. The waitress was nice and processed our orders quickly and efficiently. HOWEVER! The food was meh, to say the least. The bread was good as usual, but everything else was bland. I got the Renee's Special, which is a soup/sandwich/salad combo. I try to eat relatively healthy (lots of protein, no additives) so restaurant food is usually a flavor overload. Nope! The tortilla soup tasted like lukewarm salty water. My sandwich was OK tasting but the bread was so hard I had to break away the top layer to even bite through it! For 11 bucks I can get a better combo at Subway. I'm disappointed in this Cheesecake Factory!
