4	I was having sensitivity on my left side whenever I would eat or drink so I called this location. They were able to get me in for an appointment the very next day. The receptionist could have been nicer when answering my questions. I was very unhappy with how long I had to wait but it was worth it. After my x-rays and examination they were able to do all the work that same day. One thing I hate about going to the dentist is the shot you have to get in the back of your mouth (if you have fillings done). The doctor did it so well I didnt even notice he was done. The best part about this business is that they except payments and offer a wide range of services. I had $800 worth of work done and only had to pay $104 at the end of my visit and again in 2 weeks. Then after $89 a month until its paid off. You wont find this anywhere else, trust me I called 14 dentist's offices in the area.
2	Their oral surgeon was an asshole! Don't get me wrong glad this place takes payments and everyone else on staff was very nice. When I went for my wisdom tooth extraction was already a little nervous. The surgeon was extremely rude at one point actually sayin "don't make me raise my voice". I'm an adult and expect to be treated as such. Safe to say I will b paying them off and finding a nicer dentist. Even if it does cost me a little more.
4	Here's the gist...My new patient appointment was scheduled at 1:45pm. I left at 4:30pm despite the fact that I didn't have any dental issues that would require more time. Overall, the staff was friendly and they did a good job with my annual tooth cleaning. I was seen by two dentists, and the dental hygienist, Jill, was awesome!  Other than it taking a long time, I was pleased with their service. I also liked checking myself in on the touch screen kiosk, but would have preferred if the screen was pointed away from the waiting room as well as the glass front door. Their address is different than what's posted so be sure to get an update before going.
1	Commercial Dentistry WIth NO HEART.IS there Less than 1 starOk... here was the situation, its a Tuesday afternoon and its 4 o'clock and I'm in the Car. Its AZ so it is hot and i break a tooth in 1/2, right there in the car. I mean i am spitting up pieces of teeth. (Moral of that story don't use your teeth as pylers) Totally Gross. Now I'm not sure if you're allowed to do this but I will throw my old dentist under the bus- screw western dental @ stapley and Main going there for years but no more - i stopped by my dentist for this clearly emergency situation and they tell me come back monday. What !!! Outrageous. Ive got a mouth full pain, face is swelling and you're too busy. SO i ask how about your other locations can you check to see if they can get me in. She hands me a business card with the other locations Phone numbers. Nice huh, Like i said Commercial Dentistry With NO HEARTYUP i got sucked into the low down payments and Low upfront costs tooBUT NO MOREYOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR PEOPLEBAD CUSTOMER SERVICELONG LONG LONG WAITINGUNDER TRAINED STAFFALL FOR ONLY 89 BUCKS A MONTHJunior MMesa AZ
1	Stay far away from here!! I had braces put on by them and a few years later my teeth are still messed up! They screwed up my mouth so bad that every dentist I've gone to refuses to touch me until I have jaw surgery due to Western Dental's negligence. Then they sent me to collections for no reason which it has since been taken care of but that just shows how  negligent they are!
5	Dr. Chaffee is the best dentist I've ever been to. I have constant chipping problems with a front tooth crown. I visited Dr. Chaffee and he made it all disappear. I'm in sales so an eyesore like a chipped front tooth is devastating. He fixed it flawlessly matching it perfectly with my other tooth and has fixed it several times since for no extra charge. I typically hate the dentist, but he's my guy now. I highly recommend him. Jeff
