5	Back in Seattle, it was really hard for me to find a place that did shoe repairs near to where I lived.  Here in Phoenix, The Leatherman was right down the street.  However, there were no kinds of reviews on it, so I didn't know what to expect.  I ended up being very pleasantly surprised.This is a real nice place, run by a very nice couple who did an amazing job on a pair of shoes I brought in - the worn shoes I brought in look like new.  Better than new, even.  Great service all-around.  I highly recommend The Leatherman if you need some shoe work done.
5	My husband has been a customer at The Leatherman for more than  6 years now. He just picked up his new boots, he had sole savers added and as always he says they have great quality work and they are very nice people. This is business the way business should be. We appreciate them.
3	The lady I talked to was nice and they were able to save my girlfriend's boots.I've never had shoes fixed/repaired, so I can't really say if the cost was fair. But, it was $65 to add sole back to the bottom of her boots. Figured they cost $200+ brand new, why not?Here are my gripes:1. Told two weeks, took 3 and I had to call them to find out. When I did, I got the excuse answer of, "he's finishing them up". They called me 3 days later to say they were finished. Just be honest, I said no rush anyway.2. They don't take cards. I can understand this 20 years ago, but it's not hard or difficult, and it's located in a sketchy, broke down neighborhood with no ATMs to be found. Who carries cash nowadays?3. When I went to pick them up, they were in the back and not up front, with trees in the boots, ready for presentation. Just lying on some table in the back. 4. The boots originally had a "wooden" looking sole (no idea how to really describe it). But the color contrasted the black boot. What they replaced it with was a black rubber heal and a wooden (I guess) "half sole" (what she described it to be), which was then painted black.Needless to say, the "style" of the boot has been changed and it does not look better. Also, the glue or whatever they used to attach this stuff with, was just painted over. The finishing on it is amateur. It's like they didn't even care to try to impress us. Sure, the boots don't have cracked soles anymore, but they now look like some thrift store garbage find that was repaired by some DIY hack. I mean, I would have done it myself if this was the result I could expect.Nice old "mom and pop" shop, and what the service / shop environment they provide is a dying breed. I'd love to say something nicer, and surely there are plenty of happy customers. Why these boots came out worse, who knows.
