2	Very disappointing.  I got the sense it's run by people who are not poker players.  There were two serious problems.1.  Many of the dealers were completely inattentive, which made the games move like molasses.  In one hand, I had to individually tell three different people pre-flop that action was on them.  They weren't paying attention to the game, and neither was the dealer.  This is just inexcusable.  I don't mind when dealers make mistakes occasionally (we're all only human), but I do mind when they're flat-out not doing their jobs.2.  One of the tables is about 3 feet away from a seating area.  So if you're sitting on the seating area side of the table... people can sit behind you without you noticing, such that the table is at eye level.  Why not just put a hole card cam in, and show your cards on a big-screen TV?  When I pointed this out to the floor and suggested moving either the table or the seating area, she completely blew me off.
4	Out of a few favorite poker rooms in Vegas, this is actually my favorite for a few reasons. One, most of the players are visitors from out of town and are willing to lose a couple hundreds to have fun, so they don't get pissed off when lose or play extremely tight like others. Second, a few clubs nearby attracts alot of hot girls coming in for the weekend, so if you're a guy playing poker there, so the view would be extra perk. Most of the dealers seems nice. The best reason of all is that they have high hand payouts and those are usually pretty high.
4	I have had a lot of fun here but I think I'm quitting playing poker. I've won and lost thousands and thousands of dollars in this poker room. I've lost track of whether I'm up or down in winnings. Poker room here offers high hand bonus such as four-of-kind for $100 bonus, straight flush for $250 and the Royal Flush progressive jackpots. Spades, Hearts, Clubs and Diamonds all have different payouts. Look at the monitor screen to see how much is paying if you hit the Royal. If anyone makes a royal over $5K then all players in that table receive $200 on the house.I do consume some alcohol once gambling and the single beautiful women I see walk by is very distracting which doesn't help. On many occasions, I have gotten up from the poker table while being in a hand just to talk to women haha no lie.You really can't tell if some of these girls are "working" the fact that every girl you see inside a casino is pretty much wearing the same mini bitty sexy dress with high heels. In conclusion, the dealers here are cool and conversational. It's a nice small poker room with a view. You also get to hear great music play in the Heart Center Bar which makes you feel like you're in a club in a way. I would recommend Planet Hollywood poker room to anyone wanting to try a few hands of poker.
2	This is a mixed review and It was hard to decide how many stars to give this place. I play here often enough that one would assume that I like it a lot. Not always the case. I do track my play and I am up at this room, I walk away a winner more often than not. It is a young, hip, touristy room and because of that the competition is fairly week. Solid players should not have a problem turning a profit in this room as the games tend to be soft. The cocktail service is always good. The waitress comes around often and I never have to wait very long to get my order. They don't offer any draft, just the standard selection of bottles one would expect to find at a casino.That being said, this room is typically not well ran and some of dealers really have no business working here or in any other poker room for that matter. I hate to put him on blast, but wow, Al is the slowest dealer ever. Seriously, ever. He cannot keep the game going, he cannot multi-task and if there is any kind of distraction, cocktail waitress, football game or god forbid, someone actually trying to have a conversation with him, forget about it. You might as well use the 30 minutes when he is at the table to stretch your legs and take a bathroom break. You might get 8 or 9 hands dealt in 30 minutes if you are lucky. There are a few really good dealers here but  they change tables every half hour. So during a 3 hour session I'm lucky if 2 out of the 6 dealers that work my table are among those select few. Also, this is not really a poker "room" but rather a group of tables surrounded with some velvet rope smack in the middle of the casino. Which amounts to one thing: an abundance of cigarette smoke. Players, spectators and people just passing by can smoke less than a foot from where I'm playing. I try to sit toward the middle of the "room" whenever possible. It doesn't really matter though, I still breath it and smell like an ashtray when I leave. After writing this review I'm actually not sure why I even patronize this place. Ahhh the things I do for good EV.
4	this is pretty cool poker room.. a few different tournaments everyday.. and the $1/$2 tables is pretty good.. the crowd however tends be all guys.. but i guess that's with poker in general
3	This is a great poker room, not because of the people playing, not because of the low rake, not because the cards are pretty, but because the dealers have to wear the ugliest casino shirts ever.Seriously, I've spent a lot of time in this poker room...it's cheap-ish, usually has soem toolbags to take advantage of, and the dealers are friendly.  It's no Bellagio poker room, but it will do in a pinch, and it's by the pleasure pit.  Take that for whatever it's worth.  But who doesn't want pleasure, and a pit while playing poker?
3	As some of the other reviews mention, this room is good and bad, and for very different reasons.Lets start with the bad: It's in Planet Hollywood, and I consider PH a shitty place to gamble and stay at overall. In the early AM hours, there's trashy hookers that roam the place, the dealers at the gaming tables can be rude, the high limit room is nonexistent, and the clientele makes me feel like I'm in a Little Wayne music video while being in a fraternity house all at the same time. I didn't mean for this to turn into a general PH review, so moving on to the Poker room. You can smell smoke from the room because it's not really a room but an area cut out of the casino floor for poker. The seats are not comfortable. And the poker players here are some of the rudest players I've played with. So why the 3 star rating?Well, trashy players and uncomfortable seats don't mean its a bad game. Quite the opposite. This place is for casual players who like to drink-too-much while playing which translates into a few donkeys in every table, which then translates into more profit for others! The dealers are decent, the waitresses are great, and there's more of a party vibe and less of a serious vibe at these tables. On a side note: Even though I've done a lot of Planet Hollywood bashing, there's one thing I do like about PH: The Buffet!
1	My romantic tryst with the Planet Hollywood Poker Room has ended after only a week. The amazing room I once knew and loved is long gone and has been replaced by a poorly run, poorly dealt, poorly lit excuse for a poker room. The dealers are subpar, the tournaments are basically run like a bar game(this is not a compliment), and the room is smoky. I am unsure how this room could go so far downhill but it is beyond saving at this point.
4	A decent but unremarkable room.Competition - Not swimming with sharks like the Aria.  Can range from very solid to VERY loose, and I've seen huge amounts of money (over $5000 at one table on my last trip) on the table in the 1-2 game.Dealers - In general, they're technically sound and keep the game moving.  A few of them are a little too distracted by chatting up the locals, but that seems to be the case in every Vegas room these days.Location - It's adjacent to the Pleasure Pit, so there are moments when it can be very loud.  Also close to the restrooms.Tourneys - The $70 buy-in/$1000 guarantee looks good on paper, but really only works if there are a small number of entrants.  On my last trip, I played a morning tourney with 28 buy-ins, which equals $1960 in total buy-ins; however, the total prize pool, spread over the top 3 spots, was barely more than $1400.  So that's some serious juice that the house is taking, and there are better structures in town.I'd return to play the cash games, but not the tourneys.
4	I love the big Boobie card ladies, they're pretty chill. And the inside mall was pretty awesome. The sky was nicely painted.
4	I discovered the poker room on my a previous trip to Vegas. I used to always play at the MGM Grand or before that at the Bellagio, but recently I have found tournaments to be more and more enticing. Planet Hollywood runs some pretty interesting tournaments throughout the day, and the guaranteed 1st place is a great incentive for me to play here. The room itself is not a room, instead it is open to the floor which is probably one of the biggest drawbacks since you get a lot of the smoke from passersby and the screaming of little children being dragged by their parents through the casino. That said, it is well located just off from the guest elevators. There are some odd things other than the placement of the room, like they have a menu from PF Changs that you can order from, but they don't have any carts, so you have to eat from your lap. I think, if they are going to both allowing food in the poker room, they might want to invest in a few carts for the floor. The dealers are friendly and many of them play in the tournaments, so it is kind of nice to have played them in the afternoon, only to have them as your dealer in the evening. I like getting to know the dealers on and off the tables, so this is a great way to do so. The tables themselves are fairly new with a high loft to them making it easy to flip up the ends of your cards and take a peak. The chairs are comfy and allow you to raise them up higher (if you are a shorty like me) or lower, as needed. Drinks are offered fairly frequently (they come by about every 15 minutes) and I think that is in part because they are right on the floor! Who knows!
3	This is a solid poker room that exhibits a lot of the problems poker rooms have when casinos don't invest in them.  To start, this is just an area off of the casino floor.  This allows excess noise, and at times, smoke, to encroach on the room.  If you are looking to drink and have fun, this is a good room for that.  I don't like to drink while I play generally, so that's why it's not one of my favorites.The dealers are technically proficient and generally very friendly.  They make it fun for you.  This room is not entirely tourists, but the percentage of locals in my experience is not as high as it is in other rooms.  You can get NLHE just about any time of the day.
3	As you'll read in all the other reviews PH poker "room" is not really a room. It's a bunch of tables roped off together with a waiting list and podium right next to a bar that plays music and has a lot of traffic/smoke. If your main objective is to play against weaker/loose players this is your best bet for $1/$2, but the swings are very big. You will be one of the only ones taking yourself seriously if you go there to grind and stay quite. Comes down to if it's worth it for you to have a better return on investment for your $ playing cash games there, to put up with the obstacles of dealers not paying attention, smoke, noise, etc. The tables have a racetrack of Marble about 5-6 inches wide which doesnt always make it the easiest to slide your cards from the main felt they are dealt on, to yourself to look at them. Easily some of the loosest best $1/2$ games I've ever played there. Don't bother with their tournaments, to short stacked, not enough starting chips, or players to make it worthwile for $70, go to venetian or Aria for there daily tournies and spend $120 and have a shot at $3-4k+
2	Good room for beginners. Not much else to say that hasn't been covered in all of the other reviews. I wouldn't play in this poker room if I weren't staying in this hotel. Great place to buy in cheap to just sit and get drunk.
5	Fun , Chill Spot ,Free Drinks ,Hot Women and a Chance to Test your Skills .
1	The worst run poker tournament I have ever played. Not one thing was good except I won. We went hours without a waitress to serve us drinks. The dealers were all amateurs that had little to no experience. They were rude and mistreated the players. The tournament director lied to get the game over with. They ignored the dealers and made them work long hours without a break. The chips are not color coded properly. They constantly tried to sell you a 7 dollar slice of pizza and massages over the load speaker also screaming goal during the soccer game which was very annoying.
3	Not my most favorite places to play too many amateur on vacation players here. My husband and i have been playing here because of promotion if you get 20 hours in a week you get in this tourney free and 30 players get 577.00. Its hard to grind here skill beats luck a lot of days so if your an abc player not the place for you but for an action junkie this place is like disneyland. The dealers are really friendly and pretty accurate so not many mistakes on the table. The biggest mystery is the dollar they take for the "jackpot" which there is only one a royal flush and the amount they take well covers it and then some. The other day another person asked the dealer what the dollar was for and he avoided the question. The time before that the other dealer said the 500 jackpot and the tournament they have for players that get 20 hours per week. If you do the math you it's more accurate to say the max rake is 6.00 not 5.00.  The tournament is poorly structured, and has been dying out from the first time I played.
