5	You have never had a pierogie until you've driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants, these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states. If the only pierogies you've ever had were the frozen Mrs. T's you got at Giant Eagle, do yourself a favor and check Pierogies Plus out.
5	In Pittsburgh, there IS no other place to get pierogies. Everything is made by hand, fresh every day. And the mix of languages while you wait is a real treat! There are over 30 kinds of pierogies and now that they have expanded, there are a variety of salads and some desserts available too. Don't forget about the haluski and stuffed cabbage! They've been on the Food Network with Bobby Flay, Food Finds, Dave & Dave from WQED, and in numerous newspaper articles. You won't find anything more authentic or delicious as this place. And they ship too!
5	Years after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.The people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. It can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
5	These are the best pierogies EVER!  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie, which is not that spicy, but has excellent flavor.  It is such a treat to get these when I'm back in town!
5	Love butter? Then get thee to Pierogies Plus.I live in St. Louis, and it seems like the only pierogi I can find are in my grocer's freezer. Oh, but when I go home to Pittsburgh, I can have as much of the chewy, flavorful, buttery goodness as I desire from Pierogies Plus.The place still looks like an old service station with a tiny building and a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside, though, magical elves... uh... I mean fabulous Polish women... create deliciousness with love -- and butter. Have I mentioned that butter is a part of the deal? Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.Oh, but you'll be happy you did. I'm vegetarian, so I only order meat-free pierogi. I'm in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties. When you pick up a hot order, you'll get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onions. No, I'm serious -- the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It's the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside a styrofoam container and a plastic bag, because butter WILL spill out.You also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to, say, lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in a far-off city.Besides many varieties of pierogi, you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time, I had some apricot blintzes, a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy. I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes when I visit next.Awesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and I steal all of the coupons from our families so that I can get a steady stream of discounted Polish goodness each time I visit.The only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays. I totally understand it -- family time is important! -- but that often coincides with my visits (I head east around the holidays mainly because I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day). I've learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule, though, because I MUST have yummy goodness. A pierogi-less Allison is a cranky Allison.
5	These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
4	I was planning to attend a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that I wanted to check out. A friend of mine insisted that I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While I have never been a huge fan of pierogies, I figured that I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places I enjoy. Let's just say in this case, he hit the ball out of the park.I actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in a rental car and plugging in my GPS, imagine my surprise when my GPS announced "You have reached your destination." and I found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station. When I walked inside and up to the counter, I found a crew of Polish women rocking out every kind of Pierogi imaginable. I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.Wanting to try everything, I wound up going with their Sampler Platter #1 which was a small haluski (a noodle and cabbage mixture), a stuffed cabbage, and four pierogi ( I wound up going with a potato with bacon, potato with cheese, potato with jalapeno, and potato with meat). The food was outrageously good. I'm actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical dryness that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski, a dish I had never heard of, was amazing.While I can't expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus, do yourself a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly will appreciate it!
5	Traditional, tasty, fabulous.  Order pierogies cold or hot for a buck or two more.  They always carry 4 main types of pierogies, with about 25 other kinds you can special order.  There is always a line, which says enough.  I never get tired of their halupki either.  If you can deal with the billy graham leaflets and focus on the food, you'll come out a winner.  Oh yeah, if you can, ask for the senior discount!
5	Little ladies, sitting in the back of a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of a hill, making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions... it almost sounds like a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale, but this is no tale - the finest pierogies I've ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station, and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family's goods.While in line I met folks from Rhode Island, Kentucky, and North Carolina, who all had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to see their families - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying a dozen of these filling, savory, perfect pierogies, I think once I move away from here I will be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself.
1	Well for my first time here I was way less than impressed. The lady at the front counter was a crab and  the Pierogies really weren't that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies. I guess Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T's is still my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly. I wouldn't go back
5	Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!
4	OMG good pierogis in a classic blue collar 'hood. At first glance, it looks like a place to get a flat fixed on your tire. Instead, I re-learn why I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to! It's well worth the mapquest ...
4	Some great pierogies are expertly handmade with "tender loving care," here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality, I tell you. They're definitely worthy of a pierogi pilgrimage. Order them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sell them cold to take home too. Hot and buttery, buttery, buttery, and covered in sauteed onions is how you'll get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese, potato and sauerkraut, and hot sausage varieties. Delicious, them all.
5	Best pierogies in tahn!  I usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I've also tried a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus.  These pierogies can't be beat.  Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style, I have yet to find better.It's amazing to get there at 10:55am, 5 minutes before they open and see the mad rush of people getting pierogies.  By 11am, the line is already out the door.  Always a good sign.  They serve their pierogies hot, cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions.  And here at Pierogies Plus, they are definitely worth the wait.
5	Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
5	Apricot with cream cheese, who would have thought...love this place, love it so much.  Print the 10% off coupon on their website before going in.   Make sure u print it out, they will not accept it other wise.
5	This place has some amazing homemade pierogies! I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T.'s potato types and boy, was I missing out! We stopped one night and got a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is a small table outside to eat, but only standing room to order inside.They had special order pierogies that sounded amazing, but they suggest a 2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they will have leftover specialty ones for sale, but it all depends on the day. They also have haluski, stuffed cabbage and other things that I am looking forward to trying next time.
5	This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door all day on Good Friday. I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great, too, of course!
5	WARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK -----CHEAP, frozen, cold or hot.  PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm------g8 food.  Outside in good weather there is a couple little tables to sit at., but not during the winter/early spring.  MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME . hours monday 11-6, tues-friday 11-7 -----   closed sat/sun
5	Yummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless, when I received my food it was streaming hot. Let's just say for me it was worth the wait.
5	Best pierogies I've ever had.  And, seeing as how I'm from Pittsburgh.... that's a lot.  The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing!!!  GO.
3	This place was really good.  Ordered the sampler plate with one small haluski, one stuffed cabbage, four pierogies. I have to admit the haluski was EPIC!!! OMG THE BEST I WAS LIKE WHAT AM I EATING!! SOOOO FREAKIN GOOD!!  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn't as amazing, but it was tasty. The crab cake was nasty. Yuck!!!
4	Good pierogies, but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently, this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However, if I ever happen to be in McKees Rocks, Ill make sure to keep this spot in mind.
1	I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers, something smelled odd.  When I started to eat, it tasted just as odd.  As it turns out, what is referred to as 'butter sauce' is a misrepresentation of what it really is-----margarine, which I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it, butter makes for a better product.  Sorry Allison B, ain't no butter here.  Margarine is used as a cost-cutting measure, and it just can't measure up.  I rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions.   The haluski got thrown away.  For the prices being charged for these products, the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.
5	Great food!  I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened.  Great food all around!  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as well as the Pierogies.
3	Decent pierogies but not the best I've had. I've eaten @ Pierogies Plus two times. Both times I got the potato & cheese pierogies. They are good however they come in WAY too much butter/oil. They are probably soaked in at least a half a cup or more of butter/oil. When I get them I have to take them out of all the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if I ate them as is. Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent. However, they are pretty pricey. About $12 for 1 dozen. Recommend eating here if you're passing through or nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way.
