3	Little brother to the original Coco. But not quite the same vibe. The place is fair, but not memorable enough to go out of your way.
5	There are several locations today of this trending breakfast chain, much prefer the Fabreville location rather than the St-Dorothe one.Pros :- Many delicious breakfast options to choose from. My favorite plate by far is the Choco Coco but feel free to try out their many many delicious options.- Plates are HUUUUUGE.- The potatoes are fantastic, especially with the 50/50 cheese on it. A great way to start a day with this brunch.Cons :- Always packed during the weekends from 9 AM to 12 PM and this location is far better than the St-Dorothe location where wait times can go upwards to an hour wait.- Terrible seating arrangements at times. Nothing is more frustrating than waiting for half an hour while you look at a couple having breakfast in a huge 4 seat bunkers and having to wait even longer when you're in a bigger group.- Service is very hectic and the quality of it differs wildly from one server to the next. Sometimes you get a fantastic waiter who sees you right away, brings your coffee promptly, refills regularly, bothers to chat with you and provide you some level of entertainment, makes sure you're happy, then more times than not, you get.... nothing. Wait 30-40 minutes to get in, get seats, only get your coffee 10-15 minutes after seating... trying to get their attention to order? Unacceptable.Overall, I recommend Allo Mon Coco, it's a great place to eat. However, service leaves to be desired. Perhaps they require more staff to deal with the popularity they earned, or better business practices on how to get things done better... or simply better training on how to get your clients taken care of in a professional and amicable way will not only solve the lack of service and long waits.... will not only solve their long waits.... but also earn everyone involved more money at the end of the day.
5	Great food, generous portions, fast friendly service. Cozy environment lots of variety in plates.
