5	I am so glad I found this place! Ready made meals that are healthy, fresh, and don't taste bad! Where has this concept been all my life? I have probably cut my average daily caloric intake in half (at least) by getting my food here and I don't feel hungry. When I first looked at their website, I saw that the food came in different portions and assumed that the "small" was going to be like three bites and that's why it was so low calorie. Wrong! I honestly can eat three of these a day with maybe a snack and not feel hungry.Between working full time and my other regular activities (plus being single and only having myself to feed) cooking just doesn't really fit into my schedule. I tend to eat out way too often, and I was feeling really unhealthy and gaining weight. I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food. It isn't cheap, but if your previous lifestyle was like mine, neither was that. If you compare the prices to a family buying in bulk or a student living off ramen and spaghetti, then yes, it's ridiculously expensive. If you compare it to going out to dinner several times a week and grabbing lunch out someplace regularly, it's the same price or cheaper. I'm still in the process of trying things and figuring out what I like and what I don't, but so far I have found a fair amount of things that taste good. I add hot sauce to a lot of things or a little salt and pepper, but really, they do a pretty good job.
2	This place will give you a pre-packaged meal with about the same amount and quality of food as a frozen diet meal. And just like a diet meal, it shows the calorie count, and nutrition info. Only instead of paying about two dollars for a healthy choice or smart one's meal, they charge closer to nine dollars. I thought it was a rip off. The food tastes a lot like a tv dinner. And I was turned off by the fact that they offer to microwave it for you. I will not be returning to spend nine bucks on a one of their overpriced tv dinners.
4	NOW that I have been to all of the My Fit Foods stores.. I have to say I will review this one NOT on concept...Because the concept...I love... and it works! ... For someone like me... a traveler...a single, fit girl, who has a food allergy and who likes fresh...easy and now... (and by the way...THIS isn't comparing to ANY frozen diet food , hence the other review!.... EVER eat fresh and healthy....Lean Cuisine...frozen and sodium laced with a bunch of preservatives...??? Read your labels, girl!...) This is my go to happy place now! For usually less than $6, I can have a nice fresh, gluten healthy meal that is savvy and diet friendly. I yup that with a nice tossed salad of my making and voila, I have my own need and want to splurge come weekend date time! So with that in mind. This location is just a bit on the 'hover craft' side. But I still like them. Who knows if they are on a commission ... or the 'boss' was lurking in the back watching the staff. I did not like being asked every 10 seconds if I was okay. I said I was okay and I am STILL okay now.. haha... and get this.. I will be in about 1 minute! Can't blame the unfriendly and over helpful though..in these times that is a little hard to come by. My Fit Foods is a great concept. NOW if My Fit Foods could take over the fast food nation maybe America would not be the worlds most obese nation...oh well...it's a dream!
5	This place is GREAT!  People here are friendly and helpful.  I'm always greeted with a smile, and if I have any questions, they are ready and able to answer.  It's a small store with food in the fridge that was obviously prepared with care and attention.  The food is divided up into meals; breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It is fresh, tasty and will satisfy you with a variety of  choices.  As a vegetarian, I too have many choices and always feel as if I've had a gourmet meal, not just  boring stuff I would slap together for myself. ( There is plenty  variety for the carnivore too!)The prices are very, very reasonable, and very affordable.  I also bought some snack bars with low calories and high on taste.  These were probably less expensive than bars you would normally get in larger stores, and they are better quality as far as calories and nutrition go. I have often thought of visiting each morning and buying three meals a day just to stay healthy. It' would probably be less expensive than all that I spend at Fry's.I HIGHLY recommend My Fit Foods..
5	Always on it when I come in before my multi day trips. Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready. I love that this My FF is open on Ray so I don't have to drive up to PV anymore! The staff is knowledgable and always helpful. Love the B12 mix. Always good for flying red eyes and not landing sluggish. Being healthy is a choice and MY FF makes it easy and convenient! Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ? Someday?
2	I couldn't tell what this place was exactly from the storefront's appearance and name so curiosity got the best of me and I finally went in today.  Great concept!  The woman inside was very nice and helpful in explaining the program to me.  I bought 3 meals to take home and try:  Butternut Pork, Forbidden Chicken and Herb Roasted Chicken.  The pork and the Herb Roasted Chicken both came with the same vegetables; carrots and zucchini.  My honest opinion??  Not good.  Even with BBQ sauce on the chicken and the veggies...I did not enjoy.  The chicken had a strange 'old' taste and the veggie had no detectable seasoning on them.  They were very bland and strangely, seemed to have absorbed whatever the strange 'old' taste was from the chicken.  The pork had the same weird taste and bland veggies.  I did not enjoy this either.  The broccolini and rice from the Forbidden Chicken meal were ok.  But the chicken was the exact same as the Herb Roasted, same exact seasoning.  Again, did not enjoy.I feel confident that the other meals must be better than these because if they all tasted this way, noone would eat here.Again, I love the concept, and the woman inside was very nice.  I think the prices are ok too, provided the food is fresh, seasoned and enjoyable.  But what I tried tonight was very hard to swallow.  I am hopeful that I can go back tomorrow and discuss my troubles with someone understanding who might let me 'exchange' the yucky stuff and try some other options.  I understand that every business has a bad day once in a while.  I really do want to be able to enjoy this place.  Hopefully I can change my rating to a better one!We'll see!
5	I still love My Fit Foods. This place is a FRESH food concept different than any other around, & yes, that does mean another Fresh place with foods costing nearly the same. The difference here is, that the food is made fresh and take a look... The ingredients are not processed! It's not a sodium-laden frozen food meal you grab at a grocery store and it lasts into next year, this actually is clean-eating. For those of us who care about what we put into our bodies or with serious allergies, that's very important. Tonight I brought my boyfriend here to stock up on the next five days of meals. Why? Well, because we need a little revamping of our diets and why not get back to clean eating and doing what is good for the body? No. A frozen lean cuisine isn't as good for you as you think; read the label:) What I love, besides that it's made fresh , and local, is that you can order and pick it up when your ready and they will adhere to any allergy or dietary needs that you have. Kombucha !!
5	Helpful staff and very knowledgeable. Love how the food is packaged especially for those days when I'll be eating alone. Or, when I just want to eat differently. Food is fresh and not the run of the mill frozen diet food entre.
