4	This is a great salon with great prices and service!
5	I love getting my nails and pedicure done here, The staff is so courteous and they all do such a great job.  The prices are always reasonable.
2	I had originally planned to go to Margarita Nails based on their excellent reviews. But they were really busy and Ladies Nails was in the same shopping center and only had one customer so I decided to give them a shot. I kinda wish I hadn't. I got a gelish manicure and a pedicure. The woman who gave me the pedicure was Caucasian, which was a little odd because this is a Vietnamese owned salon. She was super sweet, as a matter of fact all of the ladies were. They just didn't do a great job. My manicure was done somewhat haphazardly. She didn't pay any care to the shape of my nails. Some ended up very square, while some have a much rounder edge. The polish job wasn't the greatest. I ended up with some sloppiness around the edges. The gal (not the same gal doing my pedi) offered to do a chevron design on my nails which I wanted, but when it came to it she wasn't able to do it. I ended up with a flower design instead. It's cute and all, but flower designs are a little played out. This was my first gel mani but I felt like my hands spent entirely too much time under the UV lights. It was uncomfortably hot at certain points. My pedicure was fine. The sugar rub was nice and she did a great job at my callous removal, but the paint job and shape of my nails was just kinda, meh. All in all, it cost me $65. I tipped a total of $20 ($10 each) which I thought was pretty good - being a 33% tip to each. But when the Caucasian girl told the Vietnamese girl that I had tipped $20, the Vietnamese woman said "$20 each?". Really? For that subpar job? And while I'm standing right there? Pfft. I won't be back. Margarita Nails got great reviews and were super busy for a reason. And Ladies Nails was completely empty, FOR A REASON!
4	I have been going to this salon since I moved here in 2010. They know me by name, are incredibly gracious to my guests and never pressure you into buying any extras. Most of them give great massages and the one or two that don't as first, are open to suggestions and critique. Great bunch of employees. Very respectful to each other and their customers.
