2	Abysmal food, sweet staffDewar's Clubhouse is the sole full service restaurant in the south end of terminal 3.  Or I would more say it is a bar that pretends to serve food - the burger was the worst one I have had in years and the french fries that went with were soft.  I had actually ordered onion rings instead...but that is another story.
3	came here for a quick drink before a flight. It was ok people were friendly and service was fast..
3	Had one drink, didn't eat. I was the only customer at the time. Bartender was friendly, my drink was fine, bar was clean and comfortable.
3	I don't know if this is more than an American airport staple.  For airport fare, above average but 3 stars is above average for Airport fare.  Great service, typical selection of beer, wine, cocktails.  Food is mediocre but typical for most airports that I travel thru(most Vegas and Calgary).  This rating is for the new Terminal 3 location.
1	Terribly slow service.  Took us 15 mins to order and the waitresses here look like they'd rather go swim in the sewer than serve customers.  My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger with fries and told them we only had 20 mins before boarding.  The waitress looked at us as if we were dead rats and walked away.  15 minutes pass by and we keep on seeing a burger sitting at the counter but the waitress just ignored it.  We asked if that was our burger and she goes, "NO", but then we saw her pack it into our to-go box which we had to get because she let the burger sit there for 10 minutes instead of bringing it to us and we ran out of time to eat.To make matters worse, they gave us onion rings instead of fries.  My honey wanted to share the fries with me and because I'm allergic to onions, he wasn't able do that now.  He told me the burger was worse than ones he would get at McDonalds, dry and cold. AVOID this place at all costs!!!!!
1	We weren't impressed at all with the quality or taste of the food we ordered and received.  And the staff were not attentive at all.  Maybe they should hire more staff.   A sad excuse for a spot to grab a bite, even for an airport.
1	Travellers, unless you are flying out of SFO or JFK, food options in airports are just plain limited. Las Vegas, home of some of the best restaurants in the world, one would would expect to have at least decent food as a final goodbye.  Other than  Starbucks, the food options suck at Mccarran. Today I ate at Dewars and the experience could not be more awful. Food was sub park service was non existent, etc. the dining room decor was nice enough. I am shocked that a global brand like dewars would allow their names to be put on this travesty of a restaurant. Yuck. Avoid.
1	The place looks quite lovely... They spent some time and money developing an atmosphere well done... Sadly that's  where the good ends...  Our service, it was ok nothing great but nothing that would turn me off forever. Now for the food... If you're looking at the menu and are expecting what you see in the pictures well it's time to readjust your expectations... Drastically!!  I ordered the "Classic Burger" when it came out it was a well done hockey puck, it was cold and it came as a build your own sandwich complete with mayo and ketchup packets... Well so much for that atmosphere they spent all that money on! However I know how they paid for that atmosphere... My drink was a gin and tonic and when it came i was incredibly watered down and they charged me $10.69 for it!!! Really??!! The food was terribleThe drinks are a complete rip offThis place looks nice, but that's itI RECOMMEND YOU STAY AWAY!!
2	Terminal 3 at McCarren only has 2 actual restaurants (really more pub-like) and a bunch of fast food joints.  My flight was delayed and I hadn't eaten so decided to kill some time with breakfast.  The service was good and if I was hungover I would like the heavy food.  I ordered sausage and eggs over easy.  They brought it on a big sort of tray lined with what looked like waxy newsprint.  It was actually a kind of cute idea.  The eggs were done the way I like them but the sausage was these thin, uniformed shaped patties like you might see in a McSomething.  Salty and greasy and odd texture.  There were a LOT of potatoes which I actually liked.  They were big square chunks I think deep fried and with possibly old-bay.  There were just WAY too many.  Service; GoodEggs: GoodPotatoes: GoodSausage: WeirdIf I get delayed again and I'm hungry I will give it another shot.. .hopefully not in the morning so I'll be ready for a burger or something more typical of a pub.
