5	This is my third time here and I do have to say that I absolutely LOVE this Coffee Bean! The staff is beyond friendly, the facility is very spacious and clean, the drinks are delicious and consistent with the CB quality we've all come to know and love and the WiFi is rock solid. As this is the newest Coffee Bean in the valley, some have complained about the intermittent WiFi, but I can tell you that whatever problems they may have had initially, have been resolved. The speed tests I've conducted from my laptop over the past several trips here have hit an impressive average of 10-13 Mbps (download) and 1-2 Mbps (upload), even while others were sharing the bandwidth as well. Being the new kid in town, this Coffee Bean is relatively mellow for now (which is good for those of you in school who like to study at coffee shops ;)), but something tells me that once people discover this hidden gem in The Lakes, it'll become a favorite spot for all to share.
2	On the scale of coffee chains I prefer coffee bean to starbucks but less than dunkin donuts. I was stoked when this location opened, but that quickly soured.The wifi is awful and the place is overrun with parents and kids. The parents are fine, but the kids are usually small and loud. It's Summerlin and I'm used to it, but I don't like it.The wifi was both slow and not capable of working with my chrome browser. That's unacceptable and I won't return any time soon...which is a shame.The outdoor seating and club chairs inside are very comfortable. Rather than deal with kids and non-working wifi I'll take my coffee work time elsewhere. There are coffee joints every 10 seconds you drive around here.
5	SOOOOO excited this opened...it along with Jamba juice took over this long over due "used to be" McDonalds building.It has a drive thru and I don't have much to say (because thats how i patronized this place) other than the green tea is delicious.Be back for a more exciting review when I try other things!
3	The coffees and frozen drinks are very good. The yogurt was premade, so the granola was mushy.
5	What a lovely spacious Coffee and Tea house! Great location and A large patio area! My favorite is the Hazlenut Ice blend topped with whip! The wait was short..Service good..And beautiful art displayed!
5	COFFEE BEAN, SaharaA brand NEW, EXTRA SPACIOUS Coffee Bean with great service; inviting seating areas inside and outside! - If you like Coffee Bean, you'll love this particular one!YELPIER DETAILS:- One afternoon, I was actually heading for Starbucks on Sahara and Fort Apachi, but the way to Starbucks was blocked and I was forced to make a left turn in the parking lot, and was totally surprised to spot a brand new Coffee Bean, with people sitting in its huge, attractive, covered patio with high ceilings and ceiling fans! I ventured in and was cheerfully greeted by the barista! I really loved this place with its bright, spacious, comfortable setup! The lounge has huge pic windows looking out into its gorgeous patio and streets!More importantly, its staff here was exceptionally friendly and cheerful! One of the staff even offered to carry the order of an elderly customer to his table! Good training! The young lady manager was also busily helping out and greeting customers around her, making customers feel welcome! I like that in a boss! The drinks and food items were up to normal standards, as expected! - The main door to the restrooms was tastefully "hidden" behind a wall paper! The men's room was large, equipped with no touch forcet, and kept super clean!I really love this place and will start coming here more often! Give it a try, you'll like it!Peterskis, Oct 2012---
1	I got a double espresso and had to throw it in the trash. I have not had an espresso that disgusting ever.
5	Love this place!  They know my drink and my name!!  (7 shot 33 oz  Americana with hazelnut/sugar free vanilla with no no water over ice!) I know it sounds intense (and it is) but the taste of their coffee is like no other - better than any coffee house I've ever been to anywhere, so far.  Plus the prices are reasonable.They even offer a coffee card for $25 dollars with a free drink.  The Barista's are always friendly and get your drink out A.S.A.P. As an committed ex-Starbucker - I have found my new coffee home and will never look back again...
1	Worst service I've ever encountered in a chain coffee company store. Usually I love CBTL, but their employees are unfocused and immature. These guys get my order wrong every time. They've yelled at me from across the room "hey, burrito" at me, which feels rude, am I right? I've heard an employee's sexcapades. Not cute. It will be awhile before I return to this location, which is a shame since it's so close to me.
4	It was alright. It has a cool bar to charge your laptop. The gluten free carrot muffin is pretty good.
2	Coffee Beans are generally my corporate coffee places of choice because of the variety of pastries which can be heated upon request, a smoother coffee offering, and just because, in this case, it was closer to my home when I needed to get out of the house to work.Unfortunately, after repeatedly experiencing really inexcusably bad internet service causing me to lose work, work much slower, and in tonight's case, not even get online, I will not return.Plus, the noisy children who seem to frequent after school kinda aren't my thing. Sorry parents, but your lovely children's voices really aren't that lovely all the time. Hate to break it to you. Might want to stop using this location as a place to babysit...In any case, it's a nice venue and if they ever get their act together with the internet issue, which ironically, is provided as a sponsorship of the local paper, then maybe...But until then, if you're looking for a place to work, there's a very accommodating, quiet, and helpful Starbucks with excellent internet service, up the street in Summerlin.
5	Great Service.... I usually go to the location closest to my house but today I went out of my way to this location & the 2 girls that were working were absolutely Great & Super freindly... This location is now my go to!!!
5	I can only review on the Red Velvet Cocoa. I never had it before today and all I can say is, "Yummy!"
4	Personally, I think The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf is one of the better coffee franchises out there. Their coffees taste better and their chai tea is pretty good. I even like their blended drinks better. The last time I was there, I had this rocky road drink that was ridiculously sweet and delicious. My sister had this caramel blended drink that she liked better than Starbucks'. In her words, "this ACTUALLY tastes like caramel!"This particular location is really nice and comfy. They have a couple of couches and free wifi. Overall, I'd prefer to stop by here first than to stop by Starbucks.
4	Great location.  The staff is great.  Anthony-my German Shepherd-& I are always treated wonderfully.  I wish they had a card like Starbucks.  (And that they had a really large size like them!)  Overall this is a good store.  The iced tea & lemonade is my hot weather drink!
4	I have visited this location twice. The employees are always friendly and my drinks always come out great!I had a coupon for a free drink once and the barista gave me the largest one I could get. It was nice of him to recommend it.
5	5 stars for the wonderful honest staff. My husband left his bag outside with his kindle etc... I called hours later and they had stepped outside where we were sitting to put the bag in the back when they realized we left without it. I couldn't thank them enough! The reason we come here is for the wonderful pastries (they're the only coffee bean that carries some of the same ones we used to get in California) and of course the coffee and tea is MUCH better than the "other" franchise. I told them how much I love a certain pastry and they ordered it for me. I just love this staff!!! Thank you!!
4	Wide-open and spacious environment with ample indoor and outdoor seating. Indoor seating lacks power outlets in most areas. The store is clean and the service is prompt and friendly. Bring a book and settle or meet a friend over a cup.
1	The two women working this morning were very polite and acknowledged me when I got there but...they were short staffed for so early in the morning and didn't care that everyone could hear them complaining to each other that they were both overwhelmed. I came because there's good seating here and it gives me room to do work. But I didn't care for my drink.  I love cappuccinos and I love the red velvet hot chocolate but I don't know what happened back there during this "rush" but it wasn't good.  I've worked in a coffee shop before and it didn't seem like something you could mess up, but it is what it is.  At least I had coffee before work today.I love the coffee bean maybe next time my experience will be a little better.
3	Large iced mocha extra shot is all I ever get. Pricey, but tasty.When the weather's nice, it's great sitting out on the patio area. There's also a gas fire box & ceiling fans.Free WiFi is also nice.
1	I'm big on customer service and this location was lacking any customer service. I was not greeted when walking up to the counter by the 2 workers behind the counter. One was making drinks and the taking orders at the drive thru. When I was greeted by the drive thru person she said "we'll be right with you" but I stood there for another couple minutes until someone came out from the back and said "have you been helped?" (In a not so enthusiastic voice) when I finally got my drink it was given by the barista who also had no enthusiasm for being there or serving. On top of it all my drink was too sweet. I will not be going back to this location. They could learn a thing or two about service from Starbucks. It also was not busy. There was only one other person who ordered a drink before me (in the store)
1	Good coffee, horrible service. I was the only one in the store and the young girl at the counter was abrasive and made me feel as she was doing men's favor by helping me. Every question short and no 'Thank you', 'please', 'my pleasure', at all. I would have been happier if she would have at least faked it. On top of that, they slam everything in the store (behind the counter) and make being in the store uncomfortable. Sad to say that you lost a customer because you tolerate a surly employee.
