5	Bought laptop from Alex and was impressed with his no nonsense style.  He was very informative and friendly.   I was surprised when he aswered his phone after business hour to help me with a problem.  Looking forward to continue doing business with Alex.
5	I would highly recommend  Foxetech to anyone who has computer issues.  Here is my story, we are a small business with about 15 employees, we started having  computer problems and did not know where to go.  After calling 4 different business for service and getting no response from left voicemails or someone telling me that they will call back and never do, I tried Foxetech.  We needed prompt service  because I was leaving for our office in Las Vegas the next day.  Foxetech answered the phone on the second ring , was vey helpful attempting to assist us over the phone to resolve our issues, when that didn't work I asked for service that day.  Foxetech  technician Alex said his day was full but told me he would be out to fix our issue between 5 pm and  7 pm that night.  Wow!  That's service, Alex did just what he said, he was at our door promptly and stayed until 9 pm resolving our computer issues in order to accommodate my schedule.  I will make it my mission to tell everyone I know to use Foxetech for their computer needs.  They have a lifelong customer with my company , that's what business is all about.  Thank you Alex  and Foxetech.
4	Nice guy. I came in for an advertised laptop with a certain feature. They'd sold it the day before, but he had another that was a few bucks less. He was generous enough to upgrade the RAM for me for free.I'd recommend this company if you need business grade used computer gear.
5	Bought a laptop for school. Alex was very informative, no B.S approach which i appreciate. I told him what i needed a laptop for and how much I was willing to spend , and he pointed me in the right direction. Definitely my new place for computer related issues.
5	When I purchased a used Dell from Foxetech Alex was great to work with.  I give me several options and was able to find something that was able to work with my budget.  He as also been very helpful with repairs and upgrades.
5	Amazing customer service,pricing, selection, everything here is just what I needed! I highly recommend them! If you are having any problems with your laptop of computer and are thinking about fixing it, don't! Just bring it in to Fox E-Tech and for a flat fee they'll what ever is wrong with it if it's possible. Trust me I learned the hard way. Even if you are like me they have a great selection at great prices. Check them out!
