3	Enjoyable.  The atmosphere is a little different with some couches and a sitting area to go along with tables.  Entrance is thru a black door not the glass door. Two areas once inside.  A few tables in the entrance area and the larger area with the couches and some more tables.Had the Bamia which is okra with a tomato sauce and Egyptian spices.  A side salad with a nice oil dressing came with the meal.   Service was very friendly but somewhat disjointed.
5	Isis is such a unique addition to Pittsburgh, let alone Brookline. It has to be one of the only Egyptian restaurants in the city and the quality of food is great. Unfortunately, it looks a little less than it is due to the fact that it is in the former produce store and is plagued with the old awning. Please take this place seriously if you choose to experience some of their food, as they mean business when it comes to their cuisine. Also, take a moment and talk to the family that is running the business. They are putting everything they have into it and I really admire them. The food is excellent! I had the tasting menu and sampled a little bit of everything. There wasn't much that i didn't like, and the things that weren't my favorite was solely because it's something I would normally not enjoy, but I was happy to try them anyways. They are open later in the evenings now and also serve brunch, which I will be making a point to try in the very near future. FYI, they are BYOB, too!
5	Loved, loved, LOVED Isis Cafe. It's a great new restaurant on Brookline Boulevard. I had Bat bel Assal whuch is duck with a honey sauce, rice, and veggies, and I thought it was to die for. I also recommend the Samboosa (ground meat in a flaky pastry), Zabadi bel Kheyar (like a cucumber salad with pita), and the desserts: Belila and Basboussa. The former is like rice pudding, the latter is like a coconut cake or macaroon. Also perfect was the lemon orzo soup and the house salad. The hibiscus tea was refreshing. The service was great! What a wonderful family-run business! The mother is the main cook!They need to take down the Brookline Produce sign if they haven't already.
2	I am sorry to have to do this to this family owned place, but our experience was so lack luster, I just had to share.  Food pricing is reasonable, the menu is not very exceptional.  Everythinf was salty, and garlic filled.  I expect garlic, I just don't expect it to be the only thing I taste.  The salad that came with the meal made my husband gag from how much vinegar was in it, and I love vinegar. I couldn't even handle it.  I ordered the eggplant and peppers. It was all peppers swimming in oil with a side of rice.  My husband ordered the chicken marinated in yogurt and orange sauce.  His came and was a piece of chicken on a dish, didn't taste like anything at all, just grilled chicken.  The big kicker was as the waiter brought our food out of the kitchen, he took it into another room, and reheated both plates in the microwave, you could hear it beeping.   Awful.
3	Agh!  I'm so torn on this one.Absolutely one of the more unique places to eat in Pittsburgh.  BYOB with no corkage, extremely friendly staff/ownership, eclectic mix-match of furniture and fixtures, very reasonable food prices (read ~$20 for an app and two entrees) and definitely an extremely laid back atmosphere.The owners are fantastic and are eager to share their traditions with you, including pronunciation of the menu items, cultural norms (i.e. not providing the check prior to a guest asking for it), etc.  They also were obviously eager and excited to have new customers come in.Where Isis fell short on expectations was the food itself.  While the menu has a great mix of options (small plates, sandwiches, and more traditional entrees), nothing really stood out in our meal.  Not to say it was bad (I'll definitely be going back), but I wasn't left with that insatiable feeling of wanting more once I was done.
