2	Sorry TGI Fridays... just a bad experience here.  I usually take in crowds and shorthanded wait staffs when I think of bad service experiences but here it was a Sunday night, not busy at all, and there was a full staff socializing in the corner of the restaurant [No Excuses!].The upside is that the food was okay.  I had the 3 for 12 special that included the mozzarella cheese sticks, parmesan crusted chicken, and vanilla bean cheesecake.  I'll give this place another chance one day, but aside from the food being okay... I can't get the bad service taste out of my head.
1	Another bad experience here with service.  It took us a long long time to eat dinner here on a Thursday night when it wasn't busy at all.  Looks like our server was socializing with another and not keeping track of his tables.On the upside... I always thought ordering asian food in an non-asian setting would be weird, but their Dragon Fire Chicken was pretty good - I like the combination of citrus, spice, and cilantro.... makes for some flavor explosions on your tongue.
4	Took my grandaughter here for her birthday. great service and food. She ordered from the kids menu, pasta and fries, got the 3 appetizer special and shared with her, cheese sticks, pot stickers and boneless ribs Captains rum sauce. At the end of meal the wait staff came and sang Happy Birthday to a very surprised little girl :) Didn't have room left for all the ice cream, loved the attention
1	Really bad experience here.  Came here with a work group and the wait from order to delivery of our meals was easily over an hour.  One of our meals had a date dot which shows the freshness of the vegetables that was about the size of a price tag in in it (photo attached). My meal tasted a little like soap and we got a cup which had dishwasher grime that we scrapped off with our fingernail from the inside.  Our waitress was nice and attentive up until our order was in....but it just didn't make u for everything else.
1	We went to Fridays on Friday.  Yea!!! We frequent this restaurant but tonight they were not on point. The waitress was messing up big time. The only good thing was the wait time on this go round. We were in quickly!!
3	I'd say this was a pretty solid visit to TGI Friday's.My friend and I stopped in Saturday night, it was pretty late when we got there and the hostess asked if we would mind sitting at the bar. We said that was no problem at all! The waitress greeted us immediately and said any of the waiters we saw could help us! Sweet! We took a little bit of time to order, but ended up going with the wings with Caribbean Rum sauce and chose your own appetizer with crispy green beans, pot stickers and garlic Parmesan boneless wings. The food arrived pretty quickly, but the sauces on our wings were wrong, but the waitress apologized and put another order in right away. The crispy green beans and pot stickers were hot and delicious. Once our second order of wings arrived we were good to go! We both left full and happy. So I'd say again, overall a solid visit!
1	Worst service I've had since my days in the military.   Our waitress Danielle was horrible.   We ordered drinks and only recieved one.  Then we got our food, had to wait another 20 minutes for silverware.  I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone!
3	Ok...Well, I was excited to grab a quick bite with my hubby at this location. Not too busy and we were seated right away. Then we waited,  and waited.  Apparently our section was being taken care of by a new server and she was not quite with the program as the waitress who ended up asking us if we had been waited on said. At any rate we ordered our food and were offered a free dessert per the manager who sent apologies with our waitress. I got the Jack Daniel's burger and it was really, really good. Cooked perfectly and served with pretty decent fries, I was a happy girl. My husband ordered the Jack Daniel's chicken with parmesan fries and broccoli and two huge chicken breasts (saved one for next day lunch). We did choose the brownie for dessert and it was good as well, and a nice offering to smooth over the rough start to service we had. It was a decent overall visit, but based on the experience as a whole, I think three stars is as high as I can go.
4	Not sure why this location has such bad reviews. My family and I shared a meal here on MLK. We were pleasantly surprised. I know chains are pretty much hit or miss which is why we tend to stay away from them. My CLT family really enjoys this place...we shared a sampler app,steaks, burgers, salads and kids meals. We no complaints, we finished it all and really enjoyed our visit. Our waitress was from Cali and very chatty but very pleasant! Will be back next time we are in town.
1	Services are terrible.  I called at 10:27 pm the host stated they close at midnight but the dining room is close so I asked if I could order to go he stated he did not know and that the kitchen was about to close.  Very weird. But eaten here in the past and their service are terrible!
5	Why are people being so negative? This place is awesome! Great food, great service.  Once in 4 years something went wrong with a steak and the server and the manager made it right, right away!! I always try something new and really never do I feel disappointed. Try this place out. It's the best fast casual around the Steele Creek area.
4	Our waitress was excellent! We had a great time!We came here for the endless appetizer and she took the time and explained to us how it works. Basically it's $10 per person and you choose one appetizer and stick with it. We chose mozzarella sticks,boneless chicken and potstickers. We were so full and could barely finish our second round. Our waitress was so nice and really attentive! ( I wish I'd remember her name :/ )
3	My boyfriend and I went here intending to try the all you can eat appetizer for $10 but we decided to go to the bar and split 1/2 price appetizers instead so we could try more dishes.The service was great with the two bartenders switching out who came to the table. The drinks were phenomenal - $3 martinis on Wednesday. And not just the plain old vodka and olive but fun drinks too - I had a chocolate martini and a pink pink Cosmo (which they put cotton candy in and fill from the shaker at your table).Sadly the food was only so so. The mozzarella sticks were great, the pot stickers and buffalo wings were nothing special and the potato skins are exactly what you get when you buy the TGI Fridays frozen loaded potato skins at the grocery store.While the experience was just ok the price was definitely worth a return visit especially now that we have narrowed down the appetizers we liked
2	I went at dinner time on a Sunday, it was not busy at all, almost empty. The layout inside is horrible, it's so choppy. I will say that our server was excellent, I have no complaints with him at all. The food just flat out sucked! The Jack Daniels sauce (which is a favorite of mine) was not sauce but was jelly. I couldn't dip any of my food in it because it was literally jelly & not a liquid. I asked for another one & that one was the same way. I gave up on having Jack Daniels sauce. My sandwich was missing the main ingredient that makes it amazing....the crispy onion straw. Yup, none. I got out as soon as possible & will not go back considering all the reviews for this location are bad.
