3	The Clay Oven is an 'authentic Indian restaurant' which serves a fully halal menu.  The decor inside is nice and has a kind of enclosed feel which adds to the atmosphere and makes you feel like you're having a proper South Asian experience.  The service, however, is pretty bad. I came here with two mates a few months ago and the waiters basically ignored us for for about two minutes when we first came in and then seemed indifferent when were giving them our order for takeaway.  I ordered the lamb ramaya ( one of their specialities apparantly) with rice and a naan.  The food seemed to take an eternity to arrive and when it did they just dumped it on the counter and walked off without even acknowledging that it was ours.  When we got it back to the flat the food was actually a stark contrast to the service and it tasted pretty good.  I'm fairly sure I didn't actually get what I ordered, but it was still a good meal.The Clay Oven would be an excellent restaurant were it not for the poor service which lets down the whole experience of the place.
4	A few friends and I ordered takeaway from the Clay Oven recently to accompany wine and  theX Factor. It was delicious and authentic in the way that only food from an Indian restaurant is, as opposed to just a stand-alone takeaway. It took a while to come but was worth the wait and proved to be filling and of excellent quality. We had a range of chicken dishes, prawn dishes, rice and nan breads between us and all were impressive, I'll definately make it my local go-to for yummy and reliable indian food.
3	One of many christmas outings, this time a work do, and I was curious to see what the Clay Oven would be like.Firstly, the food is good and plentiful. It's like Jenny L said, British Indian rather than completely authentic but we had a brilliant buffet mix that satisfied meat eaters and vegetarians. The meat dishes were packed full of really great quality meat and there was no stringy, fatty bits on the lamb dish we had, which I do usually find can be an issue.We were in the back of the restaurant and it would be fair that we did bring our own atmosphere. Service was good and staff were helpful, but just a bit slow at removing excess bottles and glasses to make way for food which was a wee niggle. As this was a buffet, I'm not sure what dishes we had - a chicken korma I think as the cream and coconutty/almondy sweetness gives this away, sag aloo, a mushroom dish, the lamb dish and all sorts of naan's and pilau rice. The naan's went down well - I think we had a selection of all types but as I'm GF, I passed on these, though the poppadoms were amongst some of the best I've ever had :-)So, why not 4 stars. Well, sitting near the store room, I did see prawns in a box, obviously being taken down to the kitchen which made me glad we didn't get the Christmas set menu, so that put me off a bit. But for a group and as long as you are happy to amuse yourselves with some tasty food, then yep its worth a visit.
