5	Best rates and deals. I now live in Arizona and still bank with dollar bank because I've been so satisfied with the offers and customer service!  Free ATM service nation wide, 1% interest on free money savings account and they give me .10 when I use my debit card.  What more could I ask for?
5	Never thought I would be reviewing a bank, but that's the beauty of yelp! You can review so much more than just restaurants! I live fairly close to this bank and my parents use dollar bank, which is basically the reason I use them. I have been with this bank for about 8 years or so and have never had a problem with them! I love their free checking and I have a savings account with them as well. Their home equity is awesome too- fixed interest rate of 3.25%. This particular branch has very helpful and friendly employees. They have a drive thru and it is always quick and easy. They will even give your dog a treat if they are in the car :). I've also never experienced long lines in this branch which is always nice!
2	Our experience not so great.  We have mortgage as well as basic free checking and savings with Dollar in Squirrel Hill.  Mortgage application process was brutal.  Starting with the advertised rate of 2.85% being suddenly not available when we decided to lock it in; got 3.01%.  Automatic deduction of mortgage payment was required to secure this rate and it came out of the required Dollar checking account on the first business day of the month.  Free checking is free ... until.  Beware of Funds Availability policy.  We deposit a check monthly at the end of the month.  In August, the end of the month was a weekend and Labor Day was on September 1.  So our check did not get deposited until 9/2.  Mortgage payment hit on 9/2. It was paid, but we were charged $36 insufficient funds due solely to Funds Availability Policy.  After doing this first, Dollar then merrily hits us with two more $36 charges on smaller checks that would have cleared had they been processed before the mortgage payment.  Had we NOT been required to submit to automatic deduction of mortgage, according to our monthly statement, we had at least 10 days grace to make the payment, so Dollar's requirements and policies trapped us into this situation.  Moreover, there was over $3000 in the associated savings account that was ignored.  I called to protest, and one of the $36 fees was waived.  Then I was offered the "deal" of overdraft protection from the savings account for an annual fee plus a $10 transaction fee should this situation ever arise again.  Needless to say, I declined this deal and transferred the savings to the checking account where it sits until I find another bank and then fire Dollar.
