5	I went in there to get my teenagers some haircuts. My son is very particular about his hair and we could never find a person who did his hair to his liking. As I watched Jacqueline cut, actually assess (she didnt even start cutting yet) his hair, I knew she would do a great job. I was right. My son was quite pleased. I was so impressed, I asked her to cut my hair. She even gave me a lavender/mint scalp massage! I am so glad I went there. The lady who cut my daughter's hair did an excellent job as well. We will definitely return from now on. I'm so glad to have found a place with conscientious hairstylists!
1	Went in for a haircut at 4:00 was taken by Angela at 4:30 and by 5:40 my hair was chopped! I asked for long layers, got nothing layered only uneven, slanted at an angle chopped up hair at the bottom! I asked for bangs after 3 times asking she still didn't do it right! My hair is atrocious & I'm ferrous! Thanks NOT SO FANTASTIC SAMS!!!!!
1	The day before Christmas, I took my daughter in to get her hair dyed black. I wasn't thrilled about that idea, but agreed as long as she left a few lighter strands here & there. Well, the lady that did her hair did mostly black, but some spots were blue, some were purple & there was a strange square of an awful brown on the left side of my daughter's head. Not sure why she did that as it doesn't equal streaks of lighter color throughout. ???I had to put my daughter on a plane the next day to fly to the East coast, so there was no time to fix it. Her stepmother put a box of black on & it looked decent until it started to fade.I took her in not long after for a trim & to see if we could get the color fixed & they said it will have to grow out. She needed a trim last weekend & was REALLY wanting to get her color fixed. The blonde lady that finally helped us said that I should've brought her in the next day! I told her it's probably not a good idea to violate a court order (she was going to visit her father for the holiday). Then she said it was going to cost $80 for the 1st hour & $50 each addtitional hour to try to fix it. I pointed out that THEY were the ones who screwed it up in the first place. She didn't care. NEVER again will those people touch our hair! We will NOT be back!
5	You have to ask for jackie. She's awesone. Plus when I went there was a deal on all cuts. So my hair cut was only 11$. I drove all the way from Henderson. And did I mention Jackie is awesome!
4	Located at the corner of Ann and Decatur, this relatively new Fantastic Sam's location may have become my new home for haircuts. One of the hardest things for me to find has been consistency and my do is really quite basic. I think I may have found it! Tabitha took care of me this time, but I've had both Crystal and Tabitha on previous visits. They are both "fantastic" and I have been pleased with the do every time. Granted they are still offering grand opening prices, but where else can you get a decent haircut and a relaxing shampoo for twelve bucks? I can't comment on their products or other services such as hair coloring or styling for long hair, but for me and my short hair, this was a four star experience.
1	I took my 4 year old son in for a haircut. When I left, his hair was still wet, and when it dried, it was completely uneven everywhere! Not to mention the fact that the girl used thinning shears on him and he said the haircut hurt! Not wanting to go back to the same girl, I called them and they told me to come at 10 in the morning and the manager would fix it. My husband took our son back at 10 am and was told that the manager was not there, but on her way. At 10:45, she still had not shown up and my husband finally left. I have had a couple of nice, professional hair cuts there, but the black woman with the gap in her teeth (I do not know her name) is terrible. IF you decide to take your chances here, avoid her at all costs!
4	Went in to do a big chop. I requested a tapered TWA and had a picture. The girl that cut it did an okay job except that it was a little lopsided and she was not skilled in line ups. After I was done there I went to a male barber shop for some final touch ups. I would return to this location again.
5	I fly in from Hawaii twice a month to come see Jackie and her girls. Been coming since they opened. They make u feel at home and always a good time..would never go anywhere else. Jackie and her girls are Awesome!!
5	Jacqueline was the best! I was able to walk right in for a cut and color. Everyone was cheery and pleasant even though it was 9 am on a Saturday. I was so nervous about cutting my long hair and worried that because I didn't know exactly what I wanted, I'd end up unhappy. This couldn't be further from the truth! Not only did Jacqueline help me pick a great color, she listened to my ramblings about what I was basically looking for in a cut. The finished result was amazing! I really couldn't be happier and will definitely be going back.
5	Fran rocks!!!!! she has been cutting and coloring my hair for 4 years. i been going 2 astor 4 10 years, she listens 2 me. i tell all my friends about her. i love fran. go 2 her or else. she is affordable dependable and alot of fun. she is really busy sometimes but worth the wait. dont be sorry.
