4	Shopping in places like this motivate me to want to be more athletic.  Why?  All that equipment, and the organized, perfectly folded clothing makes me want to just scream with glee!  I do admit to shopping at places like this sporatically for random things that I cannot find elsewhere.  Plus, they carry LOTS of different sizes, colors and brands to choose from.I was there on Saturday morning, and it was relatively quiet.  I was surprised by this.  Wheres all my athletes at?  I know your not sleeping! Maybe they were out excercising already??  Who knows.  But, I did have the place to myself, which was nice.I just needed to pick up a quick pair of shorts while I was here, and I was in and out in no time.  I was happy with what I paid for my merchandise. (under $20!!)   Some of thier clothing seems to be pricey, but what sports store isnt?? Anyways, I will most likely be returning for other random things in the future!
4	Sports Authority is a great place to get your tennis racquet restrung.The deal: If you buy your replacement strings at Sports Authority, the restringing price is one penny. That is a fairly good deal! The only downside is the limited choice of replacement strings. (Minus one star) I only saw syn gut in 16. If you bring your own string, the cost for the service is $12.99. I guess it all comes down to how particular you are about your tennis strings. I'm a beginner and I know I need 15 gauge, but my tennis partner played on teams before, so he needs 16L or 17. We both compromised with the 16 gauge. It works for us, so hopefully it will work for you too?Speed and Quality: The man that does the restringing is only in on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, so plan ahead. I brought my racquet in on Sunday afternoon and it was ready for pick up by 10:15 Monday morning. So, five starts on speed! I also think the quality of the restringing is great.Sports Authority is overall a great sporting goods store. Lots of exercise clothes, balls, shoes, racquets, and anything else you would need for being active.
3	I always shopped at the Sports Authority when I was a kid to get new cleats or something specific for a team I was on. I haven't shopped here as much as an adult because I find the store's prices overall a little high. They do have a great variety of equipment and clothing for most sports. I was recently in the market for new running shoes and I had saved money for the purchase. I shopped around but when I didn't find what I needed for my upcoming 1/2 marathon, I tried Sports Authority. The sales person  who helped me was very knowledgeable. He knew what types of shoes I should test out and suggested insoles and special Thorlo socks for my high arches. I didn't want to keep adding items to my bill, but the insoles and socks were vital reducing pain during my training. I spent a lot of money ( because I decided on two pairs of shoes to keep from wearing one pair out quicker), but I was happy with my purchases and the price wasn't my main concern this time because it was something I had saved for. I also liked that the sales person checked the sale shoes and found a pair of last season's shoes that were perfect for me. They were originally $120, but on sale they were more like $70. I would return for running shoes in the future.
4	I stopped in on Black Friday for a quick look. I spotted my favorite running socks on sale and grabbed four pairs and headed to the line. I don't know what happened but it was all backed up at the registers for about 15 minutes. By the time I checked out, the sale had ended on the socks. It was 3:20 p.m. and the sale ended at 3. Fortunately I was quiet and patient and the manager on duty, Laurie, honored the sale price anyways. I wanted to say I really appreciate that and know they value their customers by that action. I left a happy customer on Black Friday!
3	Came on a Saturday evening and the store was pretty empty. There were a lot of employees working and my husband and I were asked numerous times if we were finding everything we were looking for. We weren't looking for anything in particular, just browsing.They have a wide variety of athletic equipment, clothing, and accessories. Prices were alright. There seemed to be a good amount on sale. There was some clearance but if it was clothing or shoes, the sizes were fairly large. I signed up for the rewards program. You accumulate points for every dollar spent but there is a time frame for earning a certain amount and getting rewards. You do get a $5 coupon for signing up. Oh, and there is a Yelp check in offer...$14 off your purchase of $50 or more.
4	I way prefer SA to Walmart(I've boycotted Walmart at this point-see previous reviews), which is in the same plaza. Prices are comparable and sometimes even less that Walmart on some items. I think the shoes are way overpriced though. Even the "clearance" prices are way too high. I do appreciate that the employees at SA are so willing to help and come up and ask if we need help with anything. However, I will say I wish they stuck to a section or something. We were looking at baseball equipment, just browsing, and we literally had 6 different employees come ask if we needed anything in a 20 min period. At a point I thought we were on hidden camera or something! It was really funny but I can definitely see people being annoyed by that. Overall, good store- good selection.
5	I like it.. I should go there this weekend and blow money I should be saving. See ya there?
