3	I joined Anytime Fitness almost six years ago, and have been to quite a few of their locations.  In Madison, I've been to Cottage Grove, Sherman Ave., and North Gammon Road.  Lately, I've been going to the Sun Prairie Anytime Fitness.  The place is clean and I can always find a machine.  The group fitness workout room is harder to come by.  I'd say 50% of the time, it is open.   There is pretty good parking, both in front of the gym and in back, but be careful of the parking lot, as it has a number of potholes and doesn't seem to ever get repaired (not Anytime's fault, of course).Lately half the cable TV channels have disappeared.  Not sure if they switched providers or what, I'll miss that perk.  It seems like they're promoting personal training and group fitness classes, which are at an added on cost.Overall, I feel like for a no-frills gym, the cost should be less than $35/month.  I will say, even after joining six years ago, they have never tried to jack my rate.  However, they do make you sign a 2-year contract.  Also, when I joined, I had to pay an additional membership fee to get my key.
2	Like so many gyms, Anytime really exists to get you to purchase the personal training.  They give you a free session (which was really a pretty brief, weak session), and then try to get you to sign up for personalized training.  I can't afford personalized training.  Hell, I can barely afford the monthly membership.  Before I had the meeting about the personalized training, they were really happy to see me every time I walked in.  Someone from the staff made sure to come say hi to me every time I worked out.  About a week later, after they ran their spiel and I turned them down, it was like I turned into a ghost.  I'm not complaining; I'm glad they don't bother me anymore, but they shut down hardcore.  I see the staff talk to some of the people there, but most of us just go about our sessions as if they can't see us.  I've been a member for close to two years now.  Not one staff member has even said so much as hello to me since I turned down their services.  I'm okay with that, like I said, but it's going to get interesting in a month and a half when my membership needs to be renewed.  I wonder if they're going to pretend to be my best friends again.I can usually get an elliptical, treadmill, or exercise bike when I go in.  I can usually lift on some of the nautilus-type equipment too, but free weight area is usually choked with "gym guys" and I can only handle so much barbed-wire tattoos on biceps and the lingering stench of Axe body spray before I start to vomit.  I love lifting with free weights, and to their credit--the gym guys who lift are serious about it.  They're just not guys I want to share space with while I lift.  I had enough of those guys in the weight rooms in high school and college.Overall, it's not Prairie Athletic.  I had a membership there for almost three years, but I wanted something that had less children running around.  I like Anytime. It's decent. I like the fact that there are so many outlets.  There are three Anytimes within two miles of where I work, so I can go bust a few lifts on days when I have early and late meetings. I like the 24-hour aspect.  Some days, it's nice to go in at 11:00 pm and lift with no gym guys there.Will I renew my membership?  I don't know. Right now, I'm leaning toward going back to Prairie Athletic, just because they have a sauna.  And I miss the sauna.  Other than the staff forgetting that I exist, I have nothing hateful to say about Anytime. You know what you're getting when you go in there.
