5	They finally just opened a Rita's location in Surprise!! I think it just opened yesterday or today, but it's just as good as the one on Union Hills and 83rd Avenue.  I told my co-workers about it and we basically have been driving by during our lunch break just waiting for it to open over the past few months.It's hard to explain the texture of the ice. It's thicker than the ice in a frozen margarita, yet it's not crunchy or unrefined like an Icee drink. Sonic has similar ice, but I feel like it's just not as good as Rita's. I guess that's why it's Italian ice. It's in its own category!There are 3 main types: Gelati's (custard-ice-custard), Blendini's (custard-ice-custard with mix ins like Oreos, M&Ms, etc), and Mistos (ice-custard drink). You can also get just regular custard alone or flavored ice alone. One of their most famous ice flavors is Swedish Fish. There's also a sugar substitute version of their ice and today's sugar free ice flavor was Pineapple. I tried a Red Velvet Cake Gelati today with vanilla custard and it was nothing less than amazing!The menu is a little confusing since there are so many choices. There are mainly only 2 types of custards though, vanilla and chocolate, that can be mixed with the 12 flavors of ice that consistently change. Before, I was solely a fan of ice cream and yogurt. Now, I am grateful that my sister-in-law dragged me here, because there is nothing quite like it yet! Now I will always compare Italian ices to this place.
4	After my wife and daughter have sworn this place is the "bomb". I decided to try it our since they just opened a new location is Surprise! i had their Alex lemon ice, since this is my favorite. It was good, but not better then Karen's Kreamery version! but it's not bad! i also had a sample taste of their cherry. Now my wife and daughter loves their other options there, so when I have a chance we will go together and try other things out.
4	We came in on a Saturday evening with some family from out of town (party of 7). At the moment of arrival, we were only one of a small handful of customers. We were invited by what seemed like the owner (Joyce?) to come in and try as many samples as we liked of the 15+ flavors available. In addition, we were offered some prepared blend samples. Between the seven of us, we tried most every ice flavor available. The majority of the family settled on their Gelati, which is a custard layer (chocolate, vanilla, or swirl) on the bottom of a cup, your choice of flavored ice to fill the cup, then a generous portion of custard on top. I settled on Passion Fruit ice and vanilla custard. The regular portion was perfect and I could enjoy a half-n-half custard-ice portion in every spoonful. The Passion Fruit ice wasn't too sweet and was quite refreshing on its own. The vanilla custard was creamier and thicker than typical soft-serve, but not too heavy when mixed with ice.Other flavors sampled or ordered among the group: Coconut Ice, Swedish Fish (yes, it really does taste like the candy!), PB&J (it really does taste like a PB&J sandwich), Margarita (a lime ice), Pear (a bit too intense for me, but my wife loved it), Blue Raspberry, and Mint-n-Chip (pairs well with chocolate custard). Parents with children needn't worry - there are children's sizes for ices upon request. They even have a "Lil Tikes" style picnic table in a corner just for the younger patrons.We observed a good problem to have: As we were completing our order, the flood gates of customers must have let loose as it was standing-room only by the time we were ready to go, and it seemed that the line was about ready to head out the door. The staff of 4 (including the owner/operator) were quite busy, but I would estimate that there's only enough seating for 20 (my dad counted 32+).We'll definitely be back as the flavors seem to change regularly. Going for the ice seems much lighter on the hot summer days we're going to see this summer. Hopefully as they get more accustomed to the volume of customers, they'll become a bit more organized with the orders (it would be too easy for someone dishonest to cheat the person at the register out of an order or two as they can't keep up with who ordered what in larger groups).
5	I had heard about Ritas and decided to try it. I had also read on Yelp and on a friends FB about this place. This place is sooooo good and very clean inside.I understand there will be additional Ritas opening up over the next few months but not in my area. In North Central Phoenix, we need a good frozen treat shop and this place I think would do well. If you decide on opening more locations, think about the folks in good olde North Central Phoenix!
5	If you aren't from the East Coast, you have no idea what you've been missing!!!! Get to Rita's fast!!! This is one thing my family has missed for 2 years since moving to Arizona. So glad there is finally one in Surprise. We have already been there 3 times in one week.
5	I love this place! The custard is smooth and the folks running the place are very quick to offer up a sample. Everyday they have new flavor to try, but my favorite is the Custard with mint chocolate chip ice. Red velvet is another must try! It's nice to see a new place come to the neighborhood and great to see them doing it right!
5	the service is awesome and the ice is amazinggggggg...will definitely go back. East coast flavor out west!!!
5	My husband and I stopped by to see and taste what this place is all about. He had a large Blue raspberry and Vanilla Gelati and I had the large Passion fruit and Chocolate Gelati. A Gelati has frozen custard on the bottom, then flavored slushy-like ice, then topped with custard again. Both came out to under $9 but the portions were quite big. They were both yummy but I think mine was a little better (his was a bit too sweet). We got large because it was like twice the size of reg but around 30 cents more. Makes sense to go large right? Anyhow, they were both very unique to our tastebuds but very refreshing and delicious... Especially in this Az heat. I am def bringing my kids here...
5	Seriously happy this opened here in Surprise.   Had been driving to the Peoria one with the kids once and while because we love it.  Staff and service is always great, they are really nice with young kids, and the ices and custards are excellent.
5	Yup, another 5er.  That custard is to die for.  I love the unique texture! I also though the ice (coconut) was very tasty and full of flavor, but I have the preferance for creamy ice treats.  I can't wait to go back, and have one with some candy mixed in!!
5	being a philly girl, this makes me happy...today was free ice day but still opted for a iced coffe vanilla blendini with heath bars. they have been open for a month and a half and ive been there twice a week since . staff is super friendly.
5	This ice has the abilty to make you feel COLD on a 100+ degree day - I am hooked on the Key Lime, Alex's Lemonade, and Florida Orange. Very nice staff, friendly and free samples ....
5	This place is great!  We just moved from Peoria and this one is just as good as the one on union hills. Yummy custard and Ice, you can't go wrong for a cold treat!  My only wish is that this location had more flavors of custard instead of just the standard choc and vanilla.  Overall I highly recommend :-)
4	Very cute little ice cream shop.  Well, its not really ice cream.  It's flavored ice I think.  I tried the mint oreo.  It was light and tasty.
4	OK here is the low down: flavored ice= $2 and change in a small cup.  Or pay $3 and change for custard and flavored ice in the same cup.  Yes its different, flavored ice with custard is great.  I personally could not eat one cup of just the ice. With the custard and ice mixed in layers it becomes layers of goodness.  Yes that is the best way to describe this. :) Has variety of flavors and allowed samples of the flavors before committing to your desert destiny.  I will visit again for my custard and ice fix.
5	Plain and simple: YUM.Tried good ol fashioned lemon ice--perfect.Tried sour patch kids flavored ice--delic.Tried swirl flavored custard--best I've ever had.  Creamiest consistency of any custard or yogurt or ice cream.  Smooth and rich in flavor.  Good place for kids--little tykes picnic tables and chairs on location.
5	Bring the kids! This place has lots of good flavors. Icys and frozen custard...YUM!I first tried this place in Maryland. Couldn't believe they made it to AZ.They have a simple treat that anyone can afford.Their flavors are not "sorta tastes like," they absolutely taste like their specialty flavors...like PB&J, cotton candy, swedish fish, etc.Go get some!
5	This place is totally awesome! Coffee ice with chocolate custard...Oh my! I will be back very soon!
5	Ice custard happiness indeed! Brought the kids here after school today for our first visit and we will DEFINITELY be back! Blake, who was working the counter, was patient, helpful, and explained the menu items thoroughly to us newbies. Three of us had Gelati's which are a combination of flavored ice AND custard. Absolutely yum! One kidlet had blue raspberry ice that was delish! AND they do school fundraisers as well! Love companies that give back to the community!Can't wait to go back soon and try more flavors!
4	Pretty good.  A good change of pace from the everything being an annoying yogurt place..  A friend  loved this place and wants to come back.  We both got the twist custard in a cup with sprinkles and I added caramel to mine.  I know, I know... My head says I don't need it but my fat gut won't be denied.
5	Excellent custard and ices. Excellent customer service, store is clean. This is an all around place that Surprise was lacking. We go all the time.
5	Im from the east coast and its great to have them here as well!! The italitan ice is of course fresh and I love all the selections and different ways to have it served to you. Samples are always availiable since their always having different flavors, yum! My absolute fav is Mango! But Honeydew, when in season is soo light and fresh!! Try a Gelati sometime too, its ice and custard together.
4	I think we've finally found an ice cream joint that my dad really likes here in lil ol Surprise.Okay, I know: it's not really ice cream. It's ice custard. And there's a whole bunch of other cool stuff - like gelatis and milkshakes and mistos and blendinis - that I can't wait to try on another visit.I'd never heard of Rita's, but I guess it's a chain. And it's not too bad of a chain from what I can tell. This particular location is really clean.My mother ordered a banana split Italian ice and my dad and I ordered ice custard sundaes. I was impressed at how rich the ice custard is. They had a good variety of toppings - I picked caramel and Reese's Pieces, which turned out to be pretty sweet, but made for a good leftover treat - and there were a lot of different Italian ice flavors. I'll have to go for the Italian ice next time as even a regular-sized ice custard is quite a lot to consume. That said, the portions are generous and you will definitely leave satisfied. The staff was pretty nice but had to request things a few times to get the right to-go cups or flavors. They seemed to know the product really well, though, and I wouldn't say the service was bad.Glad to have finally found an ice cream place my dad enjoys. He's not terribly fond of frozen yogurt (though we won't complain about it), so I can see us all coming back a few more times to get some respite from the Arizona heat.
5	Well, now I get why my family is always stopping here for a treat.  The custard rocks and is amazing.  I was especially impressed that I saw that Rita's supports local PTA's in the area.  Keep up the community involvement, and keep up the great product!Service was friendly too when I went in.  It is always great to see counter help that does not look like they would rather be somewhere else. Work should be fun right?
3	I wanted to like this place a lot more.  If i could rate on "hype" it gets a 5 but after having this ice/custard concoction I cant do more than 3, in fact I would give 2 because as yelp describes, "Meh. I've experienced better."  The decor and staff is all nice, clean and friendly... I assume the staff is clean but I could be wrong about that.  I got the ice deal with custard and the custard is like frozen yogurt but thicker and not really custardy I don't know it was ok.  I would much rather go to Baskin Robbins and get one of those clown face ice cream cones I got when I was a fat kid or some flying saucers, hell I would get all of that put it in a blender pour and awesome milk shake then make some chocolate pancakes for a well balanced meal.  I gotta go....
5	Great as usual!Wish they had the same quantity of selection like the Arrowhead location.. Lots of parking, quick service, delicious ice and custard.The board doesn't display the available flavors though..
5	You can't go wrong with Italian ice....fast friendly service with a smile is always appreciated! It's a great daddy and daughter hang out!
5	Your First Day of Spring free ice day was awesome. I'm ready for the new flavored treats in the coming months - - thanks for planting yourselves in Surprise - we're saved from the summer heat by Rita's Ice Custard Happiness!
4	MangoSugar-free available and they have all nutritional info behind the counter which is great for my ADA peeps. Owner also said special requests for sugar-free can be made if in advance. Yum yum
5	Have gone here at least once a week since my last review. I can honestly say that each and every visit has been a 5 star experience. From the friendly, polite staff who all seem happy to be there to the DELISH gelatis, mistos, and milkshakes that I've had...it's all been happiness galore. The kids enjoy the Swedish Fish, Starburst, Cotton Candy, and Sour Patch Kids flavored ice. I am more partial to the fruit flavors with watermelon, strawberry, cantaloupe, mango, and passion fruit all being favorites of mine. My husband has to go with the sugar free and those flavors are DELISH too! And that's just the ice. The Frozen Custard is Ah-maz-ing. Seriously. I could take a bath in that vanilla custard. The custard here is more of a soft-serve version versus the kind you might find at Freddy's which is more hard packed. I prefer my custard softer so this works for me. And I love that they now offer a lite version and strawberry custard too. y.u.m. I had a peanut butter milk shake recently and it was to die for...seriously. First timers, I recommend getting a gelati. That would be custard on bottom, ice in the middle and custard on top. This is the best way to enjoy what Rita's has to offer because you get the best of both worlds. We truly do love Rita's and we know you will find a flavor you love too. But it's not my fault if you get addicted.....
4	Very good place to go for desert. Great tasting "gelati" for a decent price! The staff was knowledgable about items on the menu and certain combinations to try. Took the wife there and she loved it just as much as I did. Highly recommend trying Rita's if you haven't already!
4	I love Rita's! We have them out in NY and could definitely use more Italian ices out here in AZ!! They're always experimenting with new flavors, and their friendy staff keeps me coming back. Overall, if you're looking for something refreshing and sweet, head to Rita's for a delicious pick-me-up.
2	I wasn't a big fan. The floors and the tables were sticky and the ice custard I had although tasted good gave me an upset stomach.   I did like that you are able to sample the many different flavors that they offer.
5	Great place!! First time trying the custard! A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!! Loved the mango and vanilla! Will definitely return!
1	Ok.. so.. I see all the Yelp 4 and 5 star reviews. I'm out in sunny Arizona visiting from Wisconsin and have a hankering for Custard. I find Rita's on yelp.WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE HERE.This is NOT custard. Or at least this isn't custard the way frozen custard should taste. I mean good God people. At least go to Culvers and try some mediocre to decent custard before you say how good this is.Custard - Vanilla is the key test for good custard.Ritas Vanilla custard.. I can't even figure out of there are eggs OR actual milk/cream in this. Let alone real vanilla. Taste like a giant vat of chemicals. Left an almost metallic aftertaste in my mouth with zero hint of vanilla or eggs/cream/milk. I actually ate about 1/3 of the bowl and threw the rest away. I simply could not eat it. It's entirely possible the italian ice is better but after eating this, I really don't even want to try it.Do yourself a favor and go to DQ. Note - My brother-in-law from Minnesota who is a frozen custard freak to end all frozen custard freaks agreed with me 100%. He threw his away before I did
5	This place is the best!  Love the flavor selection and variety of ways you can explore this delicious goodness.  I'm a BIG mango lover and I've noticed that flavor is always attainable!  (Score)This place never disappoints!  I'm not big on cold stone because I'm more of a baskin Robins lady myself, but this place has those two spots beat!East coast people will love this!  My hubby does and he compares everything to Ice Kings of Corona in NY... Happy hubby.. Happy me ;)
4	We stopped in on Friday because we wanted ice cream and saw the 4 & 5 star reviews for Rita's. I will say that the customer service is awesome; the girl at the counter took the time to explain how gelati works since we had never been there. I ordered the mango gelati and my fiance (chocolate lover) ordered a cookie dough/chocolate custard blendini. He was not happy with the blendini but I loved my gelati. We will probably just get him chocolate custard with mix-ins next time.A great place for a sweet treat!
5	AMAZINGGGG!!Loved everything about it!Love love love! Best place I've ever been for frozen custard/ice yummieness!!! Definitely a must go!!
5	My family's favorite dessert spot!  I think we came here three times last week and took 2 quarts home!  Love it!  Chocolate and coconut was a great mix!!! I need more!!
4	I love taking the kids here. They love the Italian ice and the custard as well. I love the vanilla creamsicle custard. It's my fave! Price is good taste is great
5	You don't know what Italian water ice is???  Well, I am sorry to tell you that you haven't lived until you have tried one of the BEST ways to beat the heat with a sweet treat in Arizona.  The staff here is super nice, always lets you try the samples, and you actually HAVE to try the samples!  The stock here rotates so the flavors are constantly changing.  One day they have mango, another it's pineapple mango, then they have green apple....there is ALWAYS a new flavor to be tried at every visit.  The peach, banana, mango, passion fruit, and pineapple mango are ridiculously delicious.  My kids love this place and beg to stop all the time!!  They have an app for your phone that allows for a free water ice every 8th visit.  Free stuff is AWESOME!!  I  highly recommend the gelati as well as the water ice.  My son adores the custard, and my daughter swears by their milkshakes.  My kids are picky and rarely is there a place where everyone finds something they want...Ritas always pleases the troops. LOVE this place!!  I'm so glad a Ritas finally made it to the valley, and I hope they never leave!
5	I love this place! The staff is always really helpful. If you don't see your favorite, make sure you ask if they have any others flavors in back. The first time I came, I had the gelati but now I get the misto so I don't have to blend the custard and ice as I eat it. My favorites are the birthday cake and coconut cream ices, Swedish fish, and sour patch kids mixed w/ sugar free cherry so it's not too sour at the end.
5	I was looking for an Italian ice place near my house and came across Rita's. I'm glad I did cause their Italian ice is on point! Perfect for these hot summer days. I had 1/2 lemon and 1/2 strawberry and it was delicious, I can't wait to try everything else they have.
5	Grew up with Rita's and this place is one of the best I've been to! The owners and staff are genuinely welcoming and there's nothing better than a refreshing gelati on a hot day! Thank you Rita's of Surprise! :)
5	Customer service is excellent, they let you sample flavors, and the ices are mostly dairy free.I highly recommend mango, and Swedish fish mixed with Alex's lemonade. Yum!!
3	Pretty good.  Not my favorite custard place ever.  It was a little disappointing.  Also, employees are inconsistent in their serving sizes, which my husband pays attention to LOL! Its edible, but nothing we go out of our way for.
5	Lots of choices! Amazingly friendly staff who are very patient. They let us try a bunch of different flavors to help us make up our minds. We ended up with two misto shakes one with vanilla mango and the other with vanilla pineapple. YUMMY!
