1	Watch out! Dent Pro will take you for a ride! At the very least they will try to cheat you. At the suggestion of our Subaru dealer, I called them for an appointment, and met with a service rep./repair guy. The Subaru dealer told me they would charge about $40.00 to fix a very small dent on my fender. When I met the service rep., he told me it would be $200.00! Needless to say- I said no thanks, and drove off. He called my cellphone and told me to not tell anyone, but if I paid cash he would fix it for $120.00- which I ended up paying. Sounds to me like the guy earned a quick, and undeclared, bundle of cash- later, I felt a little bad, because I should not have paid him, but at the time, I was just interested in getting the job done. Oh yeah, he got the dent out in less than five minutes! No more next time for me!
5	I visited their location on Hacienda to get an estimate and met the owner, you don't need to go to their location, they will come to you, but since I live close I did.I made an appointment to get 2 dents repaired. The dents were repaired by Billy who has seventeen years+ experience, He was prompt and courteous. When the repair was completed at my residence, I could not see where the dents used to be. I am amazed how well paint less dent repair restores the sheet metal. I did not have any paint damage from this dent so I opted to go the paint less option rather than a body shop sanding and filling in the dent, costing more money with inferior results this is my second experience with this type of dent repair and I highly recommend "Dentpro Of Las Vegas."
5	I was very upset when I noticed someone had "dinged" the passenger door my new car while I was at the market. A friend suggested I call Ken at Dent Pro. Ken was friendly and accommodating working with MY schedule.  The next day a service rep. came to my office and in less than an hour my car was new again. The price is very reasonable and the workmanship beautiful.
5	I had a horrible dent in my 2010 MDX.  Dentpro fixed the dent and the door panel looks as good as new.  I recommend Dentpro to anyone who needs dent repair. The staff is very professional and helpful.  I will use Dentpro in the future.
5	Jermey diamond came out about 2 weeks ago and did some work on my 2014 ford f-150. The dents were in the side fender in the rear above the tired. He got them out just fine. And no one can tell where the damage was at all. Wasn't thrilled with the pricing on it. But in the end you get what you pay for. I'll be keep there number. Thanks Jeremy.
