5	The best hash browns I have every had.   Fun waiters and cooks.Food is very reasonable. It is a must try.
2	Well, I am absolutely done with this location and I am not particularly motivated to write a negative review; however, and in a nutshell, the location's staff is mostly younger high school aged workers who are supervised by an older person whom appears not to provide sound training.  Everyone is respectful; however,  if this restaurant happens to get slammed, your value as a single customer rapidly gets thrown out of the window.   They do not respect loyalty nor those who pay the bills during the season when things are hot and dead out here!  The food is nothing to write to anyone else about and is below average with other chains in the same family of stores, both in this area, the south, and the Midwestern states that I have personally visited during my lifetime.I won't be returning to this location at all.  I had given this location at least 6 to 7 chances, as it is so close to my home.  Sunday, I was taken back with the uncaring attitude that I perceived was demonstrated by the hostess and manager the morning of my arrival.  I may be dining alone; however, my value is reduced as a single diner and larger tables are reserved for two or more people.  Sounds reasonable, correct? Well, when they are scraping by to find customers during the "off season" when many have gone back to their home bases, there is never a problem with seating at that time.  I suggest that it won't inconvenience many with someone who sits alone in a space just to really relinquish this space in the next 10 minutes any way.  But, when every visitor to the area returns to their lives in other states, how much business can be lost by shunning or pushing your regular income customers to the outskirts for those 5 months or so; especially, when they do not return ever again?  In some ways I understand; however, it is the way with which the people in this store, have conducted such business with regulars,  that is crucial to my understanding of this issue.  I was treated very poorly, and shoved to the side, so to speak, because they could not manage their breakfast time patrons adequately.  It is not my fault as I was there for both a meal and I was exceedingly patient, as well.  So, if this is the way in which a regular, solid patron is treated when things are going well for the business (high season with all of the visitors), what then will they do during the slow/hot season when regulars like myself who sustain these businesses,  do not return to eat in their establishments?
5	I just love the waffle house!  It doesn't pretend to be anything that it isn't. Good food at a good price with fast and friendly service.
3	Excellent service .... excellent grits!!
3	Good comfort food, 24/7/365 is what this place has going for it. The $1 menu is a big plus, and beats the fast food chain versions of similar items that come microwaved & rubbery. The service here can be really bad, and there are a lot of flies in the dining area. I would come to this place more often if the staff were just more respectful. When I get an item off the $1 menu, even if I tip more than 20% I get treated in a way I feel is just rude. I have been getting some pretty obvious mistakes made on my orders too, like ordering a cheeseburger that comes out with no cheese on it, and then when I ask for cheese on my cheeseburger I have to explain what seems to me to be too simple to not understand to anyone who would actually care at all. I like the chili here too, especially on the $1 cheeseburger for 45 cents extra. Biscuits, & gravy are a little bland, but could be worse. They have the basket's of sauces available for good reason, a lot of times the food needs some real flavor. I bring a shaker of ghost peppers too that helps.
