3	My husband and I do most of our grocery shopping at this Giant Eagle.  Not too much to it.  How can you get excited about a grocery store?  We buy most of our staples here, although we buy most of our meat and produce in the Strip District.
3	I have been to this store a few times and honestly, there are much worse examples of Giant Eagle (North Side to name 1 specifically, and Lawrenceville which shut down).  There are positives to this store such as the service and it does carry a decent selection of products.  It also is open 24 hours, which is 1 of the few in the city that is.  I will say the parking can be tight during the day and the store itself is among GE's smallest.  That means that it can be pretty cramped in there.  All in all, not a bad store.  However, with the neighborhood, a redo such as what was done to Market District on Centre Ave by expanding the store and moving parking underground could be a benefit to Squirrel Hill.  Honestly, that neighborhood deserves a bigger and even better store.
2	I know it's bratty to move to a new town and complain about your neighborhood store, but I am not a fan of this Giant Eagle.  I mean, A+ for convenience (two blocks from my apartment), but that's nearly all it gets points for.  It's so small!  Quite expensive, I noticed, and the "Giant Eagle card" doesn't end up saving you much money anyway.  I think we'll try to only go here for brand items (Cheerios, etc) but get produce/meat/seafood/everything else in the Strip District.  Still, two stars for being open 24 hours and for being RIGHT THERE when I need something for dinner last minute.  And for the "local produce" being sold out front - it's actually pretty cheap!  Much cheaper than the produce inside the store.
3	I like this Giant Eagle location better than most because it's central to my work, home, etc. It is always packed, even at night when it's close to closing because then they shut down the lanes so the line is so long that it doesn't matter really what time you choose to shop. On the plus side for it's heavy traffic I feel they keep this location stocked better than others.
1	I've been going to this giant eagle since i was a kid. there's no excuse for the company not to improve the parking and ease of navigation of this location given what i can only imagine is its tremendous profitability. in fact, the only reason it is so profitable is due to its great location and the neighborhood. the store is dirty, cramped and can't compete with other giant eagles, the strip, whole foods, trader joe's etc. for variety and freshness. the employees are totally useless, as is the manager who works nights. avoid.
1	Where to begin?I used to frequent this GE when I lived in Sq. Hill, I wish I had known about the Greenfield location back then. Let me tell you the employees suck (for lack of better terminology) no matter what time you go. I would go early in the morning after getting off night shift and the younger cashiers would all be standing around talking or on their phones and the older ones are just standing around reading magazines or looking miserable. And the night crew isn't much better. 2 out of the 3 are nice but the shrewd bald man is horrendous. I don't like to talk negatively about people but man, this guy is a piece of work. He yells at customers, tells them where to put things to make his job easier, never makes eye contact, I've never heard him say hello or thank you let alone see him smile. If someone is so unhappy with their job do everyone a favor and find something else. Where are the managers? I used to manage while in college and if my employees were this unproductive and lazy, they wouldn't have a job. Enough about the staff, let's talk about the store. The shelves are well stocked most of the time and they have a decent selecton of goods. The produce section isn't the best, however it is nice that they have locally grown produce in the summer time.
1	I can walk to this store in less than 5 minutes, however, I almost always get in my car and drive to Whole Foods or Trader Joes (add Target to that list when it opens next year!)  This store is absolutely FILTHY and most of the employees appear as if they would benefit from a shower and some clean clothes.  I shop here only when absolutely necessary, use the self check out, and purchase only canned / packaged items that I can wash when I get home.
1	This is consistently the worst Giant Eagle around.  Thankfully, I live about equidistant between it and the Greenfield one, which is leaps and bounds above (and still not that great, which says a lot, lol).The aisles are tiny, and there are often people backed into them while waiting in line at the register, as there are NEVER enough cashiers.  I have seen lines of 10+ people here at 11:30 at night.They also have a limited selection of food, since they are such a small store.  The produce is usually abysmal (rotten grapes FTW), and the bread selection is cleaned out a good portion of the time.The pros: the deli staff is really nice, as they have a ton of patience in dealing with elderly customers who want to sample everything before they buy it (and I am usually stuck in line behind those people...).  They have a Kosher bakery with some delicious breads and also homemade garlic butter.  And, they're the only place in Squirrel Hill on Murray that has a parking lot (and also on the bus line if you don't drive).But that's where it stops.  I'm just grateful that there is a nice, big, well-stocked GE across McKnight Road from my gym.  This GE is there for emergencies only in my mind.
2	I prefer going to a market district giant eagle opposed to this one.  They have a huge problem with stocking certain items and they are severely understaffed - meaning you are always standing in a line!  The pharmacy isn't that friendly either.  I wanted to move my prescription to Rite-Aid down the street (which has a 24 hours) and they renewed my prescription with my doctor without even asking me!  So now I'm stuck.  It is a great place for me to quickly pick up some items since I live across the street, but if it weren't for that I would never come!
1	I have lived in five different states and never had to rely on such a terrible grocery store chain.  Giant Eagle is intensely expensive compared to other markets and the customer service is always abysmal.  After being glared for being so inconsiderate as to want to pay for my purchases every time I use a human-staffed checkout lane, I gave up and will now use the self checkout even if the line is four deep and there are immediately available checkers.  The fact that the chain has a de facto monopoly is the only thing that permits such unpleasant experiences to be the standard here. On top of the standard unpleasantness of the Giant Eagle experience, this location also requires I dance around beggars guarding the front door
2	Argh, you dirty little cramped place you.  If you wasn't for your late hours (until 1-ish) and proximity to where I live, I wouldn't frequent you.  I'm so confused when I shop here.  Do you remember that kid's game show "Fun House?"  It's kind of like walking into that.  Having to look for a clue as to where to find the item you want/need.  I swear I walked around for 15 minutes once looking for the bread aisle only to discover that the bread was on the ends of several aisles (your clue) and you had to figure out which endcap you needed for the correct bread.Going later at night makes it hard to shop, especially since they are in full swing with restocking the shelves.  (yet another piece to that fun house puzzle)  Don't go for big orders ever here, be sure to have a small list and avoid grabbing a cart, you'll just add to the congestion.  If at all possible, use the self check outs.
2	I have been going to this GE for my whole life, and believe me, before they remodeled it, it sucked much more. Still, there are problems. For instance, There are never enough employees working at one time. I have NEVER seen all the lanes open. For a market district that has a million lanes, it's understandable to have 3-4 closed lanes when it is slow. Fine. The Squirrel  Hill Eagle sees lane closings, often leaving only 2 available (not including self-checkout). Ah, but when you do get to a register you can forget about the happy greeting or any greeting at all. I have been told to hurry up by bad-mouthed cashiers who want to go on break. Thought there are a couple great managers (for those that know Sarah who has been there forever), but the rest are surly, unkempt, mean people. The stock...what stock? Though their selection on nonperishable is usually fine, you can forget about freshness anywhere but the deli (nice group at the deli). Fish is NOT, I repeat, not fresh. Mold can be found on almost everything in the produce department. I am meat connoisseur and even their top quality beef is a joke (try Fillet Mignon that has the diameter of a silver dollar with heavy marbling). The bakery is above average.But...damn is it convenient!! For many older adults and students without cars it is very hard to complain about much more. It's there for good.
5	It's about time the dried figs returned to the fruit and vegetable section.
4	love the eagle!
2	Giant Eagle is the most expensive supermarket. I usually only buy these items on Sales.
2	It only gets two stars because of the location... This is right down the street from where I live... However the fruit is always 1 day away from rotting, the set up is lousy, & they're understaffed.
1	Tried to order a deli trays for a friends family during a difficult time from out of state.  Come to find out they have NO options to pay via internet or over the phone. Is this not 2014. Who cannot take payments over the phone or via internet. Get into the 21st century. CRAZY!!
2	If you are trying to decide which non-Market District GE to visit in the East End, at least this one has a nice parking lot. It's definitely a mini step up from the Shakespeare Street location, so if I am in Squirrel Hill and need to grab something, I will run in here.
3	Great location, nice employees.  Could do better on the service.
2	This place is generally terrible. Overcrowded, understaffed. The self check out lanes shut down early. The grocery store is organized in the most counter intuitive way possible. There are always pan handlers asking for money standing or sitting directly outside of the doors. The produce is usually terrible. I gave Giant Eagle an extra star for convenience. This location is close to my house and it has it's own parking lot. They're open late and I'm a lazy shopper so that fits my schedule. But if you go late they are super understaffed and the self check out is closed so you will probably have to wait anyway.
1	I've shopped here off-and-on for over a year. I've given it many chances to improve, but after my last visit & after visiting an amazing Giant Eagle in the suburbs (Camp Horne Road - seriously, the difference is like heaven & hell), it's time to add my bad review to the list.I won't talk about the food options (terrible). I won't even talk about the pan handlers (there all the time). The one thing that would be easy & would improve it to 3-4 stars: customer service. In addition to being understaffed, the cashiers are apathetic & some times angry robots. I've never had a cashier ask me how I'm doing. I've never even had a cashier tell me what the TOTAL is! I went there last night, and I literally stood there staring at him, because I didn't understand that he pressed total. What he finally says: "YOU CAN SWIPE." In most instances, you have to bag your own groceries even though clearly the cashier is supposed to. Yesterday, after my long, awkward wait, he did bag my groceries. I put them in the car, drove a mile, & walked from my car to apartment (a very close distance) and a bag broke on the sidewalk. He put a 2-liter of pop & a gallon of milk in one single bag--nope, no double bagging at this GE. I'm not even asking for joyful cashiers. I'm asking for cashiers who say HELLO, your total is, & thank you/have a nice day. Most of the time, I'm the one to say have a nice day, & I don't even get a shrug or eye contact. I feel like turnover rate here is high too, because I rarely see the same people twice. They clearly aren't firing people for their lack of friendliness or speediness; so they must all be quitting.
3	I would never choose to shop here unless it's 12am in the morning, which has been the case twice in the last couple of weeks. A nightmare to get in and out of, and a not-so-clean store. However, it's open until 1am on the weekends and is a great place to stop by on the way home for a few items (or a Redbox movie!). The produce section is actually surprisingly good.
