5	wow.... the best medication in Arizona, don't believe me ? go and check it out, they have over 30 strains all good. Girl scout cookies is unbelievable, and Blue OG. I have to come back for different strains need to try it out.
5	drop by here a few days ago. Really like the way this place looks and runs. The lady bud tenders are really good looking and helpful. They answer all of my questions throughly and in a nice manner what i really like was that they have all of the meds tested and display on cards. There display was also really cool. I got the 4 grams for $70 deal i pick up 2 grams of blue dream and 2 grams of phancy kush. would be back again
5	love the stuff they have here.... lots of different strains to choose from, especially the budget is suitable for everybody.... have to say the prerolled is even better on the price + the quality...... must stop by to have a look at.. the location is kinda hard to find but it worth a drive....
5	Location is right behind the uhaul rental place.  The place itself looks very small from outside, however once you are in it's the opposite. Check in process was quick and easy. Simple forms to fill out if you are a newbie. The meds are all visible and well labeled for ease of shopping. You can open and smell but cannot touch, which is cool because I lean towards fruity and smooth but not earthy flavors.  There are three levels of quality here. Good, very good, and omg good (plus the eats).  The good stuff is well priced, while the premium stuff is pretty straight forward. Although they had 20% off some premiums this week so it changes.  Points towards your next purchase is available and a plus. The people are all courteous and knowledgable, and although you'll likely be assisted by a security guard no worries, thus far pretty cool peoples here. The place is clean and modern. Good spot overall.
1	I'm sorry...but everyone who is reviewing this dispensary and is giving them 5 stars is delusional or has no idea what good meds really are. I bought 3 different 1/4 strains from All Greens and they all blew. All Greens...yeah right...more like All beans! Their so called GDP is not GDP like they say it is. I have never ever seen GDP that has beans in it. Please open your eyes and have the balls to tell these dispensaries that their product is shit....especially since they charge an arm and a leg for all of these 'made up' strains. Or maybe everyone really is delusional and has no idea what good meds really are. When you come from a family that has 20+ years of experience growing HIGH grade meds...you learn the difference fast. Don't be fooled by this dispensary BS here in AZ.
