4	Shintaro offers teppanyaki, sushi and contemporary  tasting menus in the dining room. The sushi bar actually faces a kaleidoscopic display of live jellyfish. I came here for the teppanyaki and it didn't disappoint.  I recommend the "land and sea" pre fixe ($85/person) which includes salad, miso soup, mixed vegetables, prawns, lobster tail, white fish, filet mignon and fried rice. The portions are quite generous so be prepared to eat a lot.
4	Great sushi, especially the lobster rolls. Especially nice if you can get a table overlooking the fountains - what a view!
4	Visited Shintaro 7/8/06 at 6pm. It was a weeknight.Food: 4 starsDecor: 5 stars nice, view of fountains, natural stone floors, marble teppan yaki tables and sushi bar with live jellyfish tanks.Service: 5 stars They were attentive and removed plates properly.Cost: 4 stars. pricey. a bowl of broth and 1 prawn was $17. Ordered:Veggie Tempura$2/pr - well done and very tasty.Lemongrass soup $17- broth with 1 prawn. the prawn was one of the best ive ever had but $17! jeez.Sake Nigiri- creamy, tender. good but not excellent which was surprising.Unagi Nigiri- not as good as kirala and it was served cold!Pros: nice sushi barCons: overpriced soup.Overall: will return if i get the sushi craving and i cant wait until i get back to kirala.
2	Hmm, I have to go contrary to these other reviews.The food is good, yes.  The sushi, in particular, is excellent.BUT, the price is just absolutely insane for what you get.  There are just so many places with great food in vegas, that to charge close to $100/person for what you get is unreasonable.When we were dining here, we saw at least 3 couples come in, sit down, look at the menu (and the high high prices), and leave.Seriously, any dinner is going to seriously set you back, and while the food is good, it does not measure up to the price.I suppose if money were no object, which this city tends to cater to, you could argue that the ambience and quality of food is top notch.  However, there are other places in Vegas, and indeed the Bellagio, that I would recommend over Shintaro.
4	My fiance took me here for my birthday dinner and we ate at the teppan table.  The New York steak was tender and cooked medium rare just how I like it to perfection.  The Lobster tail was succulent and the bottle of Turnbull cab was the perfect meal topper.  It is a little pricey, but what can I say, it's Vegas!
4	After booking this place 2hr. ahead (we booked at 7pm for our 9pm reservation), I came to Shintaro w/ a buddy of mine during our CES show  as we been told by family friend that 'the Japanese resturant in Bellagio' is really good. Well, it's good if it's on company's expense/if you're accompany your parents/someone is pickin' up the tab, cuz it can be a bit pricy.  My friend & I didn't feel like spend 30-40 some bucks for the sake wine list, so we just order some Japanese beer & order their special on the menu along w/ some tempura appetizer to share and still came to be about $70-80/per person, the rest of the menu are avg. about $20-$30 for the main course.  We didn't sit at the sushi bar at front/the teppanyaki side, but the people there seem to enjoy themselves.  But if you're coming to Shintaro, I'd recoomend to skip the sushi bar, the teppanyaki, just do the regular menu & sit by their seating where you get the fullview of the foutain right outside of Bellagio, the Paris cross st.  I guess, those altogether, if you have to spend in style, you might as well do-it-right, right?
4	This was another "on the company" dinner.  That being said, I have to say that it was excellent sushi.  I had the albacore and the yellowtail and both were melt in my mouth perfect.  Seriously.  I also had the popcorn shrimp with chili oil that was done very well.  My friend had the udon and she is a PICKY Asian food eater...she raved.  Said she'd go back in a heartbeat--which is quite a compliment.  Service was good.  Now all that being said, it was expensive for what you get.  Of course, it IS Vegas so what do you expect?
3	So many of Bellagio's restaurants are good, and I had high hopes for the sushi bar.  It was disappointing.  The atmosphere is excellent, with colored jellyfish tanks behind the bar.  However, the sushi is merely good - not as good as some other top places.  Even more importantly, the sushi chefs are subdued, which may be proper for Bellagio but is not proper for a sushi bar.  Given the prices, not worth it.
5	I can't believe this place closed down.  The food here was consistantly good and the Green Tea Creme Brulee was to die for.  Damn.
