4	Traditionally, Poland is not recognised for its world class foods - however, without a shadow of a doubt it should be if Bona Deli is a taste of what is to come.The story goes that when the store first opened, Polish immigrants who hadnt seen thier home for years would come into the deli to smell the smells of Poland. Indeed, the smell of fresh Polish bread often greets you as you enter the small deli situated on South Clerk street.Bona Deli trades in meats, breads, speciality Polish vodka's (a personal favourite of mine) and various other wonders which I am yet to discover - mainly because the packaging is often in Polish, something I dont speak at all.While I could sing the praises of Bona Deli all day, it does have a few draw backs - namely the quite expensive prices and how quickly it runs out of its most popular items, more than once causing dissapointment.Regardless of this however, Bona Deli is a great deli  - with real Polish passion.
4	I was so ignorant about Polish delicacies until my friend brought me here and I can see what all the fuss is about! Although most of us may have heard about Polish Vodka, in fact we fail to acknowledge their contribution to bakery, sweet making and of course dumplings! This place boasts a good selection of almost everything, including a great meat counter and fresh bread.
4	Bona Deli is a fantastic delicatessen, selling predominately Polish food in the centre of busy Nicolson Street. I go into this store quite a lot in the mornings for my breakfast on my way to classes to buy their pastries which are simply gorgeous. They have a good selection of different Polish foods such as gherkins, sausages and, of course, vodka! They also sell herbs and spices such as dill and caraway seeds which can sometimes be difficult to find in the larger food stores. Bona Deli sell the traditional deli food, with an excellent selection of meats, fish, cheese and fresh bread.  However, with this wide range of food also come the usual expensive deli prices so I tend to think that many of their goods are overpriced.  The staff are always smiling, polite and willing to help you find what you are looking for.
4	Bona Deli is an excellent Polish delicatessen on Clerc Street which has friendly, knowledgable service and loads of interesting and rare produce.  They sell a huge range of authentic Polish ingredients and delicassies ranging from huge bags of things which look like kettle chips to a whole range of pickled vegetables.  Their cured meats section is particularly impressive with a huge selection of smoked hams and cured poultry.  Their cheeses are also tempting with many of them looking - and sounding - obscure, but also delicious.  Bona Deli has an excellent range of food and drink and, although it's understandably pricy, it's well worth the extra money.
4	I have to admit, Polish cuisine doesn't exactly excite me all that much but I can honestly say that there are few things I find as tasty as a Kabanos which is absolutely delicious and they have a good selection of them in Bona Deli. Bona Deli is an excellent resource if you're looking for some Polish food and I was thrilled to see that they sold Almette which is a really creamy Philadelphia type spread that I ate literally every day on my travels through Eastern Europe - it's just so tasty. I had a great browse around here the other day and was really intrigued by some of the pickled jars, I was also ecstatic to see a wicker basket full of gherkins and I decided to buy a couple to chomp on and they were pickle-tastic.
4	The Polish deli's that have been popping up over the city are each more excellent than the next. Someone has set the standard high, since most are quite upmarket. Bona Deli is no exception - from the minute you step in the door you are faced with delicious bread, pastries, dumplings, Polish confectionery and (powers up) - the meat counter! Polish sausage is an out of this world experience that everyone must try once in their life.They have a great selection of booze that doesn't just consist of vodka - there are some very nice Polish beers that I am eager to try. There are also some polish branded goods in their convenience store section. Lovely, and as appreciated by the Scottish as the Polish quarter of Edinburgh! Friendly service, too. Yum, yum.
4	I love this place. I love discovering their breads, sausages and meats when I pop in. Every time I'm in it feel like I'm in Poland (or what I think a Polish Deli would be like in Poland..if you get what I mean!) The voices and the smells of the food. Price wise is seems to be on a par with other local delis.
4	This Polish deli is well on the way to become a lot bigger (hopefully not to the same sudden departure as Deli Polonia!). I like the welcome we got when we visited and they have got a lot of speciality meats for sale. (but no Oxtongue..though) Their available variety of Polish and Baltic produce is impressive. Not too expensive and when I am in the neighbourhood again I  will give them a visit.
