5	We like the customer service so we keep coming back.
3	Nice store and good customer service, but I was disappointed at the price of the products. I bought a pint of Suspend SC there for $67. Went online for the same product and found it $40 and free shipping. I understand the cost of running a storefront and am willing to pay extra for a local product, but come on! I won't pay an extra 70% on a product ($27) just to support a local business.
5	I am indebted to this store. My home was infiltrated with ticks thanks to my beloved puppies and after using some other store bought solutions (from Target) and then hiring an expensive professional service to treat our home inside and out, we still kept finding the ticks on our dogs and in our home. The wonderful people at Bug and Weed Mart in Phoenix, provided me with very simple instructions and after a very small investment and about an hour of my time treating my year and home, I am happy to say-"problem solved!"  I only wish I knew about this store and went to them in the first place. It would have saved me a lot of time and money.
5	Awesome customer service!  The gentleman that helped me gave me VERY detailed instructions on how the product works, and how to make it as effective as possible.  If you're a first time do it yourselfer .... This is the place to go to.
4	Really like having experts available for their advice.  Great customer service and a large variety of supplies to take care of your needs.  I have been in a few times and every product I have purchased has not let me down.  Only downfall I have is their hours of business.  Its hard to get there after work or before work due to their limited time of operation.  Even being open 30 mins longer on weekdays would help probably a lot of people.  Or open earlier during the summer on weekends so people can apply product before it is 110 degrees out.  Other than that I have no complaints about the shop.
5	We had a great experience in here. Am older man helped us and he was great. He was not pushy and was very honest with us! He is a great employee I wish I had got his name! We will be back. Thanks again!!
1	Disgusting place, extremely arrogant owner,  horrible service.  I waited 10 minutes while he waited on a customer, another customer came in and the owner ignored me to wait on this new customer.  Never acknowledged my presence.  None of my money will ever go to this company.
