5	2 for 1 car wash. $7.
4	I don't frequent Green Valley Grocery / Shell Gas Station all that much.  I have stopped here in the past, as it is on my way to my old gym.  It's all about convenience for me at gas stations / mini marts.  The times that I have come here I have paid at the pump.  And, I think that I have entered the store part once or twice for road-trip goodies or ice.  My reason for coming today was to gas up my fathers car that he let me borrow.  Gas seems to be a little more expensive than the place I usually go to.  $3.74 a gallon.  But, what is $.30 cents or so more for a tank of gas?  Like I said, it's all about convenience.  So, as gas stations go... this place is good.
4	Water stop, pretty convenient, gas prices here a less than spots closer to the strip. Coffee, water and snacks. You can get a car wash here as well. Gas and wash the car get some snacks and back on the freeway..
1	Every time I stop here, I am accosted by beggars as I pump gas or put air in my tires. I have complained twice to the clerks; they seem disinterested. I note the criminals take the dollars they cadge into the store and buy things. Perhaps that is why management doesn't provide security or call 911. I will never stop there again.
1	I still have the original receipt from when I was there on August 4, 2014 @ 10:15 AM & Transaction #35504The male Caucasian who was the cashier was given a $20 bill by me, and I uttered the words, "Out of 20" when I handed it to him.  He gave me change from a $10 bill and NO RECEIPT.  When I began to count my change in front of him (and the TV surveillance cameras) he suddenly "corrected himself" and said that he had made a "mistake," then handed me my correct change with the receipt.But, the receipt clearly shows that I tendered EXACT CHANGE.  This was done so he could pocket the change that he didn't give me, FOR HIMSELF.It also shows a PHONY WEBSITE ADDRESS: www.877MYSHELL.com  You go there and you see a screen showing you that that website address isn't valid.I won't ever shop there again, and you should avoid that particular store, also, forever.I think I'll also send a copy of my receipt (and the details) to Las Vegas Metro, so they can inform owner Richard Crawford that one of his lowly employees is running a scam operation at that store and ripping off the public.
1	Don't waste your money on car wash here if you don't intend to use it right away. You have 2 weeks to the minute to use it or lose it.  I purchased a $7.00 deluxe wash a couple of weeks ago which had expiration date of today, 12-4-14.  It's been raining here for three days but I knew if I didn't use it, I had wasted my hard earned money. So I went anyway this afternoon to use it and I was told my code had expired at the exact same time as when I purchased it, 8AM. No where on the receipt did it say that.  Beneath my code it said only, "good thru 12-4-14"Furious!  No customer service skills here at all. The assistant manager, Jim, said he couldn't take care of it because he would get in trouble by the owner.  There was a blonde woman also working who said, "most people use their car wash the same day". Well lady, I don't!  What's the deal with expiration date on a purchased car wash anyway?  I'm not in the habit of donating my money to the already bloated coffers of She'll Oil or to the owners of Green Valley Grocery.
