1	Fat Lush, Fat Idiot, Fat Mess, Fat Cow, Fat Tailgate...Fat nasty!I wanted to like this place. I really did. The sandwich names sound good and greasy and I thought that if I was just perfectly, overly drunk, it would score. Nuh uh. Leave this place for the 2 a.m. State Street Brats crowd.Think of all your favorite guilty fried pleasures: jalapeno poppers, cheese curds, cheese sticks, chicken fingers, and pizza bites. They even have macaroni and cheese along with mini corndogs. Now, imagine all of these stuffed into a soft bun and topped off with a handful of cold, greasy fries. That's Fat Sandwich for ya! Amazingly, of the two sandwiches we tried, even with all that grease there was no flavor. I wanted to pull out the salt n pepper n hot sauce! I walked down State Street the next morning and shamefully eyed the darkened Fat Sandwich window. It was covered in greasy hand prints and names written in grease. Ugh. Fat Goodbye!
2	I read about the fries on sandwich and wanted to try it.I got the Fat F sandwich with cheesesteak, chicken fingers, and mozzarella sticks.  All sandwiches come with mayo, ketchup, and fries.  One bite and it was over.  It's so hard to swallow that first bite and then get it down.  But it's pretty good as well.  The salty flavors of the chicken fingers and cheese sticks draws you back for more.  I could only finish half the sandwich before I was defeated, knocked down by grease, salt, and that chewy dough texture that makes you want to chew and chew.I probably wouldn't come here again on better judgment, but I might just one last time.
1	This place is gross.  I left the minute I saw the menu.  Most of the sandwich names include some sort of derogatory quip about women.  The staff look like extras from a Van Wilder movie.  If you want a sandwich with chicken fingers, tater tots, and french fries all rolled into one and slathered in ranch then this is your place.  The place screams frat boy in the worst possible way.  Please don't give this place your patronage.
1	Grossest sandwich I've had in a while...made by the most unkempt, greasiest, most stoned undergrads I've ever seen.  I think they used Velveeta for the cheese too.  In Wisconsin, shouldn't that be some sort of crime punishable by death?Sllllllloooooooowww service (gee, I wonder why) for an easy sandwich.  And why is their gimmick to put the fries in the sandwich?  Changing fry placement is NOT innovative.Never again!
3	Aww... come on guys. It's not THAT bad. And seriously. It's called "Fat Sandwich Company." This ain't going to be classy dining. Also, considering the placement of the restaurant... CLEARLY, they will most likely hire undergrads, possibly of the tool variety. Whatever. It's cool. They need money to pay for their beer too. Don't hate.That being said. I heart the hangover sandwiches. Egg? Good. Cheese? Good. Sausage? Good. Hashbrowns? Goooooooood.
1	the hamburgers are like school lunch hamburgers that have been supersized.  that being said, i think my hamburger might have been the most edible thing on the menu.  my companion's food looked like vomit on a bun.
1	Serving food like this should be a crime. In theory, fat sandwich could have worked. They could have served good, greasy, creative food, and I would have been all over that like a fly on shit. Instead, all the flies on shit you'll find here are just the ones crawling around their kitchen.The basic idea of a fat sandwich is that you take all this prepackaged frozen finger food and pile it into a sandwich of your choosing, such that you can get fried mac and cheese, tater tots, french fries, hamburger patties, gyro meat, mozzarella sticks, sausages, and chicken fingers all in one large, nasty sandwich.My main problem with fat sandwiches is that they're serving you the same fried garbage that you could get for half the price in the freezer section at Sam's Club, except that they've somehow made it worse. They're using the lowest quality of ingredients available, and it is completely apparent upon the first bite you take.Every single ingredient they use just tastes godawful. It doesn't really matter what you pick to put on your fat sandwich, because it will all taste the same. Again, let me emphasize, EVERY SANDWICH TASTES EXACTLY THE SAME. Combine that with the fact that they're serving this food in days-old rolls that have the taste and consistency of paper, and you just feel insulted. I got food of this quality inside my high school cafeteria, and I have no interest in suffering through it again.Now obviously, you have to be pretty inebriated to want a sandwich like that. Fat Sandwich Co knows that, and they play on that. This place loves to encourage self-destructive behavior like binge drinking and eating their sandwiches, and if it ever has customers inside, it's a group of loudmouthed frat boy stereotypes covered in their own vomit. But no matter how intoxicated I am, I will never ever make the mistake of eating at this hole ever again. The fact that we're all a bunch of alcoholic college students is not an excuse to serve us bad food.The thing about us is that we're also as poor as we are irresponsible, which helps to remind you of how bad of a decision it is to go here. $8 for a fat sandwich. 8 fucking dollars for this shit. Then I can complement it with a $10 pack of cigarettes, in case I'm stupid enough to fall for your 50% upcharge. At least charge me what this garbage is worth, you sanctimonious assholes.
2	I'm only giving it two stars because I do agree with previous posters that the food used within the dishes could be improved--that, and you can't eat here a lot lest you want to be--well, fat.However, it's called "Fat Sandwich Company." I'm not quite sure what part of that some of the other reviewers are missing, but it's not exactly high quality, restaurant-style food.It's greasy, it's gooey, it's dripping--it's a fat sandwich. A lot of people in this area may not have experienced what a fat sandwich is, but it's basically a sandwich where you stuff everything that sounds delectable in it--mozzarella sticks? Sure. French fries? Absolutely.It's not the best or thought-inspiring food experience you'll ever have, but it's something that satisfies hunger and it's worth eating at every now and then.
3	It's in the name, Fat. Don't expect something healthy. It'll satisfy your hunger.Good enough for me to come back if convenient.
4	While fat sandwich may not have the best service, they are at least friendly. Anyways they're college kids working at a late-night drunk food place--what do you expect? Fat sandwich is a great place to go if you're looking for fun food options (think appetizers + cheesesteak sandwiches loaded with fries inside or on the side). Definatly fun and worth a trip.
2	"I am sitting in fat sandwich watching the hapless fool cooking this garbage. He has to take a step back every 3 seconds to check the ticket for each ingredient. Good lord this place is slooooooooow."So I wrote as a I waited at FSC.  Then I got my sandwich.  it was mediocre.
4	I'm not sure where all the hate is coming from but this place is pretty good.  t's not expensive and you get what you're looking for:  greasy, delicious, comfort food.  It reminds me a lot of the Grease Trucks in New Brunswick on the Rutgers campus.  Actually, I think it's the same thing and one of these entities copied the idea from each other.  I got some fried cheese curds as well and that really just killed me.  Delicious but I definitely did not feel so great afterwards.  I had to throw away 2/3 of the curds because I was eating them by myself and I was eating them by myself because I've never been to Wisconsin before and all anyone ever asked me was, "Have you tried the cheese curds?!?!"  Had to try.  I don't think place is known for their curds but to a city slicker like me, it didn't really matter.  Cheese is fat is greasy is delicious is disgusting is so bad for you.Basically, I could see this place getting five stars all around from drunk people who get really hungry.  However, State Street doesn't seem to lack for post-drinking eating.
4	I had heard about Fat Sandwich Company before and thought I HAVE go there.  In my head i imagine Man vs Food going there and taping a show.  I personally thought the food lived up to my expectations.   I ordered the Fat WalkOfShame which had cheesesteak, egg, mayo, bacon, ketchup and fries.  The only shame I had was that I was eating this giant sandwich by myself and managed to inhale it all.  I think this is the perfect place in the perfect location.  If you're going to expect fine dining then forget it.  The service was a typical sandwich place with food made to order.  Don't expect the normal club sandwich or cheese burger here!I think all the bad review people need to pull their panties out of the butts....no offense.  :)  The only drawback that I can think of is that I may have suffered a mild heart attack on my walk back to work...KIDDING!
1	I have been told several times that this place was pretty decent for food.  I wasn't expecting five-star, but I was expecting to get something relatively good.  The best way to describe what I was expecting was about a little less than Culver's quality.  I was completely mislead.  The only thing decent was the roll the sandwich came on.  The onions were cut large and chunky, I got mostly stalk (vs. leaf) of the lettuce, and the meat was over-cooked.  The fries (which I got on the side anyway) were stale as hell.  Did I mention I paid way too much for this thing?  Somewhere along the lines of $7+.  I feel completely cheated.  I wouldn't even recommend this for after-bar food.
3	The name says it all. The thing about this restaurant is that you should go in expecting exactly that "a fat sandwich". If you are expecting an exceptional meal, you will be disappointed. However, going in with the expectation of feeling full, eating some greasy goodness and getting your fill of junk food for the whole week, you will be satisfied.I have only ever had the sandwiches, and they are all very good. If you are looking for some greasy comfort food, venture to Fat Sandwich Co. FYI, all the sandwiches have some hilarious names and they also have some funny t-shirts.
