3	Not bad. Nothing horrendously special but still a good time. The meat was very fresh and tasty, the steamboat broth was rather plain and didn't transfer to the meat much, but the sauce plate was fun and tasty.It is a long meal, however, so make sure you have plenty of time and are in no rush!It was a nice experience but nothing made me think "oh yeah"
4	I just love fondue. I come here when its ALL YOU CAN EAT for one price. You can actually spend hours at this place talking, eating. Its lots of fun. Don't come here with older generation people since some do not enjoying cooking their own food at a restaurant. I had a horrible experience with that. Note that if you are really hungry, this is not the place for you. It takes time for the food to cook, and before your satisfied you will be at McDonalds getting a meal.The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is clean. Make reservations just in case they have lots of people enjoying there fondue dinner.
1	We made reservations for this place and when we got there, our table wasn't ready. We had to wait 10mins for our table. Once we were seated, we waited for 30mins and nobody served us even after repeatedly asking for service!! We walked out. Also the place looked a little dirty.
3	I would totally come back here to try the three course fondue extravaganza, I missed out on the cheese and chocolate courses this time and I still regret it. They also do raclette, which if you haven't had you absolutely should try here while in town, but if you live in Montreal you probably have a raclette plate at home and can do epic feasts for less without taking off your house pants. The "Chinese style" broth fondue was tasty but the broth could have been much more flavourful. I tried the first-timer melange of meats and seafood, which is a great way to go if you feel like a bit of everything, but the filet mignon and the salmon were the definite highlights. Service was friendly, not rushed but timely, the decor is warm and the art not bad at all. The tables are nicely spaced, and the lighting and colouring is warm and yellowy, and reminiscent of cheese. Ideal.
4	Food is simply fabulous as is the service. Everything was super fresh and of the finest quality.I was given a Groupon coupon. Groupon messed up and did not print the promotional menu with the offer. When I arrived I'd already decided what I wanted to try off the regular menu. Upon being seated found the set menu; I immediately brought to the server's attention that the coupon did not state a preset menu. He explained how they'd provided the menu and it was Groupon's error but he would do his utmost to accommodate me & he did. We ended up half off the preset and regular menu.We spent a comfortable and leisurely 2.5 hours to eat our meal and were thoroughly impressed. Everything was delicious and the amount of food was more than sufficient. The service was attentive without being sticky.We left a 20% tip and vowed we'd return.A bit pricey.
1	Unfortunately, my first ever Yelp review is in response to perhaps the worst dining experience I have ever had; which is saying something, considering I've probably averaged 200+ restaurant meals per year over the past 11 years. If this review was about the food, I'd have given it 3 stars - not great, not terrible. We had originally gone to this neighborhood to have some poutine at a neighboring establishment, but there was a significant outdoor wait in -20 Celsius weather, so we came here.  Perhaps the wait would have been a more comfortable experience.  My wife and I both ordered the "Chinese" style fondue - hers with chicken, mine with thinly sliced beef.  The sauces they gave us were just OK.  The cooking is up to you, the consumer, so you need to be careful or you may over or under cook your food.  The cooking broth was nicely spiced.  But the "service" we received was poor, bordering on hostile. I think the waitress was annoyed that we didn't order alcoholic drinks or upgrade to the "feast" option with our meal. After ordering, my wife asked our waitress for a water refill and then waited about 7-10 minutes before we saw her again.  We continued to wait for our food without our her checking in on us, until we flagged her down so that we could each get a refill of water.....we waited again for the food and the water (probably another 10 minutes) and I repeatedly made eye contact with this waitress, hoping she would at least bring us the water.  But she ignored us, while she tended to other customers....mind you, the water was sitting on a table 7 feet away, but it would be rude/inappropriate to fetch our own water, so we didn't. When she finally served us our water and the meat (but not the cooking broth) portion of the meal she was extremely curt when I asked if she knew when the broth would arrive.  Anyway, eventually the broth did arrive and we had an OK meal, but by that point our dinner had been pretty much spoiled.  We would have ordered two portions of their probably delicious, but overpriced ($10) chocolate fondue and given her a nice tip had our experience been different. Throughout this ordeal, my wife and I were completely polite and did not say anything cross to our waitress, so I seriously don't get why we were treated the way we were being treated.Alas, we asked for our check and got a somewhat hostile explanation that we couldn't put a gratuity on our credit card.  It's just as well, because it made it easier to leave her a $1 cash tip that was probably $1 too much, and a note about the hostile service.
4	It's pricey, even though I went on a Tuango deal, but so far it's the most delicious fondue Ive had in the city. Definitely a great fondue-for-two for people in relationships. I dont know about eating lots of cheese on a first date though, so Im referring to seasoned lovers lol.The chocolate dessert fondue is romantic for all levels of intimacy though!
4	Service was lacking but quantity and quality of food was perfect.  Very much a mid range resto with a good mix of food!
