5	I'm the kind of guy thats apprehensive about oil changes and auto repairs of any kind. I have always received bad service by what seems like salesman not listening to what I really want but instead unselling me on things I don't need. Not at this location! From the second I pull up to the bay doors to the second I leave I am treated like a VIP. The gentleman even run up and open the car door for my wife. The crew at this location actively listen, engage us in conversation and most importantly they don't batter me with constant up sells. They respect the word no and don't push. This crew is why I am going to stay a Jiffy Lube customer for a long time.
5	I just had to write a review on this place, this is my second time coming here, and I have to say, they are the most polite, and customer service friendly place I have ever went to get my oil changed at. They know what they are doing and doing a Great Job. They don't try to upsale things you don't need. They are really helpful and professional, since I am a woman, I have been to places that were not professional and I actually didn't go back because of how uncomfortable they made me feel. But this Jiffy Lube was fantastic. Great Job!!!
5	I used this Jiffy Lube out of necessity one day after my husband's truck nearly ran dry of oil while I was running errands. Now I never go anywhere else. The employees here are SO polite, and don't pressure you to buy unnecessary add-ons. Exact quote from the guy today: "Your filters look good, belts look good, everything looks good, so we'll just get you a quick oil change today!"
5	I just needed a smog check. Normally a take my car to some dingy place with some dirty guy who looks like a meth head working there. You know what I'm talking about... They smog me, the sketchy guy charging me 20 bucks, and I'm on my way. But this place is different... It was clean. The guy instantly grab my keys and did my smog. He smiled and was nice. My check was only 25 bucks. It makes me wonder why they going to the seedy places in the hood for my whole life. I'll definitely be back for smogs and oil changes for now on.  If you're interested in quick and cost effective service at a place that is clean and comfortable, then check out this location.
4	I came to get my smog checked and it took 10 minutes.  I was in and out and had a very nice man helping me.  While he was doing his thing we chatted, had a lot in common about our home towns.  It was great service and a great price~  $19.95!  Cant beat that!
3	Friendly service, but SLOW!  I was the only car when I arrived. They went right to work, but since starting about 5 other cars have showed up. For some reason my car is now sitting and NOTHING is being done while they work on other cars. Since I have ADD myself, I can understand the technician having it as well, but finish my car already.  *update* One hour and 15 minutes and STILL waiting! *update* Sweet Jesus, they finally got that tire back on.*update* There are 42 ceiling tiles in the waiting area*update* They're done!  I'm going to get some ice cream to celebrate!
5	2nd time here and we're probably going to be regulars. Great customer service! Sean was very informative on what needed to be done maintenance wise, honest mechanic and definitely not money hungry. Signature Service Oil Change, new battery & installation - all just 30 minutes. That's what I'm talking about! In and out, hassle free & simple. We'll definitely be back :) Thanks guys!
5	Awesome service and customer service, very honest, helpful, knowledgeable and fast definitely not trying to rip you off!! Highly recommendable.  Thank you all..
5	Great, quick, friendly service. Did not try to nickel and dime me. If you're looking for an oil change look no further.
5	These guys give great customer service, perform quick services, and don't try to shove stuff down your throat. They recommend services but aren't pushy about them, and they're honest when you don't need items (the service writer pulled out my air & engine filters, showed them to me, and said they could go a few more changes--during the same visit, they told another customer who came in for an oil change that she wasn't due for several months, instead of just taking her money & doing it when it wasn't needed). Not all Jiffy Lubes are created equal, but if they were, they would do well to follow this model.
5	Went in for an Oil Change and was pleasantly suprised at how professional and polite the mechanics were. Besides the great customer service they were quick and thorough with my oil change which was a plus. Las Vegas is a place where u have to be very careful on who u let service your car,  but I can honestly say for this being my first time these guys were rite on it. I will definitely return and hope that the service will continue to be A-1 as sometimes I've learned places will do great work the first time and after you return they start really showing their true colors. I hope this isn't the case here.
5	Very informative. Quick oil change plus all the extras they offer with the service earned 5 stars. I will be back with my other vehicle.
5	Only car here. I have a smog place I usually go to but today it would've been out of the way. So far friendly and went straight to smog my vehicle. I usually don't go to places like these because, well, I simply don't trust them. This place have friendly staff and quick smog check. For few dollars more than place I normally go to, I get ac and fan in the waiting room. Smog done. No hassle no fuss. Thanks!
5	Got my oil change there tonight. Friendly staff didn't try to push products on me In N Out 30 minutes would recommend this location to anyone
5	This jiffy lube is always quick and efficient! and super friendly/helpful.. thanks!
