3	I'm essentially ditto-ing what emiana posted about this hotel (we were there on the same visit). Great place with an excellent location and super friendly staff. Still, the lack of free internet access (http://london.blog.qype.com/?p=1882) really put me off. If the price were right (we got a good rate on our visit), I'd probably stay there again. But, honestly, I'd look first for a hotel better situated (Radison SAS or the Scotsman) and for one that offers more 21st century amenities as part of the room rate.
4	My husband and I popped in here for a drink prior to our afternoon Christmas dinner at The Scotsman.  We had a very nice bartender, thebar was sleek and quiet and they had a good selection of top-shelf liquor and wine.  It was a nice respite from the very windy and otherwise frenzied day.
4	I've been into the Balmoral Bar a few times, for coffee with friends and once, for an interview.I should have reviewed it sooner, but I keep forgetting it's there!  Which is not to say it isn't memorable - it's beautiful, the service is 5*, the menu is varied and the quality is excellent - but it's just that I hardly ever think to go in unless it's right in front of me, or a friend suggests it.As soon as someone suggests it, though, I am in with a heart-felt "yes!"The decor is modern Scottish, with understated tartan cushions scattered with other block colour furnishings.  It's elegant and a lovely treat if you're looking for somewhere central with a little more to offer than the more usual High Street coffee chains.  It is a tiny bit more expensive but it also has excellent service and all that elegant space.  There's also Ren products in the loos, pretty crockery and, as Jenny L says, complimentary shortbread with your drinks - what's not to like?Being part of a bar, it's also open later than most coffee shops, which is what sold it to us last night for an after-dinner coffee (or, in my case, hot chocolate).  As soon as someone suggested it, it was a definite yes from me!
1	Food was outstanding!  Service was horrible.
4	First visit to the Balmoral Bar. We were heading home after Oktoberfest & wanted a drink but not a crowded bar so the OH suggested here. I was a bit skeptical because we weren't exactly dressed to the 9's like most of the clientele there. No matter, the staff were very friendly & welcoming, we were shown to a nice corner table & given time to peruse the menu. I opted for a gin & asked for a recommendation as there were some gins on the list I hadn't tried. The waitress was knowledgeable & I was intrigued by the Martin Collins, served with pepper& strawberry. It was lovely & just what I was after.We were also brought complimentary bar snacks which were a nice touch.There's no doubt you pay a premium to drink in here but it is nicely decorated, the service is top notch & it has a lovely ambience.  I'd definitely go back for a nightcap on the way home again or for drinks for a special occasion. The cocktail tasting menu looks like an interesting choice for a night out with the girls once I've saved enough pennies  :)
3	Ended up in here on Friday night for some late drinks with some buddies. First things first. It's rather swish. Thankfully I'd just got back from London so had on a jacket and some trousers which always helps.Secondly - Salted wasabi popcorn. Replenished ad infinatum. Was AMAZINGThirdly - Cashews and stuff - FREEE!!Fourthly - Beer selection was alright if a touch pricey Quintessentially  -  Staff were niceConversely - Seemed to be slightly lacking in atmosphere...I'd go back I guess. Maybe try out some food!
4	I love, love, love this bar. Not because of the way it looks or celeb chefs and all that blah. I love it because the cocktails are just great! Sooo tasty, made with good quality ingredients and some home made there. The tasting menu is the one to have. They bring out a starter/main/desert of drinks with table service and some nibbles. There is no hanging around at the bar, you can just sit back and enjoy your drinks. It's pretty laid back, and most people are smartly dressed. It does have an air of pretension about it but look beyond the toff types (they are there, but in bearable amounts!) and enjoy your drinks and the company your with! The staff are friendly and after our cocktails we went to the bar and they were more than happy to show and explain how they made them, who thought them up, etc. I'd say it's a good place to start a night out, and glam it up a bit. I think the cocktails are pretty strong (good value for money!)...either that or I am a true lightweight :)
4	My cousin and I enjoyed afternoon tea here last year....it was perfect! The service was also good,they first served us a soup? Before we start the afternoon tea..and the afternoon tea set has two part,not like others (sandwich and cakes are in the same container) and after u finished the cakes they'll ask u if you want some Xmas special dessert....it's also a great place to eat!
