2	Since I work in the mall there are only a few places we usually go for lunch and this is a place my coworkers frequent, I do not.The food is ok, mediocre burgers and fries but my major problem with this location is the service. They continuously mess up orders and substitutions. My other problem is that they seem to ignore their customers. You call ahead they don't pick up, you are standing right in front of the hostess' stand and the person just ignores you. Wouldn't you think they would want to try and help you out right away? I guess not. Since this is the first official review for this location I will share a review meant for this location posted on a different JR:       "Here's a suggestion, if your restaurant is dead and there's        someone waiting to place a to go order, how about u tell the staff to tend to them instead of performing their unenthused dance routine for nobody.  Poor prioritizing!!".Care about your customers and you will have them keep coming back for more, don't ignore
1	I 110% agree with Elysia. I also work in the mall and my coworkers and I have been to Johnny Rockets a bunch of times combined. I can say that I have had one semi-decent experience out of ten. The customer service is HORRIBLE! I always order the veggie patty and twice they messed that up... I call in all of my orders and being placed on hold means listening to the hostess take other peoples orders while the phone sits on the counter. Shortest amount of time you'll wait is 5 minutes, so you'll want to hang up and call back later. The staff always seem to be in a bad mood, their is no sense of urgency, and very disorganized... come on! it's a burger joint! And they dance?!?! Last thing I will say is considering my coworkers and I used to always order from Johnny Rockets, you would think they would remember at least one of us and not look at us like complete strangers when we go to pickup our order. The sad thing is, I love Johnny Rockets, but will not be returning to this location. I will take my $13 else where...
4	This was my first time visiting a Johnny Rockets and i loved the burgers and the staff..... 1950's theme. The side of fries should be a little bigger but overall it was a good meal.
4	We went here yesterday for lunch since my eye doctor's appt. was nearby (across the way, inside the Fashion Show Mall, right near Nordstrom). We asked if they would take the Entertainment Book Coupon and they accepted it, even though the location was not specified on the back (that's why it never hurts to ask). This was nice. Nice staff greeting- this is a 50's type place, with the staff wearing the hats, and complete outfits which match the overall theme of the restaurant- and they do a dance every once in a while, too. We didn't wait for a table. We got the corner one facing the mall, so it was prime people- watching property ('course they all stare at us when we're eating our food, too, haha). BTW, these restaurants are popping up in other malls in the city, like the Meadows.     I usually get a chicken sandwich, but I opted for the Chicken Philly, with mushrooms, peppers, and onions and choice of cheese- I chose swiss, @ $10.99, this time. My husband got his favorite, a bbq sauce style burger. The crispy golden fries come with the sandwich here (not at the Paradise location- we've been there, many times). My sandwich was pretty big and the fries were too much for me to eat (only had a portion). My husband's burger was different, but better, and he couldn't place it; what made it better this time. I told him, maybe it was the place. I would definitely get the Chicken Philly again- it was really very good, the bread was soft, the veggies made it more filling too, and the seasoning used on the chicken was really good- didn't need anything else. Our server was very nice and so was the rest of the staff. My husband thought the dance was goofy, but I liked the fun in it; kinda went with the whole 1950's feeling of a diner, the Grease version anyway.
4	Just flown in, and a perfect way to start the day.  Really love the sweet potato fries.  Burgers are classic, nothing fancy, and service here (and anywhere in Vegas) was great.
3	Because I haven't been thrilled with the hamburgers here, this time I sat at the counter and ordered a Patty Melt for lunch.  With a fairly plain but very good side salad with tomato pieces, fresh lettuce, Cheddar Cheese shavings, and Honey Mustard Dressing, it was a really good sandwich.  The medium well beef patty was hot and featured grilled onions and melted Cheddar Cheese on the buttered and grilled rye  And, I learned that a Vanilla Pepsi tastes almost as good as a Vanilla Coke--but not quite.  And there are free refills on Pepsi.  This was the best substantive food I have had here to date.  Only a shake (and in the past they have been very good) was missing.On the negative side, a fly zipped around the open counter, and one cook and one shake maker were attired in filthy aprons.  When I tried to settle my bill and pay a server standing near the cash register, I was told to pay my server directly instead.  But she was engaged in other tasks, and I needed to leave right away.  Finally, Diane arrived from an eye exam and effected my release by giving me correct change, and I was able to place the payment and tip on the counter and leave. But I don't think I should have been delayed and horsed around in this manner by the restaurant staff.
4	The waitresses were nice.The burger was good and the philly steak was okay.In all, it is a nice fast food place to eat in.
1	"This was the most unprofessional restaurant I've ever eaten in.... While we were eating, the servers were also eating. Like actually had whole plates of food in front of them while their tables ate. The customer service was just terrible. All of the employees, from the hostess to the supervisor, were in bad moods. My boyfriend's food was burnt and my burger was so greasy that I couldn't keep it together. Not a fan of this place....."
2	Good milkshake.. but the worst service ever.
4	We've bypassed  this place several times when we've gone to Vegas...always opting for the food court in Fashion Show.  We decided eh...let's just try it...especially because I wasn't done shopping on that particular side of the mall.First...yeah..I'd have to agree with previous reviews of the service.  It's not the worst...but definitely needs some help in that area.  I ordered the Texas Toast Chicken Sandwich (I don't know what it's called on the menu).  It was really good...I upgraded my fries to chili/cheese.  I didn't care for the chili...kinda tasted like Hormel canned chili.The chocolate shake was yum and well presented.  I will definitely eat here again the next time we go to Vegas.
3	At Johnny Rockets my taste buds do not take off. The selection and taste of their food is average. Johnny Rockets is a sit-down 60's diner-themed restaurant that is located deep in the Fashion Show Mall near Dillard's. The wait staff dress as 1960's diner servers. They stick to the role so well that on top of the hour they will stand in front of the patrons while dancing to an oldies tune. Keeping with the 1960's diner theme, every table features a juke box. It was so enjoyable listening to the oldies (I think I was born in the wrong era.)  In my opinion the oldies playing on the juke box is beats the food. I rate the oldies songs from 4 to 5 stars, where I rate Johnny Rockets 3 stars.  Johnny Rocket's menu focuses on burgers. The starting price of a burger that includes fries is $9.95. Individual toppings cost $1 extra. The toppings include chili, fried egg, grilled bell peppers, grilled onions, and jalapeno slices. If you want bacon or onion rings as a topping it is $2 extra. Each cheese topping is $2 extra. They are American, cheddar, and pepper jack. Johnny Rockets also offer protein options for $2 extra. They include a turky patty, soy boca burgers, and chicken breasts. In addition to burgers, the menu also features Rocket melts, Philly cheese steaks, hot dogs, onion rings, fries, BLTs, and shakes.  What brought me to walk from Bellagio to Fashion Show Mall was Johnny Rockets delicious egg salad sandwich. However, in similar fashion to my Interstate 515 business listing, it is gone. Boo! Tired of burgers, I ordered the Philly cheese steak sandwich with fries. I felt that the Philly cheese steak fell short of meat. The fries were average. It was a three stars okay.  At Johnny Rockets my taste buds do not take off and remain down to earth. Then again I am a down to earth Yelper that is giving Johnny Rockets a 3 star rating.***Review 61 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge***
2	We ordered takeout for lunch for the office. I ordered a patty melt with pepper Jack cheese and sourdough bread. It was pretty good, but I wasn't impressed with the fries or onion rings. Fries were soggy and onion rings were the kind when you bite into it the onion easily comes out.  Not impressed. One co-worker ordered a bacon cheese burger and cheese fries. She had ordered the cheese fries before and it had originally had cheese sauce over the fries. This time it just had melted cheddar over the top and they were definitely not as good. Consistency is very important as if she had known it was just going to be melted cheddar she wouldn't have ordered them.  Her burger was pretty good and it was very big.  The next co-worker ordered a chicken Philly sandwich and it was terrible. All bread and grilled onions. The chicken had no flavor and did not look like all white meat. She cut each bread slice in half and had enough bread/onions to make a complete other sandwich. She was really disappointed that it was so terrible. She took a few bites but she couldn't even finish it. Another co-worker ordered the BLT and fries.  The BLT was good but the fries were too soggy again.All in all this place is ok for burgers/patty melts/BLT but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here. Becuase you can find a better burger for cheaper at a wide variety of other places. Most importantly I expect consistency when I go to a place. It's so frustrating to order something and get it one way one time and a different way the next.Even with the limited choices that we have for lunch near the office I doubt we'll be back.
2	Johnny Rocket's  at The Fashion show is not worth your time and money.  We had been to other Johnny Rocket's, so we were familiar with the brand.  Our server was very nice, and the food was fine, probably  3.5 stars for the food.  I'm not sure about pricing at all Johnny Rocket's since I hadn't been to one recently, but we had one Philly cheese steak with a small amount of fries, one shake, a root beer float, and two cokes ---- the price before tip was $38!  Drinks at all restaurants are over priced, but not like this.   I would have walked out when I saw the prices, but I didn't know if my son's friend would feel embarrassed.   Before leaving the shopping center, I checked  the menus of other restaurants, and the prices were not out of line, so I don't think the pricing was due to high rent.   On past visits to other Johnny Rocket's we were able to select the music at the jukebox, but you can't at this one.  The bottom line....there are better options.
5	I've been going to Johnny Rockets for years.  They were my favorite burger place in Cali and they are still my favorite burger place here in Vegas.  The Original is my usual and I cannot help but to stick to it.  I recently purchased a Groupon from them and we decided to go to the one at the Fashion Show Mall.  I got my usual and my hubby got their Philly cheesesteak.  He loved it!  And the location of this JR is cool because I love to people watch.  Fashion Show has all kinds of people from all over. Definitely makes for a fun day out.
4	One of my favorite, if not my very favorite JR locations.I like this location's menu more than other locations; this is one of the few I know of where you can order a burger and it comes with a side of fries, and also one of the few locations that lets you choose how the meat of your burger is cooked (e.g., medium well, well done, etc). Their malts are always made perfectly.The only downside to this location is occasionally they have employees who do not provide the best customer service. There are two or three of their many employees who don't always come to your table as often as you'd like, or ones who don't engage with you like a server should. Otherwise, this is a fantastic place for lunch!!
2	Food was okay it earned the 2 stars. The wait staff is horrible. Had to ask for silverware, had to ask for napkins and I had to walk up my cup for a refill.
1	Overrated hamburgers, thick chewy fries, long wait, unhappy workers. You might as well go to Chipotle which is next door.
3	After a long day of shopping. Me and my wife decided since we were starving and this was the first place we saw we would go ahead and just eat here get it over with.We both had a squealer burger with fries and some milkshake. The food was decent but maybe one of the most expensive hamburger I have ever eaten at 14.99. I would definitely not go out of my way to eat here unless it happen to be the only place around to eat.
2	Johnny rocketsThe sitting wait wasnt that bad, but the girl ( jennifer) at the entrance totally ignore me and took care of another couple in front. My waitress looks like she does not want to work here or is the end of her shift. The lemonade that I order nothing special.    10 minutes to get my food and the waitress just left it in my table with out asking me if everything was alright. The hamburger wasnt my taste. I wouldn't recommend this place.
2	I've been to this restaurant twice. The first time was ok. Food wasn't too good and my order was wrong but I didn't complain because I was ready to get out. When I went back recently, the wait time to be seated took  forever. The hostess told me a 5 to 10 minute wait and told everyone that signed up that. All of a sudden it was a 10 to 12 minute wait. Then it was 20. Anyway, we waited because we didn't feel like going anywhere else. By the way, we ended up waiting for 40 minutes. The whole time, 2 tables were not being used. Several people were getting angry because they were waiting longer than us but some people got seated first. The hostess/waiters failed to call the name out properly so some people that were seated or standing nearby couldn't hear. They made no attempt to be loud or ask anyone nearby if they were waiting for a table. The waitress we had was great and accommodating and the burger I ordered was great. The fries were nothing special. I'm assuming they were frozen. Anyway, I won't be coming back here in the future.
1	Slooooooow, and they are very very unorganized. Avoid like the black plague!!! You have been warned.
1	Food was slow & not very tasty. The peppermint shake advertised tasted nothing like peppermint & cost $7.95!! I expected a thick, creamy, heavily flavored peppermint shake. Nope. Thin, lumpy vanilla flavored. Not worth it at all! Plus it wasn't ready by the time our food was at the table but weren't told it was still coming.  We just assumed they forgot to make it & looked for the waitress to ask.  She hadn't brought my friend's ice tea either. When she finally came over she had forgotten the tea but the shake was still being made.  When my friend said at this point just cancel it she immediately brought the tea.  We had a $12 Groupon & they had to remove the nice military discount on order to use a groupon. Food too expensive for its lack of taste & quality.  My first & last time to Johnny Rockets.
2	Gee. I had been wanting to try this place forever!  My boyfriend and I are on a hunt for our favorite burgers, so we are in the process of trying every burger place in Vegas.This one was so disappointing.I have never had staff members make me feel awkward until we ate here.  From the strange hostess to our extremely awkward/rude server, the vibes were just uncomfortable.  I ordered the smoke house single burger with the barbecue ranch on the side and cheese fries.  My boyfriend ordered the Houston burger with an egg and grilled onions, also with cheese fries.My burger was served with regular fries and no sauce. We told the person that brought our food that we both ordered cheese fries, so she fixed that.  Later when our server came by we asked her for the sauce I had ordered on the side.  She was like "oh you still want that?" Lol yes I ordered it on the side".. After that she dropped our check and never came back.  Even when we were completely come eating we could not find her.  We tried to flag down another waitress but that failed.  We got ahold of the hostess and asked to pay.  She said our server had to cash us out, so we told her we haven't seen her in at least 10 minutes.  Finally she came out from hiding with an attitude and cashed us out and put the check back on the table.  "Thanks."  Yeah, pretty rude and unprofessional.  It was one of the rare moments where I considered not leaving a tip, but being in this industry doesn't allow you to do that without a guilty conscious. Aside from the terrible service the food was decent.  The sourdough onion rings on my burger were different, in a good way.  Even with cheese, the fries were bland.  But dipping them in the barbecue ranch made them edible.  We were too full to try a milkshake.  I won't be returning to this location but hopefully we can try a shake at another location sometime.Food is pretty pricey, $30 for two burgers.  They come with fries ($1 more for cheese fries).  Good thing we had a groupon.
4	I had a Groupon and was pleased with staff and food. The waitress was pleasant and we enjoyed the afternoon. When the busboy noticed that I looked like I needed something he immediately came over and offered to help.
3	My family and I come here every once in a blue moon when we are at the mall and want burger. It's also not as far down into the mall from the shops we frequent. It's not a memorable experience. Just a place to get an okay burger, yummy fries and a milkshake.
1	Horrible service and food! Had a Groupon and was excited since we like Johnny Rockets.  No one moves with a purpose there. After waiting to be seated which took forever decided to go to the kids area right next door because it took so long. After the kids played went back and was seated. Ordered a $15 Squealer and a kids hamburger combo. When the food finally came out the Squealer was the same size as the kids burger and just as over cooked. Sent back the squealer and all they did was stack another patty in the burger and added a tomato. Really! At least remake the whole burger. Was completely unsatisfied with the whole experience but on a positive note the location is ideal since it is in the mall.
3	Husband and I checked this place out while in Vegas... I am really picky about chilli cheese fries and theirs were pretty darn yummy! Kind of expensive but still good... I think the only thing that bothered me was the proximity to a kids play area. And since the restaurant isn't enclosed, the screaming kids got on my nerves a little bit
1	Both me and my wife got food poisoning from this place. It was the only meal we had in common all day.
3	While a nice diner concept, a throwback to the 60s or whatever, wasn't really impressed with the service/attitude.  Just here to get a takeout chocolate milkshake, which was way too sweet, you'll taste more than the chocolate.  Located ground level of the mall.
2	Food wasn't good. It had overcooked hamburgers and undercooked fries. Server was sweet but not very good. Only plus was milkshakes above avg and food came quickly.
3	I've always liked JR'S  but I was very disappointed with the onion rings this time around. They are from frozen and were very hard and lacked the fresh onion flavor.  My patty melt was very good, the bread was grilled to cunchy perfection with good fresh burger and nicely grilled onion.The sad thing is that I'm so full I could easily done without the rings in the first place! Oh well. ..next time I'll know  better and JR's will get more stars.
1	Terrible location right next to a children's play area, inattentive staff, slow service. The burgers and sloppy and fall apart after one bite. The waitress completely screwed up my order. The only redeeming thing was the milk shake. Sort of. It was poorly blended, more or less ice cream with milk poured over it. I wouldn't ever recommend coming here.
3	Okay their food is what you expect and their service is so so but you can't complain when your using a Groupon haha. I would like to think though you paid half the price they shouldn't provide you with half the service. This location tends to get busy as prices are relatively cheaper than most of the other eateries within the mall but it's located next to the kids play area so it gets pretty loud and  crazy. I recommend their chicken tenders with fries and a milkshake for sure...
3	Sonia and a trainee seemed so clueless when I asked questions about the menu. Sonia also gave attitude while I was ordering. Service is lacking.. As for the food, it was the best I've had and I do visit often. Probably gonna skip this location next time
