5	There is SO much more to this UGG store than sheepskin shoes, which I believe shouldn't be worn in public anyway. First of all, it's a big store and it's so stunningly decorated and merchandised. Second of all, UGG is going the fashion-y way and this store is carrying some really cute and stylish wedge boots and Boho-like riding boots. And the handbags are to-die-for, with super supple leather and so wonderfully lightweight! They're also carrying men's boots and outwear, women's apparel and outwear and kids' stuff, too. So the whole family is covered at UGG. You really have to check it out. It's the first Las Vegas location and the tenth concept store in the U.S.
2	OK, I love UGG's in general, own 4 pairs of boots, clogs, slippers, etc.  So when I went into this store, I was fully prepared to buy something, but, wait a minute.  The saleswoman was very RUDE, I was browsing the store, found a pair of shoes for my sweetie, told her I was going to get my husband outside, would be right back.  Guess what she said, "Oh, is he the money maker???  I said NO, just wanted him to try on some shoes... I was speechless that she would say such a tacky thing in the year 2011, really...  I will never shop at this store, and hope if the management ever reads this review they will give a sensitivity training seminar to their staff.  I was in the store on Sunday, Feb. 20th around 3PM, and did not return. Sad that this attitude still exists in our modern world.
5	Excellent customer service.The sales associate that assisted me was one of the best sales associates.  She wasn't just trying to make a sale, she made sure I walked out of the store with shoes I like and that fit perfectly.  I almost had a pair that were a size too big, but when asking me about comfort, she noticed that they seemed a tad too big.  So rather than buying one pair, I ended up with two.  Two days before I was at a Nordstrom's getting ready to buy a pair of boots and the guy knew absolutely nothing about the shoes.  I'm just glad I waited.
4	Got boots that I've been wanting on sale for about 100 off
5	Some of the best customer service I have ever received! I saw a pair of shoes on sale and went back a few days later to get them. Both times I was in the store everyone was very nice and helpful. When I tried on the shoes they brought us bottles of water and the shoes I needed in a different size than they had in stock so they got right on the computer and had them shipped right to my house. They were there when I got home 2 days later. No hassle, no extra cost, quick and easy! This was my first time shopping at an UGG store and I was very impressed.
5	My fiance hates Uggs, but I love them. He hates the "Han Solo" look of the skinny pants tucked into the boots, but I don't really care. When I found out the Ugg Australia was doing a capsule collection with Pendleton (another favorite!) I had to get a pair. Unfortunately by the time I made it online, the style I wanted was completely sold out... tried my neighborhood South Coast Plaza store, but they did not receive any stock. So Las Vegas it is!I did not physically visit this location, so my review is based solely on the over-the-phone service that I received. I called and was greeted by Karla, and she was able to help me find exactly what I wanted and have it shipped over. She was extremely professional, friendly, and made the transaction quite pleasant. Service was an A+.Thank you for fulfilling my grossly materialistic, yet warmly rewarding holiday dream gift to myself!
