4	Found out that this cute paper store just opened up near my workplace. I've been to some of their stores in other states and have always found them to be stocked with great gift and card selections. Same thing is to be said about this Paper Source inside Tivoli Village. Although this store doesn't seem to have as much merchandise as other craft stores I've been to, the items in the store seem to be well curated and interesting. They also sell arts & craft supplies, invites and gorgeous gift wrap. The sales ladies are genuinely nice and seem to enjoy working there. Who wouldn't? I have a blast just browsing through their stuff. I particularly enjoy their snarky/joke gift items, perfect gifts for people who seem to have everything.
4	This store certainly indulges my out of control paper collecting hobby, because really, I say I scrapbook but I really just hoard paper. The wrapping paper is gorgeous and they have all kinds of customisable printed material. The stationary is cute and they have all kinds of owl and cat themed things. There is washi tape, stamps, and cute little bric a brac everywhere.
4	If I didn't have any self control I would spend a ridiculous amount of money here. I first heard about this store from a friend who works at the town square location. Ty and I were enjoying crepes when we spotted this location in Tivoli Village. They have an array of little nic nacs, trinkets and gift ideas. Some really cute house decor and other funny little things. Prices seem a tad outrageous, but people like me impulse buy. Ha ha. What is really unique is that they focus on do-it-yourself greeting cards. Everything you could want to make your own. I am hoping to get the chance this Christmas to try it out. Maybe even do something birthday invitations. I haven't looked into those prices yet... :0. They also have a small section of gift bags, wrapping paper, etc. for grabbing a quick gift. The next time I'm looking for a small gift or needing some one of a kind cards, you know where I'll be.
4	This store....this store. Hmm. What can I say...Quite frankly, this store will be the death of me...or rather the death of my wallet hahaha xD Tables and shelves of Calendars, planners, quirky knickknacks, beautiful stationary and quirky cards...what's not to love? What makes Paper Source stand out from other crafts and stationary stores like Michaels and Papyrus is their ability to take something so simple as stationary and knickknacks and make their products somehow seem: personal/personally tailored to the recipient/customer. Walking through the store I couldn't help but be reminded of someone/see a variety of cute gift ideas that go the extra mile in showing the person how well you know them and their little whimsical quirks.I've been to this location as well as the town square location and I do have to say that although the tivoli village/rampart location is essentially bigger, I found that the town square location had more selections with cards. :) They also offer classes on select days for various crafts and custom stationary techniques so I may have to check that out.
5	I love this store and I'm so happy they opened up in town.  I'd been to their store in Boston many years ago and had been pining for a local store ever since.  They have a wonderful selection of cards, paper, paper crafts, cute knick knacks, calendars.  Really friendly staff.  FIVE STARS.
5	I love everything about this store, the employees are friendly and I love the card selection.
