4	Some Walgreens have Take Care clinics inside that are good for quick care/ urgent care needs that are minor like illnesses or small injury and also do quick check-ups, vaccines, etc. It is not a full on urgent care facility that would be able to do things that require labs, tests like ekgs, etc. but good for things like the flu. These are inside Walgreens, but these are not Walgreens employees and are a independent party from them that is just leasing these spaces by a partnership. If you haven't been, you can set up appointments online, or it's first come first serve. You can check online for approximate wait on various locations, services they provide, insurances they cover. There are 2 observation rooms, but I generally find there is only one practitioner there at a time than both in. You sign in on a touch screen and then once you put your basic info it lets you know how many are ahead of you and you can sit down. It depends on who you get, one guy was really wonderful, one guy alright and I've seen him twice, one lady was okay but very slow. I feel they do not rush the appointment and I've been able to ask questions and have them answered. That does reflect on the wait though as they are spending the time with the patient. I find on the average I wait 20-60 minutes to be seen when coming first come, first serve. It's not the speediest, it's not the worse. I have had good luck with this being not being too busy, maybe 1-2 people ahead. I have never tried to make a appointment so I don't know how well they get to you at the time you reserved, but will try to see if I can advance notice my visit next time to see if it makes a difference. For someone who does not have insurance though, this place is worth going to. I recently had to visit the clinic and the cost of my visit is $89 ($79 is the basic visit) and when I went to a SMA urgent care I paid $250ish for just the visit for the exact same problem/diagnosis. The amount of time and observation to the problem was about the same so I did not get more by paying more. It's a no brainer! I am going to be heading here first before going elsewhere. It's convenient to just  transfer to the Walgreens prescriptions from your visit, the doctor will forward it for you. They're pretty fast with filling scripts at this one, I've had no problems before. If you do not have insurance, fill your prescription at WalMart! They will give you a prescription to physically give them since WM doesn't do digital scripts so you do have the extra step to drop off. Not my favorite place, but significantly cheaper (half the price) between my first fill here and my second refill at Wally. If you have some sniffles or a little ouchy boo, boo, let Take Care Clinic take care of you.
4	A pretty good place to go when you need a physical, the flu shot, or a minor illness treated. Prices are better than the urgent care centers in town, and can generally get you taken care of. It it's something they CAN'T take care of, say, that flu you thought you had turned out to be pneumonia, they won't charge you. They'll give you a list of local urgent care centers and emergency rooms that are more equipped to treat you and send you on your way. It's usually fairly fast and the staff is friendly. Unlike most doctor's Ive had, the people here actually listen to you and seem to care about how you're doing.
4	I like the Take Care clinic here for when you know what's wrong and need it fixed ASAP like a sinus infection, UTI, Strep throat, etc. It is a lot like Quick Care, but much faster, nicer nurse practitioners, cheaper, and cleaner. You can even look on their website to check the wait time before heading over. You can make an appointment too, but they fill up quickly because they are so few appointments each day. It is very much aimed at the walk-in crowd. It is also nice if you need a prescription since you are already at Walgreens, so it is once less stop for you on your way home. Super nice when you or your kid is sick.
