5	While this store is small, it definitely leaves an impression! Very clean tanks, clean facility and well lit. Nice appearance on the outside of the building. Everything is well maintained, including everything in the tanks. Products that are stocked include frozen foods, micro dry foods, reef stew, most chemicals and I think live sand and rock. The stuff that is stocked are ALL quality products that are used in the store and the owner has experience using. That, to me, makes a good LFS. Gives you the feeling that this guy doesn't just stock stuff to make money. He has only the stuff a good hobbiest would want/need. None of the junk that the other stores stock and sell for $$$$. The owner and operator is a great guy, very helpful and always has suggestions or helpful ideas. He gives you the feeling that he would do anything to help, give you the shirt off of his back. Very knowledgable about the live stock and corals he sells. Another great thing (to me) is a lot of the fish are bred local and he is a huge advocate of fragging coral and getting that local, instead of just ordering and ocean harvesting. This store also has a very wide variety of specialty livestock. Not just the typical fire fire, clowns, and 6 line wrasse. Sure they have that stuff but they also have awesome corals, a wide variety of Inverts you don't see everywhere and some really cool designer fish! I am always surprised at the prices too! He is usually 10-20% lower in price than all the other guys. All in all, I like this local fish store and I look forward to shopping here for years to come!
5	After shopping all over town and visiting every single shop in the phx area I stumbled into this little gem.   Store was clean and only stocked with desirable items and lacked the items that just arent used by the majority, but I am sure could be ordered if needed.    This planning I found easy to make my purchases in a quicker manner since I dont always have the time to sort through typical store junk, there just isnt any here! Only quality sought after items.  Management is second to none and the business is family owned and operated.   When you walk in your greeted and after a few visits by name even.  This is a huge plus and isnt found anywhere else in town that I have seen.   There is a prefered customer program and most livestock is local grown and special items are taken in a wish list and you can get called once available.    After my month long search for the perfect store to set up my custom order that could also fulfill my stocking needs I couldnt get my order in fast enough for a complete custom setup installed and delivered.   Pricing was fantastic and cheaper than anywhere in town and the ability to come in anytime and get advice no matter what the need is makes this shop feel like home when you walk in.   If your looking for a one stop shop that is friendly, knowledgeable, and isnt out to empty your wallet in a bad way this is your place.   Thanks again Reef Monsters for the help in sorting out what was an overwhelming amount of information into a custom tailoring to what I could handle and needed to continue in this hobby.
5	Great fish shop. Very clean. James is great knowledgable guy and very friendly. They have great variety of corals and fishes. All hand picked. Reasonable prices too. Check it out and u won't regret it.
5	Great little store, very clean and has a great selection and very reasonable prices. Plus its in the East Valley.
5	This Store is AWESOME I have Met the Store Owners and they are Very Kind and answered every Question I had with a Breeze. I have been to every Salt Water Store in the state  numerous times to buy and look at livestockand  & hands Down!! this Little store has Proven to show the best Quality in Salt water Fish and Corals. I was very impressed by the cleanliness of the store and the Bright Colors of thier Livestock along with the Prices ! I even asked if some stuff was mispriced because I couldn't see it being that cheap . This store has Won the Spot! I Sha'll be calling this little store home for a while .
5	Best LFS in Town!!! Very friendly  staffs... James & Jorell are very helpful!! Whatever fish you would like to find... They will try their hardest to find you the rare/special fish.... Case in point.. They got me a Black Tang.  I have been looking for so long... Thanks guys!!!
5	Cool local reef store in a warehouse. Cool staff with a variety of selections. Prices are on par with the industry.
5	Stopped in to ReefMonsters today and Chris helped us out. Great store! Great fracs! Nice healthy fish! Fed everything we asked to see. Purchased a pair of Mocha clowns and a rose anemone. Very pleased!!Will definitely return.  Chris was very knowledgeable and took time to talk to us about what we were looking at.
2	The good owner left and now owns club reef. The last time I was in here, the new owner had his half naked (literally) girlfriend walking around the store attempting to help people. She was desperately trying to figure out how a basic saltwater test worked. She was nice but I think the damsels in the displays had a higher IQ. Not the kind of person I want helping me with the health of my animals. Moreover, we stood around for 30 minutes, in line behind many people who all seemed confused about who worked there, who could help them or what the hold up was.I really liked this store (when the precious owner was involved) but I wish them the best. A side note: fish stores tend to be family friendly. I would put the T and A away, considering there are children coming here with the parents. It's not necessary and it makes people question if you know what you're doing.
