2	Let me start out by saying that I was ecstatic to see an ice cream parlor opening in the Aliante area.  We've been waiting a few years for something to open, but unfortunately this place leaves much to be desired.The place is brand new, but is really dingy inside.  I was surprised at the odd layout and strange fluorescent lighting.  The ice cream flavors are pretty straightforward, but there are a few that leave you wondering.  "Medieval Madness" was an option, yet had no description.  When I asked the employee, he huffed "It's like a Three Musketeers."  Oh, ok.  Should I have known?  The employees didn't seem helpful or like they wanted to be there at all.  The place is much to new to have people disgruntled already, ha.  I will say, however, that there are tons of menu options and a large variety of flavors.For me, Thrifty didn't live up to the "hype."  I would have been just as satisfied (yet richer!) grabbing a pint of ice cream at the grocery store.  Guess I'll stick to the further away Baskin Robbins when I need the good stuff!
3	To my amazement  we have something new in our neck of the woods. An ice cream parlor! Where you can take kids to get ice cream with unique flavors. Where can you find a flavor called birthday cake. We walk in with several people in line already. Service was fast and the two staff they have got everybody in and out of there in no time
3	Good solid ice cream. Definitely not a premium product, but good never the less.Very affordable. The wife asked for some ice cream so I decided to get all nostalgic.She wasn't impressed, but the ice cream brought back a bunch of good childhood memories. The name of this business is SCOOPS. I was about ready to drive away when at the last moment I caught sight of the THRIFTY sign inside the parlor.
3	Being a native of Las Vegas, Thrifty's used to be around town growing up.  There was one on Jones near Spring Mountain for years.  You could get ice cream scoops for 15, 25, or 35 cents.  This new location is ok overall, but not memorable.  I may go again one day, but much prefer other businesses.
4	Must have flavor: Cherry Amoretto! I can't try another flavor because it's that good. The only downside to this place is speed of service. It's a quaint, little place that reaches maximum capacity quickly. Don't be surprised if you see a line out the door. But hey, if the only "downside" is the fact that so many people go because it's good, consider it worth the wait.
2	When SCOOPS (the real name of this place) popped up in my neck of the woods, I noticed it for a couple reasons: 1) because I remembered people on Yelp reminiscing about Thrifty's and 2) I live in the restaurant-barren wasteland of North Las Vegas.  Any new business here should be celebrated with a 3-hour long parade.Anyway, I've given this place more than enough chances to wow me and I just really don't get the hype.  Sorry.The ice cream tastes like it was made with really cheap ingredients.  It almost has a chalky taste and seems to me like it's been sitting in storage at a warehouse for a few months before being shipped here.  Yes, there are a lot of flavors.  Yes, they are more affordable compared to other ice cream places.  Yes, it comes served in an interesting scoop-shape.  But it also doesn't taste good.I'd rather save my money for the next time I'm near Luv-It Frozen Custard.  In the meantime, I'll pick up some Ben and Jerry's at Smiths next door.
5	First of all, I don't understand why some yelpers gave these guys 2 and 3 stars when its just all about ice cream. Like my wife said. Its just not any ice cream, its Thrifty's Ice Cream! Let me explain. Having lived in Orange County in Southern Cali, for about 10 years, Thrifty's Ice Cream can be found at any Rite Aid store which was just about on every street corner. Me and the fam would usually go to the nearest one especially just after a good lunch or dinner. This was our go to place for instant gratification when it came to dessert or just craving it in general. So after finding out these guys were here, the kids went crazy! As for me, I have never been one to indulge on dessert or anything sweet but for these guys I don't mind having a scoop.They have so many different flavors that I can honestly say I havnt tried all of them yet. I get either Chocolate Malted Crunch, Black Cherry, or Cookie Dough. For one scoop runs you about 1.19 which is real good compared to Baskin Robbins. I think they charge you around 3 bucks just for one scoop. The couple times we have been here, service has never been an issue. We are in and out just like that. Whoever is behind the counter has always greeted us nicely and got the stuff we wanted. The patented ice cream scoopers they use does the job well of getting you a perfect shape. I have always asked if it was something we can buy, but were told that it was a proprietary thing meaning only they have access to it for the ice cream and it was not for sale.So for those that havnt tried it yet, come see what its all about. For those that have tried it and don't like it, why not? It's hard to mess up ice cream. Like I said, even I am not into sweets but for these guys I will make an exception.
1	What kind of ice cream shoppe doesn't serve free ice water?  Scoops!!!  Water is a must when you're eating ice cream.  We had to go next door to Subway to get free water.   I'll go buy some Ben & Jerry's at Smith's next time I want some GOOD ice cream.   Scoops-Thrifty you won't be getting another dollar from me.
5	Some Yelpers are rating this place low for reasons other than the ice cream. I did not grow up on Thrifty Ice Cream so I can't empathize with those who bash on their atmosphere & ambiance. Sorry if it's not like your childhood favorite but as a new avid fan of it, I love this place.By far, SCOOPS is my favorite place to get ice cream. I love Cotton Candy, Green Tea, Circus Animal, Rainbow Sorbet & Birthday Cake. I could seriously have their ice cream every chance I get.All in all, I come solely for their ice cream. Crowded or not, I will patiently wait. Sometimes I'l sit inside or at their outside patio but usually I'm just in and out. Servers were never an issue, they're actually quite nice.
4	Delicious ice cream!! Every single flavor I have tasted is delicious. My nieces love their Rainbow Sherbet and I die for their chocolate malt crunch!! Worth a nice bike ride there!
5	Can't believe some people are giving it 1 star just because they don't offer free water. Seriously, get a life. Some people aren't happy unless they have something to complain about.  So far my favorite is cookies and cream, but vanilla definitely comes in a close second. For anyone who grew up on blue bell, thrifty's vanilla is the closest I've found to blue bell's old fashioned vanilla. Definitely has the consistency of homemade, which is one thing I love about it.
5	I loveThrifty Ice Cream so naturally I love Scoops :) Great nostalgic ice cream with over 30+ flavors to choose from. My favorites are...Chocolate Malted Crunch, Strawberry Cheesecake, Butter Pecan and Chocolate.  This is my second time at this location, I usually go to the one on Durango. The layout & decor are the same only this location is a little bigger. There are about 5 or 6 tables inside and several tables outside. The store is pretty clean and the girl who waited on us was fast and totally focused on her job.
4	Would have gave it 5 stars, but the customer service was horrible!!! The ice cream is bomb.com!!!
1	Place is always out of cotton candy ice cream! It's always a crying kid! It's the number one flavor they get 15 5 gallon containers every Thursday and by Monday are sold out! Get more if you sell that much! Place has no biz can't afford to give up sales
5	THRIFTY ICE CREAM....enough said! I seriously buy it by the quart and take it home. Service is generally pretty good! Its a great place to take the kids as a "reward", the prices are so reasonable.
1	I understand that high school kids work this shop but can anyone teach the Asian kid some customer service? Will not be returning to this shop.
5	I love Thrifty ice cream! Nothing beats that nostalgic big scoop of ice cream!  Staff is always friendly.  Plenty of seating outside. With a ton of flavors, everyone is happy!
