4	after trying a couple groomers in Pittsburgh, we found Animal Elegance. They always took good care of our poodle. Clean poodle feet and an even cut. You should try them too.
5	i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also, they are recommended by one of my favorite pet shops in Pittsburgh, Smiley's Pet Pad. I wholeheartedly trust Animal Elegance to take proper care of my little furry friends.
4	Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.I was very happy with my services and I will return.  My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
4	I just moved to Pittsburgh and I  took the word of other reviewers when making my decision to give Animal Elegance a try. My two standard poodles looked GREAT and seemed very happy after our visit! I would have given Amy and her crew five stars but the price was a good deal more than I am used to paying. I had hoped to come back every two to three weeks but it is just too expenseive for that. I may have to find another groomer for touch ups in between visits to Animal Elegance.I feel like this is similar to a "special occasion" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers....
5	I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog "Gaffney". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price.
1	I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted, as well as speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog. The owner groomed my dog, not the woman that I spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when I picked her up. The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service. Do not take your dog there to be groomed!
1	They made my Portuguese Water Dog look horrible. They actually sheared all the fur from my dog claiming that it was matted and therefore they had no choice. This isn't true as I personally brush my dog every morning. When I complained, the owner said: "But we did tell you that we will cut the dog's fur short."  Yes, they did, and I thought that considering that the days are hot in August, they are proposing a little cooler grooming. I never expected them to just shear the dog to the skin. I think they did it because they are hopelessly irresponsible. Although they charged $70 for this brutally simple operation they have not even trimmed dog's ears and tail. Consequently, the dog has disproportionally long hair on its tail and the ears. I used Animal Elegance for more than a decade. Long before current management took over. Over all these years I sometimes took in stride their accessional compromise of standards and always paid their exorbitant prices without complaint. However, this fragrant negligence, combined with their total disregard of the fact that I was an old and loyal customer did it. I will avoid this place from now on and would like to suggest that you do the same.
4	My Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!
5	This place is the best! We won't take our dog anywhere else for grooming. It's a very mom & pop type of place. They genuinely cared for our puppy, not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!
4	This is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed. The surrounding area looks a little "sad", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh. Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
