4	My boyfriend had seen Dead Poet passing by on the street months ago, but always thought it looked skeevy. But if there's anything I've learned so far about Vegas is that any old skeevy strip mall can contain sweet gems. And so is the case for Dead Poet Books. I convinced him to check it out with me one day while we were on our way to Borders. And the second I stepped in, I knew I was in love. As with many used bookstores, the selection of fiction was only ok, but that's my only beef with the place. They have a great selection of non-fiction, including a lot of random old books. I found a beautiful hardcover version of a Teddy Roosevelt book for my dad, and plenty of really cheap paperbacks.  It was the kind of place that after 20 minutes, you have an armful of books to sift through, and you didn't even walk in looking for a specific book. They also have plenty of comfy chairs and couches, which for me, is KEY to a good used bookstore. And the people running the place really were quite friendly and chatty.
4	One of my favorite used bookstore. The space is a little too large for the amount of stuff they stock, but the ambiance is very laid back. The store owner is good-naturedly proprietary about her books, and the staff is refreshingly unobtrusive. They stock a limited amount of cheap vintage records and some eclectic tarot decks (all of which are sealed and unused). Cool art and design books, as well as an expansive occult, sci-fi, and history section. They have a separate bookshelf toward the front of the store full of first editions, signed and rare books; however, most of them are overpriced - I recommend Academy Fine Books if rare is what you're looking for. My only complaint is that some of the books are superficially evaluated by the buying staff; consequently, on more than one occasion I have read the first two chapters of a book and had the binding completely disintegrate. Overall, a cool place to spend an afternoon shopping for some unusual finds.
5	WARNING: do not spend more then 15 mins here!i was there for like ten mins and had 4 books in my hand. and i only looked through one shelf!they have GREAT books here. i love it! it kinda reminds me of the book store in "you've got mail" that meg ryan's character owned. minus the kids and a little bit grungy-er.there's stack and stacks of books i could seriously spend all day in here. they have ALL sorts of sections. all the books are in GREAT condition.  for a very good price!all four of my books were under $5this place is AMAZING!
4	I stopped in after seeing a review here by Carly A. I was a bit disappointed with the selection but the atmosphere was good. Selection may flucutate a great deal as they had plenty of shelf space. Very nice vibes and staff. I may hold a workshop here.....
3	This place is alright. Pros: cool ambiance, decoration, and musicinteresting people working theresome good books, some strange/quirky findsCons: LOTS of empty shelf spacelimited selectioncloses at six (kind of early for a book store)a bit expensive for used books, especially those that are easily found
4	Pros:LOTS of interesting finds.Great deals.Extensive vinyl selection.Close to CSN.Cons:Not so extensive CD and DVD selection.Creepy decor(especially that shelf of dolls in the back *shudder*)During my first year at CSN I would browse here all the time after school. Granted I rarely ever bought anything(poor college student), but it sure was a great way to kill time when you missed the poorly scheduled Rainbow bus(grrrr).
5	I visited this store because of the great reviews. They had knowledgable staff. Also they had good selection. Definitely visit this book store if you are in vegas.
1	You all have to be kidding me! I am in town for business, went by all of your reviews and when I walked in, it was nothing but disappointment.  A very very small collection of books in the entire store. Geesh.  They need some stock. So many empty shelves.
3	I used to live in San Francisco the birthplace of modern satanism and Dead Poets had the largest selection of Aleister Crowley books I have ever seen.  Either his spawn live in town, died, and the estate gave the books to Dead Poets or there are some seriously creepy people who hang out there.  They also had the pantheon of L Ron Hubbard. This might be the place to play bloody mary in the mirror to test your resolve, but be warned don't feed them after midnight.
4	It looks like part antique shop, grandmas closet and part some place that someone would do psychic readings in with the different cushy chairs and antiques about. I like that they keep the books organized by general genre and most shelves are alphabetized. I was ooing at the rare books and old books- there's something romantic and beautiful about old leather, gold gilded books...I have a few, but it gets rather pricey to own.I browsed through cookbooks and one caught my eye. The Cooks Book:Techniques and Tips from the World's Master Chefs. It's a pretty pricey book new so finding a used one was a must buy. I'll probably come in sometime again to browse through again...there wasn't enough time to carefully look at all they have!
4	This is my favorite bookstore in Las Vegas.  It has a large, well-organized selection of books in many different genres, and most of them are durable hardbacks.  This includes a small, pricey collection of first editions.  You never know what you'll find here.I stop in whenever I'm in the area.  It's an enjoyable way to pass time, and the lady who owns the place is really nice.
4	What a cool little bookstore.I really like how the place is set up.  It just looks "right" in ways that I can't describe.  It looks almost mysterious, which for a bookstore, I like that feeling.Great selection of books.  I like places like this because browsing pays off.  You never know what you are going to find on any given visit or day.  It really is a journey into the unknown.If you like old books, or not knowing what to expect with the experience of discovering something new, this is a great place to visit.But yes, the potential damage it could do to your bank account in terms of buying stuff could be a little frightening.
4	I was drawn to this place while looking for BFG chicken strips and I saw big red letters that read "BOOKS."  Since earlier I was thinking of stopping into Barnes & Nobles to check out some new books, I thought, why not give this place a shot.  Walking in, I felt like I was in a psychic shop filled with books.  Everything seemed so fragile and carefully organized.  Sections were labeled at the top of the shelf by categories. There was a section of extremely old books which I felt compelled to look at but didn't pick any up.  I saw a section of vintage National Geographic magazines, which I have become a collector of, but I didn't catch the prices they were selling them for --but I'll have to definitely come back to check them out. I just came in for a slight browse, but, instead was sucked into buying a meditation book that kept me in the store for 10 minutes, just breezing through the first chapter.  I also found another great book that I had to get since it coordinated with a current book I've been reading also.  Overall, this place is a great place to find old books of wisdom, literature or anything of that matter.  They also have an area where they teach Spanish lessons (located in the back) and areas to sit if you want to skim through some books.  This place made my day really, and to top it off I went to BFG chicken strips (only a few stores away from it) and my day was complete with happy taste buds.
4	I have been to Dead Poet's countless times in the past few years.  I peruse their paperbacks at least on a monthly basis.  Sometimes they have what I am looking for, often times I find a gem I wasn't expecting.  The bookstore itself is a wonderful place; the book smell, seating areas scattered throughout the store, and an overwhelming amount of books.  Their selection on most subjects is vast, unfortunately their history section has been lacking of late.The only reason I rate this wonderful bookstore at 4 stars is because the staff is terrible.  Sure they'll point you in the right direction but anything more seems as though it is a chore for them.  I asked them about their trade-in policy once and the man behind the counter was so beyond frustrated with the question I just walked out.  I still frequent Dead Poet's but only because of their reasonable prices and good selection.
4	Really cute used book store, with lots of random antiques scattered about. Stacks of books were placed randomly on the floor and in boxes around the bookshelves, but the actual shelves were well organized, and the prices were pretty cheap.Will definitely be back.
4	I absolutely love this bookstore. The moment you enter, you are greeted with the old book aroma which adds the antiqueness of this wonderful bookstore. I found an old book I had been looking for the vinyl soundtrack of-The Graduate. I had never heard of this store until I read about it in the newspaper yesterday-I just HAD to come check it out immediately. There are a lot of books to see especially behind the counter-wish I could of dig in there to-but seems like the owner still has to check and review to price before adding them into the bookshelves. Hopefully, soon I will stop by again and hopefully they are set to go! Also, not so many vinyls but there are some and in good price-good selection.
5	This is a neat little gem, with a lot of style, charm, and character. Stopped in one day when I had a half hour to kill before work. On top of the vast collection with a pretty good means of organization, they have a few glass cases of historic collector's items. I saw a newspaper ad of the death of a Kennedy.When I have more time I will stop in. Aside from selling books, some events are held there too. AN interesting mom and pop shop.
5	I am in love with this used book store. I've been going for years, and they have always been consistent with service and atmosphere. It has the romantic, used bookstore feel that I love, and they have everything from vintage books to vinyl records. Plus, they have lots of spaces for you to sit and read, a chess board to have a game, and drums if you feel like playing. I always find great deals here, and the books are in good condition. GO!
4	I saw the BOOKS on the building when driving by and decided to stop. When I saw it was Dead Poets Books, I was intrigued as the owner wrote an interesting story about electronic books versus real books in the local newspaper so had to take a peek.I did like the atmosphere and the owner is very very nice. I like to browse in a bookstore and found the labeling to be very good. However, no one comes to check on the customers or greets you when you come in which is a real turn off for folks. I saw 2-3 people leave as they could not get the attention of the front desk people as they were heavy into a personal conversation. In this economy, that can kill a business to not take an interest in customers.I found several books - one of which I had been looking for and was excited for this great find. I think the shelves could be fuller and the front needs to be organized a bit as there are stacks of books everywhere instead of on shelves. It is worth a trip and they have lots of fun items to look at throughout the store. If youhave the time, I am sure you will find a treasure there. Check it out.
5	Place is a gold mine.  The closer you look the more there is to see.  I went in looking for something unique, and asked the owner if she had any books on a couple of topics.  She quickly found some.  I then asked about one particular author, and she said, "I think I have something signed by him".  As she was preparing the book to sell it to me, I was looking around and to my amazement, I randomly came across another book by the same author, and signed as well!As I was paying, I noticed the coolest box.  It was a pretty big box for storing random stuff, in the disguise of a weathered Huckleberry Finn book.  It was the owner's, but I asked if I could buy it off her.  She gave it to me for $5.Super nice, super helpful, and the store has a lot to like.
5	What's with all of the 4 stars? This bookstore is amazing!I love the decor and atmosphere and the huge selection that they have. Well actually, they could have a way better children's selection but I guess this store doesn't run on profits from children's books.I can't go into this store without spending at least $50.00 and that is holding back. The shopping got so bad at one point I was hiding bags of books from my husband. Their selection is just amazing and I just absolutely love this store.
1	I went here a few years ago. The staff was so rude to me and stand-offish to both my friend and I that I refuse to go back. I've heard that because of the bad economy they have since had to lay off the entire staff. Maybe now that they're desperate, they'll be nicer to potential customers. Either way, I still won't go back.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this book store!This used bookstore has such an incredible feel to it. You can get lost for hours browsing for great finds either on the shelves or the carts/boxes of newcomers waiting to be shelved. Most genres are carried and there is a very large selection of mysteries, sci-fi, romance and westerns. An abundance of other steals come through all the time as well. The owner is one of the sweetest women you will ever meet and unfortunately now runs the store almost single-handed with the help of her family and some close friends. Due to this there is a mass amount of back stock and she's constantly putting out boxes of new books daily. Dead Poet Books is such a great place to browse regularly and snatch up all the great books that are coming in. This place is somewhere you should definitely check out even if you are only an occasional reader. Help out a wonderful family owned business and keep books alive!
5	I love this bookstore! The owner of the bookstore is so, so kind and friendly. Fantastic options to choose from.
2	Poor selection, indifferent staff. Your existence will not be acknowledged by whoever is working. On the lower end of the spectrum for Vegas used book shops. Cool name, though, and great font on the sign outside. That's really the best thing I can say for it.
5	Very nice little spot. For the readers out there, you will definitely enjoy this place. Cozy atmosphere and good selection.
2	I visited this place looking for books I needed for a literature class and their selection really wasn't that great. The service was awful and I felt like the people there just ignored me and they really were after walking around hopelessly for 15 minutes. But the second a woman with her tits hanging out walked in the heavier-set gentleman that worked there walked right past me asked her if she needed help. ???????????????? Probably won't go back here and I'll stick to Amber Unicorn who know how to treat their customers!
3	Neat little local bookstore!  Signage at front counter shows they've been voted Best in LV fairly consistently, nearly every year in the 2000s!Though I didn't find any books I felt compelled to purchase, there was a 25% off hardbacks sale going on, and the distinct sections of the store were clearly labelled and organized. Bonus star for having a furnished area in the back available for reservation for club or group meetings or events! Seems like a lot of local organizations meet here or at least have occasional events here. Great community feeling!
4	This place has a lot less books than Amber Unicorn and smells like a used thrift store.  As expected, their prices seem a little unpredictable as I can't seem to figure out why one book costs $3 while another similar one costs $20. The books are neatly organized and I was able to quickly find what I was looking for. They're having a current sales on hard cover books - all are 25% off. Don't know when this sale ends. Good little place for used books if you're in the area.
5	Good selection of books and they have reasonable prices.   After years of buying new books I'm glad I found this place.  Great way to save $$$.  The staff is nice and helpful.
4	Has a antique book store feel, very organized for a used book store. Everything was in its place, and the staff was friendly enough.  Only have it 4 stars because of the lack of selection. But they do have some amazing treasures, for me it was the 1940 edition Life magazines,  which the owner allowed me to browse thru.
4	Seems I make it in finally only to find out she's going to close! I love books, reading, collecting, holding it in my hand, turning pages. But it's getting harder to find a book store these days! I notice a large selection of books, some hard back but mostly paper backs. I'm currently reading a old series from the early sixties, they are still in print, new at the local B&N but they don't have all of the 29 books in the series. Some I have found in used book stores, some in donation stations and only a limited new ones, I noticed she had a lot of books not yet shelved and was told to check back soon as inventory would be changing.
