1	While the food may be reasonably priced, you get what you pay for. We ordered 4 different entrees, only the egg fu yung was anywhere near good. The sesame chicken was dry and stringy. The chop suey and mongolian chicken looked identical and used the same sauce. The mongolian chicken was just spicier. The gravy for the egg fu yung was the same sauce that was with the chop suey, etc. I guess if you haven't eaten decent chinese food then this stuff might be considered good. But for my taste it was terrible and I would certainly take a pass on this restaurant. Tom's Red Pepper is not too far away from China Kitchen and, while not the best, it is far better than this.
4	As time winds down before I head back to Seoul, I think about some of the things I will miss about Madison, especially certain restaurants. And one of those restaurants is China Kitchen, a fast-food Chinese restaurant on the west side of Madison specializing more on take-out than sit-in dining (but they recently did add 2 more tables for a total of 3). Even with my new diet and exercise routine, this is one of my guilty pleasures that I still cannot shake even after living off Chinese food my entire college career. The reason why? They make pretty decent dishes at more than reasonable prices. My faves are kung pao chicken, general tso's chicken, broccoli beef, and chicken w garlic sauce. I am in no way saying that this place ranks in the upper echelon of great Chinese food (check out Fugu downtown), but if you want decent food that is fast, efficient, and fair, then this is your place.  It's also nice that being a regular customer for more than a year now, the owners and I have developed a sort of routine or understanding of how I like my food. I took some pics for your viewing satisfaction.
4	I don't always eat Chinese take out, but when I do, I choose CHINA KITCHEN.  After trying Chang Jiang, and being completely disappointed in their bland food, I gave China Kitchen a try since it was on my way home from work and I will never look for another place to get some good ol' Americanized Chinese grub.  I can't say I've ordered a lot of things on their menu, so I can only speak from what few items I have had thus far.  I'm a sucker for pork fried rice and these guys really go all out.  I've never seen as much or as big of pieces of pork in fried rice before!  They really load it up, which is rare for fried rice.  I've also enjoyed their General Tso's chicken, which isn't overloaded with thick breading/batter that you can find at some places.  Also comes with broccoli which is nice.  Egg rolls are delicious, and can't really go wrong with crab rangoon.  Even on weekends, I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to pick up an order.  They are always really fast, competitively priced, and the food really is good!
4	I had a great big craving for pork egg foo young and I been sick with a cold so I had them deliver. Not the fastest delivery but was nice and hot even though we live not that close to location. It's not place where there is space to eat, it's mostly for take outs. The few times that we did eat there, they were very kind to my elderly mother at the time. The food is always consistently good. I'm very picky about egg drop soup as simple it may seem. I always order theirs because it's one I enjoy. I have no need for the crunchy noodles that it comes with because it's just that good.
