5	It is so nice to finally see a vapor shop opened near my house, Rhodes Ranch. Their store looks really nice. One of the best looking vape shop out there. Their builder, Mr. Funky Thumb did a great build on my new mod that i just purchased. Their had great selection, and made it really easy for me to get in to mechanical mod. I wish them the best luck of their new shop, and would definetly recommend them to all my friends.
5	Vapology Art of Vapor is a new store located on the south west end of town in a less congested section amid the sea of stores. The moment you walk in you are greeted by a classy scene of earthly tones and warm friendly staff. A wood crafted juice bar stands as an eye catching center piece. They have a good and growing selection of mods, RDA's, tips and other accessories that also include some authentic models. I was impressed with the juice lines they carry and their menus, designed like restaurant menus with additional juice info on their selected lines. I found this informative and that extra step is appreciated. Their builder and co-owner knows an array of different coil configurations which I also found impressive and could break down benefits and flaws of varying types. I found the store to be comfortable and inviting. Their store is worth a visit whether living in their direction or just looking for that next friendly vaping experience. Vapology Art of Vaping should be on the radar for both new and seasoned fans of the cloud.
5	My sister and I visited Vapology days before it actually opened. Not only were they ready to inform but took the time out of opening prep just to fill us in on the world of Vapor!! Great products and selection. When in the Vegas area this is were we will be stocking up on the yummy and tasty :) good luck!!
5	Loving this shop. First time over there and I was surprised with all the ejuice flavors they had. And the shop is literally a mile away from where I live. Hoping to so business again.
5	I found my new go to vape shop!  Great selection of juices and really friendly helpful staff.  And even better.... it super convenient location for me. Yay!
5	Great place and great service!
5	Most comfortable and elegant vapor shop in Las Vegas! These guys have taught me so much about vaping I give them partial credit for me quiting cigarettes.  Thanks you guys! I forgot to mention the eliqcube french roast! I can't thank you guys enough for introducing me to my all day vape, and at an amazing price to boot! Check out vapology ASAP!
5	Great shop!! They have a great setup with a lounge and a vape bar. Danny and Marcus are great people and will tell you everything you need to know for starters and mods. They also give you great deals on items and juices. The best part I like about the shop is the island music lol.
5	I was looking everywhere for a juice called Bettie White by Uncle Junk's which is one of my favorite juices. The vibe in the shop is cool. One of the owners Marcus was super nice. He totally took apart and cleaned by vaporizer tank and put in some of this Japanese cotton and it's hitting like its brand new again. I highly suggest this place if your in the neighborhood.
5	Best Vape Shop in Town Hands Down!I love this shop!If you're looking for top quality juices, great selection in mods, and outstanding customer service this is YOUR new vape spot! Danny and Marcus are very knowledgable, helpful, and friendly staff that will get you what you want but more important what you NEED to have an excellent vape experience. I can NOT recommend this shop enough after trying many different shops finally found the one! Thanks for all you do guys keep it up!
5	In need of quality! Anything vape. This is the spot. Great environment and great service! Once you visit once you will be hooked. Unique Flavors! Does have Vape Bar. To try Liquids!
5	I've been to Vapology several times and a few things always remain constant. 1. Great customer service. Danny and Marcus not only take the time to learn your name but they also take it upon themselves to learn your likes and dislikes to give you a one of a kind shopping experience every time. 2. Vapology has an awesome selection of premium juices. All of their juices are high quality and there are more than enough flavors to meet everyone's flavor needs. 3. Nice selection of mods, atomizers, tanks, and accessories. 4. Danny and Marcus are very knowledgeable about the products they carry. They are always willing and able to answer any questions you may have and always committed to helping you find the right product to fit your needs. 5. Lastly, one thing that is missing in a lot of businesses nowadays but can be found at Vapology is GENUINE staff. Their focus is always on the customers' needs and giving each and every person a quality experience. You will never feel under appreciated or taken advantage of at Vapology. I highly recommend this shop to anyone that's into the vaping scene whether you are a novice or expert vaper.
5	Absolutely awesome shop. Went in just to check it out, taste the juices you know? Then I left with two amazing juices. It just so happen that I went in on a day where some juices were on sale. The guy working behind the counter was very laid back, and answered all my questions. A nice, clean place with chill employees and great juices, a vape-enthusiasts heaven!! I definitely found my main vape shop!
5	One of the best shops out there! The owners are really cool they don't make you feel intimidated if your a newbe! They have the best overall selection of juices! Trust me I've bee to every shop in town!
5	This place is legit! They have a very classy set up. The vapor bar, rebuild station and display case are all nicely done. Everything is kept very clean and the display cases are well organized. It's nice look threw the collection everything is displayed well with company logos so you know what you're looking at. The staff is professional and know there product. It's nice knowing that vaping is hobby of there's and not just a way to profit.These guys came threw for me while I was in a pinch. Left all my gear back in Oklahoma thinking the TSA would take it. They hooked it up with a nice basic starter kit for a nice price. Friendly staff will be returning for sure when I'm back in town.
5	Great service n great juices!! Key-lime cookie, ant's blood, ez-duz it, fruit loops, and unicorn milk just to name a few... So if u need a new flavor, stop by.
5	So, in my quest for a good vape shop in Las Vegas -- one that could convert this die-hard internet shopper to an actual brick and mortar -- I stumbled upon the Yelp reviews for Vapology.  After checking out their website, and seeing some of the premium brands they carried, I decided to stop in and check them out.Impressed is not even a powerful enough word to describe the quality of service that Danny and Marcus offer in their store.  I went in just looking for a few new e-liquids, and was led to the drip (!!) tasting bar by Marcus.  When he saw my coils -- which I'm not yet the most adept at building -- he offered to have them rebuilt, and allowed me to use his dripper (with my drip tip) to sample the different juices.  As we talked and discussed what flavor profiles I was looking for, Marcus was reaching under the counter and pulling out bottles -- to the count of a dozen -- for me to try.  Out of the 12 bottles, there were only two that I wasn't a fan of, one of which was a juice which I had explicitly named as wanting to try.We talked a bit about what I was looking for from my dripper, and while Danny was building my coil - with a steady and slow process that I doubt I could parallel even if I had the attention span to do so, Marcus indicated that, in his opinion, I could get the results I was looking for by drilling out the holes in my Nimbus dripper.  I was a bit hesitant, as I had only had problems with it, but I allowed Marcus to give it a shot.  After my troublesome mod broke one of his drill bits, the second attempt was successful, and he finished just as Danny was getting done with my coil rebuilds.  Danny tested out my dripper before handing it back, and the vapor production was thick and foggy, exactly what I was looking for.  He handed it back to me, and the combination of the perfect coil build and the increased air flow in my dripper was absolutely perfect.  The vapor was thick and warm, without the burning and throat hit that I was experiencing with the Nimbus previously.  After picking out two out of the dozen juices to buy and take home, I told Marcus to charge me a few dollars extra for the work they had done to my dripper, for their  time.  He refused, saying that he would rather that I came back, then proceeded to tell me that if I liked them on Facebook, he would discount one of the bottles of juice 10%; an obvious move to get their name spread on social media, but as a software and web developer, I can appreciate that.  I pulled out my phone, showed him that I tapped the like button, and saved $2.50 off of a bottle of ejuice.As I said in the beginning of the review, the quality and level of service that Danny and Marcus offered was stunning, their juice selection was phenomenal, and the amount of knowledge that they have of their craft is extraordinary. They've managed to gain one internet-shopping skeptic as a customer.
5	OK. Walked in just to get some juice and these guys were so cool, I walked out with a mod. Marcus, Danny,  and Justin are definitely on my cool list. Hooked me up with a FlipV3 and while Justin built it up for me, Marcus and Danny sat and shot the breeze with me. The earned my business in the future.
5	I'm glad I found this place! Awesome shop for beginners all the way to sub-ohmers. Nice mods, authentics and clones. Huge juice selection. Excellent coil builds. Best customer service in town! These guys have gone above and beyond for me numerous times. They have earned my continued business. Stop in and see for yourself. Don't forget to add to the "cheeseburger fund" jar when you receive some great service from a friendly staff!
5	First time to this shop.  Was urged to go by several of my friends and boy was I not disappointed.  Service was immediate and friendly.  Was welcomed with a warm greeting, a smile, and a handshake.  That's the appropriate way to do business in my opinion.  Went in for some new juice and was overwhelmed by the selection of great flavors.  Settled finally on 24/7 and Fruit Loops.  They are both delicious.  I was also having a little issue with my RDA and they of course took it off and fixed it free of charge.  I wanted to pay for their service and they declined again.  I went immediately to the cheeseburger fund and helped out there.  They have earned a new client for as long as I continue to use my mod.  I will be back later this week to purchase my new copper penny mod, dang am I excited.  Great job guys.
5	The store is clean and stylish. Dan and Marcus are technically proficient in all aspects of mods and new flavors. I love this place because of the service and a great location. I highly recommend it!!!!
5	juice selection here is awesome. they got this build station, juice bar, and their wide selection of mods, attys, and stuff. pretty nice store. clean. presentable. A1. keep up the great job guys.
5	Awesome place!!! Staff is more than helpful and friendly! I've been here a few times and would definitely keep coming back. Try their secret weapon, it's my new favorite juice. Thanks guys!
5	So I"ve been a huge fan of the Ruthless juice every since the Las Vegas Vaper's Exhibit and these guys ALWAYS have them in stock!  On top of that they always have them in stock in 3mg nicotine which many shops do not have.  I've practically left my regular vape shop and made Vapology my new one.  Thank you guys for never disappointing me.
5	Amazing place with great deals! Drip bar to find exactly what you like. They take there time and never rush you
5	This place is the bomb! I've been going here for the past two months or so. Danny, (one of the owners) always helps you out with flavors and your personal mod. Whether your a cloud chaser like myself, or just a casual vape enthusiast, this is definitely the place for you. The range of juice available is insane! Every time I stop by they have a new juice that you must try! The showcase is superb and shows a great variety of mods, tanks, attys, and tips. They also have a "JUICE ME UP" card that provides you a free bottle of their house blended juice after so many purchases, (I recommend the "Secret Weapon"). The atmosphere is very nice and not at all intimidating. Great shop for newbies and veteran vapors! Keep up the good work gentlemen!!
5	Dope shop! Clean. Friendly staff. Good prices. Walked in & out in less than 15mins and left a happy camper. Highly recommended this shop for all of your vape needs. Throw out them ciggs! Vapology is the way!
5	Amazing shop I'm impressed more every time! Its like the cheers of Vape shops they know your name
5	Been to this a bunch of times to sample the flavors. Always a great time and great staff.I bought a vape system couple of months ago and they kept the parts for me. When I came back they had everything for me. Marcus was real cool and told me that he knew one day I'd be back and installed everything for me at no charge. Sweet!
5	My home away from home! Seriously, this is the best shop in town. Everyone here (Danny, Marcus, Justin) knows what they're talking about and is super friendly. If you need help with anything, they're always willing to jump in with an idea. The juice selection is phenomenal. Everything from 5 Pawns to Ripe to Suicide Bunny, you name it, they've got it. I'm hooked on one of their two house juices called Secret Weapon. Anyone that asks me where to go for anything vape related, I send them here. Best place in town!
5	Awesome  place to go and hang out.  Everyone  who works there is great people and have awesome customer service. Juice selection is small but sometimes  less is more there juice tops a lot of other ones I have tried. And also they will do modifications to your mods and attys  for you. Great place to try great juices and have a good time doing it. I go to this shop more than I should but hey why not.
5	My boyfriend's old vape has seen better days and I wanted to purchase its replacement as his Christmas present. Unfortunately, I know nothing about vaping.After checking out reviews and scanning through the photos for local vape businesses, I decided that this was the place I wanted to go to and purchase his new vape. It also helped that it was so close to where we lived so he could just drive on over if he had any questions or needed more juice.I walked in and was greeted by all of their team members, with Marcus stepping out to assist me. I explained what my plan was and also that I knew nothing about vaping. He asked me all of the standard questions: what kind of vape does he have now, how often does he vape, how much of a hit he wants to get, etc. He showed me their selection and also how to build it up. I have to thank him for being so patient with me because I kept wanting to see this mod, with this tank, and this with that (it went on like this for awhile because I get indecisive). After some time, I decided on the Stingray X Mod in silver with copper accents (in their photos) with the new Aspire Atlantis Sub Ohm Tank. Marcus advised that it will give my boyfriend good hits that are similar to a drip tip. Now that he has his gift, I asked him if this was true and he said that it was! I also got him batteries and a charger as well so that he would have everything. Be sure to check in on Yelp and show them for a 10% discount!Thank you Vapology, my boyfriend loves his gift!
