5	Comedy Heaven.Boozer Paradise.Wacky Central.Nostalgia Overload.Edinburgh at its Finest.I am flying 5000 miles for this in August. If I missed the Festival, even Martians would hear my screams of anguish on their big red planet.
5	Delightful: so many wonderful choices!
4	another san franciscan enjoying the fringe festival.  not at all shocking.  saw some good theater, music and comedy all in one day.  also saw a dude in his underwear on a ladder juggling swords and ate a sandwich filled with six tiny sausages.  some of this took place inside a gigantic upside down cow.
5	Love love love the Fringe! Love love love Edinburgh.Bid a sad farewell to the best city in the world tonight, after three days of festival madness! If you haven't been - go! Your world will never be the same again.But be careful - you will not want to leave...
5	There are not many cities in the world which offer something as unique, exciting and popular as the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.Set over the month of August, the centre of Edinburgh is taken over by tourists enjoying comedy, plays, musicals, dance, opera and street performers. If there was ever anything that summed up the phrase "something for everyone" it's the Edinburgh Festival. There is a mixture of the great, the terrible and the completley mad but you are guaranteed entertainment. There are a number of venues around Edinburgh offering a huge number of shows by new and old performers and some famous faces thrown in. I met McLovin last year at the Festival. Oh yes, I pretty much don't need to ever meet a famous person again because McLovin wins at everything. If you are in Edinburgh in August, you have no excuse to miss the Festival.
5	Having been somewhat of an Edinburgh novice when I first moved here, I had heard of the Fringe FEstival - but, if truth be told, I had no idea what It was. Boy, was I in for a shock when August came around.The Fringe is unbelievable - the population of Edinburgh doubles literally overnight as the comedy and performing world decends upon the Scottish capital for nearly a monts worth of japery, comedy, performing, and general fun.Yes, you get the big stars returning time and time again (so book your tickets early), but the real joy is going and seeing comedians who you have never heard before in thier tiny venues scattered across the whole city. If you are lucky, you may be watching the next Michael McIntyre (who started at the Festival) - and if not, well, you will still be seeing somebody funny. If you cant decide who to go and see, I suggest heading down to the concessions stand, where performers (for one show only) half thier ticket prices, so take the advantage and see as many as you can.There is always the E4 Big Purple Cow, in the centre of George Square which shows the biggest of the acts and performances - including Jim Rose Circus (an excellent act, but for over 18's only!).The best thing about the Festival however, is the Royal Mile. Without a shadow of a doubt, you could easily spend two days slowly making your way down this famous stretch of road - and not just because of the massive amount of people! The street performers who show themselves here are among the greatest performers ever, and draw massive crowds, but with good reason.The atmosphere is one of an excited buzz, fun and fresh. I love it.
5	If you haven't been to this before: GOIf you have : GO AGAINWords can't really do this festival justice. The whole city comes alive and there is a reason for it's international popularity. Whether you are on a budget or have some pennies to spare, there are constant street shows, comedy, dance, song, theatre and numerous combinations to watch and there seem to be events everywhere, so one visit really doesn't do it justice. Take advantage of the late bar openings and the general buzz of the city. Yes there are a lot of tourists and prices can be quite high in bars/restaurants/hotels at this time and it can be hit and miss with what you see,but  it's a great and unique festival and I can't recommend it enough.
5	Every single review of the festival has had 5 *. Enough saidWell....I may as well say some more....I worked in the festival last year, and it was AMAZING. I had only ever visited the fesitval as a tourist so I was fully expecting to hate it and resent everything about it as I was having to work 12 hour shifts 6 days a week. No, it made me love it more.The people in the city are amazing. I've lived here on and off for more than 10 years and I felt like a tourist. It is like an entire new city. It's like Atlantis...only real!!The shows they have are amazing, there's no other way of saying it. The Meadows are spectacular, the gardens are filled and everyone is happy! I worked in The Assembly Rooms on George Street and it was so much fun. I met so many lovely people and celebrities. There's nothing more I can say as it's all been said before me. Come to the festival 2010 - trust me on this one.
5	Absolutely fantastic, amazing, awesome, plus more enthusiastic adjectives. Maybe I'll slip the word magnificent in here, as I've wanted to use it in a review for ages, but it's not exactly a word you can shove in anywhere, seeing as it usually describes palaces and mountains and other such things of an immense nature.Being from Edinburgh, this of course makes me instantly biased when it comes to my opinions on the merits of the Edinburgh Fringe, but the facts are that this festival has been going for many, many years now, and is internationally renowned for the quality, multitude and variety of shows it offers, plus, and I think most importantly, it gives smaller acts, who often pass under the radar, a chance to shine.After many Augusts of experiencing what can be the frustration of trying to enjoy every part of the Fringe to the full, which is actually impossible, because it would take you around six years to see every single event happening at the festival, I've learned to plan ahead a bit. I figure out what I want tickets for in advance, as soon as the brochure comes out, but I also just go with whatever I feel like seeing on the spur of the moment, once the Fringe actually starts. Sometimes it's the random shows that can seem a bit dubious when you look at the flyer, that turn out to be surprisingly amazing. There is absolutely without a doubt something for everyone here, and I implore anyone thinking of coming to Scotland in August to visit Edinburgh and take in the crazy, chaotic, cultural carnival of amazingness that is the Fringe. August is when Edinburgh is at its best and most vibrant - you must experience it, you must!
5	The Fringe is almost upon us once again, and I could not be more excited at the prospect.It's the place where all the Players come out to play around Edinburgh. Expect to find a very eclectic mix of shows, from high profile comedy acts in the Underbelly venues to lo-fi theatre at its finest. From events you've waited months for to surprise free comedy acts that you decide you'll take a chance and see, the Fringe is delightful, and a different brew every year.The city truly comes alive and into its own every August, and you'll find that most surrounding venues, pubs and restaurants get involved for a slice fo the action. My favourite thing to do is to wander the streets and see where my feet take me. I always find some good comedy, some of which you don't have to pay for if it's in a certain place. The say the world's a stage, and Edinburgh is certainly the perfect platform for this theatrical bonanza!
5	The Edinburgh Fringe is immense, I can't believe it's nearly that time of year again. It's so hard to review as every year it's completely different but one thing is a definite - there is something for everyone.Expect to be mesmerised, expect to laugh you socks off, maybe even cry at a few serious plays and heck you might even be bored by a few terrible freebies but you will always be thoroughly entertained.My one criticism of The Fringe would be the fact that it's not very well sign posted. On my very first trip here many moons ago I didn't know Edinburgh very well at all and found it very hard to navigate my way from theatre to theatre to check out the events I'd bought tickets for and some of the venues were quite far out. Not really a criticism though... more an observation.
4	It's easy to get carried away about the Fringe and just roll out the superlatives, but sometimes a sense of perspective is needed. It may be the most high profile event in Scotland, but deep down the local consensus has always been that while it's great that Edinburgh gets to host such an event, it's not so great that for a month of the year locals should feel alienated and often patronised in their own city. The festival is run by luvvies from the South East, for luvvies from the South East, and with each passing year the trend for quantity over quality becomes more prevalent.Comedy now seems to be the main focus, and having sat through some gems of conceptual theatre that include people rolling around the stage in tinfoil, and at another show sticking tampons to their heads, I must say I'm quite relieved. As pretty much every comedian you've heard of is likely to be here, it's easy to pick a show you know you'll like, but it can be fun to risk the tumbleweed and take a lucky dip. As a pointer for quality, simply looking at the posters and flyers can be a good bet. If there's a mention of music, magic or any other gimmick, or the comedian is grinning inanely, then it's likely the show is lot less amusing than they think it is. If he looks miserable and tortured, then you'll be rolling around on the floor in no time.If you're visiting The Fringe then you won't be able to avoid the swarm of street entertainers that plague The Royal Mile. So far this year I've seen:Guy dressed as a cat, playing guitar.Woman painted white, pretending to be a statue.Guy dressed as a donkey, playing guitar.Guy attempting to squeeze entire body through a tennis racket.Guy dressed as a ghost. Playing guitar.While the Fringe does indeed bring some very deluded and self-absorbed souls to the fore, there is so much going on that even a whole street of guys dressed as sheep, playing guitar couldn't detract from it too much. With hundreds of shows on every day, there's never a moment goes by when there's not something worth seeing, and the general buzz, atmosphere and increased profile of the city just makes it a good place to be. In cliched terms, you can just walk down the street and really feel that things are happening. It's rare that you get to say that in Scotland.
5	Im from Los Angeles California and I traveled with my college and performed at Venue 13 down royal mile. This experience was amazing!!!!  we performed and did publicity for 2 weeks and meet so many amazing people in scotland!  I saw some crappy shows but the good ones I saw were simply amazing !!recommendations:wolfspring awakeningthe last 5 yearsI have to come back to the Fringe festival!! I want to come to just enjoy more of the shows instead of performing in them! Five stars!!
5	August has to be my favourite time of the year in Edinburgh a the Fringe comes to town.You could literally spend the whole month (and thousands of pounds) being entertained.You haven't lived life to the full until you've been to the Fringe.
5	Was there for the 2010 Fringe and it was a highlight.  Haven't been since I was a kid and it's a totally different experience as an adult.  Performers and artisans all over, saw the military Tattoo, which was a truly special experience.  The crowd is so much fun and for such a busy time for the city, it was still safe feeling and clean and for the most part, appropriate for all ages (at least during the day).  Something for everyone - during my husband's first trip to Scotland (my mum is from there so I've been many times) it was the highlight of his trip!
5	As someone who is renowned as an easily riled, eyeball-rolling curmudgeon with an aversion to loud noises, loud people, luvvies, students, children, street theatre, crowds and attention seeking, people are often surprised when I loudly sing the praises of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.  In fact, I do more than sing its praises: I would go one further and say it's my favourite time of year. It's hard to imagine an August without it, and I've been going every year since I was too young to form that bias which everyone from outside Edinburgh has against our nation's fair capital. Which is probably a good thing, really. Peace and love and all that. Yeah, there are hundreds of (slow!!!) tourists, which make negotiating Princes Street a logistical nightmare (the abandoned tram line doesn't help), and I won't tell you what I said (hissed) one year to the braying posho am-dram twat outside the National Gallery when he tried to involve me in street theatre which involved his equally vile, fish van-driving friend (don't ask), but there's something magical about the place for wannabe performers during festival time, and that's because anything goes. If you're a newbie to performing stand up like I am, you can't help but get a frisson of excitement when you see the sheer volume of stand ups bringing their shows to the city, thinking 'One day, I might be that deranged, sleep-deprived soul pamphleting next to Footlights on the Royal Mile!'. You may say I'm a dreamer....There are loads of free shows, and part of the fun is picking the most bizarre-looking ones and wandering off to find the location (usually the basement of an Italian restaurant). Sometimes, though just sometimes, you come across a belter of a show, and then you're allowed to feel smug for discovering and getting into something no one else has heard of yet. (I'm terrible like that. So selfish!)Most established comedians head to Edinburgh during August, too, so there's always going to be someone you want to see, in a smaller venue than usual and at a fraction of the cost.  Stick around the Pleasance Courtyard in particular and you'll see them in their natural habitat, enjoying a drink and the banter. Oh yes, if you are a certain famous stand up who was at the Pleasance at 2pm on 26th August 2011 and you're reading this, then remember...I know exactly what you did behind that big bin, don't think you weren't noticed!! ;-pAdd to the mix the beautiful Edinburgh scenery and you're on to a winner. Now go, go and peruse the programme and get yourself some tickets! And if you see two men and one fish van, tell them that Laura says 'FUCK OFF!'. Again.
5	Teens and twenty something's in every nook and cranny doing tributes from Monty Python to sh*t faced Shakespeare and the seriousness of a night with Dementia.  A must see event. Go a week or so late so you can take advantage of the reviews.
5	A completely ridiculous, over the top, sensory overload experience. If you are uptight at all please just stay away from Edinburgh in August. If you decide to go - plan to stay up late, get up early, and nap in-between. The locals have adapted to this yearly invasion and are usually really great help.I saw the strangest, coolest, add artsy superlative here, black box theatre presentation. Then I saw a just OK American comedian who probably would have been better if not for the annoying drunk lady who heckled him but that was fun too. Any kind of music you care for is to be found, The street art and performances are a cacophony of bag pipes, electric guitars, and drums mixing with voices of orators and singers. Ear plugs are a good idea especially as your stay goes on.If there is ever a time to be a tourist - this is it. I don't mean the stupid-rude kind but the wonderment-of-it-all kind. Take time on your walk to and from to experience what is going on around you. There's no such thing as a plan beyond knowing what time your must see things start. Be ready to drop everything and follow a sound or smell.Put your smartphone away and look up! You'll be glad you did.
3	I warmly welcome the Edinburgh Fringe. I know this is the opportunity to enjoy the world's biggest show(s) on Earth. Every new year it seems to be growing and expanding. You can watch anyone on the street in a carnival atmosphere and coming rain or shine enjoying themselves with this barrage of music, comedy, dance, military tattoo and storytelling. Hundreds of thousands of tickets, nay, millions are sold to people looking for a good time and yes those will visit the Edinburgh streets in their droves in that 30 days of Capital mayhem.But every year residents and visitors need to be reminded that the Fringe = people - a lot of them! Them being Artists, Punters, Organisers, Volunteers and ..dare I mention it.. opportunists and criminals. The biggest opportunity will be in the accommodation sector - obviously you will be charged a premium as suddenly every performer, visitor, supporting cast, child and his dog needs a place to stay. The closer to the venues the more you pay for a room/flat per night . An advise is to book in advance (like say a year) or to ensure you get to know some people in Edinburgh you can stay a few days with. Unscrupulous and official Caterers, food outlets and the likes will ever so non subtly have or even raise their prices. Not just for visitors, but for residents too. - Portions get slightly smaller. Service slightly less. Certain options become unavailable - either due to complexity of mass producing or simply due to the high demand. Traffic will be a nightmare - especially in town, near the venues. I was never good in close condensed crowds. With all these people you get the pickpockets, ticket touts, the illegal beggars and other characters looking for Fringe benefits (pardon the pun) So be wise, inform yourself and stay alert. Apply common sense. So you can enjoy the FringeI like the Fringe, but not so the additional hassle
5	The last time I was in Edinburgh, I loved the sleepy, charming quality of this city with history. New town, old town, castles, whisky, it seemed like the perfect spot to get away from London and clear my mind.The next time I came, I came for Fringe...As I heard from many Edinburgh natives before making the journey, Fringe Edinburgh is completely different than everyday Edinburgh. I had no idea how right they were until rolling in and seeing the city in full party mode. This quiet city got loud. Music and drinking happening everywhere, people crowding the streets, weirdness at every turn (I saw a Ginger Pride Rally! Yes, a walk for those with red hair and freckles and it made my life.) It was amazing.And then you realize this isn't a one-off occurrence. This is what the city is like during all of Fringe. I loved it. I loved everything about it. I loved having tickets to shows and running up giant ancient steps to see strange theatre. I loved getting handed flyer after flyer after flyer (and going through the stages of flyering. First you accept it to be polite, then you politely decline, then you angrily snort and glare as they try to hand you one, and finally you feel bad and take a flyer again to be polite. And then it goes round and round.) I loved seeing free comedy at rugby bars and warehouses. I seriously just loved it.This may not be Edinbugh all the time (and thank god, who could take it if it was), but for a month or so, it's a party you don't want to miss.
5	Once-in-a-lifetime epicness. However, plan ahead, research thoroughly.
4	I have to confess I have not been able to enjoy the Fringe this year as much as I had liked. But last year it was quite good. The main hub I would say is obviously the royal mile. Has lots of really good street performers , pubs, and food. Unfortunately its insanely packed!!! Like I have never seen so many people jammed into one little strip of land. I thought I was watching a George Romero zombie movie as everyone seems to be shuffling around trying to walk up and down the area. If you dont believe me look closely at the photo I posted from the bus. Its people as far as the eye can see! So if your going to brave the mass horde of people please make sure you dont loose your wallet or your kid or something . Other then that theres tons of great shows around the city in different venues. Its a festival that brings people from all over the world and you get to see some great artists . Prices vary depending on the shows.  Enjoy !
5	If you're a fan of cutting-edge, mostly amateur theatre, comedy, music, dance, circus, or cabaret, Eburgh's Fringe Festival is the mecca.  With more than 2700 acts from all over the world running over the month of August, there truly is something for everyone. It is fun and super affordable but you can't just stumble into it. Plan, plan, plan.  Shows run all day from morning till the wee hours.  The Fringe Guide is like a phone book of every show, plus times,  locations and age appropriateness. Browse this and find a handful of must-see events, then plan the rest of your viewing around these main events.  Head to the Half Price Ticket Booth by the Mound/Art Gallery and buy tickets to fill the rest of your daily schedule.  The shows are headquartered around four or so main hubs in pubs, restaurants, masonic lodges - I even saw a show in an anatomy lab.  Best if you book all your shows for the day in the same geographic hub.    Don't forget about the Free Fringe (These shows are usually in pubs, can be pretty good, but listed in a different directory). Just remember that once you buy a beer and the performer passes the hat at the end, "free" will set you back 5 pounds or so as well.My favourite part of Fringe is actually the interaction with performers at the Mound and Royal Mile as they work to sell you the merits of their show, often with costumes and show previews.  Take their show flyers or not but please please please be nice about it either way.  These are mostly just young people trying to find their big break. Don't be afraid to take a chance on a show.  The guide will let you know whether a show is age-appropriate for young people and general raunchiness but for me, the outlier shows I wasn't sure of turned out to be the best!Be aware that Eburgh is super busy in August.  Book accommodation well in advance.  I recommend Pollock Halls at the University for affordable and convenient lodging (see separate review.)  Buses in Eburgh are easy, frequent and cheap. While you're at the Fringe, don't forget to take a day to hike up Arthur's seat and also visit the wonderful Scottish National Museum.
5	I happened to be visiting Edinburgh for a college reunion during the time of the Fringe Festival, so after meeting up with my friends at the airport, we all headed to the Royal Mile (which I fondly started calling the High Mile on account of its elevation and because so many people were high on life, drugs or alcohol!) to soak in the atmosphere. And what an atmosphere it was! Full of buskers, mimes, musicians, and eclectic acts - from Japanese pop to American tap dancing to an Eastern European theatre group performing a moving play about Jewish children interned at a Nazi concentration camp. It was a warm and sunny afternoon and the crowd was out in force, and I could clearly see the shimmering blue waters of the Firth of Forth in the distance. After stopping by for a wonderful meal of haggis and salmon and IPA at the Whiski Bar and Restaurant (different review for that one), we plunged back into the creativity and madness, enjoying the magical experience that's the Fringe!
