5	I am so happy to welcome Pinkberry to Summerlin! I've been waiting for years for Pinkberry to come to Las Vegas. The first one was on the strip and not in the most convenient location for locals. This is their second location and it's in my hood.It's located in Boca Park near Grimaldi's and Sambalatte. Flavors for today are- coconut, mint cookies and cream, plain tart, pomegranate, mango, and chocolate hazelnut. Their yogurt tastes more pure than other competitors, not the too sweet type of flavors.Choose your toppings and enjoy! Ask for samples.
4	What is a Pinkberry.  Is it (A) that a new GMO berry created in a lab?  Or (B) a hydroponically cultivated strawberry that resembles a regular strawberry, but with less than 40% of the sweetness and taste of a traditional strawberry, or (C) that incredibly innovative global yogurt retailer that offers craveable and nutritious selections of fresh and frozen yogurts to their beloved army of loyal "crackberry" addicts?  If you don't know, pick "C", that is what the Princeton Review staff would advice you in the event you can't narrow down any of the answer choices or you are running out of time, in which case you probably did not get your money's worth from their test prep course.If you knew the answer without having to even read the multiple guess options, then congratulations you just earn yourself a free small serving of Pinkberry on me*.  * Legal disclaimer:  Free Pinkberry offer valid only at the Boca Park location, and must be redeemed on May 15, 2014.  Offer may not be combined with any other offer or promotions.  Tips not included, but would be appreciated.Here is a crash course primer on Pinkberry:Pinkberry locations are pretty much all the same. Pinkberry corporate pretty much dictates the look of each of their Pinkberry embassies spread out across the world. It is essentially a cookie cutter, turnkey, practically no-brainer investment opportunity for the well to do individuals.  If you have the money, you would want to own one too! Why?  Because it is only like the "leading frozen yogurt brand for franchising"It is successful because little kids love it (as in all Pinkberry locations) here, they drag their parents here after soccer practice.  Milfs stop by here after doing yoga in their Lululemon yoga pants or leg days at the gym.  Tweens congregate here because, well, school is pretty much over now, and it is the cool place to hang for 15 minutes.  Any longer than that, then you are not one of the cool kids with people to do and places to see.  A to C-list celebrities love, and I mean LOVE Pinkberry.  If this location is in SoCal, say Santa Monica, then you have a good chance of seeing random celebrities without their stage makeup, waiting in line like the rest of the peasants, trying to enjoy their day and have a cool, healthy refreshing froyo like the rest of their fellow top ~35% socioeconomic peer group.Their stores' interior is bright white (evokes thoughts of cleanliness, coolness, especially during the summer heatwave), and they offer just a few flavors of froyo, shakes and smoothies, but their toppings bar is fairly diverse and the fresh fruits are as fresh as fruits cut up that same day can be.  Average price is in line with your typical fast food combo meals (my small Pinkberry with 2 toppings will set you back $6 and change, which is what their smoothies will cost before factoring in the obligatory tax), but packs significantly less calories and is made from healthful ingredients.This Boca Park location is fairly small, not much room to sit inside on super hot Las Vegas summer days, but there are outdoor seating under the shade of umbrellas.  Parking can be a drag too, since there are just so many other must hit up shops and restaurants in the same complex. Staff is mostly young high schoolers, so they are at least working to cover their their crackberry addictions.  BUt super convenient if you are already in the vicinity shopping, taking a break from your Sambalatte coffee break, or stocking up on adult beverages at Total Wine.  Easy 4 stars for this extremely easy to fall in love with healthful and constantly innovating frozen yogurt concept that originated from similar froyo shop out of S. Korea.Review #24 of 2014
4	Alert: Boca Park has been frozen over with Pinkberry!!!!Not being from America I will break bread, this is my first time to PinkBerry!!!! The first time I actually heard of Pinkberry was on an episode of America Dad,  "wwwwhhaaat" your thinking. Yep it's true!Ok so PinkBerry is located in Bocca Park, Summerlin on the rampart and lake mead cross streets. If you drive through Bocca you'll find it next to Embers and across from Kona Grill. When looking for the store I found it a little hard as the PinkBerrry Sign blended nicely into the building, so look for Embers or the green seating area. The layout has three small tables with umbrellas out the front with two small tables inside. Your ordering from right to left on the counter. PinkBerry is very corporate so you know they have everything down.When arriving I was greeted by Mike welcoming my son and myself Into Pinkberry. After giving us the tour of the menu and the general to do about the business, I decided to give Mike the run of what out final product was. He delivered up some Original with raspberry, blueberry and chocolate flakes!!!! It was extremely tasty and not too overpowering.If you compare to say uswirl the small differences are they serve you, you don't grab it yourself, and also at uswirl there are a lot more choices of topping. But sometimes more Toppings mean less self control. Pinkberry will be great for Bocca park, one place I believe I will be back too.OverallService: 5-5Price: $$$Food: 4-5Come Back: If the service stays the same, absolutely
4	Well much like madhouse coffee, I'm going to have to file this place under "when I have the money to splurge for well made, but expensive, food. "We stopped by here after hearing one opened in Boca Park. I have always heard people referencing Pinkberry as awesome in NY and various other places, so since we have been searching for our regular yogurt place, we figured this would be it!When we arrived they had a DJ pumping some music outside on the patio, which I assume is because they're new and just opening. The first thing I noticed is uh oh, this isn't a self serve place. So no getting absurd amounts of various ice creams and toppings....Second thing I noticed is the price! We ended up paying 7 dollars for a medium mint cookie frozen yogurt with toppings. For what you would get at some place like Yogurtland, the price is way way above. At Yogurtland we literally packed a cup out with toppings and different yogurt and paid less than five dollars. Third thing was, what only like four flavors? Being used to a wall of flavors at self serve places, this was really disappointing and felt limiting in comparison. So we were left thinking, why is this place popular? Then we tried the mint cookie ice cream...I mean, frozen yogurt. Oh my god. It's incredibly delicious, rich, and tastes nothing like what you would expect from frozen yogurt. We were impressed, really impressed. If this place was like a Yogurtland self serve situation, I don't know that we would eat anywhere else for dessert. The quality of the yogurt is fantastic! But at 7 bucks a pop for one flavor and a few toppings, probably won't be back unless it's a special occasion and I'm not ultra budgeting my money at the time. TLDR: quality and experience is 5 stars, but it'll cost you
5	I've been to many frozen yogurt places, but this is still my favorite. Their yogurt has a special tart taste and is always refreshing. Customer service was excellent and the girls told us that we could fill our cups with as much toppings that could fit in the cup. I love that I don't have to drive to the Strip anymore!
4	Ok so it's definitely not like all other frozen yogurt places...They serve you and the prices are flat rates, not by weight. I'd say a small is more than enough, especially if you want toppings...but it all up to you of course! They will do just about anything you ask--even put your to go order with a bag of ice!!There is not a lot of seating, inside or outside, but they do have both. All toppings are unlimited @ $1 more, except Nutella, which is 75 cents per scoop. They also have smoothies and special combination creations to choose from. -B
3	aaaaalright.... I am going to have the unpopular opinion here and say that Pinkberry only gets an 'OKAY' in my book. My family gets froyo often (our 4 year old loves the stuff) and when we tried Pinkberry, we were a little underwhelmed. It may just be me, but the prices seem higher than it's competitors. Also, i like being able to control the portion of the toppings I want. Mainly because I want an embarrassing amount of fruity pebbles on my tart yogurt and I'm not sure I'm too comfortable with a complete stranger knowing that. Yes, their froyo is delicious, but I just don't see myself driving aaaaallll the way over there just to get it. The competitors froyo hasn't let us down and honestly, I don't think my four year old cares about the hype. He likes being able to pull down the lever and choose whatever crazy topping combos he wants. I guess at least we can say that we have tried the famed Pinkberry....
4	Pinkberry has to be the best yogurt place in my opinion. Compared to [insert other yogurt place here], the flavors at Pinkberry actually taste like what they are meant to taste like! This is a great addition to Boca Park. I would personally recommend the chocolate hazelnut. The only thing that brings this place down is the small number of options for flavors, but oh well.
3	Im reading the other reviews and wondering how in the world can you right so much about a YOGURT Shop ?  * First its clean!* Staff is very nice! This is what brings in the 3 Stars!* Paying $$$ for a YOGURT is insane! Yogurt was just OK... Make sure you ask for samplesss before you purchase you may be in for a BIG surprise if you don't... I wont be going back... I approve this message J K KUHL!
3	Being a native Las Vegan, I was pretty excited to hear Pinkberry was opening up, though I think they are a little late. The other yogurt places have already established their devoted clientele (we all know yogurtland is better than u-swirl).The place is cute and clean, with friendly staff. We went on a slow, late-afternoon, and it felt a little awkward to have six smiling teenagers stare at you while you struggle to choose a flavor. Talk about pressure. I wish the samples weren't overflowing from tiny cups that I have to awkwardly put into my mouth. Can we have tiny spoons or something? Or just put a taste of the yogurt on a normal spoon? The tart flavor is a classic. I don't remember what it tastes like compared to other establishments, but I was pleased. I enjoyed the little dark chocolate crunchies as well. It was actually a little weird they didn't have mochi on the menu. It just seems as standard as sprinkles.I didn't find Pinkberry life-changing or #OMGSOGOOD. Sorry, hoi polloi. (Sorry, Significant Other! I know you love it.)
5	I love the original flavor with raspberries, blue berries, and strawberries.  Conveniently located in Boca Park.  Very clean, lots of parking, friendly employees.  Thumbs up!!!
5	Pinkberry is the best yogurt place! -in my opinion.... flavors at Pinkberry always taste like what they are meant to! I always get the original flavor with some sort of fresh fruit, and a waffle cookie! YUMMY!
4	I was excited to see that Pinkberry was opening at Boca Park. Its been years, but I remember liking this place when living in California. I knew that there was a location at City Center, but wasn't going to drive to the strip just to get Pinkberry.Most frozen yogurt places are self serve, but this place serves you. Which can sometimes suck because how much yogurt and toppings you get depends on who is working. Kind of like getting Chinese food for take out. Some employees will give you big portions and load up your plate, while others are more stingy. They also charge by cup size here, not by weight.I believe they have one of the best tasting tart yogurt. I found it to be sour at other places like U-Swirl. The one thing that annoys me is that they don't have mochi as a topping, and that is my absolute favorite! Funny thing is that if you go to their website and click on original (listed under frozen yogurt), they show mochi as a "suggested pairing." Sooo Pinkberry, if you have it on your website, why have I not seen it in your stores?? Can someone please explain this madness to me?? The other thing that annoyed me was that they never offered me the pink card, which is their loyalty program where you earn points and rewards. I spent around $15 too! But otherwise, service is friendly and they keep their tables clean, inside and out. I'm sure I'll be back in the future. What would make me want to come back even more often? MOCHI!! (Hint, Hint!)
5	Give Ron and Zalina a raise immediately.  They are the only reason I come to Pinkberry.PS-- I spilled brownie on the floor but I picked it up myself.
3	I went there with the kids. They wanted an "ice cream" place that we haven't been to before. It was good, but the girls working there were a bit rude. They had a boyfriend there that they were talking to when we went in there and the girls were laughing the whole time we were trying to order. My kids and I liked the frozen yogurt though. We will probably go again.
5	What a cute little yogurt store front! :) This was our first time ever at Pinkberry and we were greeted right away with a friendly face and he *I unfortunately forgot his name :(* didn't just assume we knew what we were doing which is a huge plus in my book! He walked us through step by step about what to do and asked if we wanted samples. I ended up getting a coconut swirl with mango topped with coconut shavings, fresh strawberries, dark chcolate crisps and a hint of agave nectar with a cute wafer :) You've got a return customer for sure Pinkberry :D
5	Friendly staff...ofcourse yogurt is delicious. Very clean. Good place to people watch.
4	When it comes to frozen treats, froyo would be the best option. It has probiotics, calcium and protein. When it comes to froyo, I pretty much enjoy almost all Flavors and the toppings I can add.My favorite flavor is Nutella but it's from a different froyo chain. However, Pinkberry has chocolate hazelnut froyo which is essentially the same thing...AND they do have Nutella as a topping! They have fewer flavors and toppings than other chains: fruits, chocolate bars, nuts, etc. You have no control over the amount of yogurt you get. But you can get your froyo in a cup or waffle cone. This location is small with only a few tables and chairs inside and outside but has always been clean the times I've been here. They have a freezer with pints of froyo you can take home.
5	I do think this is the best frozen yogurt I have had.  Service was great and the flavor of the yogurt was bright and fresh.
2	Tasty ice cream but lack of seating and over the top poor service gives you 2 stars pink berry.
