5	Exceptional quality food, home baking and coffee make this place well worth a visit.  Their freshly baked bread is the secret of their successful sandwich making.  I'm going back!
2	We took the bus out to Portobello from Edinburgh today. It was a lovely, sunny and almost warm afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised to find what looked like a very inviting cafe on the waterfront. The cafe is well-presented and a positive addition to the Portobello beach front. I would have to agree though with the previous reviewer - the service was rather poor. When we entered the cafe, we read the sign that informs customers to "please wait to be seated." We duly waited for at least 10 minutes whilst all manner of staff milled about and pushed past us in the cramped entry way. Finally, we enquired as to whether or not we could take a table. We were told to go ahead. We sat, looked at the menu and then proceeded to wait another 10 minutes or so. Just when we thought that we had figured out that perhaps we needed to order at the counter, a waitress came over to our table and took our order.The food was fine, though I would like to correct Matthew's review above - the cakes and breads are NOT baked  on the premises. All of this is brought in from outside. I know this for certain as when I asked what the exact ingredients of the cakes might be and whether or not there were peanuts being handled in the kitchen where the cakes were being prepared, the waitress told me she could not say as all cakes were brought in from an outside bakery. The cakes did look nice and it is a shame that the Beach House does not have more information on hand about the cakes they are selling - even if they are not baking them.I would go back here for a coffee. I ordered an espresso macchiato that I thought was of a good quality. The next time though I will be more proactive about being seated and having my order taken in a timely fashion.
4	Nice little cafe overlooking Portobello beach. The Promenade is a great place for a walk/cycle on a sunny day and The Beach House is right on it; the perfect to stop for refreshments or lunch. The ice cream is from The Chocolate Tree and they have Orangina in the original little curvy bottles. Awesome.
4	I like it here. tasty food, and well sourced puddings from various places like La Cerise in Leith.The service can get slow when it's busy, and it's a small place so it gets busy easily. but it's right on the beach. You can eat outside, and you can take away thigns too, like the ice cream *hint hint*
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's cute, perfect location with a beautiful view of the beach, and the decor was nice too. And they are serving a lot of organic stuff. I was really excited when I walked in, but like others mentioned, the service was painfully slooooowwwwwww. I got there about 11:40am, got seated right away, but nobody came to take my order until 11:55, and at that time, the server refused to take my breakfast order because breakfast was until noon. I asked her if she could check with the kitchen, and she did, but the same answer. In my mind, I wanted to argue "but it's 11:55, there is still 5 minutes left!!!" But I just didn't want to waste my time anymore. If they are ok with having me sit all by myself at the table, and go talk to a family who got in after I did  and take their order before me, then maybe they just didn't want me there. It's unfortunate, I really wanted to like this place so that I could come back every morning to get a coffee or breakfast while I'm staying in Portobello, but I think I would rather spend my money somewhere else where they appreciate my patronage.
5	I just fancied a scone and a flat white beside the beach and this is what I get!  Perfect!!!  Really nice fruit scone with jam and butter, topped off with a lovely warm, tasting flat white right beside the beach.  The staff were friendly and service was quick too.I'll be here again - it's enough to brighten up anyone's day!
4	This seems to be one of the most popular haunts for promenade eating and drinking, and for good reason. The space is airy and bright, despite always being almost full to capacity. The cakes are fresh and extremely tasty, with a range of gluten free options to cater for GF cake nommers. The tea is plentiful and refreshing. Food is varied and good quality. The service is with a smile, though it sometimes is a wee bit slow - due probably to the business of the place.  Definitely recommend, I always like to have a quick stop here!
3	The Beach House is a really cute cafe right on the Portobello promenade. It has a few outdoor tables for the sunny days, and a surprisingly large interior for the other 360 days of the year.The Man and I stopped here for lunch a couple of months ago and, despite being mid-week, it was still bustling.  I'd put that down to it's definite yummy mummy appeal, though my favourite was the guy who sent his kids to play in the sand (3 feet away) while he chilled out and enjoyed himself. So - great location, good concept.  Unfortunately the service and quality of the offerings let it down a bit.  We were very surprised at how long it took to get someone to take our order and even more surprised at HOW LONG it took for our food to arrive.  While we waited we watched the waitress bring a table full of incorrect food to the people sitting next to us, made even crazier by the bowl of hot soup that was put in front of the toddler, and craziest of all when considering how long it took for them to take away the incorrect food and eventually bring out the right order. After the drama, our food arrived and it was good, but not gloriously tasty amazingness that I was expecting from the menu. It was fine, but nothing to get excited over. All in all not a bad experience but I guess not quite as good as I was expecting. If you're here on a sunny day though, it's worth it for the location.
4	Home baking and fab coffee with the most wonderful views on a sunny morning. What is not to love?
