1	one of the advantages of doing your masters degree at age 33 is that you get to be surrounded by students ten years younger. that youth can be refreshing, enlightenting, de-aging. it can also lead to having to go to student bars and clubs when those students turn 22 and 23. they will plan their birthday parties at these same bars and clubs.  the advantage of these clubs is that they are often cheap. at stereo, drinks are 1.50.  they could be free, and stereo would easily be the worst club i have ever been to in my entire life.  dont get me wrong, i spent years of my youth going to clubs nearly as bad in other countries- cave themed clubs in mexico where you make out with waiters to get an extra tequila shot, clubs in torremolinos and cancun where foam shoots out of holes and girls pretend theyre bi and make out with eachother. this club doesnt even offer that. it does offer possibly the worst dj i have ever heard in my life. a smelly smoke that shoots out at you from the dj stand in amounts that may give your first born an extra limb or cyclops eye.  its filled with high school and maybe first year univ kids whose hooking up, post club will directly lead to the dumbing down of future generations.  the only possible remedy for the horridness that is this club o shit is  that there are pool tables on the main floor. however as the volume of the shit music from above is still enough to make you contemplate suicide, it doesnt compensate sufficiently.if you have to go, drink at least 9 shots immediately before entering
1	Stereo is best known for its Tuesday night 'Shag-tag' event. Basically, everyone that enters is given a number on a badge and if you see someone you fancy you're supposed to write them a note on a wall (situated at the back of the club)  in the space corresponding to their number. The idea is then that if they like your note they will seek you out by your number and it'll end happily ever after or at least in a drunken grope. Not only is this whole idea way too complicated for its own good but by naming the night 'Shag-tag' the organisers have really set a scummy tone. The words meat-market come to mind. By the end of the night the crowd has fiercely split into three groups. 1) The bored. People not looking to pull who have been dragged by their single friends. Most likely to be found getting drunk slowly by the bar waiting until they can go home. 2) The horny. People desperately looking to find their 'Shag-tag' for the night. Most likely to be found grinding against anything that is stationary for more than 30 seconds.3) The rejected. People that have had their feelings hurt by someone who didn't find their note so appealing. Most likely to be found writing offensive slurs against the numbers of those who knocked them back.I actually have a scar to prove how much this place sucks. Some trashed group of football fans started smashing glasses in here one night (in celebration?!) and I was unlucky enough to be walking past at the time. A huge wedge of glass went shooting into my foot and there was blood everywhere. The first aider (who was lovely actually) dressed me up in bandages and sent me home in a taxi. The footballers were allowed to stay though. Rough!
2	For some reason, as some point in my life I thought Stereo was a decent club. I think that had something to do with being in first year at uni, the first year away from home so everything in Edinburgh is big and shiney and new. Because Stereo is most definitely not a decent club. Its one of those clubs where if your not a Chav, then you have no business being here. Unless you like to make out with random strangers while heavily petting said stranger, you're probably not going to like this place. I have seen people thrown out of here for almost completing the deed on the dance floor. Yeh, its that kind of place. A really annoying part of Stereo is their bouncers. They are on some uber power trip and seem to think they are the secret service and your trying to enter the White House or something. They grill you on where you have been all night and who with and why. Its a little extreme. However the saving grace of Stereo (which is why it gets two stars, not one), is the little known white room on the top floor. Generally the Chavs are too drunk to make it all the way up here so its usually empty. And on a Friday night its 80's night! So if you gather a huge group of super fun friends you can head up to the white room and have your own little private party. Complete with 80's music!But the rest of the time this place is awful.
1	As far as terrible clubs go, you really are spoilt for choice in Edinburgh's city centre. This is yet another place that attracts hoards of 'yoots', all 'up for it' and full of testosterone and vodka (that's the boys and the girls). The music is the cheesy club sort with a few 'classics' thrown in for good measure. It's a cheap club in every respect: entrance, drinks, clientele. Bizarrely people actually queue to get in here, even when it's raining and they have no coat on.Definitely one to avoid if you have any self respect.
2	At the tail end of Grassmarket lies Stereo, a cheap and cheerful club with little to tempt you away from the city centre.The figurehead of Stereo's club nights is 'Shagtag' (every Tuesday) which sees rampant horde's or guys and girls attempt to woo each other in the most eye wateringly tacky way possible: If someone tickles your fancy, you subsequently write your 'number' next to theirs on a notice board in the hope that they spot this and bang...you've found your one true love.Ok, I went there once for a laugh in my very first week of University...but I've never returned. Still if your desperate..
2	My memory of this place is hazy at best - I've only been once, and from what I was told I was so hammered by the time we got there, I was rolling around on the floor of the taxi as it was moving. So take this review with a pinch of salt and try to remove my beer goggles.We went to see a band that my flatmates school friends were in, and as such it wasnt a propper club night or anything here - so I cant comment on anything like that. I remember the floors being sticky, the actual club gloomy and drity and the drinks flowing through everybody because it was so damned cheap. There was a queue for the toilets - the male toilets at that! and hwn i did get into them they were smelly and the floor was soaking with what i hoped was water.My friends claim we all had an excellent night, and Im sure we did, but from what I remember, Stereo itself wasnt great.
3	Ahh.....fond memories!! Stereo kind of gets a bad reputation for being a bit skanky and a bit undesirable, but it's great!! It's a really big club, and in my experience it's never really busy so if you're looking for somewhere with a large group of mates to just have some fun then this is your place!!My best night ever out in Edinburgh took place in Stereo. It was one of the Shag-tag nights (lovingly known as date-rape night). Yeah the idea behind it is really quite disgusting, but if the right people are there then it's not so bad....kinda. It's all about the people, not the place!The club itself isn't too bad - it can be a bit sticky but it's clean otherwise. The toilets and spotless and you can't fault the bar!If you have a big group, this is your place
2	Stereo used to be one of the more popular clubs, but over the years Stereo's reputation has dwindled.Apart from the odd weekend, this place is normally quite dead, indeed when I have been there recently it can only be described as empty. The club has gained a reputation in attracting the less classy type of person....don't know what that makes me!Drinks are quite cheap when on offer, but apart from the offers drinks can be quite expensive. Even getting into the club is expensive, paying around five pounds for Stereo, not great value for money. So it is not as busy anymore, but with a group of mates it can be good fun, there is even a boxing game machine on the ground floor....entertainment right there!
