4	Normally, my company plan requires a stay at a Hilton Hotel (Hilton, Doubletree, Hampton - any of them), but when I come during Spring Training, the hotel prices have gotten so outrageous, that it just makes more sense to go off plan and I've been staying at La Quinta during my trips in March.Not more more to ask of a budget hotel like La Quinta than clean room, quiet atmosphere, and convenient location and this place meets all the criteria.  The facility is a little old, and you can see its age in the sagging balconies and cracking bathroom tile, but respect the fact that everything is clean.  There is a small pool area and courtyard that is very pleasant.  Free Wi-Fi (no password) is available in every room and the speed was actually pretty good.  For AT&T customers, the 3G coverage is decent - about 3-4 bars.  There is a soda machine on every floor, but if you're looking for snacks or ice, you'll have to head to the lobby.  A standard def tube TV with a reasonable number of channels (HBO, ESPN, all the locals) is available.Location is very close to Highway 143 and Sky Harbor (you're about 5 minutes away), although the way the roads in the area are laid out, the biggest headache will be getting back onto 143 because you have to loop around and then make an opposite lane turn on a very busy University Drive.  I've found it's easier to just take the long way and drive down to the I-10 onramp.Staff is very friendly.  The complimentary breakfasts are a nice bonus, given the price you pay (Hard boiled eggs, muffins, yogurt, cereal + milk, coffee, juice, bagels + cream cheese, and a waffle station).  It's a fantastic place to stay on a budget.
4	I agree with Jason.  I am in town for Spring Training and this place is perfect. It close to everything and has reasonable rates. The employees are the best.  Randy and Chris rock.  Randy drove us all around the area.  Thanks guys.
2	PROS:~The guy working the front desk (the only one, the whole 4 days I was there) was friendly.~The other people staying there were very friendly and talkative.~The pool was pretty cool.CONS:~Bad location. Pretty sketchy.~Bad rooms. The TV did not work properly and made random loud noises.~I kept feeling like the guy at the front desk was hitting on me, which is very unprofessional and not really acceptable.~Breakfast was gross.As you can see, the cons outweigh the pros. Not a great choice.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the friendliness, cleanliness, and all the amenities for the price. Jennifer even called someone on her cell phone to find out the closest favorite Burger joint (In N Out for me, Rally's for my wife) and everyone working there was most hospitable, all of 5 minutes from Sky Harbor, cannot be beat for the price
1	Ick. Just ick. They gave us a smoking room even though we requested Non-smoking. Why smoking rooms even exist anymore are beyond me. Since we only had 5-6 hours there to catch some shut-eye and take a shower, I didn't even bother changing rooms, but that amount of time was more than enough spent there. The breakfast buffet was decent though and we enjoyed waffles, pastries, and more before our drive to Monument Valley. I would never stay here again or recommend it, but maybe if you need something close to the airport for one night and are a smoker that actually enjoys smoking where you sleep, this hotel might be for you.
2	Hmmmm.  Not bad if you get a really good rate. Like $40 - $60. Clean, has the basics.  Close to the zoo. Free WiFi and continental breakfast. However, the room we stayed in had a really small bathroom and no dressing area.  The pool was clean and well kept and the staff was really nice and friendly.
4	This place allows dogs! Free of charge! Beyond that it was the standard airport hotel. Price was decent, used Hotels.com for this place.
2	The room was adequate for the price. I guess you really do get what you pay for! Outside was in need of some major tlc and groundskeeping. Front desk people were very nice and helpful. As for breakfast, you'd be better off going to the Denny's that sits next door!
5	Got in late last night to the airport and called the front desk when I landed. They sent out the shuttle and it was there waiting by the time I got my luggage. There were several senior citizens getting on the shuttle with me. The driver was so courteous and respectful, just the way I would want my grandparents to be treated. Check-in was quick and painless. Security guard was around keeping a set of eyes on the courtyard which is kinda nice.Room was clean with modern furniture and a comfy bed. Some good premium channels were available for free (Showtime, etc)I was hungry and grabbed some food at the 24hr Denny's right next door. Food wasn't great, but hey, it's Denny's. At least there is something available 24hrs which this New Yorker appreciates. I was pleasantly surprised with the continental breakfast this morning. Fresh fruit, yogurt, 3 types of cereal, waffles, muffins, toast, milk, and OJ! I didn't have to suffer through another Denny's meal! Oh, and the WiFi is stellar! For the price and area, I am leaving extremely satisfied. Great job, guys!
1	Perhaps I've been spoiled by staying in less scary hotels, but a night at this La Quinta hones your survival instinct. From the well used smell, decor and the bags or garbage, empty pizza boxes and cigarettes strewn liberally around the facility, to the random 'visitors' huddled beneath stairwells using the wifi and electricity, it feels like a physiological test. Half expecting a 1am wake-up from arguments I went to sleep with earplugs in but they were little use for the volume of anger being expressed. The extra unexpected challenge of a5am wake up to the 90 minute long chanting session by an extremely wired individual definitely makes you want for protection or sit up in a martial-arts defensive postion. Something similar happened the last time I stayed at a La Quinta. And no I'm not the random weirdo making the noise at 5am.
5	For less then $100 a night you really can not beat this place
4	After reading all the reviews The Roosevelt was everything I had expected- beautiful hotel from the exterior and also the main lobby area were very grand and luxurious looking. The staff in the main lobby bar were very friendly and couldn't do enough for you. The rooms were lovely and had everything we needed. Hot water was never ending regardless of the time of day. The only thing I was surprised about was the attitude of the front desk staff. Not that they were rude but upon checking in, asking any questions and checking out I don't think one of them cracked a single smile and it was almost like you were inconveniencing them by just speaking to them. It's a shame as they are supposed to be the face of the hotel and they let the hotel down in this way. The location was fantastic though, 10 min walk away from Time Square, Broadway, Empire State, Central Park and countless pubs and restaurants on your doorstep.
4	Excellent location of the hotel. Near metro, near Phoenix  blvd with world famous stars. The cost corresponds to the quality. Near many good restaurants where you can eat tasty and inexpensive. From the window is visible inscription "Phoenix"
5	The air conditioner was very noisy and the cover was broken. We had a leaky faucet in the bathroom that needed repair.
5	renovation is almost done, but you don't see much or hear any noise, pool is perfect, lobby is really nice, Elevator needs some renovation but it does not really matter, rooms are very clean, no free wifi , not much food option close by if you want to walk. air conditioning was a bit noisy I have some videos if someone wants to hear how noisy it was , friendly staff , parking 35 which is a bit much, no other options though , good location,
