5	Wow. This tiny slice of gelato heaven is next to La Grande Orange. I don't even much of a sweet tooth and I'm thinking about it at 3:00 AM.  The place is run by an Italian couple who obviously know their stuff -- the gelato is magical.  The pistachio is amazing. Peanut butter -- amazing. Anything with chocolate -- amazing. Fresh fruit gelato? Amazing. Lunge for any daily-special flavors. Try it all. Keep going back. Arlecchino is relentless.
5	An amazing little gelato upstart opened this Spring.  It's located right next door to La Grande - with a connecting door, no less.  The owners are a friendly Italian couple recently relocated from LA.  The gelato is made fresh every day - not with mixes like a few other places in town.  Check this place out before it's overrun by new converts!
5	Stop whatever it is you are doing right now and go to Arlecchino. The gelato there is so delicious you will lick your little plastic bowl clean. (Or maybe I just like to hope others do that to make myself feel less ridiculous.) The guy who told me about Arlecchino said a friend of his from Italy had come to visit him and said the gelato at Arlecchino was better than any he had eaten at home. Now that's a recommendation! I spent about a month in Italy and got in some quality gelato experiences (my rule was one gelato a day...minimum..."When in Italy..."). I have to agree that Arlecchino more than stacks up. I can only recall one gelato experience that was on par with Arlecchino's. The rest, well, I certainly would not say I regret having those gelato interludes, but they did not take me where Arlecchino takes me.  As a matter of fact, I've convinced myself to go there right now...Ciao!
5	One word: PISTACHIO...in all its glory...no need to say more.
5	Very good gelato. Maybe not as good as Angel Sweet (I am nothing if not loyal), but close. Arlecchino is made fresh from scratch daily. It reveals everything else for the artificial-flavoring-using imposters that they are. The fact that the owners are transplants from Italy is very impressive. Their Cortina flavor (roasted almond with lingonberry) should be on the list of 1000 to Do Before You Die. It's THAT good.
5	I have not had any other gelato before so I don't have anything to compare this to, but it is DELICIOUS.  I read about this place in the New Times and decided to give it a try and I am glad I made the trip.  I definitely will be going back to try all 18 flavors.They do let you sample two flavors for free which is nice and they cheerfully decode the Italian names so you know what you are ordering.    As it is attached to La Grande Orange parking can be a pain if you go during peak hours, but it is so worth it.  They do ask that you spend $10 if you want to use your debit/credit card so be prepared with cash if you are going solo and only plan on getting a couple of scoops.  Or consider it a challenge to eat $10 worth and still be able to walk to your car.
5	For those who have been to the Gelato Spot, I have to say that Arlecchino which I discovered before the New Times article and is easy to locate but difficult to stop by (thanks to LGO's popularity) has to be the best gelato I have ever tasted. The owner's passion for his product can definitely be tasted and is amazing. He uses fresh fruits is originally from Italy (and you can only help but notice). What I really enjoy about going there is the passion and pride you can see in the owner's work. If only parking was easier it would be an even bigger hit.
5	Oh, YUM YUM YUM!  I couldn't decide between a few flavors and settled on vanilla mint and loved it.  I need to go back and have the peach.  I was stuffed so couldn't order more than a small... there's always next time!
3	Ok, so I went to this Gelato shop after reading the article in the New Times. I tend not to stray very far from tempe, but made an exception. I would say the Gelato was ok, but I honestly could not differentiate between another Gelato I had recently and this one. We tried 3 different Gelatos, and yeah they were good, but I don't believe it lived up to all the hype it's received recently.Disclosure: I am not a big fan of deserts to begin with. I think my taste buds are more in tune with pizza and beer.
4	Does Arlecchino have the best gelato in Phoenix?  Yes, undoubtedly.  Especially love the chocolate and coffee flavors which are particularly intense.I'm all for small independent places, but wish that Arlecchino  would be a bit more generous in the way they treat customers-  extra surcharge for the pistachio is kinda cheesy...will they be looking to give me back a quarter if I pick a flavor with non-imported ingredients?-  limiting people to only 2 tasting takes away from that friendly feeling
4	Most authentic Italian Gelato in town!
2	Based on the reviews from some of the people, I would have to disagree. The gelato is not that great. I'm a little perplexed by the near unanimous 5 stars. I seriously don't think these people in Phoenix haven't ventured past AZ state border. I've had gelato here, and I thought I was eating Coldstone.
5	So I am gonna be honest, I have only had one flavor, but it was worth going back for, and you know parking is no fun on that corner, dont let that stop you, there are a lot of cool things to check on that same corner, so grab a scoop or two or three and walk around, its awesome, So the flavor I tried was called Valentino, I KNOW, That's what I said! So you can t blame me for picking that without knowing what was in it, it had to be good to be called that, after my first taste, I  believe I passed out because next thing you know I am on the floor being helped up by my friend...Okay total exaggeration but pretty damn close. So I had to know what the heck was in this Gelato, so its some pomegranate and rose petal infused thing, anyways, go there! Oh and the flavor was a seasonal thing, so just ask and ask every time you go, maybe they will make it a standard flavor.
5	I would give the gelato six stars if I could. Yum. Every batch is made from scratch, unlike other gelato joints in town, and the difference is obvious. I've tried just about every flavor there- except pistachio, because I hate pistachios- and they have all been exceptional. Try the Vesuvio- available only on Friday and Saturday. While it is more expensive than the other flavors, it will leave you craving more.  It may be expensive compared to ice cream, but there's a reason for that. Ice cream could never be this good.
5	The very best food has magical properties and one of the most remarkable is the ability to instantly transport you to another place and time.  Every time I dig into my first bite of gelato at Arlecchino Gelateria, I am transported back to Vivoli Gelato in Florence, Italy.  Make no mistake about it.  The gelato at Arlecchino is the real deal.  It's the same gelato you get in the very best artisanal gelaterias of Italy.The fantastic gelato at Arlecchino is the work of Moreno Spangaro, a masterful small artisan producer who makes every batch from scratch.  It's no wonder that his product is so authentic.  Moreno hails from Trieste, Italy and he learned his craft by apprenticing for nearly two years with Fabio Sacchetto, his "maestro."   Moreno understand that a phenomenal product only results from the best and freshest ingredients.  He only uses fresh, organic fruits when they're in season and at their height of ripeness.  He relies heavily upon "McClendon's Select" for the best of the bounty that Arizona has to offer.  He doesn't overlook the non-fruit varieties either.  For example, he has his own mix of different chocolates because every one has different properties that result in a complex final chocolate flavor.You MUST taste the gelato at Arlecchino to understand how fantastic it truly is.  They offer a limited selection of only the freshest flavors each day.  You may find classics such as Coffee, Nocciola, Pistacchio (made from 100% pure Sicilian pistachios from Bronte, Italy; it costs a few cents more per scoop and it's TOTALLY worth it!), Nutella, Stracciatella, and seasonal fruits.  The also offer original creations such as Cortina, which always reminds me of the charming Alpine village itself.  You're really in luck if they have the Peanut Butter or Dulce de Leche when you visit.  I just had the Valentino and it was complex and amazing because it's an infusion of pomegranate, berries, rose petals and lavender.  Moreno runs his tiny gelateria with his wife Marina.  You will often find one or both of them behind the counter.  Some might consider the decor of the shop to be a bit a minimalist, but no detail is overlooked at Arlecchino.  The shop is purposely simple and elegant to avoid any distraction from the beauty of the gelato itself.The parking around Arlecchino can be a nightmare because it's next to La Grande Orange Grocery/Pizzeria and Postino is in the building behind it.  Don't despair and keep looking for a space because the gelato at this place is totally worth the extra effort. If you want gelato, come to Arlecchino for an amazing experience.  Skip the other gelato joints in town because they're peddling pre-fab gelato bases and canned flavorings.
3	I finally tried this place and honestly it tastes like other good gelato shops.  The hassle of the parking lot and rude drivers just gives me anxiety.  I'd rather not get stressed out before I try to enjoy dessert.   The next time I eat at La Grande Orange I might stop in for dessert but I don't see myself making a special trip.
5	The best effing gelato I have ever had. Period.Anyone who tells you it tastes like Gelato Spot is high.  Arlecchino will never use artificial flavors in their gelato.Parking is a bit of a PITA, but Arlecchino's gelato is well worth it.And if you like chocolate, you must try Arlecchino's chocolate gelato.  It's one of the best chocolate anythings you will ever have.In addition to having the best gelato, Arlecchino also has the best, super-friendly and very cool owners and staff.
5	Took the mom and sister here for a cool down today and WOW! I had the Vesuvio, which had the ability to literally fill my mouth with flavor bursting from each little paddle full of goodness. Thankfully I chose the single scoop, because honestly it was so rich that I probably  would have gone in to an embarrassing moaning fest if there had been any more in my cup. Mom had the Light Mint Chip - a refreshing choice on such a hot summer day. Sister brazenly went for two scoops of Caffe Espresso paired with Chocolate.  Other than the much discussed PITA parking situation complements of LGO, there was not a single deterrent from the perfection of this experience.
5	I've been a huge fan of this little shop for quite a while. Ever since I saw them on the news and when down and had their gelato and talked to the owners, I knew there was something special here. This place is owned by a lovely and very nice couple who are passionate about what they do. The husband learned the art of making gelato from a master in Italy. You can taste the quality ingredients he uses. Their pistachio flavored gelato is like no other place I've been to. The reason they were on tv a while back is because he made a white truffle(mushroom) gelato for a local chef. I mentioned seeing the spot on tv and he offered me a taste of his creation. It was deep and musky like truffles are but paired expertly with the sweetness and texture of the gelato. A true master of his craft if you ask me. Highly recommended.
3	here's the deal: if you come here expecting berthillon, you will be disappointed.  if you come here expecting very fine american style gelato, you'll probably leave very very happy.  i came somewhere in the middle---i recognize that i can't get a certain quality of gelato this side of the atlantic, but i was expecting a little bit more.  the choc was milk choc.  gelato ought to be made with dark choc.  i'm not sure i'd trust the fruity gelato, knowing it won't compare to france/italy.  but, i bet the nutella is great---i'll try that next time!
4	Being a long time devotee of the Gelato Spot, I never gave this place a shot.  I must admit, the Marscapone gelato was very good.   I probably won't switch from Gelato Spot because parking is so much more convenient at 32nd & Camelback.  However, the next time I am out for a walk in the area or am in the mood for a sweet treat after dinner at Postino or LGO, I will definitely pop in.
5	I can't help but laugh at reviewers who spent 5 days in Italy and think this qualifies them to know more about gelato than someone who spent most of his life there(Arlechhino's owner). And additionally spent over a year learning from a (Italian) master gelato maker (in Italy) for no pay.Really, ignore those fools. Arlecchino still makes the best effing gelato I've ever had. Anywhere.And anyone who tells you it tastes just like any other gelato has a broken brain.  Or tongue. Or both. Or is possibly high on crack. Or maybe employed by Gelato Spot. Take your pick.P.S.  the owners and staff are awesome.
5	Non c'e nessun altra gelateria chi lo fa come Maestro Spangaro, specialmente in Arizona. Per fare cualcosa in un modo straordinario, ha bisogno di parlare bene un altra lingua: quela di la vera qualita'. Morenola parla, e la parla bene! Si c'e qualcuno chi no puo riconoscere l'arte che si fa ogni giorno a Arlecchino, non c'e nessun altra cosa che puo fai vedere la luce. Sento cantare a Mina Mazzini cuando mangio il gelato al pistacchio, affogato (santa pace!) preparato per il maestro.Grazie Moreno e Marina! Mi manchi terribilmente :) Aspetto sentire cuando arriva ancora il tartufo bianco d'Alba!!A DavilaEnglish Translation:This gelato is as good as the finest and most reputable gelaterie in Italy.
5	We stopped by after the Yelp Elite Event at Radio Milano (and about a dozen others had the same idea).  This was my first experience with Gelato, and it was great!  The portion size was just right, and it was fairly reasonably priced.  I'll be back soon enough, and maybe I'll get a little more adventurous in my flavor selection than mint chocolate...
5	There seems to be a bit of debate going on between the existing Arlecchino reviewers: is Arlecchino's gelato better or worse than the gelato in Italy? Well, that's sort of like asking whether the cheese steaks at a highly-rated cheese steak shop in L.A. run by an individual born and raised in Philadelphia are better than the ones you get in Philadelphia. The answer is that every  food's place of origin has businesses that make it well and places that make it not so well. Therefore, while it's probable that Italy and Philadelphia have *more* places that make better gelato and cheese steaks, respectively, there are certainly places elsewhere in the world that make these products superbly, especially if the owners are themselves authentic, as well as dedicated to their craft. Being an Italophile myself, I always love discovering restaurants and food destinations run by Italians. 9 times out of 10, their product will be memorable and will remind me of the best version I had while in Italy (I've spent 9 months there over 5 visits). Arlecchino is no exception. The owner is Italian (you can still hear the accent), and he makes all of his gelatos from scratch, with the passion you would expect from an individual whose native culture centers around fresh, delicious, and satisfying food. I tried Arlecchino with fellow Yelpers after the Radio Milano Elite event (that restaurant is right across the street). Thank you, Jason W, for the suggestion. I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor I chose (Peanut Butter Chocolate) and found the texture and consistency to be super-authentic. The price was also really reasonable, given what a lot of upscale ice cream/yogurt shops are charging these days. The owner, who was scooping and running the register, seemed personable, and it was so nice to see him so involved with the nuts and bolts of the business. The only downside to my Arlecchino experience was that I didn't get to compare certain flavors to the ones I tried in Italy (hazelnut, pistachio, mixed berry, etc.). Since I ordered peanut butter/chocolate, this inability to compare is definitely my own fault, though, so I won't fault Arlecchino! The owners are doing Italian gelato proud, and that deserves five stars.
5	This is my favorite place for gelato because of its authenticity. The gelato is rich and creamy. Hazelnut is one of my favorites but it is not always available.The fruit gelato is also delicious. The lemon and raspberry are incredibly refreshing for a hot  summer day. The vesuvio flavor is not to be missed.The only criticism I have is that parking is difficult. The lot is shared with La Grande Orange and is often crowded.
1	WHAT ARE YOU DOING? NO PICTURES YOU STUPID TOURIST BITCH!Okay, maybe she didn't say the "stupid tourist bitch" part, but it was in her eyes! Her eyes were like evil little pegs stabbing me in the heart. I loathe you gelato scooper lady.What was I thinking, taking pictures of the gelato sign outside? I didn't realize I was breaking some secret gelato code: no photos of the gelateria, or else ye shall be verbally lashed in front of ten(s) of people. WE DON'T WANT PEOPLE TO HAVE PICTURES OF OUR GELATO! YOU STOP IT NOW!Um, okay. Why the fuck not?YOU WILL TRY TO STEAL OUR RECIPES!Oh, I get it. I can deduce a recipe simply by LOOKING at gelato. Wow, I am a fucking genius. YOU CAN HAVE PICTURES FROM OUR WEBSITE.Okay, now I am pissed off. And I haven't had any gelato yet. First, she cockblocks my photographing skillz. Then, she tells me I may be a gelato-recipe-stealing thief. And now, she's "graciously" offering me pictures from their website as a consolation. Gee. THANKS!By this point, I've mentally committed myself to hating their gelato. And thankfully, their gelato did not change my mind. It was mediocre, unflavorful, and slightly watered down. Hey gelato lady, I didn't want pictures of your second-rate gelato anyway. Take that!
5	There's a reason the pistachio gelato costs most than any other flavor; it's freakin' awesome. Rarely does pistachio gelato taste so warm, buttery and smooth.  The roasted pistachios are imported from sicily for this mix. All I can say is HEAVEN. And.. I'm not ususally a big pisatchio fan. This place is not to be missed - especailly after having the fabulous pizza next door.They also offer creative mixed flavors such as Valentino, a combination of pomegranate, rose petals, lavender and dry berries.
5	Initially, I was hesitant to eat gelato here.  I have not had a good experience  with gelato since I left Italy.  I am not usually motivated enough to get gelato as I am quite full after dinner.  Arlecchino Gelateria makes me motivated!  Simply put, the best Gelato in Arizona. The other night I went in for Gelato.  After I ordered, I realized that I had left my wallet at home.  Before I could offer to go grab it, the owner told me to pay him next time.  I am sure it was because he recognized me as I frequent his shop; however, this act motivated me to write a review.  It was a small act of generosity that had an overwhelming effect.  I am officially sold!  Not only is the Gelato Amazing, the service is outstanding!
5	Mmmmm yum. This gelato is all made from a secret recipe, and for good reason too! It is creamy, delicious, and freshly made every morning! A friend recommended this place by saying "You HAVE to go to that gelato place in Phoenix" to which I asked "What is it called?" and she replied "I have no idea ... but it's just as good as Italy's gelato or even better!"And I have to say, it is preeeeeeetttttyyy darn good. Two of my friends were chatting away while I silently cherished my gelato. By the time they noticed I hadn't been joining in the conversation like usual, I had polished off my little gelato cup! I had two flavors packed into that little petal cup -- a delish cherry gelato and a nutella gelato. My friend had blueberry, which was so intensely flavored of blueberries ... it was better than even eating the actual fruit! And our other friend had everything chocolate -- which was two rich flavors that were deep and dark.Arleccchino is a must when you're visiting Arizona, so make sure you stop on by. And a quick trip to La Grande Orange two doors down is a treat too (a smores scone? why yes, please!)
4	This is a great dessert segue way as you wrap up next door at LGO. Lindsay was a delightful server that answered our questions & gave us a few sample tastes. The atmosphere is cute and low key, fits in perfectly, nestled in between LGO & MJ Bread/Tammie Coe Cakes. I had a small portion of Latte & Cortina. Lindsay had recommended the Cortina, which was a good call. Cortina is a special blend of toasted almond with lingoberry's, quite tasty.Something about gelato, makes it a special, refreshing, sweet escape.
5	This place is reason enough to visit Phoenix.  I am not so secretly in love with the guy behind the counter.  He was amazing and happy to tell us all about how he makes every bit of gelato himself.  Can't imagine a better treat after a day in the sun.  It's too bad that I can only give this place 5 stars.
5	Yup  this place is the gold standard for Gelato,I have to say  I love the authentic flavors and  homespun feel to the place.  I had Nutella which tasted like Nutella in a sweet cream base , very  tasty. The youngest had Vanilla Cruch with "waffers" in it, she did not care for it. I also sampled Pistachio which was completely worthy of me revisiting to sample. Downside --Parking  is unbelievable . the lot is tiny for three places to share and on a Sunday afternoon all the places  are using the spots. Also this isn't really near any of the places I venture.How will I find excuses to stop here?
5	OHMYGOD!OhhhhMYgod.I really shed a tear when I realized I found this place on the last night that we were in town.  The guy is a little cocky, but I will take abuse for that Gelato.  Seriously it has a little crack in it.
5	Fresh, creamy and REAL. Forget the franchise kind of business. They do have good and tasty flavors, not the weird snickers, oreo flavors. I had the cioccolato and it was a HIT! And the girl that was behind was very kind and friendly!
3	Much to my dismay, the BF and I stopped in for a gelato fix and there was a new guy behind the counter, the gelato looked different and all the decor was gone. I asked and the surfer dude who was wearing a chef's coat and a knit skull cap while working behind the counter confirmed that the ownership had changed.  Yikes!  He claims the gelato master sold him all the recipes, but I am skeptical. The gelato I had was okay, but nothing like before. I worry that the magic is gone.
