4	I know no one reviews McDonalds, but this drive through is seriously awesome. It has two lanes... and back home, only bums go to Mcdonalds...  but this mcdonald's poppin'!! It's where all the cool kids hang out, and I have no problems giving in to this guilty pleasure.
3	ok so we all know that mcdonalds is awesome. there's nothing i can complain about. EXCEPT that here, they tell you they gave you a straw in your bag but you look in it after you drive away and it's not there. Liars!
2	McDonalds is generally McDonalds.  The food here is fine, but service/atmosphere is lacking.  They seem to have some sketchy clientele (almost saw a fight break out here once).  Also, they have very strict BBQ sauce quotas. Unless you buy mcnuggets or chicken selects, they make you pay for any bbq sauce you want ($0.25/pack); I think it's sort of ridiculous  that you can't get free bbq sauce with your chicken sandwich.
5	It's McDonald's. Enough said. Service can range time to time, but that's expected with fast food. Always make sure you have everything in your bag after ordering, and just go back and ask if not - no big deal. I would recommend the dollar menu, as you can get a McChicken, McDouble, large fries, and a large drink for only $5 total.Here's a tip - If you order any sized value meal, you can upgrade your drink to a large free of charge because all drinks are $1!!!
3	It's not much different from most other McDonald's. Even if they are really busy, I still get my food fast and accurate. Customer service is average.
1	The service is horrendous. Went there numerous times and my orders have been messed up.
1	How do I hate thee? Let me count the ways.Seriously. I hate this McDonalds.I'm obsessed with McDonald's breakfast and I'm a fatty so I come here every morning before class. Out of the million times I've come here, I've gotten the right order THREE TIMES. I'm not exaggerating. I'm DEAD serious.I know it seems confusing why I would continue to come here after all those mess ups but I had no choice since I'm addicted to their breakfast and it's the closest to my classes.Idk if there's an issue with management or with the workers but they need to shape up.
4	I had the number one. It took as long as it normally does for a human being to assemble a Big Mac, put some fries in a container and place it on a tray. The coke from the fountain was fine.After I finished the meal,I went back to the counter and ordered a "mcflurry" which was pretty good as well.Thank goodness for McDonalds. This is why America is awesome.I even used the restroom, which was relatively clean, considering how crowded the place was on a Monday at 2:30 in the afternoon.
3	My first mcdonald when i got to america. The playground smells horrible.
2	Newer store design, relatively clean and quiet store during my visit. Small, simple order took typical amount of time. I seem to always have an issue with the portion sizes of the fries when the fries are freshly cooked.
