4	I used to go there cause I didn't have a family doc. If u are visiting and u need a doc, 24hrs a day, then this is a life saver. It's close to the strip. They don't answer the phone very much at night, but they are open 24/7. I used to work at a hotel on the strip and have sent people there. I worked at night and at 430am, it's nice to be able to get checked out when your not feeling well. Don't expect insight or revelation. Know what u want. The docs will try their best to work with you.
1	If I could... I would seriously give this place 0 stars! THIS IS A MEDICAL CENTER! You are supposed to be acting like doctors, nurses, etc... but I feel like I came to jail or something around that atmosphere. I have something to say about the front desk ladies.. on their faces they have a look of "I don't give a damn". Also, the nurse that called us in with short red spikey hair she had the same look on her face too and was super rude. Very rude service being that they are working at a medical place. I'm surprised I am even writing a review about a medical place.. shouldn't I be reviewing like a restaurant or something?! pathetic... If I was going to UCLA hospital, USC hospital, John Hopkins Hospital or another hospital in the world, they would not give me this kind of bad treatment. I don't know where these assistants/doctors graduated from but they sure don't know what they are doing or how to treat patients in the right manner. My grandpa went to go get a checkup here and the doctor said he was all fine and he did not have to worry about anything anymore. As soon as my grandpa got home, he finds that the doctor made a mistake and we waste gas by driving all the way down there again and that is when all the rude service began to be thrown at us. I suggest or recommend to go to a different medical center / hospital please! I am doing everyone a favor out there. If you are sick or in urgent need.. rude people are the last thing you need to deal with!
1	Oh Avoid this place @ ALL Costs. They will double bill your insurance, run tests that they do not bother to #1 inform you they're running & #2 you cannot get test results even on tests they run. They are very unprofessional & treat you as if you are a hassle to them. You will get billed for $53.00 for going in on Sunday which they consider to be a weekend visit. My son wound up going to Southern Hills Hospital & what a blessing it was to meet Dr. Sondrup & his staff. Dr. Hayes & Dr. Daulat have no business in the medical field. They spent all of 7 minutes with my son on 4 different visits {not the 5 they are billing for}. Honestly, they should be ashamed of themselves & may God have mercy on their souls.
1	ZERO STARS. This is the WORST PLACE EVER.  If you are injured, please do not bother to come here. I was treated so badly here that I also wrote a formal complaint to the office.I split my elbow open while on vacation in Las Vegas.  I slipped at the pool at one of the resorts and wanted to get the nearest urgent care.  Unfortunately this was the first place we found. As if I was not in an incredible amount of pain already, because my elbow was gashed open about 2-3 inches, the front desk receptionist made matters even worse.  These people are by far, the RUDEST, most INCONSIDERATE, UN-PROFESSIONAL, and down-right MEAN people I've ever dealt with.  Especially in a place of medical need, where people are already in pain and agony when they arrive, this is the worst treatment you could get when you walk in.  I stood in a line just to even check in, while I held my elbow (dripping and gushing blood) with a wet pool towel holding it.  There was NO SENSE OF URGENCY.  Even though the receptionist could clearly see me holding my elbow that was profusely bleeding with a wet, already bloody pool towel.  I asked her if there was anyway I could see the Dr. right away since I was losing blood quickly and feeling nauseous. Not even a little sympathy. "NO. You'll have to wait your turn" and she handed me a clipboard with papers to fill out. I looked around the room and no one else in there was in the severity of pain or immediate attention of a doctor.  A couple people with coughs, the lady next to me had a welt on her hand, THAT'S IT.  No one was bleeding or looked in pain. Long story short. After about 1 hour of waiting (maybe longer). I finally was put into a room to wait for the doctor. I waited another 20 mins for him to arrive. He came in told me I need about 3 stitches, as I had told the receptionist that that is what the EMT's at the hotel had told me.  I was taken to another room to have the stitches done.  Waiting another 30 mins. Finally the same doctor came in, gave me the stitches and told me to wait for the nurse to come back in.Waited another 45 mins. I sat there, holding my freshly sewn up elbow with a small guaze pad.  All of the bloody utensils, guaze, and towels sat around me, while I waiting for the nurse.  The nurse came in and told me to hold the guaze, and she wrapped tape around the guaze and told me I could finally leave.I STILL HAD DRIED BLOOD ON MY ARM and laying all around me on dirty and disgusting towels.  She did not clean up my arm by wiping off the blood, left the bloody utensils and towels and walked out.  I was utterly disgusting and so emotionally traumatized (and in a massive amount of pain), that I walked out (with blood still all over my arm) and left. I can't explain how angry, upset, frustrated I felt at that time. I felt as if I had been taken advantage of and treated in the worst possible way.  PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE.  =(
3	its a quick care center that gets you in a out just depends on what time you get there if there will be a wait of not...
5	I see the reviews but I differ and give them five stars . Nice people in front and assistant came out immediately to see laceration toe. My wife recd 5 stitches from the doctor and even gave me a water since hit outside . We will come bck again and I recommend this place .. I'm very picky too. It is now five days since the doctor took care of my wife. No pain and the toe is healing nicely.
5	I have been here several times in the past and was not impressed, however I had to return a couple of weeks ago and I have to say they have improved.  The wait was only 20 minutes to be seen and the staff was super professional and friendly.  The doctor was patient and laughed at my jokes (I'm not that funny either).  For sure, I will return again.
5	I love this place. I have taken my daughter here several times for urgent care. They pay close attention and it definitely helps that it's 24 hrs.
1	This place sent me to collection even though my insurance & I  paid in full on time. Not one bill or phone call and I have lived at the same address for 7 years!!!!! This caused a huge mess for me and staff didn't even care........ Stay away
5	I have been here twice and both times I left feeling better than when I walked in.. staff is quick, pleasant and mostly attentive. the doctor doesn't spend much time with u but, I guess that's why it's considered a "quick care". on my second visit I did need an X-ray so it took a little bit longer which is understandable. I recommend this place to anyone in need of quick care.. locals, tourists, whatever. the fact that they are open 24 hours and take my insurance that I pay for through work.. I have no reason to go anywhere else.
4	24 hour clinic is nice to have available in those just in case moments. Doctor was nice and didnt rush us out. Girls in the front were nice and pretty accurate about our wait time. They answered all my questions before we went in and were very understanding. Definetly a place to come if u need medical attention thats not emergency room warrented
5	Great staff, great environment, everything is pretty modern. Nurses and Doctors are excellent! not to crazy with the wait time.
5	Harmony healthcare partners is amazing. I came here last night with bronchitis and sinus infection and they are efficient and pleasant and expedite you as fast as possible.
1	I just left this place and had to write a review. I wasn't even seen and I am already disappointed. I have severe abdominal pain for two days and thought that I should finally see a doctor. Only facility close to my house that is open 24 hours. I used to work at an urgent care so I know how it works.  The lady in the front didn't even bother to stop what she was doing to even talk to me.  Hello customer service???  I understand you needed to get your work done, but heck have the decency to even look at me when you talk!  I asked her if she was in network with United Health Care (I don't want to be billed out of network) and she said she doesn't know and only takes your insurance. I mean really?  When I worked at an urgent care I knew who was in network and out of network.  I know that the insurance companies are closed on weekends to even answer my question so she should have known.  I was going to take a chance so I decided that I wanted to be seen. I asked her how long the wait is and she told me about two hours because there is only one physician on staff.  It is a Saturday night /  Sunday morning and you can at least have another physician available.  I know for sure I am not coming back here again. It made a bad impression on me.
4	This was my first time here and did not accept my Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance however they did work with me on the cost of the visit, it all depends on what you go there for. My issue was an ongoing 3 day migraine. The front desk ladies were so nice and patience,  the nurses and Doctor were just as kind. I will definitely be back insurance covered or not, the visit and cost was worth it to me. I did have to knock off one star, one of the nurses forgot about me in the exam room for a good 20 mins after my visit but hey, it happens. Lol.
5	24 hour urgent care, I have taken my toddler here when all the Pediatric offices were closed, call ahead and make sure they have a pediatrician on site, or ask when one will be coming on shift, they take my sons insurance and the wait was not bad at all! Very pleased with this office
3	I'd like to start with the doctor saw was great, black hair, New York accent, but the poor woman needs help on a Saturday night!Came in for an issue with my eye, on a Saturday at midnight.  6 others ahead of me, seemingly non-life threatening.  It is now 3:30, one doctor working on a Saturday night in Vegas
1	We did a walk in.  Been here several times before with ok service.  It seems to have been bought out by another company and now it's the worst place ever.  It's been 3 hours now and still 2 people ahead of us.  Funny how the number started at two, then 4, then 1 and now back to 2.  Really????
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE! Please don't waste your time going here if you have any class at all. I entered with my sick little boy. I was told there were only 2 in front of us. After 45 min, we hadn't even been entered in the system yet. People had come and gone! One doctor was working on a finger cut plus another patient while the other doc was seeing appointments only. The place was decorated with gory bloody Halloween decor and looked old. I left and went west down tropicana to Urgent Care Extra. Beautifully decorated and CLEAN!!! New. With a children's video playing. The receptionist input my info while I was filling out paperwork. We were OUTTA THERE within 40 min. The doctor was super nice and understanding.
1	The worst urgent care I have been time. Wait time is 3 hours, the providers cannot handle the small patient load they have and it shows how incompetent the staff and providers are. Thank god these people are not working in hospitals, where they have to handle big cases coz if they cannot handle small patient population with very minor cases how they gonna treat patients in a hospital. Now this place is called health care partners Nevada, do not go there!
3	I had a family member that needed to see a doctor and he didn't have insurance so we decided to go in and try this place out, it was decently priced $100 dolars for no insurance out of town pricing not to bad, the doctor helped him out and seemed to know what he was talking about, the only issue we had was the wait we got there at 8:00 am and there was only two other people there so we thought is was going to be quick, but no soon after we signed in, a few other people walked in with no appointments and just because they had insurance they saw the doctor first! that is just not fair!
