3	I really wanted some ice cream to end my night and I've been eyeing Kate's Korner for years in the South Point.  Finally, I was going to give it a try.  Not too many flavors to choose from but I love strawberry cheesecake ice cream or chocolate with sprinkles with a waffles cone so I was good either way.  The line went pretty quick and I loved that they closed at 1am on saturday night.  $2.50 for a single scoop and $1 extra for the waffle cone.  I will say it looked like I had two scoops so props to them for not being stingy.  The lack of stars is the particular server that got my ice cream for me was one of those push you out quickly type. Basically, tell me what you want, here take it, and yells out "NEXT!" before you get a chance to move out the way.  They serve Dreyers ice cream here.  Not the best brand in my opinion but, eh, it did its job by satisfying my sweet tooth before bed.
4	Kate's Korner Ice Cream Parlor is located in the South Point Hotel and Casino.  The coolest thing is that they are open late - until midnight! So, that's definitely a plus!  (Apparently they may close even later on weekends!)We've been enjoying our free ice cream there for the past three months during our little staycations, courtesy of South Point!  They serve up  Dreyer's ice cream and at $2.50 a scoop, it can seem quite pricey.  But then you see how much they scoop into your cup and it definitely looks like a two scooper!  So you get your money's worth here!Service has been fine each time we went.  They treated us all the same, even with a coupon.  Overall, Kate's Korner satisfied our ice cream cravings!
3	I've only been here a couple of times. Both times, it was because I had a free ice cream courtesy of my South Point coupon book. I've had their pistachio and their strawberry cheesecake. Both were very good. But hey, it's ice cream. You have to try pretty hard to mess up ice cream.
4	Just walking by and seen a milkshake that looked oh so good and haven't had in a long time. It was a orange cream shake and I was craving that. Very good and prices aren't bad at all.
5	Love Kate's Korner!!  Always a must stop to get a one-scoop of ice cream.  I love how they still serve ice cream the old-fashion way, since Rite-Aid and Thrifty are no longer in Vegas :(  They always have my favorite flavors: cookie dough, rocky road, spumoni and mint chocolate chip.  Some of the original flavors of ice cream!!
3	Kate's is in the south point hotel right in front when you come in close to front entrance.Nice little old fashioned looking ice cream shop feel.Prices are kinda high like a 31 flavors. The staff wasn't very friendly and seemed sleepy. I wasn't felling the love but pushed forward to get my chocolate milkshake.Didn't ask what flavor ice cream i wanted to make the shake so I don't really think she cared. Dryers ice cream and it's usually really good. The shake texture was perfect and pretty easy to drink with a straw. Tasted great and fair value. Except for the lazy service, it was good.
4	We found a Kate's Korner in South Pointe and also at the Orleans hotels. They appear to be the same owner and both are excellent. The ice cream is flavorful, Dreyer's, and the locations are convenient. I love a little ice cream after dinner, or late at night, and this is perfect.
4	came here originally because I got a free scoop from a spin promotion playing slots. I am glad I tried the place out that day instead of giving away the comp.  It is a very good ice cream shop. Very basic in styling with a few small tables to sit at. The sccops are generous t and they have all your fancy cones and cups. I like the Ice cream flavors better than Baskin Robbins (I only wish Kate's Korner had those clown cones). Its perfect for the summer or a warm day. Always friendly employees  which makes my 3.5 star review get rounded up to to 4. It is right next door the Seattle Best coffee and shares the same seats near the main lobby next to the Valet.  On multiple occasions my stroke of genius  had me get  espresso from Seattles Best and create Affogato from Kate's Korner.  I am a fan.
4	Sometimes you find gems in the weirdest of places. During the PBR my sister and brother-in-law were in town and they were keeping their bulls at Southpoint Casino, so inevitably I ended up here with them one night. As my sister and I were walking around aimlessly we saw this ice cream parlor and decided we would share a scoop.The place is very unassuming, tucked in away from the slots next to a Seattle's Best Coffee. It's really just a simple ice cream shop offering up Dreyer's Ice Cream while also doing the usual - banana splits, sundaes, and shakes. My sister and I opted for a scoop of Mocha with Almonds. We almost considered getting two scoops, but then were glad we did not. They are quite generous. There are tables to sit at and eat your ice cream, which we did. However, a lot of the tables had not been cleaned off so I'm not sure who's responsibility that is... the ice cream parlor, Seattle's Best, the customer? Besides that small issue we enjoyed the ice cream.
5	Nice little ice cream place. Great local spot for some good ice cream.
4	Halfway through my massive banana split, I'm prompted to review. Sure, it's a tiny stand serving Dreyer's with a small menu. Yeah, I waited in line for a bit.But service was prompt, and this mountain of ice cream and cherries and bananas and fudge was only $5.50. Being able to zip into the valet, grab a huge dish of ice cream like 20 feet inside the door, and then barely pay more for the snack than I'll tip the valet is certainly worth four stars.
4	Very nice to have this ice cream parlor in South Pointe Resort and Casino when traveling with a family.  The kids were very excited.  Quite a bit of flavors to choose from although my girls decided to be plain and tried the two vanilla flavors.  I split the Kona Coffee ice cream with grandma.  The servings are huge especially for the price you pay for it!   For a single scoop which is more like a double scoop at other ice cream shops, you can definitely share with someone.  A great find and worth checking out!!
5	My go-to place for ice cream because of their friendly staff, pricing, and large scoops of ice cream.
4	The ice cream was very tasty, but I was surprised to find out it was Thrifty brand ice cream instead of Dreyers. Since the flavor cards say it's Dreyers, it should be Dreyers. The ice cream cartons say Thrifty Ice Cream on them.
