3	New location in the McCarran Marketplace. The place is heavily staffed due to the grand opening and everyone is there to make sure your experience is top notch. The interior is nice and modern but very loud and the echoes are quite bad in this space; needs acoustical panels on the ceiling. I consider this somewhat of a fast food option but overall the quality is pretty decent for what it is. They also have Patron margaritas for ~7 dollars should the mood strike you.
5	Clean, fast and fresh. Decor is slightly updated as it is a new location but with the same modern minimalist feel. Nothing else to say, chipote never does me wrong lol :)
3	I really like Chipotle and my experience eating at other Chipotle restaurants is usually well. This location just opened up near my school which I THOUGHT was very convenient especially since I can order off my phone and select a time to pick it up...So today a group of classmates and I ordered food for pick up and selected pick up time for 1:30. It was ready as soon as we got there which was good. So we sat down ready to eat. I ordered a burrito bowl with brown rice, no beans, fajitas, chicken, corn salsa, fresh tomato salsa, sour cream, cheese and guac. My classmate ordered a chicken bowl with brown rice, black beans, corn salsa, fresh tomato salsa, sour cream, cheese & lettuce. Whoever made our order got it completely wrote. My bowl not only had beans in it but it had both pinto & black. Ummm.. Wtf?! Also it didn't have the fajitas. My classmates bowl had what seemed to be my missing fajitas but his bowl had no beans. So I'm guessing whoever made our bowls wasn't paying attention to what he or she was doing. Whatever. Easy mistake when it's busy right? Although I've been to busier Chipotles and have never had my order messed up.Anyways, we realized our bowls were wrong & immediately brought them up to the front. The girl at the cash register was extremely rude. Clearly she was ignoring us as we stood in front of her for a good 2 minutes and she not once acknowledged us until I said EXCUSE ME. When I told her our bowls were messed up she sighed and rolled her eyes. Great customer service! NOT! She told one of her coworkers who came to help us. She was very nice & right away made is new bowls in the correct way. As for that other girl, learn to have some customer service!! Aside from the messed up order and rude employee the place is clean. There's plenty of places to sit inside & out. It's a chipotle so it gets busy during lunch. The shopping area in general is always busy.
4	I commend this place for their attempts at making this place a more viable for vegans/vegetarians.They changed to way they make their pinto beans so it doesn't contain bacon anymore.They've also offered a new type of Sofritas, basically flavored tofu, that you can substitute for your dead animal corpse. However, I always like to brag that it's cheaper for me to get a no-meat burrito with guacamole and not have to pay extra, but with the Sofritas it comes out to extra. Why am I paying the price of meat for tofu that is waaaayyyy cheaper for damn sure? Sorry Sofritas, you're not that damn good.The service here is always great, the workers are very nice and work really quick. This place is new and I hope the positive atmosphere stays with this particular location.
1	This joint is very disorganized.  Looked like a Chinese fire drill behind the counter.  The worst chipotle I've ever been to. This location is to small to handle lunch crowd.
2	I am usually a big Chipotle fan, but I am not sure what they were going for at this location.   It was freezing with cold blasts of air conditioning beating down on us, the music coming from the speaker box around the drink station was so loud you could not even hear the person at your own table, and the chairs were uncomfortable (no booths here).  As for the food, they were out of brown rice and fajita veggies; and the chips were stale and lacked the usual salty lime bite I love.  The staff was nice but seemed a little confused.  All in all, I will still hit up Chipotle regularly, but I doubt I will return to this location.
5	How can you go wrong with chipotle. This location is always clean. The staff is really nice and friendly.
5	So glad to have one just down the street now!Even though this place is always jam packed at lunch the staff handles it fantastically. They're always friendly no matter how busy and always pay attention to their customers. The indoor and outdoor seating is great on the cool days. I look forward to visiting frequently.
2	Terrible...empty dining room, food cold, no love in this franchise location like the NLV location...it's 6 pm and empty...ace your appetite for a different location.
