3	If you are hungry, this is an okay place to stop. The food isn't amazing but hey its pretty good and healthy for fast foodish food. It doesn't have the best food ever but its pretty good.
4	Whitest Chinese food you'll ever eat! Still pretty good though.
2	Not a fan of Panda Express. I just don't like processed food. You can have fast food that's fresh, think Chipotle. Panda Express beats out a hamburger joint on a health scale, but it's not much better.
1	The man with tatoo on the neck gave me Less food,maybe cause i m asian in line, Portion size very little at this Panda.
3	Panda Express seems to be close to the same everywhere. It's good for fast food and close to where I live. Clean, fast, and inexpensive, but not unique.
3	I usually love this location. But today, they lost a star. They are promoting their NEW Peppercorn Shrimp, right... Well, I go to order it and the employee (who must be new because I've never seen her at this location) bluntly says "We are all out." No apologies. No suggestions of anything else. Just a blank stare. Really? This is a new item and you run out? You don't stock enough? When has Panda Express run out? It's not even 6:00pm on Saturday! The rush hour has just begun!! So I'm now a bit irritated and finish ordering, struggling to decide on the last entree. (It was SUPPOSED to be the NEW peppercorn shrimp.) I'm ordering for a big family of 5 so I'm spending close to $50, OK! So after I give payment she informs me that she won't fix my order until the food is ready. (2 of the stocked items I ordered were not cooked.) OK. Well. That's cool, I guess. Except for the fact that your warming trays are NOT stocked with food and it's 6:00 pm! Saturday rush hour! You KNOW this!As I sit here typing this, there's a line out the door.This is why I advise people to avoid Saturday at retail and chain places, or anywhere popular for that matter. Didn't listen to my own advice today. Boo me. Boo Panda Express.I ordered a large drink, since I have to wait and all. You would think they would offer a free drink for all my troubles. Not today. Again...Didn't listen to my own advice.At least the food is hot and fresh. That's the silver lining. If it weren't for that and the fact that this location has been good to excellent before this experience, it would have had 2 stars instead of 3.Order is up. Took 10 min. It better be right. It better be good. I've got hungry mouths to feed. Later!
4	its good and we still go back from time to time
2	So I've been to this location several times. The first time-no problem, the last two times there have been problems-mostly communication. I really don't have time to teach English while placing my order. Also, plan ahead- don't wait to make chow mein and rice when you've already run out. We purposely sat at a table while chow mein was made so they didn't give us the dried out looking old chow mein in the bowl. Lastly, act like you care about what you're doing. The staff the last couple of times just seemed so Stepford Wife about it all-going through the motions without any idea of the purpose. They seem to run out of the popular items a lot. Again, planning ahead would be a plus. When there are commercials out about new items on the menu, people are going to order them, so let's try having some prepared.
2	Panda Express, I wish I could quit you! Especially after I stupidly keep coming back to this location. The staff here can't multi-task. When they try to, that's when people's food starts to get mixed up and down and around. Let's focus on one person at a time. That's great that you want to help 10 people at a time but again the staff can't handle that. Especially Jesus, good luck at successfully telling him you'd like a 3 item entree. *slow blinks* He's way too flustered. You guys write what I want on my container so why do I constantly have to remind you for the third item like 5 times? The last time I was here there was nobody else and I waited too long to get service. We were acknowledged by a staff member sweeping but....................I guess his brain wasn't sending signals to his feet that day to walk over immediately to take our order.  Eventually something clicked up there that paying customers were waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting to get service. OMG
2	Craving Chinese, so we went back to this location today. Chow Mein bowl is threads away from being empty, but do you think they were making any? NO. Same thing happened the last time I was here. I think they may need to install some type of monitor to let the cooks know when the Chow Mein is almost gone. The young lady serving the food was very nice, but she was literally doing everything while the 2 cooks  just stared at the food cooking...and by food, I don't mean Chow Mein. When we first got there we were the only ones in line. By the time we left there was a line 7 deep...know what they were waiting for? CHOW MEIN. To the owners/managers of this particular franchise. You really should read what people are writing. The food tastes good, but honestly I will drive a little further to get better service, or at least Chow Mein that is made with some forethought.
