4	Apparently, Pig N Out is the drive through version of Waldo's Bar B Que.  They have "Pig" sandwiches, pulled pork, brisket and chicken.  I had the brisket.  It was honestly, the juiciest brisket I have EVER had in my life.  It was wonderful.  There was even a little bit of burnt end in mine... YUM!  I'm not a fan of pork, but my friend said it was very good. The potato salad was pretty good.  The cole slaw was a sweet style that is not my favorite, but it was ok.  It had way too much dressing though.  I especially liked the sauce.  It was just spicy enough with a good touch of smoke and sweet.  They served mine on the side.  I don't know if that is par for the course or not because my friend ordered hers on the side, but it was DELICIOUS.  The meats were perfect.... and that's why you go to a BBQ place, right?   That combined with excellent sauce and the really good prices earns Pig N Out more of my business.  It's nice to see an old taco stand being put to good use.
3	I really struggled between 2 stars and 3 stars but ultimately decieded on three because of the quality of the food, however, I have a huge disclaimer when it comes to portion size.  My dad and I noticed this place about a week or so ago and I've been dying to try it so we did.  I had read the reviews about the portion size but it was a huge let down.  I will start this by saying I know that most BBQ is on the rather pricey side given the time that goes into making it.  So when we came across what seemed to be a reasonably priced BBQ joint, I was excited.I orderd a pulled chicken sandwich ($3), a brisket burrito ($3), and a side of cowboy beans ($1).  I believe the total for that was $7.  My first issue was when I asked what exactly made up the "cowboy beans" as im not a huge fan of heat when it comes to sides and the guy at the counter replied "It's just baked beans" which to me meant sweet, soft beans.  Opened up the container and first thing I see is green chili chunks.  Now, the beans were fine and not too spicy but when I customer asks what all is in a dish/side dish/menu item, its probably best to make sure you name the ingredients. Second issue was that calling the Brisket Burrito a burrito is a huge over statement.  Mini burrito is much more accurate.  I got three, maybe four bites and thats all she wrote. At $0.75 to $1.00 a bite, itd be nice to get a little more than something smaller than most granola bars.Parking was also a huge pain with three spots jammed in front but they do have more parking on the sides and a drive thru as well.The Pulled chicken sandwich was good but again small, little better value than the burrito. Good in taste and BBQ sauce was on the side.The good points of this trip were the size of the Pork ribs (giant really, after seeing the "burrito" I couldn't believe how big the ribs were), the brisket (which hands down was the best I've ever had) and the BBQ sauce (which they gave us about 8 mini containers of.  It was sweet but still had a bit of a kick to it and I will likely go back just because I want to get some of that sauce to try on my own grilling.Overall, they need some work on the descriptions of their food, portion sizes, and better sides (mac and cheese should be a must for any BBQ joint).  Gave it one "$" because you can (and we did, much to our shegrin) get out of there for under $10 per person, but do yourself a favor and order more than you think you might eat, then it might be about right.I'll probably give these guys at least one more chance when I go to get some of their BBQ sauce but I may give them a month or two to try and get things worked out.
4	If the app would let me I'd give this little hidden gem a 4.5. For the price, it's some of the best BBQ in Phoenix. Nothing at Waldo's is over 4 bucks! Large drinks are $1.00. It's perfect for the Moon Valley residents. Fast drive through and tremendous sauce. I got the Brisket Sandwich. Warning...portions aren't huge. I also got the "pig" burrito. Moist pulled pork. So for $7.00, I got an awesome meal and diet coke. Oh yeah, the menu price is the actual price. They pay the sales tax! Im going back tomorrow! (No I'm not a friend of theirs. Driving by and saw it around 7th St and Hatcher. Little place... From Waldo's bbq in Mesa.)
5	I was driving up 7th Street yesterday when I spied an old friend: Waldo's BBQ. I used to spend a lot of time in Mesa and ate at Waldo's Mesa location often. Discovering a Waldo's within 10 minutes of my house was as if the food gods were smiling down on me.Waldo's Pig-N-Out location is set up a little different than their Mesa location: Pig-N-Out caters to the take-out and drive-through crowd. I ordered the Pig Sandwich and Cole Slaw. The bill was a measly four bucks. Granted, the size of the sandwich was a little smaller than the super-sized portions that ordinary fast food joints are pushing. If you have a big appetite you may want to order two.  For me (and my wife as well) the sandwich and slaw made a perfectly-sized meal.  And it was 4 bucks!Waldo's uses their own unique sauce.  It's different from most BBQ joints.  My wife raved about the flavor and the fact that the sauce is served on the side so you can put on as much or little as you want.If you like BBQ I strongly suggest you try Waldo's for their unique flavor.  I know that I'm going to be visiting Waldos very frequently.
5	I love BBQ and Waldo's Pig-n-Out satisfied that crave. I see the reviews regarding the small portions, but apparently they now have a large sandwich which has double the meat. The pork sandwich was $6 and the brisket was $7. I got the large and it was plenty for me. That is still very reasonable for BBQ. I would say it is more of a take out place. The sauce is really good, the kind I like.I would recommend this place to everyone and I hope everyone goes so it will stay in business. I see the are open for breakfast, too.
4	I drove by this place last week, and it looked inviting, so I swung by today. Overall it was delicious. You know when people say meat "falls off the bone"? The meat on the ribs here literally fell off the bone; I had do ask for a fork as a result. The sauce was very tasty; its in a squeeze bottle and I wanted it to have been warm, rather than room temperature, but my tastebuds didn't seem to care. It was very clean, reasonably priced, and the service was friendly. I'd return by myself, and with others.
5	Lets see, you live in north central Phoenix, you love good BBQ and you haven't stopped at Waldo's on 7th St. yet. What the hells the matter with you? It's right there across the street from the post office on Mountain View. Go in there, and for five stinking dollars, you can get a pig sandwich, a side of beans and a drink. For a couple of bucks more try one of the ribs on a bone. You can thank me later.
3	Contrary to the big red banner at the top of the page, Waldo's Pig N Out is very much open.The meat is good. The sauce is good. The bread - a small piece of a baguette - is the weak link to this place. Baguettes don't have the proper structure for a BBQ sandwich, and you end up with more meat and sauce on the table than in the bread. Hold off on the sandwiches and buy the meat by weight, and get some buns at the convenience store on the way home.
5	Great barbeque at a super reasonable price! My current favorite for take-away 'cue.Try the brisket or the hot links, both are excellent with deep smoky sweetness. Sides are good, too.
5	I've been across the states a couple of times in my life, all the while eating as much food (mainly BBQ) as possible. I've never had a juicier pulled pork sandwich in my life as I've had at Waldo's off 7th street. It has the perfect amount of smoke flavor and you have to add your own BBQ sauce so it makes the sandwich that more personable. Speaking of their BBQ sauce, it's a sweet tangy combination of divinity that they make in house and sell by the mason jar. All of the sides are made from scratch as well. The service is amazing, fast, and very cheap for the amount of food you receive. I recommend any and all to go grab a pig or brisket sandwich from Waldo's and float on BBQ cloud 9!
5	Waldos by far is one of the best bbq spots in Arizona for sure. Not only is the food great but the service is always exceptional as well. I would recomend this anyone passing by the area!!! It is amazing all the way from its ownership to its food!
4	Small, three tables in, three or more tables out, ample parking, clean and neat. The young lady that took our order at the counter was nice and explained the menu items as I asked. We sat down and the food was brought to us in minutes. As they also have a drive up window, the service is very fast. Wife had a brisket sandwich with sweet potato fries. Decent size sandwich and fresh hot fries. I had the sampler with three ribs, double brisket and a side of cowboy beans. Both of us had iced tea. This was served on foil on a paper wrapper on a deep plate...looked good and was very functional. Plastic utensils were more than adequate.The meat was incredibly tender, thick slices, nicely flavored with a much more subtle flavor than eastern BBQ. The ribs were literally falling off the bone tender. The sauce, which they make there, is thick enough to stay in place and is of the sweet but spicy variety...very tasty and a good compliment to the meat. It's on the table in a squeeze bottle if you want. I'm not big on drowning good meat and was happy that it could be my choice.Traffic on Sunday evening at sunset was steady with about half the orders being carry out and a couple of drive ups. The other customers were friendly. Overall, a very easy place to deal with. The menu is limited but the quality makes up for this. Service is good, prices are very reasonable with our drinks, entrees and sides costing $17 with tax. Bus it yourself when finished. The wife liked it and we will return.It's easy to find although it's way up north on 7th...worth the drive in my opinion. They also offer catering services but I really can't comment on that.The four stars is fair for a very small place in a niche market. To their credit, they were open Sunday evening. This is the kind if place that could become a habit as it's good and very easy to deal with.
5	This place is literally a lil gem. The menu is simple n the prices are more than fair for the quality of bbq they serve. Pig sandwich is awesome.
4	Great food great price.  Not great food at a great price or for a great price.  Just cheap ass great food! I suggest a two sandwiches not a double and two sides.  Try the slaw on the wich.........
1	Go elsewhere!!!!!!!!! Dry meat, small portions for the price. The mcrib at mcdonalds is better. I ended up here cuz dickies was closed. I had the brisket sandwich spicy fries and ice tea. The tea was good that's about it. I won't be going back.
5	Great little Express barbecue place. Very good food excellent service and very inexpensive. Will definitely be coming back. Highly recommend trying it. Wish they would open one in North Scottsdale.
3	Great food but small sandwich. No salad option available for sides. Brisket is done right. :-)
4	Cute, little restaurant!  The food is good for the price.  I love the BBQ sauce,  just wished they gave more of it.  The young lady at the window was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely come back for more!
4	We dropped into Waldo's for some pre-bowling dinner the other night and were not disappointed. The staff is very friendly, the food is tasty, and the prices are very reasonable!I had the ribs with a side of mac and cheese - the ribs were incredible, and the mac and cheese was tasty. Not the best I've ever had, but still decent.My boyfriend had the brisket sandwich with a side of potato salad, he enjoyed every bite.All of the above, plus drinks came to $14 - as far as I'm concerned that's amazing for a bbq joint.
5	Small place with great BBQ that's served quick.  Folks working there are helpful and friendly. Very basic small dining area inside and out.  Had the ribs and the brisket which are served no-frills and were great. Very inexpensive and with sides and drinks for $1, you get a lot for your money.
5	I absolutely love Waldo's food. The meat is so tender and delicious. The spicy fries are also really good. I recommend Waldo's to everyone I know.
4	This is a pretty good barbecue place. The barbecue sandwich is tasty. And they give you the sauce to put on it so you can choose how much you want on it. The Mac and cheese is pretty delicious too.
4	Counter girl peppy and nice. The building is an old Taco Bell building with a drive through and a front ramada with three picnic tables. The eating environment is between rustic and beat up, which is the only reason it is receiving 4 stars instead of 5 stars. The building and kitchen are clean. I looked for dirt and was unsuccessful. They obviously work hard on cleaning. Again the restaurant is somewhere between rustic and beat up,  but it is clean. The barbecue is 5 star all the way. It is flawless in texture and taste. I had the 'Pig' Sandwich and potato salad. The Sinaloence (wife) had the same sandwich and an order of Pork Ribs,  with Sweet Potato Fries.. Excellent, excellent, excellent..This was our second time here and both visits were the same high quality. I fully recommend this restaurant to any barbecue lover.
