2	***Ciao Ciao's gelato is pretty good but also very overpriced (even for Las Vegas)***Ciao Ciao is a gelato bar inside The Forum Shops at Caesars.  They have a good number of flavors and many of them appeared to be creative concoctions with lots of ingredients mixed in.  I went with the pistachio and the mascarpone with caramel and both flavors were good.  The gelato was creamy too.Service was quick and pleasant.Pricing was very high.  I ordered a medium size and it was $8 before taxes.  While I did not get the gelato at the more famous Jean Philippe in Aria, I think the gelato there was about the same price (maybe even less at Jean Philippe).Ciao Ciao's gelato was a satisfying frozen dessert.  Pricing was too high though.  Pricing is high for a lot of stuff in Vegas, but I think for the prices you will pay here, you should be able to find more interesting and more well known sweets elsewhere.The Forum Shops and Caesars offer complimentary parking (via valet or self parking structure).
3	When I was shopping at the Forum I happened to walk by the Ciao Ciao Cafe and Bar. The gelato and sorbet started calling my name. I couldn't help myself and just had to stop by for a try. They have 14 flavors to choose from which seemed a little overwhelming for me. The girl behind the counter kept giving me samples until I finally decided on the tiramasu and mint chocolate chip (great combo by the way). When it came to ordering the cashier really didn't give me any options on size but just asked me if I wanted 2 scoops ($7.99). Prices vary from $6.25 for a single scoop to $12.99 for their so called terminator. They claim to have the "best" and "finest" ingredients so for an occasional treat it's fun to experiment with all the flavors.
5	CIAO CIAO CAFE & BARWhile shopping at the Forum Shops inside Caesar's Palace, we happened to end up in between the Ciao Ciao Cafe & Bar while browsing through H&M. It was a refreshing site, as a wall of gelato popped up in front of us, with all its dazzling colors, toppings, and rainbow burst! It screamed "Cool! Refreshing! Smooth! Sweet! Tasty! Gelato!!!" I couldn't help it and promptly ordered a VIP size: large cup with 3 flavors. We ordered, from bottom to top: White Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake, Super Imperial Pistachio, and Raspberry Sorbetto. In addition, the server gave us two white chocolate slices on top of our 3-layer gelato heaven ^)^ It was so goooooooooooood!!! It made shopping inside the Forum bearable, as sugary sweetness took over! If you're looking for alcohol in addition to your gelato, you can order any drinks there too, as they have a sizable bar. Next time: White Russian and Gelato!!! The prices are way more expensive then your average gelato shop, but then again, it's Las Vegas. $10 for 3-flavors! but in the end, totally worth every penny!
1	Terrible and high-priced food.  Mean manager.  Had a $8+ hot dog.  Got to taste good, right? Wrong!After drinking my $5 latte I feel thirsty so I ask for a little hot water.  Guess what, the manager asked me for 75c.  "it's just 75c!" she said.  I walked away and would never go back.If you like high priced low quality food plus poor service, go for it!
3	Nice bartender, though she skimped on the very expensive rum and coke. Cramped as heck to sit there and eat/drink because it's right smack in the middle of the Caesars Forum Shops traffic, but if you need to take a break and grab a slice of pizza, a humongous Long Island iced tea, or some gelato while shopping, I guess this is your best option around there.
3	Ate here after a few hours of shopping at the Forum Shops, we had a Pepperoni Gondola and waffle fries - both were good, but I'm pretty sure it was all pre-made stuff that they reheat or something.The pizza was tasty and the cheese was especially good and gooey! the waffle fries were super hot, but still good. the only thing that sucked was the seating area. they squish about 20 tables into a small space where 15 would be comfortable. I mean, you're practically sitting back to back with the person in back of you! it's understandable though, because it does get busy at lunch time and they want to accommodate as much people as possible. Luckily we came right after the big rush!
4	It's really good here but a little overpriced. It's pretty much $8 for a mid size gelato equivalent to about a scoop and and a half. I ordered the banana foster and cheesecake. Like most gelato, it was rich and creamy. The flavors hit my taste buds fast and very addicting! I don't know why I chose the banana foster and cheesecake, I was given samples of several flavors all were good but that one in particular to stood out.
5	Yumm the pizza is sooooo good! I am a fan of there Gelato and they serve it so fancy. There is a bar in the other counter and the set up just makes you want to drink all day. They will make your drink just right. It is a little pricey but it's worth every cents. Also it being the Forum shops I think it's priced right, it's VEGAS people. I will go back there again and again! The customer service was excellent No one ignoring you when your dying for a cocktail unlike the BAR in the CASINO.
1	I haven't been here since 2009, but what I do remember is that a lot of items do not have prices on them.We have all seen workers like the ones they got here. They hate working, they hate their jobs, and they don't have a high regard for customers. When the cashier girl finally decides to get off her lazy ass and slowly walk towards the cash register, she will usually ring up a total that you might believe to be a practical joke. For some reason, there doesn't seem to be anything here that is under $15. The Gelato here is horribly overpriced and horribly overrated. You can walk across the street to the Venetian and get gelato there that tastes better and costs 1/4th the price. Even the gelato they have at the Costco in Summerlin tastes better than this overrated sludge, and it only costs $1.50 over there.
3	More like 3.5 stars. Very good ice cream, very pricey (10) but worth the try. The water on the other hand was 5.75... Not worth it.
4	PEOPLE PEOPLE PEOPLE, stop bitchin about the high price of Gelato and try the AMAZING, ENOURMOUS, & STUFFED hot dog for only $6.99!! I'm not even a hot dog lover but someone was walking by with one of these and I couldn't resist.  It was so huge that I thought I'd buy one and split it with my wife but by the time I made it to her by the slot machines I had polished it off by myself. She wasn't hungry anyway since we both just had lunch a little while before.Give this place a HOT DOG chance!!
2	We wanted a quick lunch, and decided to stop here. Good lord, it was expensive and crappy. The reheated slice of pizza was almost $8, and the plain hotdogs were $7. Belch. And the tables were so close together, it was impossible to move. Just go somewhere else.
3	Expensive but delicious gelato. I walked around the forum shops eating it. Some random  lady came up to me and thought it was a drink and asked where I got it. Only in Vegas when people thinks that gelato are drinks.
3	The staff is friendly when you ask for gelato samples, they'll give you more than what you ask for! First time I didn't feel guilty asking to sample every flavor. *2 BIG THUMBS UP*They have a good balance of stable and creative flavors. Some stable flavors include vanilla, pistachio, strawberry sorbet and mango sorbet. Some creative flavors were banana foster cheesecake, mascarpone caramel with pistachios (drool!!!), and strawberry with chocolate chips. A big thumbs down for the price. $6.99 for a small cup (equivalent to a single scoop elsewhere). They're also a little stingy with how much they give you too (I guess this makes up for the unlimited samples). They don't give you any more than the cup's height. I watched them scoop away the ice cream to flatten out to the top of the cup. Bummer :(
2	Craving gelato while walking through the forum shop? Heed my words, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE FOR GELATO. Their smallest size costs $6.99! Talk about over-priced. One worker kept pressuring my friend to go the next size up in order to get 2 flavors. Apparently they dont allow you to mix 2 flavors with the smallest cup. And the cup is pretty freaking small for seven bucks! I got strawberry sorbet. It was apparent to me right off the bat that my sorbet was not fresh. It must have melted and been refrozen or something because there were so many ice crystals in my sorbet! And I paid $7 bucks for this crap! My friend got the tiramisu, and that one was actually pretty good, I'll say. But it still isnt worth $7. Definitely go somewhere else for similar tasting gelato for a better price. Total bogus.
5	The most AMAZING bananas foster gelato!  They used to have a full restaurant off of the strip that was much cheaper.  I would buy the largest size possible and keep it in my freezer.
3	Tiramisu gelato tastes like pure heaven  The marscapone toffee with pistachios was a'ight. There were too many pistachios...which, I guess according to your preference, could be a good or bad thing. They let you have as many samples as you'd like, but when it comes to the actual purchasing of gelato, they make SURE you don't get more than the top of the cup. They actually scoop gelato off the top so that your cup of gelato ends up flat. Ciao Ciao is pretty pricey, too... so I don't see why they don't let you have a little extra of gelato above the top of the cup! I was super disappointed when they put the tiramisu over the marscapone toffee, so I only got a bit of the tiramisu since they scraped most of it off. Lame. Because of this, I recommend either telling them to scoop in your first choice flavor first or only getting the single flavor cup option.
4	You'll find Ciao Ciao Cafe & Bar just off H&M in the Forum shops. It's a cool place and really convenient for you to sit back, kick it and take a break from shopping. We had a drink there and the bartender was very nice and friendly. I had a straight up G&T but, from what she said, they've got pretty much a full bar and are able to make you what you want so that's really cool.My mate had a I can't remember which (that's not the name by the way!) cocktail and he said it was pretty. They also offer pizzas, hotdogs and a broad selection of Gelatos, which look so good + for those of you who've been to Sin City, remember those big/tall different coloured drink bottles? You can get one of them there as well. I'm definitely getting me on next time!
3	A cafe located inside Caesar's Forum. I didn't have their food so I can't comment on those but their gelato is creamy, cold and delicious.
2	Workers seem nice, except for the fact they get pushy on upselling additional scoops of average gelato (I got taramisu and something else I can't remember). Hopefully this isn't the best gelato Vegas has to offer... there's plenty of places in Vancouver where the scoops are cheaper, more flavours to choose from, and better quality too.
5	Stopped with a group of 7-10 people and Jill was amazing!!! Bloody Mary's were awesome... It's a must go place here in Vegas!!!
5	This is the best bloody mary I have had in my entire life. I am literally drinking it at Ciao Ciao while writing this. Jill is some kind of a genius, wizard mad scientist. She is amazing. Go here when you are in Vegas!!!!
1	Would not go back.  Ordered two Bloody Mary's which were ok...not great.  Very pricey--at $40 for the two with tip.  When the waitress brought them to our table, I asked if I could get a glass of ice water.  She said no.  They are not allowed to give out water (even though they have a tap, ice, and glasses!  They can only sell a big bottle of evian water to me.  Really?  A paying customer can't get a drink of water at your establishment?  WTF.
5	Best michelada I have EVER had!!  I get one every time I come to Vegas! So worth the $20, and the bartenders are always awesome!
1	This may sound silly, but in the 2 nights I was in Vegas I got overcharged THREE TIMES with false tips. It started here at Ciao Ciao. First of all, the water I purchased here was already $4.99, but when I got home I saw that the woman at the register must have added $1 to the tip line, which means I paid $5.99 for a bottle of water. As a former server, I always give at least a 20% tip on meals or a $1 per alcoholic drink, but never a $1 tip for a water I buy at a stand! I frequent Vegas several times a year and I will NEVER go back here. Leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Ugh.
3	Rating: 3.5 starsThis place is located in the Forum. I wanted something sweet after eating at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill. I had tried the strawberry chocolate and the mascarpone pistachio. I couldn't decide between the two. I originally went for the small size, but was encouraged to go for the mid-size since it holds two flavors. I thought the two gelato flavors were good. The pistachio was soggy though. The only reason that I wouldn't come back is that I would want more gelato for $8. It was really expensive for the size of the gelato.
2	Kid trap w/very attractive display of gelato & as many samples as you want. But location of payment is so congested & they will not give you an empty cup to share any gelato like b/w my 3 & 6 yr olds so they could split the $6.25 cup of the same flavor they wanted. So ridiculous! And we had bought 2 smalls and a medium so it wasn't like we hadn't spent much there already. The gelato was just ok.
2	This place is nothing too special for me. Overpriced drinks (well, it's in Vegas so...) and incredibly long wait on hot afternoons. But it's in a relatively good location in the middle of the Forum Shops so I see how it's very accessible for people.
3	If you like paying a million dollars for gelato, this place is for you!  Looks pretty in the case but the sticker shock is not worth it.
3	Nothing special other than the convenience of having gelato while you're shopping here at the Forum Shops.Not only is it expectingly expensive (one scoop $6.49), but incredibly jam-packed if you're walking straight through it, crowded a heck.  But good fast service.  After the so-so experience at Gordon Ramsay's Pub, the vanilla was a bonus.VIP definitely the better deal at $10, for 3 scoops.
4	It is located in Caesars Forum Shops on top of the floor , right across H& M store, Its sort of a open Gourmet Gelato Bar. It was bit pricey ,so we know It's Vegas. I bought the VIP which was still a bargain at $10 (as i was hungry) since small cup was round about $7. I ordered Vanilla Almond Fudge, Mint Chocolate Chip and Strawberry Chocolate Chunk.  The Girl at Gelato Counter was good and receptive in letting me sample almost all flavors like Banana Cheesecake , Mascrapone Caramel Pistachio Nut, Italian Tiramisu, White Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake, Oreos Cookies and Cream.,Chocolate Mouse Truffle, Overall i found the yummy flavors to be the one's i ordered and rest one's i sample were too bland to have. Also on the other side was Pizza and Hot Dogs. Also they had bar section where bartender served the drinks.They have a a seating area where you can take a break and chill out and eat at the same time. Its usually busy however not really overcrowded.VIP Gourmet Gelato with free topping of cream and biscuit on top of the scoops. Its a sweet treat. Try it not that bad at all, however bit pricey.
4	This is located in the Forum Shops in a middle stand, so you can't miss it. I come here only for the gelato. The large is their best deal so I suggest getting that and sharing with someone. Every time I've come, they've been more than happy to let me taste as many flavors as I wanted with no rush.My favorite flavor is the pistachio because it's really strong AND there's chunks of pistachio in the gelato as well. Always creamy and smooth. Love the wafer they top it with as well. Great treat to cool you down on a hot Vegas day :)
4	I am conflicted about this place and I don't know how many stars to give it.  I need to separate my ratings.  For the gelato bar alone, I give Ciao Ciao Cafe five stars.  The gelato is the best gelato I have ever had and it is displayed so prettily in the case.  Located right outside H&M in Caesar's Palace, this place is a MUST for me every time I come to Vegas.  I love their Chocolate Mousse Pie gelato!!  And even the wafer they stick into your gelato is ono!  And the hugest H&M is right next door!!However, I give their regular food (pizza, nachos) one star.  It's terrible, even for fast food, and I'm amazed at their high price for a tiny personal size pizza and nachos.  The quality of their food is poor and very forgettable.  Don't eat here if at all possible.  I know it's hard, considering that there aren't many fast food cafe places located in Caesar's Palace.  Just eat the ice cream for lunch on your break from shopping at H&M.  That's what I do.
4	This is a great fast option inside Caesars palace. One of the only quick and cheap food options there. The hot dogs are huge and taste pretty good. The waffle fries are good too except ours were a little burned.
