5	I dropped in to have a watch sized. The gentleman at the front was fast to buzz me through the big iron security gate. He was very polite, and took the extra links out of my new watch quickly. It was only $6 and he did it while I waited- only took maybe 5 minutes. They were also really helpful when I had questions about having a more expensive watch serviced. I plan to bring a necklace and ring back here to be sized as well. Fast, polite and inexpensive!
5	I stopped by yesterday to get a new battery on a very old watch. Initially, I went to JC Penney where they charge $10 for battery replacement. However, they suggested I go to a watch repair place because the woman couldn't pry open my square-faced watch. Hence, I found myself at Gemtime.Like the other reviewers state, you walk into the store and the gentleman at the counter will buzz you in through the security gate. I let the guy know what I needed and about five minutes and $8 later, my watch is back to its old glory. The guy who helped was really nice. I'm definitely coming this way for any watch or jewelry repair needs:)
5	Super friendly service, and more than reasonable rates. Love it! I'd be back here for all jewelry repair and watch stuff. The Dude added a link to my wife's Rolex, and tried different sizing (adjusted a few notches) 3 times until it was perfect. She was extremely happy once it was done. Great service.
5	Just went in today for help with a Tag - great and friendly service!
5	The best place for watch and jewelry repair, for sure! Excellent service and prices!
5	Gem Time is a classic family-run neighborhood business with impeccable customer service and timely, competent workmanship. From the moment I entered, I was treated as a valued customer by the owners, a father and son duo. I had two watches that another alleged watch repair shop had damaged while replacing the batteries plus one broken crystal. In an instant the watches were being examined and the problems identified. They gave me an estimate that sounded almost too good to be true for the repairs. But sure enough, they delivered.I have already referred business to them including members of my family. These guys are the real deal!
5	Super friendly, fast service, and reasonable prices.I've worn my Tag Heuer watch everyday for more than 12 years, so I thought it was high time to get it checked and cleaned.I read great reviews of Gemtime, and since it is located very close to my office I stopped in at lunch. John, the son, took one look at my watch and said, we can take care of this for you and you'll have it back it tomorrow.When I expressed concern that my wrist would feel funny without the familiar weight of a watch, he not only understood but even offered to let me take a loaner watch for the day if I wanted. (I decided I could survive one day, but if it had been a longer period I probably would have taken him up on the offer.)When I picked up my watch, they had steam cleaned the case, put it in the ultrasonic cleaner, and polished it up so it looks like new. They even checked the seals and performed a pressure check to ensure that the inside of my dive watch is still sealed.I had also noticed that my gym workouts are paying off and my wrists seem to be getting thicker which meant that my watch was getting tighter. Luckily I still have the links that I had taken out of the bracelet when I first got my watch, so I took those in and we added back a link to give the watch a better fit. I would definitely recommend Gemtime as a great place to take your fine watches and jewelry. They know what they are doing, don't try to sell service you don't need, finish their work quickly, and provide great service!
5	This place is kind of challenging to find. It is in the corner of the shopping plaza behind the Dunkin' Donuts and to the right of Pig & Pickle. I came in to resize a watch. Service was very friendly & fast. You have to be buzzed in from a super heavy duty gate. I explained how I wanted it to fit and before I even had a chance to find a good magazine, it was done. From now on, this is my go to spot for anything watch and jewelry related.
5	Great customer service and so affordable! Will keep coming back here for all my jewelry repairs!
5	Great customer service and very friendly, brought my Tag watch in for repair, broken screw. Repaired the watch on-site with no problems at a reasonable  price. Even showed me how the run the watch so that the battery would last longer. Can not say enough, if you need any watch repaired these are the guys  2 brothers and their  father run the shop. In fact,  What I liked most about their service was that they said they would look at the watch first and if they could fix it , but if the damage was extensive then they would advise sending it to a Tag authorized dealer. They looked at it and made the determination that the internal coils(?? what ever that means) and mechanics looked good and that they just need to remove the broken screw and add a new battery. Even greased the rubber seal on the cover for a water resistant close.I would definitely trust  them with any of your jewelry repairs.
5	Yelp comes through yet again!I needed to find a place to install watch batteries, and Gemtime was the highest rated in Scottsdale, by a mile!I brought four watches into Gemtime, and met John, who along with his Dad, own Gemtime. John was super friendly and knowledgeable, and got my watches dialed in  super quickly. While I was there I learned a great deal about watches, and the intricacy that goes into wristwatches. Thanks to Gemtime, I now have a place that can deal with battery replacement, but more importantly- major repairs.In addition to having the batteries replaced, John is fixing two of my watches that have broken crowns, and do not work any longer. I was quoted a very fair prices, and it will be cool to have these two watches back.So skip the mall kiosks and meet these watch pros. With over 40 years experience, John and his Dad will have your watch up and running in no time.
5	This is an excellent place to have your watch repaired or serviced. John is outstanding. I went to other Rolex stores, but Gemstone is by far the most responsive and honest. Strongly recommend John. Only bad news is this handsome young man is already engaged to be married. They do many other things. Well worth the visit
5	I don't want to go anywhere else!
5	Quality work...Great value...Prompt service...And a cool dog!You can't lose at Gemtime!
5	My experience at Gemtime was exceptional! John and his uncle repaired my vintage watch, and it runs beautifully.  Both gentlemen were very knowledgeable and very personable.  I was pleased to discover that Gemtime will also custom design jewelry pieces. So not only will I go back for my watch maintenance, but I also plan to go back to shop. I have found my jeweler!
1	Read about Gemtime because I needed a battery in my dress watch, and I'm new to the area. Got a real sketchy feeling as soon as I got "buzzed" in the locked gate and saw a pitbull behind the counter. I've had this watch for about 25 years and have replaced the battery many times never paying more than $10.00. The man behind the counter told me $45.00 for a battery in this "kind of" watch. I guess because it's an expensive gold watch, he felt I could afford to be taken. I walked out and went a few miles away to a much nicer, full service jeweler and was treated with respect and paid the customary $10.00.
5	I have been to Gemtime quite a few times, and have appreciated the great customer service by John and his Dad. I love their dog Bigs, the sweetest guy ever, and he seems to love me too (maybe because I bring treats). My daughter recently visited from Houston, and brought her expensive diving watch at my recommendation. It needed a battery and pressure testing. The price was right and she has been very happy with her watch back. John replaced a crystal on one of my watches at half the price I was quoted at a mall store. I have just dropped off 4 of my favorite everyday watches for batteries and know I can trust and rely on quality service. I very highly recommend this friendly  family owned business to anyone who needs watch or jewelry service.
5	I literally found Gemtime at the perfect moment. I was leaving Dunkin Donuts and just happened to look over and saw this little shop tucked away in the corner. The irony was that I had been carrying these two watches in the car for months that needed to be repaired. I had found a coupon for this place in the mall; but for some reason, I hadn't gone yet. When I arrived in the shop, John had me pick out a band I liked and cut it to fit the watch. I actually like my watch better then before and wear it more often!  Had I not found Gemtime, I  would've had to ship the watch out to Kenneth Cole and go thru this long drawn out progress. Then, he held on to the other watch until he found the exact shade of red in patent leather to match.  Mind you, I searched for months online and went to several watch repair shops to find a match. He's really good and all of that work for a really great price.  Plus he's a really nice guy with a great rapport with his customers!  Thank you John for bringing my watches back to life!  :-)
5	I don't often find myself writing reviews, but every now and then I get so impressed (or very dissatisfied) with a place that I feel it is my civic duty to write one.  Gemtime is one of those places that moved me to write a review.  Let me first say a huge thank you to the other Yelpers that recommended this place.  I'm from Chicago and visit family in Scottsdale several times a year.  During my stay in AZ, the only watch I brought with me stopped working.  I resorted to yelp and let me say I am so glad I did.  Based on the glorious reviews, I brought my watch to Gemtime.  During my visit, I had the great pleasure of dealing with John.  He was as professional as they get.  I asked him about his profession, and he took the time to tell me that he hails from generations of watch makers, and explained how his father and grandfather were both master watchmakers.  He was so proud of his family's trade, and it showed in the service and you just see how he wanted to succeed in perpetuating his family's tradition and trade. Not only was he professional, but he was so friendly and personable, in that he even shared a photo album that his friends made for him from his recent wedding which we were allowed to view while we waited for our battery to be replaced.  This is the first time walking into this place, and let me say I was made to feel as though I was a valued long-time customer, and almost felt like I was treated like family.  Being somewhat of a watch collector, I will make sure that any and all watch repairs are performed at Gemtime during my sporadic Scottsdale visits.  The cost of repairs (in my case a simple watch battery replacement) and service simply cannot be beat.  I asked John what the cost was to replace the battery on a higher end watch that I have back home and he quoted me a really fantastic price which included pressure testing. Seriously folks, this place deserves the highest recommendation possible.   Once again, a hearty 'Thank you' to all the reviewers on Yelp that took time out of their lives to recommend this place.  There is no way I'd ever find this place had it not been for those dedicated to leaving such helpful reviews!!!  And of course, thank you John at Gemtime!!!!  -  George from Chicago
5	I have been here twice & both times were wonderful experiences! The first time I came in to get an old Bulova A11 cleaned up and he did a wonderful job! I was worried because it's such an old and semi-rare watch, but he made it look good as new & even found a nice band to fit it! I was giving it as a gift & didn't have a box or anything. He found an old bulova box in the back & gave it to me, no charge! The second time in was to get a band sized & he did it right away while telling me about his new wife & his dog. Great guy, super friendly, wonderful service & know how. I recommend him to all if my friends!!
5	Went in this past Friday because my watch battery had died and needed it replaced.  The owner/operator was friendly and efficient, so I didn't need to wait long.  He also lubricated the gears of the watch as preventative maintenance.
5	I've been looking for a good watch store for over a year. I had a kinetic watch that had not been fixed in over a year as the last place that did not fix it right. I had a co worker refer me here and so glad I went. John was extremely friendly right off the bat.  He tried to charge it first and then when that didn't work, he told me what was wrong. Their prices are great, are very professional, and had the watch fixed ahead of schedule. I highly recommend them and look forward to bringing my other watches here.
5	Gemtime helped me repair a necklace that belongs to my wife. While much of their business is watch related, they also can do quality jewelry repair. Their service was excellent and affordable. The owners are friendly and once you get by the security gate the shop feels welcoming. I would definitely use them again.
5	This place is awesome! They take very good care of me every time I go in to service my Rolex or any other watch. When I get my watch cleaned there it comes back looking better then when I bought it! Great service and knowledge of jewelry, with such great prices you can't afford not to go to Gemtime. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone needing a trust worthy place.
5	I ordered a wide band silver ring online, and it was way too small (surprise.  never buy jewelry online unless you know your size).  I called this place first to ask if they do rings since they market their watch repair.  They said to bring it in and they'd be able to handle it.  I ended up having go up 2 whole ring sizes.  I dropped off my ring and got a call the next day saying that it was already done.  When I received my ring, the workmanship was amazing.  Couldn't even tell that it was resized, which would be extremely noticeable on this ring if the workmanship were bad.  They had to add silver to it, so it wasn't exactly cheap, but the quick turnaround, service and workmanship was worth it.  My finger still hasn't changed color, so I'm assuming that actual silver was used to resize my ring.  I highly recommend this place!
5	The main guy there, John is just a great dude. He took care of my watches and very fast. I sat on the sofa and he replaced everything that needed help. Batteries, bands, straps etc!
5	What more can be said?  This is a multi-generation family-owned business that focuses on quality workmanship and customer service.  you have a choice where to spend your watch repair dollars... You won't be disappointed here. Avoid the chains in the malls. You will get quality and value here.
5	Great customer service! They kept me informed on the price estimate and progress status of my ring that needed resizing. They even allowed a custom size since my fingers are so slim. When I went to pick it up, it looks and feels great. Very friendly and professional. I also appreciated the later evening hours during the week since they have limited weekend hours and I could go after work.
5	Got my diamond ring re-sized to my finger.They did it for $40. I went there just half an hour before their closing time. They were able to do it for me. They actually took longer than their closing hours but they went on just fine.The quality of work was good too.
5	These guys fixed my 50+ year old money clip that belonged to my great-grandpa and made it sturdier than ever! The price I paid was lower than the price I was quoted too. I will absolutely return here with my watch and jewelry repair needs.
5	Best place to get your watch resized! The staff is so friendly and informative. Also very reasonable pricing to get my watch resized!
5	Love, Love, Love this place!The whole family (from teenagers to grandparents) have been coming herefor years, and never have a less than excellent experience.Really fair, good prices, wonderful service, great communication... AND theyhave the sweetest, most lovable dog in the world available to love on!What else can I say??
5	Wow, George did an AMAZING job on my necklace today!  I highly recommend this place.  It is a family business and they have been doing this in the family for awhile.  Great Customer Service and expertise and knowledge that goes way back down the family chain over many years!!  The hole on my pendant was getting worn out and I was afraid that my chain would wear it down. George placed some gold to strengthen around the hole and shined it up and did another special thing to make it Beautiful!  Thank you George!!  We just moved here from California and so far have been meeting just the kindest people that are extremely knowledgeable in their business. I'm glad I picked this store out of the Yelp list of stores.  Oh, and did I mention that he did this on the spot and I was able to have it done the same day and not miss a beat wearing my pendant.  Did I say FAB!!  Solange
5	Stopped to get a battery for my watch and not only did I get a great deal but ended up with a beautiful new watch as well!  Very friendly and love supporting family owned businesses and the brotherly banter added a fun element as well! Love my new watch and will definitely continue to go back!!!
5	I had 3 watches that I brought in to the repair shop. Dan was super exceptionally nice and professional. He repaired my watches in very short order and I was able to go on my merry way. My sister was with me and even though she lives in another state - she was so impressed with the service that she is going to send me an antique watch for me to bring into this shop for professional repair,  I highly recommend this watch repair shop!
5	Needed to get a link replaced that I had lost, they where able to special order it correct piece and repair the watch. I had gotten the watch at Nordstrom and they said it would be a 6 week turn around, Gem time got it done in 10 days!Round 2, dropped my new watch and it completely shattered, the face, bezel, hands, etc... where all over the place. I thought all was lost, however 2 days later it was good as new!!Very friendly and skilled people here, highly recommend!
5	John the manager was very helpful, friendly and loves Yelp! Great place for any of your jewelry repairs.
5	This place is the bomb. The man working here is very nice, professional, quick and inexpensive!! Thanks for your help!!
5	Great service! Sized my new watch in minutes!  Super friendly! I will definitely come back here!!
5	Sitting at my desk, wondering why the day seems so long, then realizing my watch battery died 3 hours ago! Saw the reviews for Gemtime, and it's close to where I work, so I gave them a shot. Greeted as soon as I entered, was told to give them 10 minutes, had it done in 5, and for $10! Cannot be beat! Great, great, great...did I say that they were GREAT?!
5	I love this place. The guy who works there, I think his name js John, is the best. Cool guy, always greats you with a smile. He is obviously very knowledgable about watches. Today I went in to get a link out of a watch I got my GF for Xmas and he did it pro bono for the holidays. Last time I went in for that I think it was less than $10, very cheep. John is always willing to help with sizing and he even has shown me features of my watches that I didn't know about. It's a small store front tucked into this strip mall behind pig a d pickle, and I would never have never found it did I not live close by. I go there for everything watch related now and tell me friends as well.
5	Came here because my new watch was too big for my wrist and needed a few links taken off. The person working there was really chill. Gave me a few bucks off an already inexpensive service, did the job in a timely manner, and had good conversation.Efficient + affordable + friendly = 5 star experience
