4	I Love this place, same basic food as Roberto's, but a little cheaper. Clean, very polite, would have gotten 5 stars but every now again the oi isn't quite hot enough, living a little stale taste in the fried items, which is pretty much what I live on. I tip each time, and I get more gaucamole now than ever before! :)
3	I still call this place Roberto's Taco Shop even though the cheap LED sign says otherwise.     "Don Tortacos" is a very adequate and cheap alternative to high priced Mexican food;  knowing the area, there are quite a lot of them around. If I were to compare this place to other Roberto's Taco Shops, I would have to say that  this specific joint can't hold a candle to any of the franchises around the Las Vegas area.     The quality of the food just isn't as great compared to sister franchises, and I really have no idea why. I could have sworn that restaurant chains were suppose to have the same recipe. One of my complaints is the very soggy refried beans they serve; the texture is unappealing and it's really more liquid than solid. I thought I was eating bean soup when I first tasted it. I also don't appreciate the lack of servings. If you're a Roberto's regular, you should know that the restaurant is very generous with their serving. This specific joint is not. I mean compared to other Mexican taco shops you still get a lot more, but it just doesn't live up to the Roberto's name.     I don't want to sound like absolutely hate the food here, I actually like this place. I go here fairly frequently, given that I feel like eating Mexican food. There are a lot of things I like about this place. This specific taco shop's employees are really nice and helpful, and they're not dicks about hanging out 2 hours after you eat your food. This is also a great place for pre-drunk snacks, post-drunk snacks, and mid-drunk snacks. It's even next to a PT's Pub; get drunk then get fat. It's an amazing combination!I suggest the Carnitas Fries, it's not on the menu but they'll make it for you. It's like an untouched potential.
2	Meh. This is a repurposed Roberto's and let me tell you, it does not compare at all. It's ok or whatever, but... meh.
3	I was in need of a quick lunch so I was like what the hell.They had a special for Tacos de Lengua.  I personally have never had Lengua, but I figured other people eat it must be okay.  I just had to get over the fact that it is tongue.Anyways - the tongue tacos were muy bueno.  I am now a fan of tacos de lengua.  This place is pretty much a Roberto's - maybe a little cheaper.  Over all - the place was not the cleanest place.  It was a little suspect even.It's fast and it's cheap.  the food was decent.  I would say - stop by in a pinch, but I wouldn't go out of the way to eat here.
2	This was my second visit to the establishment. My first visit I ordered a special they were running; carne asada & shrimp burrito. It was delicious! It was the unexpected surprise that every diner wants to have when they take a risk on a new special!!! $8.95 +tax is bit much for just a burrito though. I understand it may be because of the size but let's be realistic cut the size down and make the price more reasonable. My second visit had me quite excited to try something I hadn't had. Since the first trial went so well I had hoped the second would go just as smooth. I ordered an adobada plate. Maybe I should've stuck to what I already knew. To say I was disappointed would be putting it mildly. The adobada was burnt and full of fat. It would've been seemingly edible had there been any pieces of meat that weren't charred or full of fat. The beans tasted as though they were from the can. The rice was disgusting and not just because it was cold but because it was tasteless and bland. The lettuce was about the only thing that was consumed in its entirety.What a disappointment. I would have given them 1 star but because my first experience was well I decided to give them another star.
2	Thank you for the diarrhea Don Tortacos!Basically, we came here after JF and I ordered the carne asada fries. The price was the same as everywhere and the actually plate wasnt lovely nor was it delectable. I hate the carne asada here! It was over cooked and no bueno! Customer service was decent, and they have a little salsa bar.The next morning I wanted to die. It was horrid.No Mas Tortacos!
4	I work in the area and although have driven past many times I had never noticed this taco shop. Today while at work a few coworkers and I were wanting to pick up some grub for lunch so a friend suggested Don Tortacos. The best idea of the day was calling in an order which was promptly prepared for us. The services is great and their food looks and taste impressive. The items ordered were carne asada fries, hard shell carnitas tacos and a carne asada burrito.My burrito was Amazeballs, I swear it must have had at least two pounds of carne asada meat stuffed in it. I like my meat, I can handle my meat however this seemed a bit of a challenge for the first time in my life. This burrito was so good it made me horny. I was stimulated, I was aroused, I was wanting it over and over this day. I made love to my burrito with every flavorful bite and swallow. I will be back for sure, as I want to try other things on their menu that look irresistible. Food price is reasonable, friendly staff, a great salsa bar with those yummy spicy carrots and green salsa.I will be back for sure as it has left me yearning for more! I am a dirty little whore for this place.
5	I haven't tasted anything other than the asada fries and they are by far the best and also great for the price !!
1	Las Vegas friends: I don't usually make a fuss and blast a place but sadly my favorite Mexican food Don Tortaco has disappointed me. They failed to put all the food I bought into my bag. I discovered it at home of course. I drive back after a phone call for a refund request produced no results. They apologized, then gave me the food and asked for my card to refund it. They accidentally charged me again, and said they would cancel the transaction. They did not. I get home with the remade food and its terrible, I think on purpose. I have always loved their food and I couldn't eat this. I contacted them several times to talk to the manager to no avail, finally escalated to the area manager. He turned out to be a jerk too. I just wanted the $9.35 back that I was double charged. He told me to file a complaint through my bank. I told him I would make sure I told everyone I know about this poor customer service. I will also take this up with better business bureau. Sad. I also need recommendations for a New Mexican fast food, preferably with a drive thru. Customer service is key, as my friends have been pointing out, there are many other great Mexican food places in Vegas. Also my friends are sharing like crazy on facebook. Don Tortaco listen up! Its about customer service, not just the food.
5	I was in town for EDC and if you've been to EDC you know that most of the food you consume if any is drive thru fast food. So before heading back to LA I was determined to find mexican food to fill me up b4 my drive a! I stumbled upon this restaurant and I ordered a chile relleno and enchilada plate it came with rice and beans. I also ordered a side of chips and cuacamole and to drink I went with a jarritos! All for about $14 The portion matched the price. Plus the salsa bar was good. It had those pickled carrots I LOVE!!!The staff was friendly but were distracted watching the Mexico game. I had to remind them about my chips and guac. But no problem. I would have prolly be watching the game also. Overall the food was delicious I will be back next year!
3	I came here today at around 7:30 am for a quick breakfast.I ordered a carne asada burrito, which came out awesome. The meat was pretty juicy and the burrito definitely wasn't lacking any ingredients. I ate half and saved the rest for lunch.I asked them to deep fry some green onions for me, which he did. They were great side dishes along with the pickled carrots, onions, and jalapenos. The red sauce was also good.However, I only gave them 3 stars for three reasons. One, when I showed the cashier my 10% off card, he said he didn't know how to do it. I told him to just take 10% off my bill, but he just said the same thing. I just said whatever. I would have only saved 57 cents.Two. There is no bathroom in the place! I mean, it is pretty small, but since there are seats and tables available for eat-in customers, I don't understand why there wouldn't be a bathroom. It's an essential in a Mexican restaurant.And three: there were no plastic utensils at the condiment area. I'm not sure if I needed to ask for them, but in other locations they have them ready for you. I had to attack the entire burrito and stop halfway to save the rest for lunch. A knife would've been helpful in this case.But otherwise, the food was just as I expected of a Don Tortaco's. I'll come back, but only if I really need to.
4	Ate here yesterday the food was really good the 2 burritos I got were really big and when I'm talking big I mean big enough to fill you up the rest of the day the fries were good as they were fresh and crispy and they give you alot of fries. The cheese quesadilla was good but way too much cheese but it was still good the only negative about this place is that if you want to go to the bathroom you have to go all the way through the back of the kitchen but other then that this will be my go to spot to eat at when I'm craving Mexican food.
3	Decent pricing, particularly on the specials: $5 will get you a breakfast burrito with chorizo and egg, while just over $6 will get you a plate with two huge lengua tacos. Not bad at all!Salsa bar has several fresh options as well as carrots, onions, and cucumbers. Bottled traditional sodas are available in a cooler by the register. Service may or may not speak even basic English, which is a little alarming- "Add cheese, please" should not require you grabbing the cook to translate.
3	Their burritos are amazing! I highly recommend this place, the salsas can be improved.
