5	5$ hot and ready pizza? Can't beat it! My son and I love coming here for a cheap meal! Very clean,polite staff...and you may see a sister wife!
4	Nice cheap pizza. Sometimes there's a really long line and sometimes it's not as fresh but hey, $5 pizza. Can't be too picky.
1	That 'Combo Mambo' door chime is THE WORST!!!I had to wait for a Deep Dish pizza at 5:05 pm wasn't this suppose to be Hot & ready??  The wait was fine but that damn door chime has caused me to HATE LITTLE CAESARS!!;!!  10 Minutes of BIte Bite sip sip I'll NEVER TOLERATE THIS AGAIN
3	The pizza is standard Little Caesars pizza.  Can't complain about that at $5/pizza.  The B grade from the health dept was somewhat disturbing, especially when I see a guy with a huge afro in the back making pizza without a hair net on.  Was totally surprised I didn't find a hair in my pizza.
1	Worst and most unorganized location in town.  Pizza never "hot and ready" like advertised and you generally have to wait about 20 min for a basic order.  None of the employees ever seem happy with their jobs, they clearly don't communicate with one another, and most of them have no idea what customer service means.  I know it's only $5 pizzas, but common courtesy to your customers is free!Today I came to this location at 10:50 am (opening time is 10:30 am) and the doors were still locked.  I could see one employee inside messing with the safe and getting the drawer set up.  Shouldn't this have already been done?  Employee told me through the door that the manager didn't show up and it's gonna be at least another 20 min before he could start a pizza.  Clearly there is something seriously wrong at this location when the store manager doesn't even show up and leaves it to the employees to run the store.  I hope someone from corporate headquarters reads all reviews and cares enough to get over to this location and fix the issues in this store.  After today, it will be a long while before I visit this location and give them my business....if ever.
