5	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The staff went out of their way to make my boyfriend and I comfortable. The breakfast buffet was much more than I expected. The room was incredible: very large and well-equipped with a full sized fridge and other kitchen amenities. I will be returning to this hotel in the future!
4	Sparkly new Residence Inns are great. For one thing, Residence Inn is a lot like McDonald's in that there's a tight corporate grip on the ship -- if you've seen one, you've kind of seen them all. But this one also gets brownie points for the basketball hoop and synthetic playing surface in the courtyard. (Which for some people might not be a good thing, I suppose.) Yes, the pool is fine and the breakfast buffet is too. And they have that little room with a working treadmill for when it hits 110 degrees.The one negative might be that you're pretty much on the border of civilization here. To the south you'll find plush & trendy Scottsdale, and half a mile north of here you might as well be walking on the moon. (Er, maybe the sun.)I also like to remind myself that in "bad" economic times, there are still winners and losers. I wouldn't call myself a great winner right now, but if times were better right now I wouldn't have been able to afford the Residence Inn during peak season. Thanks, Wall Street! (Never mind that my 401-k is in the toilet...)
3	This is a really good Marriott (er, Residence Inn) to stay. We came here a few times when we were looking for our house. Since we were from out of state this location was very convenient to us and our search. In many ways it feels brand new and the employees all seem happy and willing to help you unsolicited.  Nice job Marriott!
4	Your typical Residence Inn.They DO NOT HAVE A FULL KITCHEN.  No oven, which for us meant heating some things just wasn't practical - PIZZA.One ding - The room was never made up until late afternoon (4 or 5) and on our last day they called at 11AM to ask when we would be out so room service could clean the room for the next guests.  NICE!  I'm Platinum (a Marriott whore) and could have done without that.Gym is SMALL we are talking oversized broom closet.  Pool is nice as is the hot tub.Staff especially Scott the front desk manager were very good.
3	I don't know if its just me but I really don't care for Residence Inn's I think the green carpet is tacky and decor is outdated. The room was clean, bed was comfortable, they do offer breakfast but by the time I was able to make it downstairs it looked like a tornado had swept through and didn't leave much. If you don't need the full kitchen I would recommend staying across the street at the Courtyard its much better in my opinion.
4	I like where the hotel is located as it's short drive from things like Taliesin West, the TPC Scottsdale Golf Course, the Waterfront, and Old Town; you have tons of restaurants within walking distance (Capital Grille to In 'n Burger or my first stop in Scottsdale, Oregano's at the corner of N. Scottsdale and Shea - short drive, don't walk that one) and plenty o' shopping including Kierland Commons, the high end open air mall, about a 1/2 mile away. A quick right out of the parking lot leads you to the 101 loop and all of the surrounding area.The big blue Frank Lloyd Wright spire across the street is a great way to find your way home (the hotel is kinda hidden behind a Carraba's and an office building and easy to miss when driving). On weekends, go out to the pool around 9:00 PM and catch the fireworks from the Paradise resort behind you.The hotel itself is clean with large rooms that contain a comfortable seating area, a decent sized desk for working, and a separate 2 seat table for meals. The swiveling flat screen is visible no matter where you plop down. There's no oven in the kitchen but who cares? When I'm traveling I am reheating not cooking meals. The microwave gets the job done. They'll shop for you if you make a list and the laundry's up on the second floor if you packed light and need clean clothes.The staff is friendly and efficient. The little Marketplace in the lobby stocks pints of Haagen-Dazs and Milky Ways -- what else do you need?A great place to stay whether it's a business trip or a mini-vaca with Honey Bunny and the Boy.
4	Have been to this hotel two times. The rooms are nice, with dishwasher, stove, microwave, refrigerator, dishes, pots, pans, and t.v. There is a small pool and grills that you can use. The staff is very nice and accommodating and the rooms were cleaned very well. They seem a bit under-staffed with cleaning staff, as when they were crowded rooms often didn't get cleaned until very late. The breakfast is pretty good, with belgian waffle maker, eggs, yogurt, cereal, and other choices. There is also free dinner Monday - Thursday, but the dinner is really bad. The "salad" is the kind of salad that comes out of an industrailly-sealed bag and is basically inedible. There will then be one other item that is almost always meat (so no good for vegetarians) and very poor quality. There is, however, Bud Light and wine, so that is a nice addition.
4	I love this hotel.Quiet, convenient, clean, close to restaurants and a wine bar.  Collectively, over the past 4 years, I've probably spent about 100 nights here.  The staff is friendly.  Workout area is small but I've never had a problem getting in.
4	Stayed here for just two nights and the facility is in pretty good shape. The location is super convenient and you can walk to get food across the street in the nearby mall (assuming you're not cooking).  The only thing that's awkward about it is trying to find it off of the street. It's kind of hidden behind a restaurant and office buildings. I didn't see any signs on Scottsdale Road that indicates where to enter at. I would stay here again.
5	Seriously the nicest staff ever. After our AC went out and we got the run around and flat out lied to by surrounding hotels ee ended up here.  Clean updated room with updated kitchen bathroom and separate bedroom with door. The staff really listened and felt bad for us and graciously upgraded us due to availability giving us a room first floor away from pool due to two kids under 3 in tow. If you are looking for a great hotel with 2 star prices and 5 star customer service this is your place.
