4	This is the typical Jamba Juice, but I felt compelled to write a review because every time I am in here, they are always very nice.  This is a regular stop for me and will be for some time.
1	I work near this Jamba Juice, and love to get a smoothie on my break or to substitute for a meal occasionally.  When I first started going here, they were great-Fast, friendly, and professional.  They made suggestions and reminded me I could add free boosts to my smoothies.  I was so thrilled I even bought a reusable cup to get 10% off of all future smoothies. This place has gone substantially downhill in the past two months.  It seems grimey now when I go in, and really, who wants to consume something from a place that can't wipe the counters or mop the floors peridodically?They have messed up my smoothie order the last three times.  Once, they accidentally poured my smoothie into a disposable cup, I said not to worry and I'd just take that, and they proceeded to pour in into my reusable cup...which only ended up 2/3 full.  So...where did the other $2 worth of smoothie go?  I raised my concern, and the man who made it just shrugged.The next time, they forgot my discount, and when I asked they just said "oops, we'll get you next time."  Um...I bought your silly  cup, I don't think the 20 Cents you're ripping me off for is really helping you much. I let it go since I was running late for work.  This smoothie also wasn't blended well and I couldn't get much of it through my straw.  I had to use a spoon on the final 1/3 of my smoothie to get the fruit pieces and ice chunks. On my last visit, the moron who took my order must've been drunk, disabled, or both.  She was completely perplexed by my order, which was straight off the menu.  I had to repeat it multiple times, and then she couldn't comprehend what size I wanted.  I showed her my cup, and she still had to call a colleague order to get it entered right.  She also refused to give me my discount, saying she didn't know how.  She didn't take my cup, and I needed to remind her twice I had a resuable cup.  She then asked "What should I do with this?" once it was in her hand.  They then poured the wrong smoothie in my cup.  I had to wait for four other smoothies to be made before mine was finally made, and mixed with the remains of the wrong smoothie they had poured in first.  (Yes, I did request they rinse the cup out, but they didn't.)I called the store and left feedback on their survey after this last visit, yet I received no response, apology, or even a coupon for a discounted smoothie.  Love your products, Jamba Juice at Gilbert & Germain, but I can't justify spending my money somewhere that can't get simple products and basic customer relations right.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that this is a reflection of this particular location, not the Jamba Juice brand or it's products.I have been to this location multiple times before and never had an issue. This day, however, was a completely different story. Walked in and saw 5 high-school-aged girls (employees) socializing and no managerial supervision. I should have taken it as a bad omen.I waited at the front counter for a few minutes while the girl behind the register finished her conversation (apparently one of the girls was SOOO sore from working out... Like, OMG!). She then proceeded to unenthusiastically take my order. It took about 5 times longer than normal for my smoothie to be made. Where the hell was the manager?? These girls were moving slower than molasses in Antarctica! When I (FINALLY) got my Caribbean Passion smoothie about 15 minutes after I walked in, I headed out to my car frustrated about how horrible the service was.The worst part?? I didn't try my drink until I drove off in my car. BIG. MISTAKE. My smoothie was bland and disgusting. Absolutely did NOT taste like Caribbean Passion... more like shaved ice with a hint of orange juice. Needless to say, I was too pissed to return to their store to complain. Sigh... And all I wanted was a smoothie! :(Completely disappointing and off-putting experience. While I still love Jamba Juice, I'd rather drive a few extra miles out of my way to go to a different location with competent service and consistently great quality.
4	Very nice service here, but make sure you take a couple of sips of your drink before walking out as they tend to under blend at this location.
2	i wasn't very hungry but decided I would check out Jamba Juice while my wife ordered food somewhere else. I wasn't too impressed. Service was great and my order arrived quickly. I ordered the Mega Mango because I love mangos. I figured I could not go wrong...but I was wrong. It just wasn't good. I might try it again at some point and hopefully the next time if I order something different it will be good. I guess I will give them one more chance but if the next thing I order sucks then I will not ever consider it again.
1	First time at Jamba Juice. Smoothies are fine i guess. Food is crap. First of all they barely had any sandwiches. I wanted to get their Thai sweet chili wrap but they didn't have it. So we got a grilled cheese. It was so piss poorly made. Barely any cheeses. Should've cost a buck MAYBE. No love
3	Just a generic Jamba Juice. Tastes amazing as always. Nothing exciting here. The service is good and relatively fast but this location was a little dirty. At least the staff was friendly.
4	Workout over gotta get my juice on
4	I love the drinks.  Place is usually not busy, so that's a plus.But the tables and chairs are usually messy.  They could clean a little more.
5	I personally never had a bad experience at all with this location. Staff is kind, and gets my drinks right. It's busy depending on the time of the day, so usually when the students comes out from school that's when there is a long line, but they get my drinks out in a timely matter. I haven't been here in a year and they changed a lot, their drink sizes are now "small medium and large" with an option of a kid's size as well. Back then it wasn't offered and the sizes were like "sixteen - blah blah". The cups are now a hard cardboard like material instead of the styrofoam they had in the past. I don't mind the changes, I like it now because the styrofoam had a better chance of getting a hole poked in it. I just wish I knew someone who was holding a fundraiser because I would always buy one or two of the "Bogo" cards for $10. That's a steal right there! Location is perfect, I can get my lunch and shopping and juice all in the same place (I'm a chipotle fan). Favorite drink is Orange Dream Machine, and if you sign up to be a jamba insider you get $3 off your next purchase! Nice! Overall good drinks and good customer service.
1	Worst experience at a Jamba Juice. Took almost a half hour for JUICE! No one told me what was going on with my order, and no one informed me my order was juice (the menu implied it, but it was literally the first day they even offered juice so I didn't know.). I was offered a replacement but had already made the people with me wait so long I didn't want to get anything else. So. Annoyed.
2	I've had a few different smoothies at Jamba Juice - the Mango-a-go-go used to be really good but over time, I find it's now just really sweet & not too impressive. The Caribbean passion is the same way. When they introduced the Fit 'N Fruitful smoothies, I gave those a try, to only find myself disappointed. They almost just tasted watery & unappetizing. I haven't had the oatmeal in a while but it used to be a pleasant breakfast.Since it's hot here 80% of the time, it's nice to get something cold & refreshing but when there are so many competing smoothie places, it's hard to choose Jamba as my place to go.
1	What a TERRIBLE experience!!!!!! The first time I went to this Jamba Juice location I walked in expecting to be greeted by the cashier and was shocked when I didnt even receive a simple hello or smile. The young kid just looked at me as if I was nonexistent! I was right in front of him! Then, when I ordered a cold buster he said, "I have no idea what that is." He grabbed one of his coworkers and the woman who was helping him said, "You really don't know what that is, are you kidding me?!" Not a way to treat a customer OR a coworker. Very rude. Today, I decided to give it one more try, as I do work nearby. I walked in only to find that the cash registers weren't working and they were only able to accept cash (understandable, things happen). That was NOT what frustrated me. I was frustrated when I ordered a smoothie and the woman (Aldea?) started laughing at me and seemed to be extremely sidetracked on the customer behind me. I had to repeat the order multiple times in between her giving her attention to another customer rather than mine and joking with her coworker (blonde with long hair). After repeating myself several times she responded, laughing,  "I have no idea what's going on right now." I didn't think it was a difficult task, I was just trying to order a smoothie.... To top it off, when the smoothie was finally given to me the blonde behind the counter snidely handed it to me and said "The color's a little off." That happens to be a statement, not a solution. Completely unnecessary. Beyond unprofessional, employees greatly lack customer service skills, VERY disappointed. Sticking to Starbucks across the way!
5	I got my veggie servings all in one smoothie.  Can't beat that.  Service was fast and friendly.  We sat outside before our smoothies were done thinking we would just see when they were done and run inside and get them but they brought them outside before we could get up.
5	I was in there this morning and the girls were very friendly! I spilt my smoothie all over and unfortunately didnt have time to wait for another one. But the other girl had already made me another one! I left a happy customer! :D
1	Turnover is horrendous past 6 months. Service sub par and orders come out wrong. 3 out of 5 orders wrong in last two weeks of purchase.
1	I sought out Jamba Juice their highlighted drink with the giant picture- that's what I wanted. But they were missing two of the four ingredients! I'll never go back there again
