3	I remember Jackie. She was a bloody-good kisser. I mean, hot dang. But, she really wasn't much to look at. OK, to be fair, it's not like she was ugly or anything, she just didn't really stand out in a crowd. She was the type of person you could go to school with for 8 years and not know it.Eggheads isn't much to look at, and the dining room leaves a lot to be desired, but the food is outstanding.After the fact, I secretly wanted the place to look how it tasted, and if it had, I probably would have visited years ago... You know, while I was still living in Charlotte. You may call that judging a book by it's cover, and you would probably be right.It took waking up late on a Sunday morning on a weekend trip, and still wanting breakfast at 11:55am. I have a lot of respect for places that serve a full menu all day, and doesn't include the words "waffle" and "house".I ordered a coffee and the biscuits and gravy, and my wife got "The Works" omelette. I've had some pretty good omelettes and have some that tasted like a bicycle tube, but the bite I snitched off my wife's plate while she was looking the other way was probably the best tasting egg dish I've had. The potatoes that were on the side of both dishes were very tasty.We had to wait for a while, as they seemed to be a little understaffed, which made the service a little soggy, but it was worth it. Besides, we weren't in a rush or anything. The cost is a little steep for what you think is just a basic breakfast, but I thought the portions were appropriately matched to the cost.Eggheads is a great place to eat, if you can pick it out of the crowd. Take that chance though, just remember to close your eyes while you're kissing.
3	We ate here before the USA/England game this weekend. The Black & Blue wrap on jalapeno cheddar was delicious. It had great flavor with red pepper and mushroom. The future wife said it was so good that she would actually come back just for it. So there you go. i got the egg salad sandwich. For some reason,  i had a good egg salad a long time ago, and always think i'm going to like it again, but i am never fully satisfied. i'm giving up on them. It wasn't bad, just as always, nothing great. Seemed like this place had a good menu for breakfast also (as the name might imply). There is a bar in the back. Seemed like an odd place to have a bar, but they do. If i still lived uptown, i'd love to try breakfast here. But the wrap itself might bring us back regardless.
5	This is a gem of a place for a mid afternoon stop, the crowd is great. the service is perfect and the food is FANTASTIC.If you need a mid day pick me up (which at that time I did, blah on vacation and had A COLD), Eggheads definitely cheered me up.
2	This was the worst meal I had while weekend-ing in Charlotte. Are you for real, Eggheads? First, you made me wait a solid 15 minutes for a table. No biggie, but when the food is total trash and service is slower than molasses, I tend to get irritable. When we were finally seated we had to pretty much beg for drinks which of course took forever, but OK, it's the South, I was expecting and almost looking forward to the slow pace of life, but not like this. I ordered biscuits and gravy, mostly because I don't love eggs and I mean again, I was trying to be into the spirit of things and be "Southern". Well, after waiting a year and a day for the food, I was presented with biscuits that were burned and rock hard with almost no flavor and gravy that was mediocre. I ate half of one and was done. She also forgot my potatoes and tried to charge me for them in the end. No way lady. Now, I understand that no one meant to mess up my meal, and, me feeling happy to be on vacation, I decided to go with the flow. The waitress kept bringing me water and more sweet tea, even when I didn't ask for it, and the table started to fill up with glassware. Also, at one point my friend had to get up and get his own milk for his coffee since after a second attempt to ask the waitress for a dairy product for his cup of Joe and she still didn't oblige, he had to be proactive. I know there are not many places to eat in Charlotte, but keep this one off your list. Find something else or cook for yourself. It wasn't even worth the $8 I spent (including tip) because I barely at anything and had the longest breakfast ever. Yes, I am a jaded New Yorker, but I also know that there is a difference culturally between New York and Charlotte services, and that's fine, but this was ridic.
3	Had lunch here this week and last week.  This is a new place and still is having some growing pains with the waitstaff but the food is super!  I was here this past Tuesday and saw the waitress bring out our order and take it to two other tables and asked those tables what they ordered before she came to ours *sigh*.  I have had the Southern Fried chicken salad and the Blackened Chicken Salad, both were good.  The avacado on Blackened Chicken salad was too ripe (brown spots and stuff) - it was a little weird.  But my friend had the special last week and it was fantastic and cheap.  It was $7.95 for a fantastic chicken breast over unreal 'smashed potatoes'.  My friend Tuesday got the wrap special which he said was excellent but in the description the waitress neglected to tell him there was bacon on the wrap and he is Muslim so we had to pick it out but other than that he said it was awesome.  The fries that came with the wrap are also VERY good.  So I will keep going here and may even try it for a work breakfast!!
5	The pancakes are wonderful. They are made with sweet cream instead of buttermilk and are crispy to the bite. My friend and I split the egghead burger on a pretzel roll and had a pancake for dessert. Very tasty!
3	Decent place uptown, they have a breakfast menu (served all day hrs are 8A to 3P) along with standard lunch menu with reasonable prices. The service was ok but I had to chase down the girl to get our bill but I just think it's part of their adjustment period of being new. I got the Cobb Salad with avocado and it was great, my friend got the veggie omelet and it looks tasty. I was all about getting the eggs originally but when I got there nothing was singing to me like the salad was so salad it was, I hate when that happens.I definitely want to see how their breakfast is since you know, their name is Eggheads and all and think it will be a good alternative to the normal staples around it (Showmars, Just Fresh, Dean And Deluca, etc) that are around the Latta Arcade area.
4	We discovered this little place last fall before a Panther game and now we do "to go" regularly for their fried egg sandwich. Yum! The omelettes look great, too.
3	The food here is pretty good. I have had the BLT and the other half has had a few sandwiches. They have delicious chips, sweet potato fries (need to serve honey with them but oh well), and onion rings. I have also heard coworkers say the burgers and om lets are pretty good. The decor is lacking, and they need to fix their tables. The service is also in need of a refresh. We walked in with a party of 5, well they told us we would have to sit separate even though the tables could easily be pulled together. Once seated we sat for a few minutes without menus. Our food 2 sandwiches, 2 salads and a cheese om let took about 40 minutes to cook (they were not busy by far). Refills were also slow going as were the checks. Lunch will take you about an hour and a half, so have some wiggle room in your schedule.
1	Decided to try this place for the first time for breakfast.  Never again, the service was terrible.  Got seated right away our server got drinks, But thats all we got. Waited for breakfast for 45 minutes. Asked 3 servers and the manager to see whats taking our food so long. All of them just ignore us. Told the server we were leaving. Management needs to work on there wait staff and kitchen staffs.  Servers too busy chatting with friends and not taking care of there customers.  Don't waste your time going here.  Very disappointed!!!
1	Was ignored when I came in... ended up seating myself. Was ignored for 10 minutes (the place wasn't busy) before someone had to ASK if I had been helped... with what 10 tables and 4 servers... you should be able to keep track of who has been helped. Got ONE cup of industrially bad coffee... food took forever to serve, and I never even GOT the potatoes that were a part of the meal (this is a common complaint if you read all the reviews)... Food was not even that good... the sausage gravy is commercially bought, not fresh or the least bit authentic.  Sat for another 15 minutes waiting for someone to take my bill (again, another common complaint) and finally ended up going to pay it at the register (where I was also ignored for a few minutes).On the bright side, it was dirt cheap.Went to Amelie's Bakery (the annex on Tryon) where I was greeted with smiles, great food and wonderful fresh coffee. Shame they don't serve a full breakfast there!
2	The place was buzzing when I arrived for Saturday brunch with quite a few late morning customers.  My BFF had already arrived and was seated.  After perusing the menu, I decided on the Cajun omelet with two stack pancakes (one plain, one cranberry nut) and pineapple-orange juice.  My BFF ordered The Works omelet and a half order of French toast.  My beverage was a perfectly hand-mixed ratio of OJ to pineapple... ok, we're off to a good start here!  I was so looking forward to the omelet which was supposed to contain blackened chix breast, mushrooms, green pepper, onion, spicy cheeses, and Cajun sauce... so, why did my omelet arrive without any chix?  Ok, now we're on a slippery slope downhill from here!  I now have no chix, and both pancakes are cranberry nut... really!!!???  Where's my plain flapjack, folks?  However, let me just say, while my palate was quite disappointed that my food did not arrive as I had ordered, it was not a totally tasteless experience.  The omelet was still tolerable, even without my much anticipated chix, and the pancakes were delish!  The two stack cranberry nut pancakes saved the day!  Once they were buttered down and doused with syrup, they were lip smacking good.  And, they were so huge I could only eat one, and had to tote the other out the door with me, after eating most of my "vegetarian omelet" and the light sprinkling of a very few undercooked diced potatoes which accompanied it.In the end, I spoke with one of the managers, the cook was taken to task for omitting my chix, and I was offered a free return visit on the house.  I plan to take them up on their offer to see if there will be an overall improvement in them simply providing what is offered on their menu!  We'll see if Egghead becomes a name for more than just the restaurant... LOL!
5	I was just making a list in my profile about the best breakfast places in Charlotte and realized that I didn't write a review for this place (head down in shame).  Well.... here it is.  I don't think you are able to live in the city without trying this place out.  My first week here, I asked everyone that we talked with to tell me the best breakfast place and the best hot dog spot.  Eggheads was definitely #1 and Green's was #1 for the dogs.  You must try the fried egg on a pretzel roll.  It is the epitome of deliciousness on a bun.  We also go 1st class and get the banana strawberry moon-sized pancake (NO, I am not 400lbs, not yet).  Home fried potatoes and cinnamon toast are the next necessity.  For breakfast, this place is top shelf Grade-A.  Enough cliche tag lines for ya??  Trust me, do it!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	NOOOOOOOOoooooooooo  I saw boards on the windows and the sign was taken down.  I havent found any news about it yet but it looks as though they closed up shop.. I thought I was keeping this place alive all by myself at the very least.. One more time..NOOOOOOOoooooooooo
