1	I signed my son up for Karate lessons with high hopes, but quickly came to realize that the owner of Karate for Kids, Greg Moody, is only in it for the money. They push your kids through a $60 graduation every month, whether they deserve it or not, just to get the money. They have added numerous belts that don't exist in the real Martial Arts world, so your kid can have far more "graduations". If you want the best for your kid, find a different Karate school.
5	My son and daughter both became blackbelts at this school. Now my daughter has a full scholarship for college while my son is a fourth degree blackbelt and teaches.  Different paths, but both influenced by the discipline and fun from this art.  I highly recommend.
1	I just read Melissa D's review and laughed. It's either the owner himself posing as a woman, or a friend of his who has been going around and writing positive reviews of his schools (I've seen a few reviews written by the same person). I can't emphasize enough to stay away from the belt factory called "Karate for Kids", the chain really exists for the owners to feed off of parents' love for their children ($$) and not to help kids. While my son was enrolled I heard other parents' stories, and not many were positive.
3	I hate seeing this place called a "belt factory", but only because I did martial arts with people associated with this place yrs ago and though I don't know who is in charge these days I can tell you the idea is not to be a belt factory.  There are great instructors and just because they tell you they are ready for the next belt doesn't mean you have to let your kid do it if you want to slow them down.  With proper instructors who care about the kids and not the money I think martial arts is great for kids!! I recommend trying out a couple different places until you find what you're looking for for your child.  If you just wanna give away money and let your kid THINK he's the next Bruce Lee then go to a "belt factory"!!  They usually have a cheap 1 month "trial", so try it out and see what you think.  Then you can decide which place is good for your kid long term.
2	Where do I start?The instructors are great, but go a bit too easy on the kids, especially with regards to earning their belts...Otherwise, my main objection to this place is the cost. The first 6 months are $100/mo for each child (no discount for the 2nd; but the rest of the family is free after that) and every 8 weeks your child graduates (whether you think they really deserve it or not--let's face it, you can't "hold them back" if the rest of the class, including their brother, is moving on) and each graduation carries a $50 - $80 fee (for each child). Oh, and then there is the gear that is required: $40 for gloves; $40 for foot gear; $50 for a foam bat that can be made for $5 (but are not ATA approved, so you can't use them in class). All of this times 2 for my two boys.Then, on top of that, they are strongly encouraged to switch from the "basic" $100/month class to the "weapons" training $150/month class with even more weapons and gear to buy and tournaments to enter (don't forget those belt ceremonies every 8 weeks!)Unbelievable that anyone could truly afford this. I'd rather put that $400-$450/month into their college funds. It will do them a whole lot more good in the long run.Until then, we'll keep hiking and biking and swimming. Total cost: $0/month.
5	I think the respondents below haven't bothered to think that Karate for Kids is ideal for many parents like myself. We are not looking for our child to be the next Bruce Lee, UFC champ or Bar Fight specialist.  Many of us are looking for a place that instills values, discipline and basic martial arts in our children. I like how they have patience with kids and work well the parents. We are looking for an extra curricular activity for our children and like the discipline, respect and self defense that comes with karate. I guess for you UFC fighters, this place doesn't cut it, okay. But for the soccer moms and dads who want their kid to be in a supportive environment in which their kid is having fun and enjoying this, why am I going to complain? Regarding the belt factory comment...maybe they are but once again, I say fantastic! There are also dojos that deliberately hold students back and don't advance belts because they are trying to be selective and elitist. I don't want that either and there are plenty of those places around. I'll take a belt factory any day. With regard to price. Name a cheap martial arts center? You won't find one. They are all expensive and they all have their catches. You don't have to spend a lot if you don't choose to. Most of the students don't engage in weapons training so it's silly to imply all students pay for weapons and that's part of their expenses.
