2	Ugh!  Having lived in Spain for over two years and visited all regions I was excited to find this restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh.  Yes, the majority of the staff is Spanish, but the food is not!  Nearly all of the dishes we ordered, and we ordered a lot were a poor attempt at recreating Spanish cuisine.  If you haven't been to the real Spain, you'll probably think this place is great.  If you want real Spanish food, you'll have to find another place.  (I'd welcome any suggestions).  On a side note, we brought our toddler here and were given some of the most horrible looks by staff and patrons.  The only way you'd ever catch me here again was sitting at the bar trying to enjoy Sangria and having real Spanish beer.  Don't waste your money!!!
3	La Tasca is always a safe bet for an evening meal. Nothing spectacular but decent tapas at good prices. Stay away from the fried stuff and go fir the fish dishes (although I would recommend the patatas bravas).If you are feeling particularly summer-y / trashy, you should get the sangria, I always do :)
3	I came here once on a date (a rather awkward one at that) and thought the Spanish decor and warm atmosphere would put me at ease. But it didn't! The restaurant itself has been decorated in true traditional Spanish style and looks amazing when you first walk in. We were shown to our seat  - a lovely one in the window -  but our table was messy and there was food everywhere. I found this odd, as there were only 3 other tables in at the time, they wern't exactly busy.We ordered a selection of tapas and was impressed at how quickly it came, but sadly I wasn't impressed by the food. To me, Tapas is really exciting and full of flavour, but the dishes we had were boring and really rather plain. I got the impression it had some straight from the freezer.As a franchise it's a nice addition, the location is great and the staff are friendly. Didn't leave me singing la vida loca, however.
4	Great location in the city center with the Castle close by. It was such a nice way to end our time in Edinburgh. I was a Tapas virgin until I came here and the waiters were super friendly and helpful. I think even the manager of the restaurant came by at one point so I feel like they are making a real effort since the time the other reviews were posted. The staff was friendly and gave us plenty of time to ponder and order, explaining as they went and asking about whether we had been previously. In fact, they were so attentive that I was surprised when my boyfriend told me it was a chain!The food was pretty much an A. I have had Tapas a couple time since then and the food has basically tied with this place with no clear surpassers in terms of flavors. However, the menu seems to have changed quite a bit in the past 6 months or so?The interior is quite the contrast to the formal facade. It's rustic with truly Spanish inspired art and warm yellow coloring. The lacquered wood furnishings and bright accents really make you feel like you're in the country itself. Many different kinds of people sat amid the animated pillows making it comfortable and welcoming. Good for date nights or family dinners and anything in between!
1	I'm a sucker for a deal, and was drawn in to La Tasca by a 40% offer, despite vague memories of family members warning me that this wasn't a place of good food. I let cheapness overrule my brain. What a mistake. Firstly, it was late lunch, and there were only a handful of people eating. That meant the servers were not exactly swept off their feet... but it took a lifetime to take my order.  In fact the lady who enticed me off the street, happened to wander by and I was able to get my meal ordered then. I ordered a selection of vegetarian tapas including patatas bravas and a aubergine and mozzarella dish. When it arrived disturbingly quickly it was apparent they all had something in common - a microwave. Yup - pre cooked deep fried potato, then zapped in some super heater, and brought out for your soggy delight. The aubergine came out felt at first lukewarm, then I discovered it was stone cold in the middle. I took a photo to demonstrate the sad presentation (I took a scoop out, but the tomato sauce "dumped" on the plate was preserved for it's lack of artistic merit. (servers magically appeared when I took a photo as well... I guess it isn't welcomed here to take photos of your food).I tried to get someone's attention. I failed. I looked around. Then I got bored, and, not wanting the rest of my reheated meal to get cold, I went to the bar. Then, I had 3 servers descend on me (heavens! a diner has left their seat!). I guess I got the end of the last prepacked aubergine dish, as the new plate came out piping hot and equally quickly as the original order. So in summary, I had a poor imitation of tapas that day with dreadfully slow service, saved only by the fact it was super cheap due to the offer on that day. I won't return - the fast food nature (actually given fast food tends to be cooked fresh... I'm giving fast food a bad name here) of this restaurant makes me think you can do better by going elsewhere.
