5	I began going to my chiropractor 5 years ago when I ended up with an out of the blue muscle spasm that was so bad I couldn't tie my shoes that morning. By the end of the work day I was nearly in tears and picked the first woman chiropractor out of the yellow pages that was near by. I hit the jackpot! They fit me in right after work because the pain was so bad and by the end of the session I had full range of motion again. I went to them for the next two years and while I should have kept up on my and keeping myself healthy (come on, we all slack!), I didn't. I went back this past week because of a car accident that I was in and my goodness I forgot what chiropractic care could do for you! Yesterday I was in so much pain I didn't want to move and today I feel nearly 95% better. Dr. Powell and his very friendly staff are absolutely amazing. The atmosphere is very relaxing, attitudes are very down to earth and put you at ease and they are always keeping themselves updated with new technology to make their practice better. They not only have chiropractic care, but Reiki and massage therapy as well and homeopathic remedies.Not only do they really care about their clients but they stay active in their community, which to me, says a lot about a person in general.I would recommend Powell Chiropractic Wellness Center to anyone who is having pain in any way, shape or form!
5	Dr. Powell treated me throughout the end of my pregnancy and beginning of postpartum.  There are so many worries to have during pregnancy and finding the right chiropractor can be challenging.  Dr. Powell made me feel instantly at ease and helped with my back issues.  He is very warm and welcoming and great with kids!  His office staff is also great and it's always easy to get in for an appointment (even last minute).
5	I do not go to the chiropractor for any ailments, I just enjoy going, feeling the "crack and pop," and enjoy the results I receive from it for my running regiment. With that being said, Dr. Powell is very thorough, explains everything in terms you can understand and makes you feel comfortable from the moment you meet him. He is very knowledgable and his staff is friendly as well. It was an overall great experience. I will be going back and using all the yearly visits my insurance plan allows.
5	Dr. Powell is by far THE BEST chiropractor in the Pittsburgh region. Why, you may ask? Well, here is a list to enlighten you.TOP 10 REASONS DR. POWELL IS THE BEST10. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes to be seen9. I always get my first requested appointment8. His receptionist, Jane, is extremely sweet and friendly7. He does not talk above the patient. You are his equal, and he is there to help6. His knowledge about health and wellness is expansive. He was able to suggest alternative medicines for me to talk for my sleeping issues. 5. He has a website full of resources4. Mechanical and manual back services are available and he will do whichever you like. (A cracking device vs. his hands) 3. You can tell he is genuinely interested in how you are and how your day is going2. Some chiro techniques may hurt, his, feels wonderful and leaves you feeling refreshed.AND THE # 1 REASON...1. HIS TECHNIQUES WORK. You see results, Sometimes I get lazy and stop going, and boy do I regret it in a few weeks.If you go to anyone else you are missing out. Powell is by far the BEST.
