5	From the outside this place looks like a neighborhood dive bar.  Step through the feng shui red door, and things take on a different feel.I've lunched at CC's at least 10 times, but only once for dinner.  Go with a friend for lunch, and split these two items:  the ahi tuna sandwich, and the butternut squash ravioli.  The soup is also quite tasty.Cost:  Cheap, amazing food for lunch...not cheap (3X more) for dinner.
5	Everyone I've told about this place has become a regular... its that good.  Homemade pasta every day, great specials, and a family restaurant feel.  Family favorites include hot pepper soup, ahi tuna, $20 bottles of wine, and anything with the garlic cream sauce.   Not open for lunch right now.
5	Don't let the exterior fool you, there are tasty treats inside! This place is great, I have been here twice now, and can't wait to go back. The Bar has ample selection, and a great knowledgeable bartender. The staff is super friendly, and know what they're doing. The Chef knows her shit in the kitchen! I recommend the pecan crusted salmon (so good!), and the butternut squash ravioli. But everything I have had here was awesome.Totally worth finding, and checking out. You won't be sorry!
4	When a place has horrible service but wonderful food, what's the user review tipping etiquitte? I don't want to rave about the food because I was so embittered by the laisse fare attitude of our waiter, who - nonetheless-was serving the whole dining room.So what if it was bad for me...I would highly recommend the food and the atmosphere, just not the waiter we had at the moment we had him. Greens n beans were delicious. My friends got prosciutto and pea openne - excellent! Chicken parm was incredible. Sauces are fabulous. Seafood bisque was so buttery. Sharpsburg scares me, but this place is great!
4	I ate here last night for dinner with my girlfriend after reading some of the reviews on Yelp.  The outside of the restaurant is ho-hum and not much to look at but the inside is quaint and quite nice.We were seated almost immediately in a booth and told of the many different specials that they had that evening.  Since we were trying to make it to a movie, we decided to forgo an appetizer and have entrees only.  For my entree I decided upon the Russian shrimp which had shrimp, mushrooms and artichokes in a vodka sauce while my girlfriend decided on the pasta al pesto with chicken.  They were both served with homemade pasta and we were delighted when given the choice between linguine, angel hair, penne or pepper linguine.  Both my girlfriend and I ended up choosing the pepper linguine.  Shortly after ordering our server came out with some nice slices of Italian bread paired with an olive oil and spice dipping sauce (oregano and other items) which tasted wonderfully.  Both of our entrees also came with salads that were mixed and plated table side much to our surprise.  The salad had a nice house dressing on it and tasted nicely, especially with the Gorgonzola cheese on the side which the server recommended.  With both the salad and bread being delicious I was really looking forward to our entrees.  After they came out I first tried the pasta al pesto and it was delicious with the sauce matching the pepper pasta perfectly.  Then I tried my dish and I have to admit that I was somewhat disappointed.  The vodka sauce seemed watered down and by that I mean that it had a watery consistency and was very bland, almost like water had been added at the very end.  That made my meal somewhat disappointing as everything else in it was good and cooked perfectly.  It also dropped what would have been a five star review down to four.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Everything except for my sauce was fantastic and I would go so far as to call this place a hidden gem.  With that comment though, I really want to think that the sauce that I had was a mistake and not what it is normally like.
4	One of the best Pittsburgh restaurants that no one talks about.Beet & goat cheese salad is a must.Butternut Squash Ravs... Yum
5	Unbelievable is the best word to describe the food at CC's Cafe. You just don't expect that food quality in a small neighborhood bar. Their chef loves to create and it shows.  Anita and her sister run the restaurant/bar, they are both friendly and welcoming. CC's is a small, easy to miss, hole in the wall. I drove right past it the first time we went. There are only a dozen or so tables, plus a comfortable bar. The first thing you will appreciate is the local ambiance. We were new to the area and felt right at home. Our server, Bridget was exceptional. She sat us quickly and was attentive to our every need. We ordered their spicy pepper soup and baked brie as starters. OMG! The spicy pepper soup was like a drinkable spaghetti sauce I once enjoyed while visiting Tuscany. The flavors were both complex and well balanced. The baked brie with raspberry sauce was exceptional.  I next enjoyed their version of the Wedge salad. Yum... For my main course I ordered the Past Diablo it was fantastic, the pasta was cooked perfectly and the shrimps were large, plump and perfect in texture.   My wife Rose had fillet medallions, she ordered them medium rare and they were cooked perfectly. After eating everything we were stuffed but loved the food so much we tried their deserts. We were not disappointed there either. The Cannoli I tried was on par with some of the better cannoli's I have had while living in Chicago. My wife loved Key Lime Pie. We have been back several times. One of the best nights to go is Tuesday for fish tacos. Incredible fish, great value; for us it is well worth the 30 minute drive to get there. If you are looking for a fast paced chain restaurant then this is not the place for you. This place is more like eating at your favorite Aunty's house.
5	Sharpsburg is not an area of Pittsburgh that I frequent on a regular basis.  My friend John and I get together every few months for dinner and he recommended this joint.  I immediately said yes (I love a new adventure) and did not do any research.  I actually had no clue I was headed for an Italian feast that was both filling and flavorful.  I thought we were headed out to a dive-bar for wings and beer.  When we came off the Highland Park Bridge and wrapped around the exit, CC's was right along the main drag, literally a stone's throw from the bridge.  Entering the restaurant, the parking was limited, but lot was well kept (after a snow storm recently occurred in the city).  It seemed as though we were entering a house party in one of Pittsburgh's thriving "Mill-Town's" of yesteryear.  The bar was tiny, as well as the dining room.  If I could have a complaint, it would be the close quarters of the joint.  The bartender spotted us entering and immediately sat us in the dining room.  We were immediately welcomed with water and Italian bread with dipping oil.  I had Onaga (mild Hawaiian fish) drenched in butter and pomegranate reduction sauce served with broccoli (my choice).  I started with a caesar salad.  John had the iceberg wedge salad (HUGE) to start and Veal for his entree.  We split a $20 bottle of Malbec.  I literally wanted to lift and lick my entree plate upon completion (held back from doing so).  I mentioned that the close quarters environment as a negative, but well into the dining experience this was quickly forgotten.  The waitress knew all of the specials and opened the bottle of wine with ease and confidence.  5 STARS with a purpose!!!
4	Tucked in restaurant in Sharpsburg that we love to go to when we want great Italian food close by. The prices are more expensive but well worth it for the entrees. I got the vegetable fettuccine with garlic and oil. But I really should have gotten the butternut squash ravioli with pine nuts. It is absolutely the best butternut squash ravioli I have ever tasted- highly recommend! It's in a quiet location in Sharpsburg that isn't very fancy but they really focus on the quality of food. It's a great little nook in Pittsburgh that  is part of what makes the city so great.
5	We come here often and always enjoy the food, service and atmosphere! Locally owned and friendly. The steak medallions are my fav!
5	This place is nothing less than one of THE Top 5 Restaurants in Pittsburgh.  They Have Hawaiian Walu  Fed Ex'd in for guaranteed freshness and prepare it in a pomegranate reduction - that's all I need to say - if you don't visit this restaurant - then you are truly missing out on some culinary greatness.
5	CC's is a great place for a low-key, but super delicious meal.  There's a great bar in the front of the space and about 10 tables in the back.  I grew up eating lots of homemade Italian food, so I'm pretty picky about how I like it prepared when we go out to eat.  This place makes my tummy happy and reminds me of my childhood Sunday dinners. I ordered the chicken picatta, which is really scrumptious and was told that there's a nice choice of sides from which to choose. (I went with the steamed broccoli sprinkled with parm and was way happy about it.) Also, the beet salad (check out my pictures) is like heaven on a plate.  It's worth the up-charge for sure.On a more adult note, I really appreciate that this place offers about 10 or so $20 wine bottles on their drink menu.  It's rare to find a restaurant that offers legit wine for less than $50 or so per bottle.  I love to share wine at dinner and one bottle is usually the perfect amount when there's an appetizer and a main meal involved.  Finally, the bar is a really cozy place to have a drink and wait for a table, but you could end up sitting there for the better part of an hour if you don't call ahead or make reservations.
