2	I tried to walk in to 2 other places nearby for a Sunday afternoon pedicure and was rejected at both due to closing time and a wait. Thanks to Yelp, I found this place right around the corner in an obscure location. It was desolate, which enabled me to walk right in and sit at one of the 8 pedicure stations. Upon first glance, the place was on the dingy side and wasn't the best atmosphere. I looked closer and the stations themselves were clean, but the supply carts, airbrush station, and areas behind the chairs were filthy.  The selection of polishes was slim and also needed some cleanup with lots of painted-on bottles (glad I brought my own!). People had test painted colors all over the rack of polishes.  It seems than one careless individual inspired everyone else to do the same (I had never seen this).  Even when visiting cheaper nail salons, I'd like them to have a clean and relaxing environment.  The pedicure itself was pretty good when judging the quality of the nail job itself.  The technician was gentle and precise.  For $20, it was very good.I'm grateful to have found my Sunday pedicure....but think that US Nail & Spa won't be anywhere near the top of my list just because of the less than spa-like atmosphere.I waffled between 2 and 3 stars.  The atmosphere was definitely a 2....but because I'm now sitting at home with nice looking toes, I'd consider a 3.  But days later the place still gave me weird, dirty vibes.  It's a solid 2.
5	Best pedicure in LV..
1	I prob won't return- came with a gift certificate(that they did not know I had until it was time to pay) and still I experienced this:I was a walk in and was greeted within me sitting down to wait. I told Then I wanted a spa mani/pedi, and a different girl got up and put her magazine down, like I interrupted her day! Got the pedicure chair and tools ready.To save you the whole long silent process,here's the nutshell:I do like it when I don't have to talk to anyone while I'm there, because I just kind of like to enjoy the services, so it was a bonus she didn't ask about my day.On the down side, she cut two of my toes till they were bleeding at the cuticle and one of my fingers.She did a decent job at the painting ( I brought my own polish), but as far as the cuticle trimming went, it took really long, and after 4 days, the skin below each nail on every finger was peeling back-I've never had that happen especially after a manicure. Something about that isn't right to me. Yes, as a review states before, the place IS dirty-see their pics. IT STILL LOOKS LIKE THAT. Its been a week now since I had these things done and I've had to touch up all my nails for big chips....again not something I normally have to do, and its a fairly new OPI nails color. O well. at least it was free, sans tip.BTW-spa mani/pedi is $32
2	I usually am happy about the work from us nails, but this time I'm pissed. There are specks in my black tips.. The lady tried covering it up with a Rhine stone so it couldn't be seen. I told her no. They hardly speak English. The place is dirty. The woman doing my nails was on the phone 75% of the time, then left me for 20 minutes to do a woman's eye brows. Getting my nails done hurt, and they aren't supposed to.. I mean, my nails aren't even the same length. Pissed. I am pissed.
1	i should have read the reviews before i came here .... there was a lady in the chair when i showed up, when i was done she was still in the pedi chair i felt rushed and pushed thru ... i'll never go back
4	I must admit, if I would have seen their reviews here, many from over 2 years ago, I may not have tried them.  My experience has been awesome every time, and no it's not the Four Seasons by but its clean, and they do a great job. I've been getting my nails done twice a month, for 18 years. It's a chore not a pleasure now.  I was with one manicurist for 10 years, but I moved from Chicago. So, I have been hopping salons in Vegas for 7 years. My requirements are simple, but I am pretty particular.  YMMV because I realize that some want the spa "experience".. not me,  I want in and out fast as possible. I've got things to do besides spend 2 hours in a salon. ..I like my nails with french tips squared and even with no sharp corners. I like the white tip up a little higher and a UV gel top coat.  I've never had my acrylic lift, even in 3 weeks here. I also can spot corner cutting moves in a heartbeat (like skipping using the dremel to clean the bottom area of nails, next to the fingertip... they get yucky under there at times). This salon has always  delivered. No matter if busy or slow, I've always gotten perfect work from Lani.    Pedicures have always been long enough but not too long. I do enjoy that part, and when they're busy I've never ever felt like they were rushing to finish to get to the next client.Great selection of colored uv gel polishes.   I've always gotten great looking nails and they were exactly the way i asked for them. And I've never seen it dirty. Messy when busy, sure, but that goes for every salon.
1	Horrible! It must be under new management, the last time I came here it was way better. This time I had to wait for 2 people that came after me before I even got started. I had to walk out I was so upset. NEVER COME HERE.
5	I've been to U.S. Nail three times in the past two months, once with my five-year old daughter. I thought the staff was kind and competent. I don't think you could ask for more for a $20 pedicure. The last time I was there, the manicurist spent 60 minutes taking care of my feet. I have no complaints on the cleanliness of the place either. I'm glad I finally found a place I like that's close to home.
2	I was in the neighborhood and my fella decided to get a haircut next door. I needed to get my nails done as part of my bridesmaid's duties, so I figured why not knock out two birds with the one stone. Why oh why didn't I check reviews? Ok, my bad for choosing gel polish. I knew that the nails needed to last several days, and that I wouldn't have time when I got back into San Diego, so I went with them. Weeks later and my nails still haven't recovered, even after I carefully followed the instructions on how to remove them. I would argue that what followed is a hazard of gel polish, but there are things they could have done to improve the situation. My polish started peeling off at the tips, (thank goodness waiting the whole 3 days I needed it for)  snagging up my carefully grown nails right before my own wedding. I don't know why they didn't seal the tips, but they didn't and they started peeling from there down. I immediately tried to remove them, but it was too late, my nails started ripping off, sometimes below the quick. Okay, gel polish. Fail. But one of my pet peeves is when people are over aggressive about cuticle trimming, and not only do I have some rough patches on my fingertips from the process, she managed to slice open my finger something fierce.    Finally, my wedding ring is an heirloom. Don't ask me to just set it on a table so you can lotion up my hands. Work around the damn thing if you have to, I don't feel comfortable removing it, especially in an unknown place. I was willing to ignore a few hiccups. The gal was actually really nice, which is better than many places I've been too. But it's been over a month and my nails still are showing the damage and my fingertips are all rough and I just wish I'd waited and gone to Trany's in San Diego rather than chose this place out of convenience.
1	So I gave us nails a shot cause its close to my house. I asked for stiletto nails , and the lady said she could do them. I even brought a pic. Not only is ever single nail a different shape and length , but the polish is grooved and has bubbles. I told the lady it was bubbling , she told me it was fine. And hurried me out the door. Now I have to pay someone else to do my nails tomorrow. I also got a pedi , the pedi was ok. Not a good massage. I also got my eyebrows waxed , that about the best service they have. I am so disappointed and very upset with how my nails look. I could've painted them better.
