3	I'm visiting Mesa from Denver and I'm burning up. Craving cold ice tea I came to Walgreens.  Bought it. And left feeling accomplished
3	Walgreens is Walgreens.  This location is a bit sketchy depending on the time of day you go.   I have had people ask me for money outside and the parking lot is always very busy.  However, the staff is way helpful!  I was looking for travel size contact solution.  They pointed me in the right direction then had someone check on me to make sure that I found what I needed.  Good thing too because I would have left not seeing it.   I even got rung up in the cosmetic isle!
3	Decent location in what I would consider the not so fabulous section of Mesa. The lady at the counter was super friendly and I was in and out in no time with my $.69 Gatorade Peace A town, I'm out of here!
1	Went there today looking for some new Wet n Wild eyeshadow quads which they didn't have in yet.  Thought, hey I wonder if they have any NYX products.  So, I asked the employee who'd been following me and watching me like a hawk since I got into the cosmetics department -middle aged caucasian brunette - and she narrowed her eyes at me and said "no, that's dollar store stuff!" then smirked.  WTF..can the attitude lady.  They sell it at Ulta and Target..although not high-end, it's not dollar store.  Incidentally that was a yes or no question.  What a great way to start my birthday..with an embittered racist minimum wage employee.  Won't be shopping here in the future; though I live nearby.
1	The pharmacy here is a joke. .. I have had several occasions of bad service here on top of one very rude pharmacist. ..Go across the street and save yourself the headache!
1	Moved across town and needed refills.  The pharmacist was crabby and also told me I could only transfer 5 prescriptions (I moved from Gilbert to Mesa).  I had only transferred 3 at this point and they wouldn't help me at all.   They said it was a "Walgreen's Policy" which I know is not right.    Now I am having to drive over to Gilbert to obtain my refills.  Disgusting and disappointing, will definitely go elsewhere.
