5	I walked by this gym many times thinking it was mostly a boxing place because that's what you see from the street but in the back of the boxing rings is where all the cardio and weight machines are. This is a super cool, friendly, neighborhood gym. No frills but everything you need is there. Staff is super helpful and easily approachable, always goes out of their way to make you comfortable and at ease. They have the typical cardio stuff and tons of weight stuff, also a tanning bed and tanning sessions are priced right. No signup, enrollment or membership fees, and no contracts ! I also appreciated the lack of sales pitch, no hard sell here ! As a female member I feel totally safe in there, the East Side location and parking are convenient, and the neighborhood is very cool.
4	I love this place. I'm a competitive powerlifter, so when I'm looking for a gym while traveling I am very focused on the strength training equipment. While Ford's equipment is largely dated, it is functional and there are many options for free weight and machine work (if machine work is your bag). Squat racks are lovely, benches are adequate if a little worn, and there's generally enough room to get your work done. Everyone I ran across in my four or five days of lifting there while in town was absolutely friendly. I normally lift in a large, impersonal university gym in which everyone does his or her best to ignore one another, so I actually found this kind of surprising (and nice). $7/day is a very reasonable rate for daily visits and they have a 15-visit punch card for $90--again, reasonable if you're looking for a travel situation with a good gym. Hours are generally pretty solid throughout the week. Looking forward to lifting there again in a few weeks.
5	I love this friendly, neighborhood gym. It has everything you could want - cardio, weights, machines, trainers, power-lifting/strong man equipment, boxing, plus yoga and martial arts classes upstairs. This old-school gym is all about working out!  :-)
5	Best gym I ever worked out in. Period. I would've renewed my membership in a heartbeat had I not moved out of state this past Summer.The best part about the place is the atmosphere. No TVs, no frills, brick walls. People are there to improve their bodies and health and most are serious and focused, but the people I've interacted with have been real down-to-earth and friendly. And it's not just for powerlifters and bodybuilders. I've seen all types (genders, ages, body types, fitness levels), there. However, I have to say that seeing a guy bench 500 or deadlift 14 plates definitely makes you want to put 100% into your own workouts.
5	Madison's Hardest Working Gym. With the closing of the Cemetery circa 1992, Ford's - formally Muscles & Fitness remains Madison's only real gym. It's where you go to get in shape when the mega clubs have failed you. It's where you go to get strong, to be strong. It also has arguably one of the countries best Boxing programs, which has been nurtured by the legendary Bob Lynch. If you don't know who Bob Lynch is, look it up. Ford's has something for everyone - Strong Man equipment, Olympic gear, classic Powerlifing equipment and more. The place is always a bit dusty and musty... Why... Because it's a Freaking Gym, not a club or a spa. This is a place where legends train and are made.
