4	Personally, if I want a particular song or album I'll get myself on iTunes and download it; I don't see that there's any need to drag myself off the sofa to do something I can do in my pj's. My flatmate, on the other hand, thinks there's nothing better to do on any given afternoon than spending upwards of 45 minutes browsing shops for them, and so invariably I get dragged along too.For that reason, I've spent a fair share of my adult life in Fopp, and I have to say it's pretty great. What struck me is the sheer range of older stuff they still have as well as current stock, and I mean DVDs and computer games as well as music. It's basically like HMV but back before it started popping up on so many high streets that it just started annoying people.Ironically, the shop assistant I was chatting to on one of my more bored occasions was telling me that these guys were bailed out by HMV during the recession, but they've still retained that quirky style that Fopp had before.If you're into your music even a little bit, then this place is definitely worth a visit.
4	I hate walking past Fopp with my boyfriend or flatmate because both of them insist on wandering around here for what seems like hours. That being said, I do like Fopp and what it has to offer. It is almost a cheaper, more quirky version of HMV. Offering the usual chart books, DVD's and music as well as the less well known or more obsecure. Usually if I can't find what I'm looking for in HMV, Fopp will have it at a cheaper price. The book selection is suprisingly cheap and I usually pick up my summer reads here. I quite enjoy picking up films from my childhood or earlier in here for 3 quid a pop, as well as browsing the good selection of Box Sets. Watch out because it can get very busy with bored husbands and such like on a Saturday afternoon and nearer to Christmas.
4	If I ever need a CD or DVD, my first point of contact is Fopp. If they don't have it in stock (which is rare) they order it in for you. The store is on two levels, dvds and select music on the ground floor and dvds on the first floor. They also have a good selection of books, t-shirts and fun things  on the stairs as you walk up - which make it awkward to walk up. If it's busy, Fopp isn't the most enjoyable place to be in, but overall it's a really good music and dvd shop!
5	I nearly shed a tear after returning from my exchange year to find the Cockburn St branch of Fopp had gone into administration. It had plenty of ridiculously cheap albums,  rare vinyl and the overall ethos of good, affordable music was right on the button.This Rose St branch attempts to carry on that ethos but just a smidgen less successfully than it's lost brother. The music just isn't as cheap and clearly is aimed more at the mainstream tastes. Nonetheless it's still one of my favourite places to buy music and I'm more than willing to put up with the afore mentioned niggles as they rebuild their struggling business.
5	Despite having a somewhat questionable name, Fopp attempts to supply the world with the music that people like myself want. It focuses more on the older, rarer, less mainstream artists and thier albums, rather than its big cousin HMV. Fopp covers rock, R'n'B, metal and a huge range of other music genre's, so there is something for everybody. Music here is pretty cheap too, and there is always some sort of deal on to help make your purchases that little bit sweeter.its not just music though, that Fopp sells - theres DVD's, from world cinema to the latest blockbusters, clothing, and books - most of which are music or film related in some way.Fopp is a great place, and whenever I'm in here, I know I will leave with a whole bunch of things I didnt know I wanted.
4	Awww, good old Fopp. While the popularity of music downloads soar, and people in their teens regard CDs like something you'd play on a gramophone, Fopp stands on Rose Street resiliently, not freaking out by the onslaught of the digital age, but quietly selling their wares to a load of music loving aficionados. It's always absolutely rammed in here, as it's such a popular wee venue for music browsing, and a lot cooler and much less impersonal than some of the other music outlets around town.Fopp doesn't just sell CDs though, it also has an equally varied and distinct selection of DVDs, including a good section for world cinema, and I do like a good dose of Spanish language films, so I entertained myself perusing those for a while last time I was in. There are also books to be bought too, and I've used Fopp for the last few years for multi purpose last minute Christmas shopping. Life saving.
4	Another first for me - my first visit to Fopp.  Why have I not been before!  This is a great alternative to HMV, although they do apparently own Fopp.  That explains the first thing I noticed on entering the shop - the price tags were the same as HMV use.  That's a bit of a geeky thing to notice, I know.  It's just how I'm wired.I had a good browse over what they had, and there is a great selection, with CDs starting from very cheap.  It's not as big as the HMV on Princes Street, but it's still worth a visit if you're on Rose Street and need a music fix.The other reviews say it all - Fopp is much loved shop, and is hopefully going to be with us for a good while yet.  Fopp-ing brilliant.
4	The Fopp on Rose street is probably the most mainstream Fopp I have been in. A far cry from the Fopps that rest in Glasgow or the old ones which have been lost to time, this branch is clean cut and boasting a spacious environment in which to grab all your record needs.Although I love the Fopp brand and was extremely happy when I saw them saved, this shop in particular doesn't seem to have the same ethos as the other Fopps. While it still sells the more obscure selection of music and film, the feel to the shop is distinctively 'HMV' and not he independent feel bestowed on many Fopp branches. Nevertheless I would shop here over any other media store, just because it is Fopp, and just because I love them.
5	Fopp is amazing. Everyone knows it so I barely need to explain why it's so great, but here goes...- Affordable CD's from all genres (now if that's an encouragement not to download a torrent I dunno what is).- Dirt cheap DVDs which often turn out to be Oscar winners, world cinema offerings, cult classics or almost new releases.- A great book selection, varying from graphic novels to classics. Most are under a fiver!- A strong accessory range, including loads of affordable, high quality "Gummy" headphones.So really, there is a whole lot to love. When I say DVD's are dirt cheap, I mean many are a fiver, and loads are 3 quid meaning it's cheaper to buy one than rent out a video store. They host cult classics and many manga and world cinema offerings. Their stock is well ordered and the store layout makes sense. Almost all films turn up in here at some point. Their CD range is extensive, catering to all tastes for affordable prices. Their new release CD's sit alongside reviews, either made by the staff or quoted out of magazines. Their books are so affordable you can take a chance and buy something you know nothing about on a limb. They make the classics and cult favourites accessible, cool and affordable to kids.There is no other way to say it. I'd marry Fopp if it was legal.
4	Best music shop in Edinburgh, I really like how they sell pretty much everything and they have big discounts on many CDs.
5	I use to love this place so much that my email address is named after it! lolI haven't been for a while but I'm sure it's still amazing.It was more attractive past few years as I was a student and in adored various types of music that you couldn't find so easily (this is before everything was bought on the internet).
4	I really do like FOPP. Great GREAT range of DVDs and music. Not sure if its independent but at least I can get some good stuff here, also some cool books!
