4	We just happened to be walking aaway from our distination, which was closed.  The wind had picked up, it was starting to rain & we wanted something to warm us up.  We came across Frankfurter Eck & had two dishes with sides.  The flavour was delicious & the plating quite nice.  Ambience could use some updating, but the service was very sweet.  We were informed they just opened 5 days ago & had a draw going for the opening which we won a free dessert of fried apple rings in a wine mousse, it was soooo good!  Definitelyy has a lot of promise, I hope it does well.
5	Wie bei Mama (wenn deine Mama ne super koechin ist) :) This is some serious German food. I had Schweinebraten (the most succulent pork roast) and Knoedel (potato dumplings). My partner had Jaegerschnitzel (tenderized, breaded, and fried meat with mushroom sauce) and Spaetzle (herbed pasta). The sauces were all amazing--perfect consistency and super flavorful without being a salt bath. We also got some Currywurst for the baby, who gobbled it up. We managed to sample some of the Currywurst when baby looked the other way and nearly cried with joy--a little taste of home! The dessert was great as well... though they were out of the chocolate mousse that we had wanted. My partner is German and we both miss German food--though now we don't have to go far to get it. Finally, a German restaurant that lives up to the knock-out flavors of traditional German cooking. We'll definitely be back.
4	Ah, German food. Schnitzel and fried potatoes, roast beef and dumplings, sausage, noodles ...  If I closed my eyes, I was transported straight to Germany, to a cosy wood-panelled room with chintzy curtains, little ornaments and lace everywhere you look. When I opened them again, I was back in a very basic wee cafe - a couple of posters blue-tacked to the walls and as many tables and chairs stuffed in as possible. Frankfurter Eck lacks elegance - but it more than makes up for it in the food.BYO with no corkage, too. Book a table, starve yourself for the day, and go and eat your fill!
