5	Wonderful venue for a concert.  We had the "nosebleed" seats for Madeleine Peyroux and could see and hear perfectly.  Not a bad seat in the house!
5	Very nice facility.  Elegant, clean and classy.  I saw a show at the Salle Wilfrid Pelletier theatre and it was awesome.  The sound was fantastic.  The theatre seemed intimate even though it seats around 3000 people.  There are enough bars around that during an intermission you can actually get a drink and not have to guzzle it down before the show starts again!
4	Place des Arts is chic and with great sound and sight lines. Sometimes it feels a little nineties cheesy in the lighting design, but there are beautiful touches in the decor - I love the walkway in from St Catherine's with the slight incline and beautiful sculpted ceiling shapes, and the lounge bar that, as my charming companions pointed out, feels like a sexy cave. Who doesn't like a sexy cave?
5	Fantastic and intriguing place to see! Architecturally unique and modern. A nice place to hang out.Only complaint is that I see a lot of bums here... Other than that, awesome!
4	The Place des Arts is a beautiful building on the outside, but combined with the surrounding area is an awesome place to relax. On the outside premises and across the street there is some street art architecture with multiple triangle shaped beams which light up at night. Once inside, there is art wherever you walk, which mostly comprises of the actual building itself. Below the Places Des is a Metro entrance and across the street is the Complexe Desjardins so it's a very convenient location to hang out, take photos or just relax.
5	So modern and beautiful! Walking inside through the dim corridor with little lights shining from the floor is so awesome.It's a great classy venue for the best acts and shows in Montreal. I've seen a couple broadway type musicals and dance shows here, just love the room and seating area.The ticket office also has great service, I like how can you buy your tickets online and come pick them up free of charge.Last December, I bought tickets online to see Yen Shun performing arts show and unknowingly, a few days later received a gift certificate that could have been used for those tickets. When I went to the ticket office, they actually adjusted the price, refunded what I had paid and let me use the gift certificate. I was extremely pleased, I'm not sure other businesses would have made a price adjustment after the fact.
5	Place des Arts is the centre of the Montreal cultural universe. All the resident professional performance companies use its stages: the symphony orchestra, the ballet, the opera, theatre, as well as visiting artists. If you have just moved in Montreal and in need for high quality cultural experience this is the place to check first. I have seen so many amazing shows and renowned world artist in the halls of Place des Arts.Talking about the halls, there are six of them, built during different periods of time and subsequently bringing different experience during the shows. My preferences are with the Symphony House for its acoustics and Theatre Maisonneuve as the best space for ballet performances.The space inside and around Place des Arts was redesigned few years ago. The exterior now looks so modern and attractive that I would bring visitors just to check the ever changing digital art wall. This is also the place to go if you are in town during the famous international jazz fest, all the shows and street performances happen around, or when the festivals are over, just come to enjoy the jumping jet fountains in a hot summer night.Love it!
4	It was nuit blanche ,'nuff said!
3	i've seen different artists, comedians as well as broadway musicals and some JFL galas through the years at PdA.the bigger halls, while useful for the bigger productions, lack the charm of the smaller one and even the smaller one feels impersonal.sound is fine for most unless they mumble then you might not hear it if you're in the nosebleed.you go to PdA for the shows/productions, not really for the decor or ambiance even after all those renovations. it's lacking that something that other halls around town have.
4	Attended a few concerts here over the years during the Montreal jazz festival. It's a staple for the paid special feature concerts during the festival. Beautiful decor for taking photos. The basement is the metro and also accesses a food court, and there are a few fancier dining options inside.  The bar during concerts is too packed, for example there was a long line and one bartender during one concert. Sit upstairs on the balcony front row if you like a great view of the stage.
4	Although PDA is is a wonderful music and culture venue, I'm not sure when the last time the halls (or the washrooms) where renovated, or in the case of the washrooms, given a quick lick of paint.That being said, out-dated decor and chipped paint don't detract from the wonderful shows Place Des Arts bring to Montreal year after year!
4	I think previous reviews, pretty much say it all, but I'll reiterate what a great space this is. It may not be the most modern or vibrant, but it's a part of our city now, last a landmark in itself. A recent visit reminded me that it's really a convenient venue (with underground parking if you need) which is connected to the metro system. With productions for young and old, there's something for everyone. I saw "The Book of Mormon" a week or so ago and loved it so much, but part of it was also the fact that everyone seemed to be in a great mood, probably because of afternoon drinking. I feel like I can really man up all over myself after a strong afternoon drink...
