4	This spot is located at the Santa Fe Station and though it is probably inconvenient for tourists, its excellent for the locals especially with these prices:Breakfast $8 Lunch $9 Dinner and weekends $13 When i am in town i try to make time to go down and eat here, the food selection is very similar to the Rio carnival buffet where each station is divided up by each type of food like Asian, BBQ, Mexican, Italian, American etc.... The kicker is again the price.Highly recommended if you want to grab a quick bite to eat and if you hate waiting in long lines to eat at a good quality buffet. The waiters also are very tentative on keeping your beverage full of your favorite drink.
1	it's $8.99 per person weekdays so it priced right for a buffet but the food is very bland, they have american,creole,bbq,pizza,salad bar,mexican,asian,and a few others i can't remember. the drink ladies are fast at clearing the plates & filling the drinks which is the only bright spot in an otherwise drab dining experience. we have been here several times & everytime we leave saying we are never going back but they send us free buffet coupons in the mail.the pork ribs are actually pretty good. the pizza is supposedly brick oven baked, but it really looks like the oven is just for show. the salad is almost frozen because they keep the salad bar so cold. the desserts are all dried out because they slice everything and set it out all day. the turkey is dry the ham has blood spots which i never see at home when we make it. the ribs are decent but nothing special all the breads are hard as a rock and the soups are just rancid. the mexican section is always a huge mess with everything spread into everything else. the pizza is stale and very tasteless. honestly out of all the photos above between the 3 of us we didn't even eat a plate full. i was filling plates simply for the photos. really buffets are just gross it reminds me of the great deppression soup lines.if it wasn't free i wouldn't even bother. don't waste your money!!
4	This buffet is good.  Excellent with the 2 for 1 coupon in the Las Vegas Review Journal which recently started up again for buffets monday to thursday.  This is just as good as red rock station without the long drive, and better than Aliante Station (except for thursday night steak night).  Prime rib is excellent with a wide array of desserts.  Seafood night has shrimp and oysters.  I don't remember what else they had in terms of seafood.  Staff is always friendly and clear your plate so you're ready for more.  Gelato is good and so are the pastries.  It's just as good as red rock station buffet, and a little cheaper.
4	For some reason I really like the Feats buffet at Santa Fe Station.My wife is a vegetarian and really HATES the place, so those who don't eat meat might want to avoid.The food seemed a bit tastier than some of the other station properties and I really enjoyed their Asian section. It's also a very good price, particularly with a coupon.
3	This Feast Buffet in the Santa Fe is decent, but not outstanding.  When you want to save money and have a decent meal featuring various foods, then eat here. Get a station casino card because you get up to 4 dollars off of your meal when you swipe it at the cashier.  Overall the food is okay and there are times when it's great.  I do love the variety and the size of the buffet, because I'm not walking a football field from end to end to get a bit of everything.  They have a precise menu and stick to it daily, which is nice.  You can always count on having some crab legs at the Asian station for lunch or dinner, and pair that with some carved turkey or prime rib and au jus.  For 14.99 a person (when I swipe my station card) it's not bad for lunch or dinner prices for the type of food they put out.Tip: Friday and Saturdays are seafood night, and the lines get LONG around 530-730pm, so just be aware of that.  Also, the closet parking garage is the one along the 95, so park or valet there to avoid long walks to the buffet.Want buffet food without having to drive all the way to or near the strip?  I'd avoid Fiesta and Texas and head to Santa Fe because their buffet is better, cleaner, and the hotel is nicer.
3	It's a Cheap Eat.  It's not worth a drive out of the way; however for the price of a burger and drink at the Fast Food Joint I would eat here instead.  Plus you will find a few things in the Buffet you will like in addition to the soup and salad. Use a Free Station Casino card to get your discount.
3	I came here two weeks ago on a Friday hoping to meet up with a friend for a 3:00 meal. In this casino on a Friday having a meal at 3:00 is almost impossible unless fast food is involved. This Buffet isn't opened until 4pm for dinner along with the other restaurants in Sante Fe station. If you like seafood come here on Friday it's seafood night. We showed up here on Friday but I was disappointed because I wasn't in the mood for seafood. Since we were already here we waited until 4pm to eat at the buffet. I had a buy one get one free coupon so I didn't feel too bad about the extra money I probably had to pay for food I wasn't going to eat. The food is standard it has a salad bar, Asian, Mexican, Italian, BBQ and a crab station since it was Friday. The one thing that is different here is that they have a hamburger and hot dog area. The hamburger was good because you could customize it to your liking. The pet peeve I had here was if you are going to close the place till 4pm please put out or clean the serving utensils. We were seated a little after four so I didn't expect to find sticky serving tongs and spoons so early!
3	I took my son there tonight and I would have to say the food is great!  Not all buffets are good, but this one had a great selection and the food was always fresh
3	I have recently become a vegetarian, so for me there is a very small selection to choose from as their salad bar is small and all there vegetables on the buffet like in the chinese area all had meat. I have been going there for a long time being as it's only two miles from my home and have only been a vegetarian since october 2010 so i will tell you it's ok as far as there offerings. Nothing to write home about but with there recent specials it's worth it. This febuary dinner is 8.99- lunch is 6.99 and breakfast is 4.99 so you can't beat that.
3	I've eaten here too many times to mention, but don't let that fool you. Since it is the closest buffet to my house and I get monthly bogo coupons, makes me a regular. The breakfast is usually my choice time to go since they discontinued the seafood night. The food is hit or miss. My faves for dinner are the BBQ pork spareribs, egg rolls and eggplant dish in the Chinese section. The prime rib is usually tasty, however they almost always only have one selection of doneness and it's usually well done. My faves for breakfast are the eggs Benedict, made to order omelets and the lox. The only dessert that is worth trying is the gelatto. The cappuccino flavor is delicious. The service can be hit or miss as well. Sometimes you'll have a super friendly attentive server and sometimes they could care less about you.
4	TIME SPENT2 Dinnertime mealsLAYOUTspacious, comfy seating, good selection of foods.SERVICE/FOODi thought the quality of service and food are both good.   i REALLY liked it when Sante Fe Feast Buffet gave it's customers the option of having their Snow Crab Legs flavored with a cajun-like sauce upon request.   i'm not sure if they still offer that as Aliante Feast Buffet stopped offering Snow Crab and i think Santa Fe Feast Buffet may have also.???NOTE* Santa Fe/Feast Buffet -- also gives it's military members a free meal on Veterans Day.   thanks.^^PRICINGaverage cost...  think $25.??CLOSINGi had a blast on my Veterans Day meal.   yeah, the meal was free for me, but it didn't stop me from going back a week later with friends for a paid meal.^^
2	Typical Las Vegas Casino buffet except maybe a better price due to location. If you just want some food and are not too concerned about quality, this should do.I really expected a bit more.
4	best of the station casino buffets.check out the desserts at the front of the cafe, if you just want a rad quick sweet for 2$
1	We use to come here once a week three years ago but since the changed their menu things got worse here. The food quality got so bad that only go there twice a year now to see maybe something changed again. My wife convinced me to go  there last week. Service: We got one of those small table for two. after serving the drinks, our server disappear. She never came back to take the plates. If I remember right it use to be her job.  The food: most of the items were over cooked to a degree that they were uneatable. The  roast has too mach liquid smoke in it that leave you with awful after taste for hours and the rest  of the food is just bland. The only thing I somewhat enjoyed was the wonton soup and an egg-roll.
3	It's a $12.00 lunch buffet, the food matches the price, nothing to write home about but if you have a hole in your gut that needs filling cheaply this would be the place. If you have a club card the lunch is only 8 bucks. I wouldn't come here just for the buffet but wouldn't complain if I was eating here.
3	This is a $9.99 buffet pretty far from the strip, near where my mom's friends live.  My expectations are never very high for a buffet, but I wasn't too unhappy here.  Our server was very attentive and kept our drinks refilled pretty well.  The salad bar was very fresh, I enjoyed my salad.Things I tried that I liked:BBQ porkspaghetti w/meat saucesausage w/ peppers and onionsmeatballsberry cobblerfresh bacon crumblespotato saladThings I tried that I did not like:Cheese ravioli (too mushy, bland flavor)Veal ravioli (bland)Pad Thai (bore no resemblance taste wise to pad thai at all)Bread pudding (truly awful)If you want to fill up with halfway decent food for cheap, far from strip, not a bad choice.  It's not gourmet but isn't pretending to be.
2	Meh.It's okay. I mean, it's only $9.99, so how can you complain. (I guess)I try and stick to the roast beef or turkey and then make my own salad. But honestly, most of the other things that I've tried there have been marginal, at best. Pad Thai tastes NOTHING at all like Pad Thai, egg rolls are completely pasty inside and have no flavor. The beef and broccoli is always terribly overcooked, rendering the broccoli pretty much inedible. In fact, their vegetables across the board are usually overcooked and utterly bland. I do like the BBQ pork, the beef fajitas and the pork asada. And my boyfriend is easy to please because all he ever wants is hamburgers, pizza and spaghetti, which he claims they do quite well, but his standards are dismally low, so I take that with a grain of salt. (he's not much of a foodie, much to my dismay.)One thing I can say is that the service is always good....with dirty plates taken away quickly and drinks refilled fairly often. I guess the bottom line is that I've paid a lot more on the strip for buffets that were certainly no better, so it's a good deal, all in all. (Kind of.)
1	I caem her becuz I wuz hunger. Teh food no test gud. Srvice wus berry slo, end our server waz rued too us. We hav to wet 25 minits fur tem to git our dranks. Teh Silad bar waz okey, butt nut greet! I giv it fur-stars.Teh guyz sittin necks two us smeld liek sh!t. End teh food kina test liek sh!t as wel. I wais berry dissapoint.Cuz our server wuz su sloow und rude two us, I no leaf a fakn tip fur her. dafuk wuz here prolbem?I leaf dis bufett steal feelin hunger and mad. I am hunger now end frustration. -----Okay, the reason I wrote my review like that was because that is the way that the typical Northwest Vegas resident talks like. Yes, I wrote it like this so it would be easier for them to understand. I assume their  incoherent style of speech and lack of basic behavior skills are due to massive brain damage from drinking so much alcohol everyday... Just driving to this casino is dangerous. Because everyone in the Centennial Hills area insists on driving drunk, just about everyone runs stop signs,  and there is like an average of 5 rear-end collisions everyday on Durango.  I have a question for all of you: How many times have you driven by a car accident while driving to Santa Fe Station? For me, every single time.  Avoiding typical NW drunk drivers, and safely arriving to Feast Buffet at Santa Fe was the first part. Now the real horror begins. The food might have given me AIDS and is completely identical to Middle School cafeteria food.  It really looks like they got all their menu items from Costco or Smart N Final. Some of the items here are really cheap... For example, they got this tortilla that they put a slice of processed American cheese into and then they just put it out there on the warmer. They also got  Chicken Parmesan but it looks like they use those dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets and nacho cheese sauce.  Everything just looks odd here.The server was probably the worst server I have gotten in the last year.  She actually refused to service us for no apparent reason.  The moment they sat us down, she told the host that she didn't  want to service us. She tried to whisper it to her, but we overheard her say it.  She could have been prejudice, or she might have confused us with someone else(we never met her before, it was our first time here). But, because of this, no one ever took our order for drinks(we had to ask a cook for the drinks), no one ever took our old plates away, and we got no service at all.  Also, her voice was really bizarre and annoying, and she literally sounded like she was speaking a very nasally combination of Tagalog and English while there was someone making a high-pitched humming sound in the background.  Just having to hear her voice from across the room made our dining experience painful. There pretty much is nothing redeeming about Feast Buffet at Santa Fe. It's located in the worst Station Casino property in Las Vegas, the servers are lazy and rude, and the food "test liek sh!t".
3	$4.99 with station card for breakfast buffet. Not bad.
3	Well what use to be my favorite buffet has slowly but surely dropped off the radar. Yes they have options, it is clean and the wait staff is attentive the food is taken a dive. They went from crab legs and prime rib to frozen french fries and hot dogs. The capability to be great again is there they just need cooks that care again. Prices are ok for you can eat dinner for $9.99. Just be prepared for the average and. It to be wowed.
4	Let me start by saying for the price, the breakfast buffet ($4.99) is the best deal in town. Seriously. They have two chefs that make omelets with your choice of ingredients. The qualify could be a little better, but for the price...again...what are you expecting 5-star? Yeah right. All the usual breakfast items are available and lots of it. If you go on Sunday be prepared to pay $9.99 for a brunch. We didn't know that and were pissed. I still thought it was a deal though. I'm not sure about dinner, but lunch seemed decent. Breakfast is the real winner.
3	Maybe my experience at Caesar's Palace's Bacchanal Buffet conditioned me to expect the same exemplary quality from other Vegas buffets. Not a smart mindset. This was right along the average line and 'typical' is the word. My uncle took a bunch of us from our church choir to celebrate his birthday and everyone was excited for lunch. I envisioned just as much diversity here and was already itching to hoard the dessert area. When we got there, my father, the big crabs legs fan, walked from one end of the buffet counter to another in hopes of seeing his glorious, scrumptious crabs to no avail. So he settled with crispy shrimp and roast beef instead. I tried bite-sized bits of almost everything. Some lettuce & spinach soup for appetizer. Second helping consisted of fried rice, crispy shrimp, chicken and cream, BBQ pork, broccoli and a couple of fortune cookies (just for the sake of reading a fortune). Last 2 walk backs were solely for dessert, considering how much of a sweet tooth I am. The best part of the buffet was probably the mint chocolate chip ice-cream and according to one of my friends, the coconut cream pies. They weren't exactly top-notch, but for $9.99, I'd say it was pretty worth it. Then again, there is no real division between the buffet area from the casino so you can expect some insidious cigarette smokes to seep in your eating area. On the upside, champagne is served for free and the day ended with a nice toast to my uncle.
3	Don't let the pretty decor fool you. This place is mediocre compared to the other station buffets I've been too. First thing that I took notice of is the common sense of the staff people. have. The hostess seated us all the way in the back near the wall, but to get there I had to squeeze through other people's chairs with my baby's stroller, ram people in the foot, apologize and manuver through tables. All that and there were open tables up front? Stoopid! Secondly, some of the other restaurant patrons here are rude. They stare you down as you obtain your food or hover right behind you...gross. Next we have the eggs benedict setup, one of my favs! But wait, they've already topped it with the hollaindaise sauce? Yuck, so I get a mushy eggs benedict. When I returned to my table, I found an OJ waiting for me, which was great considering I had a plate full of food that would need to be washed down. Took a sip and blargh! It wasn't just sour, but it tasted nothing like OJ! It was like they mixed it with a secret ingredient that I couldn't even place...All in all, don't think I'd come back here, unless I had no choice.
2	Pls don't even try to compare this buffet w/ any strip casino buffets...their is no way you should compare them. This is a local casino feeding the local masses and an occasional way word tuorist...Given the local masess arn't much on haute cusine. So this is just basic food for a very low price. Best value is breakfast $4.00 w/ boarding pass..Lunch/Dinner is passable. Nice thing is you get all your courses to choose from. For $7.99 you can't beat it...If you wanted salad, burger, drink gonna cost you more at McDee's and no seconds/refills...enjoy..
3	Great for brunch, but I expected more and better tasting. Great to bring groups, The food wasn't its best though I like the prime rib. The price was fair for a buffet in Las Vegas. Not really a great tasting so called feast buffet...
3	Looking for a cheap way to be a fatass?  YOU'RE IN LUCK BUDDY 'OL PAL!My socially-challenged friend and I took a trip to this place because I won a little 2-for-1 coupon after I cashed my check at the casino cage and drank my life away. But that's another story.The food here isn't exactly top notch, but I'm not crying over it cause I paid six dollars for two people. You get what you pay for. Nonetheless, there is still some tasty shinanigans to be had here, just whatever you do, don't get the fried tofu nuggets or whatever the hell they call them. They are definitely rotten. So was the tiramisu.Also, lots of old people. Eek.The choices aren't as broad compared to other casinos, but fuck it they had spaghetti and that's all I need.I buzzed away from here a fat little happy hummingbird that didn't give two fucks about no diet soda, and that says something!
3	My dear, darkly demented friend took me here after winning a two-fer whilst cashing her check (apaprently screaming "Food" will get it to land on the buffet) adn so we starved ourselves all morning to prepare for a feast/competion of who could be the fattiest fatty (I won!). For a Vegatarian there wasn't much to gawk at aside from the giant cold pasta and salad bar in the very center of the room- think they are trying to push the veggies a bit a by having it very accessible to everyone? They have the usual suspects of American (mashed potatoes and fried chicken) Asian (Chow Mein and Orange Chicken) BBQ (self-explanatory) and Italian (Pizza and hot Pasta).My dishes were mainly composed of potatoes, since they seriously had three different types, a very bland cheesy pasta (it did NOT taste like cheese) vegetable spring rolls w/ sweet and sour sauce, some cheese pizza, some bread, and by far the worst thing ever- salt and pepper fried tofu.I've had many kinds of fried tofu. I have never had fried tofu that was as bad as this. It was tough. It was dry. It was tasteless. It was sad. We broke open every one of them on my plate, and they were all the same: dead on the inside. Finally we left behind our two diet Pepsis and ran over to the dessert area where we filled plates full of pastries. The best one had to be the mini eclairs. Though they were a little on the dry side, they were far more palatable than the soggy cannolis, and nasty tiramisu (seriously, it didn't taste anything like tiramisu, or a dessert). They have fruit and cream pies, but they taste pretty much like they are: out of a can.The best dessert by far is the ice cream. Though, you have to wait for ten minutes for an employee to waddle over and ask if they can give you a scoop since it is protected by glass. Best way to get their attention? Glare at them from the ice cream. They'll stare back as if waiting for you to get annoyed and go back to your seat without it. But no! Not us!For a cheap meal when you feel like eating a lot, it is an alright place.
4	Sunday morning breakfast with Maggie was awesome! We attempted to go to Baby stacks but it was a 45 minute wait so we went to the Feast and it was a feast. My girl isn't a big buffet person but she had to admit the buffet was awesome. If you have a players card the prices can't be beat and the food is awesome! I have to say that aside from the great food the decor is extremely nice.
3	Delightfully average. They should branch out and offer a couple different nutrient dense vegetarian options so that there is something for EVERYONE and not just something for most. I do like that they offer discounts on the buffet price for those of us that have a Station Casino members card.
2	Mother's Day Brunch $12.99 and an hour and a half later we were finally seated!  Longest wait EVER considering we went there for breakfast and didn't even get seated till after noon. We ordered 2 $.99 Margaritas - they couldnt get the machine to work because it was frozen so refunded our money.  Off to a good start already.  We all scurried to get our food as we were all starved.  Had we known the wait would be that long we probably would have gone somewhere else.This place is a typical everyday boring buffet.  It seemed everything I chose was hard as a rock - rolls, pizza, potstickers....just simply not consumable...and being that the place was so busy you wouldn't think anything would be there long enough to get hard.  Dumbfounded. The sausage gravy had instead of ground sausage had 3 inch chunks of linked breakfast sausage.  It seemed so wrong and gross.  Ugh.  Not even to mention the gravy needed stirred...bad.  I went up to the meat counter where the guy was slicing the meat for people.  I asked for turkey and he slapped a piece of completely uneatable raw bloody prime rib right in the middle of my plate.  Thanks for listening Mr. Man.  I guess I should pay better attention or else he should.The waitress was pleasant though.  The company was great.  The food not so much....I'm giving a one star to the 1/2 of a donut I indulged in at the end.  I do remember now why I don't do buffets and I definitely wont be waiting in line for one anytime soon.
1	I expected a lot more from a casino resort. Place is wack. We came here for lunch and the buffet was cheap 11 bucks for all you can eat but u get what u pay for.
3	Don't come here expecting a 5 star experience. This buffet is average at best. When I say average I mean that it's good but not great. They do offer unlimited momosas and/or champagne on Sundays. You can never go wrong with that!
3	To eat breakfast here you have to get there early. Long wait the food is average, but they do have an omelet station that will prepare it any way you like it. It was nice spending time with the family. I may go back but did not enjoy the long wait and small buffet options.
3	My search for the ultimate Chicken Fried Steak brought me to The Feast Buffet at the Santa Fe. The CFS will probably not win any awards, but I was pleasantly surprised and it was much better than I was anticipating for buffett CFS. The meat was tender and the gravy was pretty tasty. It would be tough to beat for the price, plus you get everything else that is a buffet. This has become sort of a regular breakfast joint for me, but on my most recent visit I was specifically targeting the chicken fried steak. It was not the best I have found, but it was good and I wouldn't hesitate to return for the same. Overall the buffet is hard to beat for the price and I would rate it among the best of the Station's buffets. Breakfast is only $4.99, including beverage, with a players club card. If you sign up for a FREE players card, you will occasionally get two for one coupons in the mail, which make it that much better. Not too many places around where you can get quality grub for less than an Lincoln. I would rate the Chicken Fried Steak three stars, but overall the buffet warrants closer to a four. The service is always good and the food has always been fresh. Definitely a return visit in my near future.
3	Be sure to stop by the rewards center to get your casino Rewards card so that you'll get the discounted advertised price (bfast $4.99, lunch 7.99, dinner $9.99). Otherwise regular prices will apply, I think they're $3-4 more. Cheap, quality and selecton is not top notch but still a bit ok, equivalent to buffet at Circus Circus. A lot of locals here, esp folks over 50.. Breakfast is definitely so much better than lunch! I rather eat lunch at Panda Express. Yes, it's that bad. But breakfast... :) for $5? It's amazing! They make your eggs however you want, and they have all these delicious side things you can have!! It's so much more worth than $5 and the quality is just great!! :)
2	Not too impressed with this buffet. Price wise it's pretty reasonable but personally I still don't think its worth the money for me. By all means please do not let that stop you from going. I just like more variety and better tasting food. The best thing I found was the prime tube even though there is not a lot of flavor.
2	Okay so the only reason I would and did come here is because with a 2 for 1 coupon (dinner for two was about $12.00 including drink and tip) and it is convenient for me. I would not stand in line for this place or go under other circumstances. I should preface this by stating as a general rule I do not like buffets, of course, there are exceptions i.e. Bacchanal, thai or indian lunch buffet. However, for the price (with coupon) who couldn't pass up a okay salad bar and a drink. The majority of the food is barely edible, sometimes the mexican and the chinese food is okay (at best). I think once in awhile the prime rib is okay (of course you have to assess if it is medium rare before they cut it). Tonight they served roast beef so I took a pass on that. The salad bar is not as good as Sweet Tomatoes as to variety but they have the usual fair - iceburg lettuce, spinach, cherry tomatoes, onions, croutons, broccoli salad and the like. How can you screw up salad? The servers are attentive and the dining room is clean which is a plus. I have been to some buffets where this is lacking in both respects. I don't find the dessert area appealing - the ice cream has a decent flavor but there is something about the texture that screams powdered milk product to me - the texture is somewhat grainy and leaves a slight filmy feel in my mouth if  I recollect correctly.
3	We use to eat here regularly, but its always only OK. It use to be our Sunday after church spot, but we haven't gone in a while. It is one of the better Station buffets compared to the Fiesta Rancho (absolutely terrible). The line tends to vary depending on the time of day. It gets packed starting in the afternoon. The good part is that you can get discounts for taking surveys and having a players card. If you like fast food, you won't be disappointed. Its only slightly better than the drive thru.
1	My review will be the pictures I post. Dried out, shriveled up: Sausage, sweet potatoes, old spinach pizza pizza, and what they want you to feed your kids...hot dogs (if you can still call them that!)... and Pulled pork that had been sitting there for a long time. When I complained, they put more sauce on top instead of changing the product out. I scooped some out to show the dryness of the product underneath. Santa Fe buffet closed down for a while due to lack of business. They reopened with great food, now the food has again gone down hill and who knows, they may not have learned from the last shut down! See pics...
4	We tried almost all the Station buffet and this is one of the best! We love the Salad bar here. They also have the 2 for 1 coupon thats why we always come here. It is lesser people compare to other station buffet.
4	When visiting my Dad in town, we came here for the first time with him. It was pretty decent, plenty of things to choose from all around the world. Which is great because my boyfriend likes all kinds of different foods that I don't always cook for him, like seafood... uh hmmm.. don't judge me.. Anyways, we came here I don't remember our total for food on how much it was but I know we were all stuffed afterwards and the plates were full and did not get to all that was on them.You can head to the salad bar, the dessert area, get some meatloaf, fried chicken, pasta, or pizza, pretty much anything you are in the mood for.
1	Easily one of my worst dining experiences ever. First of all, how long does it take to get your first drink when the buffet is less than 25% full? About 20 minutes apparently. Secondly, most of the food trays were empty or close to empty. Again, there weren't many people eating (which was a surprise considering it was 12:30), but still. Thirdly, there were plenty of tables with dirty dishes stacked up on them. Yuck. Finally, I had to wait about 15 minutes for my drink to be refilled. Needless to say, I wasn't impressed with anything here. I'd give this place zero stars if I could but Yelp won't let me...
1	The buffet was awful except for the cookies. I took a few. Heather, (280 pounds, unattractive male to female transsexual, 5'8", black hair, pit marks on face) told me she would call security. I returned the cookies and asked for my money back. I was simply told to leave or she would call security. I was holding my phone in my hand and she accuses me of photographing her and said she would have security arrest me. Leaving, I distinctly hear her say "Fuck You." I called and reported this to the Food and Beverage manager.I have called the bank and disputed the less than $9 charge. I took the $5 cash tip and told Heather, who replied that she didn't care. Shows how the Station Casinos care about their employees.I will not be patronizing Station Casinos again.
1	All's not good in ANY RESTAURANT, BUFFET, CAFE when servers or preparers without GLOVES are seen. I have been inside Texas Station's Feast Buffet on  occasions since last Fall, and each time witnessed preparers BEHIND the buffet without gloves as mandated by all Health Codes anywhere around food. As a result, I have to say I feel unsafe eating there. I cannot recommend this buffet at Texas Station. Sorry
3	Food is ok. Place is nice and spacious for families.You get what you pay for. It wasn't bad at all but lacked flavor in some foods.
1	Stayed at the hotel from a groupon offer and came here for lunch and breakfast. Well the buffet is really cheap so can't expect much from this place. The food is very bad quality and just really tasted horrible. In my opinion it was worse than hometown buffet or any mediocre buffet. Even the eggs at breakfast was so soggy and gross. How can anyone mess up scrambled eggs??  I didn't even finish my plate it was so bad. If you are truly desperate for food and don't have much money on you then come here. Otherwise, go somewhere else.
3	It's an okay spot to eat. Sometimes you get some undercooked or overcooked food, which isn't overly nice. It's a decent place to eat on a budget. For dinner, there happens to be quite a bit of fish. Of you're not a fish lover like my mom, then I'd come for lunch! Worth at least one trip.
2	As card carrying members of Station Casinos, we "won" a free buffet coupon that was only good for a four day period. We had stopped by the previous day and the line was so long, we turned around and walked out. I guess we weren't the only ones who got the free buffet. This time the line was much shorter, with only a few parties in front of us. After a few minutes, I realized the line was not moving. It stayed at a virtual stand still for a good fifteen minutes. No movement whatsoever. When we finally got close enough to the register to see what was going on, the cashier, Maria, was shuffling through what looked like stacks of receipts and coupons, ignoring the customers in line. Finally,  another employee, Glenda, came to the register and told Maria she could ring some people up while Maria continued to look for whatever was so important that they were losing money and people were walking away. Maria declined and continued to stand right in front of the register, looking  and looking and looking, all the while ignoring the customers in line. Glenda tells her again, "I can ring some people up while you look." Again, Maria declines and goes on about looking for the all important piece of paper. Throughout the entire ordeal, Maria did not once acknowledge the customers in line. Finally, she appears to be ready to ring us up. The Mrs. hands Maria the coupon, casino card and money. The Mrs. Also gives her our drink order, as adult beverages are not included. Maria then turns away and starts looking through papers again. Finally, Maria rings it up, but has forgotten the drinks and bonus points that come with the cards. Maria then comes at the Mrs. with attitude and tells her "you didn't order drinks." When we eventually made it to our seats, I asked to speak with a supervisor. Glenda showed up at our table. Yes, the same Glenda who told Maria she would ring people up, only to be ignored. Glenda apologized and acknowledge Maria's attitude and disregard for the customers, but stated she did not want to reprimand her in front of others. Glenda assured us she would address it. You would think that a casino that claims to "love locals" would put a huge emphasis on customer service. I see absolutely no reason or excuse for Maria's attitude and poor customer service. The buffet was what you would expect and on par with what it normally rolls out. However, having it to do all over, I would forgo this experience and pay full price elsewhere. My time is worth much more than a free buffet and I definitely could have gone without the attitude and poor customer service. The fact that Glenda stopped by the table and took the time to listen to our complaint along with her assurance she would address it, saves this from being a one star review.
3	Good buffet for the price.  Aliante is slightly better.  Great place to pig out if very hungry.  Good selection.  They have crayfish on Friday nights----not as good as The Orleans. Will come back again.
1	This place SUCKS my whole family threw up 2014  Santa fe SUCKS 2009 Santa fe was awesome don't eat here just go to in and out
2	It's an "okay" buffet at an "okay" property. Usually go for brunch on Sundays but their options are repeated on the different style tables. Staff is, once again, "okay" since they are just there to react rather than to act. Takes a while to get a table sometimes but in the end there is always ice cream and dessert, which makes everything a tad bit better.
2	Just another below average buffet at a casino.Item 1: Rewards person went up and down the isles asking the white people in line if they needed a rewards card while ignoring the colored people (meaning blacks and browns. I'm hispanic and my friends are black) It was extremely disgusting watching this going on in America now a days.Item 2: People in this buffet line were too comfortable and disregarded personal space.Item 3: Sat us in the back next to the staff entrance and bathroom exit as if there weren't any other tables available. (There were, I checked).Item 4: The waiter simply took our drink order, fulfilled it and never came back to check on us. We were the ones that had to call him over or one of the other waiters several times in order to get refills or napkins. (Mind you we only had a party of 4)Item 5: We noticed that when his friends, family or relatives came in he was at their every beck and call. Not trying to be mean but I don't think employees are supposed to wait on acquaintances. This concludes today's review. I won't be coming back to this establishment.  Oh, and I hope they switch out that bacteria infested rag they use to clean the seats and tables.
2	This place is pretty much you get what you pay for. For a cheap price you get all you can eat mediocre food. Service is decent as they took care of our part of 14 real nicely, and constantly checked up on us. My only concern is that the air reeks of cigarette smoke, making the experience unenjoyable. If you can get over the smoky ambiance, and the sub par food for a decent price, then this place is for you. I definitely won't be coming back, as I'll probably try somewhere else tastier and with fresher air.
4	Located in the Santa Fe Station Hotel Casino. This is one of the better bargain buffets. I went on a Saturday for lunch, the first thing that jumped out at me was grilled to order hamburgers and hot dogs, and a serious carving station. Ok so they were a little slow in replenishing the pizza. But overall if I found myself in that part of town I would be happy yo make a return trip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Sunday brunch is great, lots of choices of course, also several stations where they make omelettes, pasta to order etc. Definitely have a mimosa or two they were very good. Attentive and friendly wait staff.
