4	Conveniently located near Walnut Street, tucked away in the S. Aiken shops. It was easy to sign up and the woman behind the desk who helped me was incredibly friendly and remembers my name each time I go in. The space looks and feels clean, and they offer a complimentary optional towel.
4	Tan 360 is located in a plaza in close proximity to the shops on Walnut Street in Shadyside.  Very nice, convenient location, and free parking is available in the plaza.  Although I only have been for an airbrush tan, the rest of the facilities looked very clean.  Furthermore, the prices were all very reasonable and competitive with most other tanning salons in Pittsburgh.  They have a full list of services and prices located a the front desk, and were very helpful when I called in advance to ask about services and to schedule an appointment.  Tan 360 also offers specials.
3	I'd given up tanning years ago, but still yearned for that golden tanned look. I'd always been curious about spray tanning, but after a spray tan booth experience gone terribly wrong, I was hesitant to try it again. Let's just say I looked like half a Simpsons orange... the other half didn't even get sprayed right!Apparently, getting the automatic spray tan in a booth was not the best way to go. I'd heard people talk about the airbrushing tan and decided I was finally ready to put that streaky orange experience behind me and try again!For $44 it wasn't necessarily a steal, but I didn't have too much to compare it to at this point. When someone is personally spraying your naked body. Yes, naked. You strip down to your skivvies, (but can leave on your undies and bra if you'd like) and the worker will spray you down. They ask you how dark you want to be. My response was "not Lindsay Lohan orange, but dark." Did I get what I wanted? Kinda. They said the tan would last 5-7 days. It probably lasted on the shorter end of 5 days. Also, I was a tad orange on the hands, even though I put that lotion on that they tell you to do. I swear, I followed directions! Would I do it again? Yes. But I may stop into another place and see if I'd get anything better. I just wasn't 100% satisfied. My quest for the perfect California tan continues!
2	This place needs a good cleaning and a good dose of customer service.  The beds are full of dust,especially the fans on the beds.  I'm also thinking one particular instance in which the woman sitting behind the desk seemed to have all of her personal belongings strewn across it, including her bra.  Generally, the employees are disinterested.  There is typically only one employee working, and I've been overlooked as next in line for the tanning bed for this reason.  This tanning salon is overpriced for what they offer.
3	They've installed new beds and the customer service has improved. They're still one if the pricier salons, but also one of the better.
