1	*Okay, this is strictly based on their "10,000 egg" Easter Egg Hunt event this morning.* IT WAS TERRIBLE. We got there right at 9am so in time for breakfast, (which was $5 per adult, $3 per kid) so we got in line to buy tickets for breakfast. Then after standing in line and getting tickets, we had to go stand in another line to redeem the tickets and get food. When we bought the tickets for breakfast we also bought a $5 ticket for the Easter egg hunt for our little girl. Breakfast was not good but not the worst I've ever paid for. Onward to the petting zoo, cute and lots of friendly animals for the most part. Though I did see a little one nearly get mowed down (good reflexes mom!) by a pygmy goat with horns and an attitude. Otherwise, nice enough and admission was free today. Now, the big event was the supposed Easter Egg Hunt starting at 10am. We went to the 5 years old and under area since our little girl is only 19 months old. Got there at 9:55 so it was a little crowded but we ended up in the middle of the group. Well the hunt didn't start until 10:15am and by then we were packed like sardines in a can. So 20 minutes in the sun and dirt surrounded by babies all the way up to 5 year olds. Not a good plan. Right before they started they tried to shout out rules but the only one we heard was 1 parent per kid. When they took down the little fence EVERYONE rushed forward, I tried to get my little girl in to get a few eggs but I'm not that big and some parents were very zealous in "helping". Like the man whose kids were off collecting eggs and he was helping himself to as many as he could carry. WOW, leave some behind please? In the end I spotted one lone purple egg and told her to get the "ball", only to have to pry it from her and take the ant covered mint inside from her. Yes, MINTS as candy for an under 5 y.o crowd? Seriously?? In Marley's Farm defense, they did give us a refund for the hunt and apologized profusely. Still...it was poorly organized. Some suggestions for next year:-Break up the age groups. Instead of 5 and under, there should've been a 3 and under group. A 1 year old has a chance against a 3 year old but not a 5 year old. -Make SURE the parents are staying out of the actual hunt. They should only supervise, not help themselves to the eggs too. -Get some megaphones or even a karaoke machine and microphone so people can hear directions. Oh yeah, GIVE directions so people aren't standing in line for breakfast only to find out that they are in the wrong line and have to start over in another long line.
5	This place is great, but remember its a farm.  We just love it and staff is always helpfull.  Looking forward to participating in their other activities.
4	Hopefully they're not really closing down.My family and I had a really good time here petting and feeding the animals.
