4	a good place to go.Its got a good range of music.It also has a bar were you can buy drinks.Its also quite big and modern and has sofas round the place.It also has a few floors so you arent all squashed together
1	This place sets out to be cheap&cheerful whilst still providing a good night out ... and I have to say it definitely falls short of the mark.If you're looking for a less-than-classy-but-still-great-fun night out with friends you'd be forgiven for thinking that this is where you should head. However, in City you'll feel at least five years older than everyone you see... and I'm only 21. If you want loo roll in the toilets, or even if you want to be able to go to the loo and come out again without your feet getting soaked by the torrent of whatever it is that the floor is 2 inches deep in by midnight, then City is definitely not your type of place.What's good about this place? It's just behind waverley station, so if you live anywhere vaguely central you can easily walk home in a group at the end of the night. Aside from that, I'd really struggle to say. If you go on a student night (wednesday) then unless you play for a local university's rugby team you'll spend at least half of your night queueing. If you go on a weekend, you can look forward to a night of getting elbowed in the back so hard you wake up with bruises the next day... I actually had one girl turn round to me and, after spilling her drink down me, snarled something about "f***ing pikey students, why do the door staff even let them in anyway?!"Not highly recommended. At all.
1	I had to laugh when I saw the other reviews for this dump got 1* too - I don;t think I need to write any more....!!My flatmates boyfriend recently started a new night in City on a Friday called Broke! Luckily for him, it;s been really successful and I've gone once or twice and it's not too bad. When I've been outwith Broke, however, it has been awful. Full of under-age wannabe's getting wasted and groups of lads having a VK competition...the music is horribly bad, the dancefloor is ridiculously packed at all times and the floor is disgusting.They often have themed nights that seem appealing but believe me  - AVOID AVOID AVOID
1	Who goes here?! At the ripe age of 21, this was my first ever club experience (don't balk, I'm American).  The horror!! Who gave all those fifteen year old girls stripper heels and let them in the doors??  There are much MUCH better places to go if you want to pay an unnecessarily high cover and watch people flop around on a dance floor.
1	I couldn't have imagined that this place could get any worse......I was wrong.I left City the other night, knowing it was a mere 5 minute walk to my flat and knowing I was totally safe....until I opened my bag and found a bit of paper saying ...'hey baby, you're sexy, call me on 07921.......'c'mon, seriously????
