4	Pub L'ile Noire is a relaxed nightspot which has beaucoup seating. The pub has a fully-stocked bar. At the time, they were cash-only which curbed the number of drinks I had slightly, but their prices aren't out of this world. Not only were the bartenders friendly, our server drank shots with us.I've been here twice: the first time it wasn't uber-crowded, the second time moreso (was there during Halloween). Both times were fun since I was with a good group. During Halloween, the DJ didn't seem to be receptive to song requests - or maybe he couldn't hear/understand me? On the plus side, we generally heard good music, so patrons packed onto their tiny dance floor.Worth a visit for friendly service and reasonably priced drinks in a casual environment.
5	On Ontario near St-Denis.  This place , name on a Tintin Album, is one nice place!Scotch, Single Malt, Whisky. Cheap Seagram to 50 yr old scotch. passing on the average and the excellent They got ONE impressive list of Whisky/Scotch/Whiskey/ Lot of Pub also has one of those but hey, they have the best and the cheapest!a quick example: 1.25 once of Lagavulin 16 yr old is 9$ there and 20$ in another pub I won't quote. They always have a scotch degustation or specials that are pretty neat and not expensive.Wait you don't drink scotch? You're more into classic drinks or Cider or beer? They also have a home-brewed beer which is actually pretty good.The place is confy (couches in the corners). The service is friendly and good. They will make a tab for you if you don't want to get for Credit card or interact card all the time. The music is pretty decent even thought it's a jukebox.NB: If you had too much drink, careful with the step! I almost squashed a group of young Beautiful Women
5	L'Ile Noire boasts cozy pub ambience and an extensive selection of Scotch whiskies.  The drinks list also covers some of the representative whiskeys, bourbons etc from other parts of the globe.  We sampled some really good Irish whiskey while there.  The waitstaff is knowledgeable and prepared to provide helpful suggestions.  The pub is relatively large.  There are normally at least one or two spare tables, even on busy evenings.  The area at the back is substantially quieter and recommended for those seeking a quiet drink and conversation.
4	I really loved this place!  We went after the shabu shabu and it was the perfect place to relax and grab a few drinks.  The atmosphere is dark and pub-lounge like.  Deep mahogany colors on the velvety seats and booths and walls.  I only went into the back for a minute but it looked more lively and open. I had my very first boilermaker.  Sure we didn't drink it properly but it was still great.  If you like Scotch I highly recommend this place.We sat up by the front windows and it was perfect!  I really enjoy people watching so what better place to do it than on the second floor looking down at the bustling Saint-Denis.  Price wise, again, it wasn't too bad.
4	Awesome scotch selection (over 140 varieties) and very friendly/knowledgable service. Cozy, warm feeling inside (referring to the ambience, not you after a few drinks - though that might also be the case). Very reasonable prices for the quality and selection. Great place to check out, even if you're not a scotch fan - maybe you will be afterwards.
5	I have been a client and fan for over 9 years now.  They have recently moved locations from Ontario to St Denis.  The staff and owners are really great and welcoming and have been there for a long time so they never hesitate to introduce people making you feel right at home.The beer selection is varied enough for most people to find a pint, but they specialize in Scotch.  They have the biggest selection I have seen in Montreal, and they have regular events, sponsored by companies for tastings.  One of these was attended by my hubby and Poodle, he (Kobe the poodle) ended up with a Jameson t-shirt, and a photo on their website.  Other important events include the St Patrick's day celebrations.  The decor of the new place is more modern than pub-by, and has more of an upscale look, but the warmth for which they are known is still the key attribute.
4	Ile Noire is a classy professional spot with charming staff and an exceptional scotch menu located on a convenient, vibrant stretch of St Denis. The front room feels very business, but the back opens up into a more comfortable candle-lit brasserie vibe where, in addition to the extensive bar with rare and affordable options for scotch drinkers, they offer simple snacks eg; a small mason jar of herbed goat cheese served with crackers. I've found the staff attentive and jovial and 0 stress. The music the last time I was there was all 80s and 90s throwbacks, an odd but good-humored choice given the chic atmosphere.
4	Went here with a crew of Yelpers and had a great experience. As a big scotch drinker, I'm surprised it took me so long to discover this gem of a place - the fact that it's directly above a McDonalds probably didn't help.Amongst other things, I had their scotch taster (3 different scotches 10-15 years old from the same distillery) which was great value at $18 - it even comes with a set of tasting notes. As mentioned in other reviews this place is good value when it comes to scotch, and the menu is extensive.The place is nicely done up; the front section is cosy with a pub feel, while the back area is a bit more modern - the whole place looks very new.
4	I'm not much of a scotch drinker, but after reading some other yelp reviews, I HAD to bring my boyfriend and his brother here.  They each got a tasting trio of 10, 12 and 17 year old scotch for $18.50 (the selection is updated regularly), and they loved it! There was also an irish theme beer tasting (four small glasses). The selection of wine is pretty good as well, so I was happy (about $8.50 for a pinot grigio) The front or the bar is more dimly lit, with darker wood and little tables and the back is classy and sleek (but was completely empty when we were there). Also, watch your step on the way to the ladies room .. There's a single step that really appears out of nowhere ;)
5	It had been a weekend of decent beer, excellent music (Kinetik festival) and intensity on many fronts.  My traveling companion and I, both veteran liver abusers, scanned our immediate environ and noticed this place above the most understated McDonalds I'd ever seen.  We're 1.5 litres into a serious afternoon of drinking at this point, so there's my caveat with this review.Onward:Being the best damn decision makers on the planet at the time we wandered in and immediately realized we were someplace very special.  Always polite, however, and we were rewarded handsomely.  However, the memories are a bit hazy -- Served neat in whisky tasting glasses with spring water on the side:in order:Lagavulin 16 year oldGlenfiddich 21-Year-OldGlenmorangie Signet.Armangnac from 1981Shots of something 12 years old with bartender as we killed a bottleSomething my companion handed me that was smoky peaty, green label, Ardberg maybe?During the entire time the bartender was warmly professional, the drinks poured precisely, and the manager came over and was very knowledgeable and accommodating.  There's a wall of Scotch behind a sliding glass door that should warn the more frugal, but was not enough to deter me, alas.  One warning -- if you seem  like you know what you're doing they won't warn you the whisky you ordered is $50 CAN per dram (Signet).And it was completely worth it.  No, really.  Caramel, vanillins, complex smoke, light peat and a finish that is precisely like having your lower lip bitten then sucked by Josephine Baker in her prime during the wee hours of an Easter weekend in Paris while wearing little more than a feather boa.  You, not her.If you enjoy most whisky more than most people and are up for an excellent education you could do far worse than to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon here.  Personally, I think this place is a gem.
4	Great atmosphere and scotch, food wasn't great and pricey though.
4	A very cozy bar that manages to take the pretension out of Scotch drinking - I like that. My husband and I tried their sampler of three different ages of Aberlour (the 12 year really impressed me) as well as a couple half drams of McCllelands and Macallan. The view overlooking the chaos of the McDonald's patio below provided ample entertainment while we sipped our Scotch. A memorable night, indeed!
4	Great atmosphere and fantastic scotch, but the food wasn't good and quite pricey
5	140 types of Whiskey from all over the world. So basically the pornographic version of heaven...They also have a weekly tasting menu where you get 3 half-drams of Whiskey served on a little card with details on the origins and the flavors of the Whisky.A Whiskey lover can't lose in this place.
5	It always seems difficult to find a bar with more than a handful of whiskeys. I was overjoyed to hear my friend say that they had 140 different kinds here, especially heavy on my favorite: scotch. At first I was disappointed that it took us awhile to get anyone to take our order, but once someone came over, he was very accommodating.He seemed confused, but complied when we explained and asked for pickle backs (shots of whiskey followed by shots of pickle juice). I also didn't realize that the $18 whiskey tasting flight was only for whatever distillery they had chosen to highlight on the board. The bartender let me do a flight of the brand I chose, Glengoynes (10, 12, 14) for only $20. I really wish we had gone one more time before leaving Montreal, and I will certainly come back if i'm ever in town again.
1	Terrible service. Our waiter was offensive and bad at serving the drinks the customer ordered
3	I was really excited to come here due to their expansive scotch list.  But I was a little disappointed when the bartender put the device on the bottle to pour my scotch.  Maybe this is a Canadian thing, but this almost never happens in the US.  I ended up with a very small pour of the scotch I tried.  Decent vibe, but a little slow and quiet compared to what's going on around it.  I could see a time and a place for this bar, but it just wasn't what I was looking for when I went.
3	Got out of work early and was able to join Katherine and Risa for a CYME (?) here last night. I've been to Ile Noire before but the last time was back when they were still located on Ontario, so needless to say, it has been a while.The place is easy to find once you know it, but until then it just looks like it is the second floor of McDonald's. Be assured, you won't be walking through the golden arches when you reach the top of the stairs, phewf! I felt a little like I was walking into a porn shop, that's how dirty McDonald's makes me feel. But it isn't a good dirty.I'll start with the great stuff. Friends waving hello, calling you over to the table to celebrate the end of the workday. A wonderful selection of whiskeys and a respectable selection of beers on tap, including their very own brew, a L'ile Noire Bitter, which I ordered and loved, then ordered again.There were a few negatives, not glaring negatives and certainly not a negative if you have never been to the original L'ile Noire, but for me, the decor, the feel of the place was SO NOT like the old spot. The spot on Ontario was lived in, homey, used, patina... like wooden furniture and used books feel. It felt wiser than this new space.Again, it isn't negative per se, the new space is clean, aesthetically it's very modern, the bar, the banquets. No where was this highlighted more to me than on my way to the washroom where a bright lighted circle with a big helvetica F stares out into the hall. I guess for me, the name should have been changed if the mood was going to change that drastically. Okay. I also felt the service was a little slow. Mind you, it was a busy evening, but in 3 hours we seemed to have 3 different waiters. This wasn't a huge issue since we had very engaging company but there were plenty of times where there were empty glasses on the table. I ordered 3 drinks total and I would have ordered more had they approached our table more often. In fact, the last round we ordered by heading to the bar ourselves. I had a great time, and I tried a whiskey I never had before (I don't know much about whiskey) and I really liked it for the sweetness and it's mild nature (dalmore 15 years). I'll be back, maybe on a quieter evening, sit at the bar and order that beer again.
4	Close by to my work, we often stop here for happy hour, since there's more than a few scotch aficionados at the office and L'ile noire has an excellent selection. From time to time, they'll have live music as well, so ends up been a pretty fun place to hang out.While I'm not the biggest Scotch drinker, they do have a decent selection of beers to choose from.Plus, it's super close to the Metro for you to get safely home =)
4	I can't believe I waited this long to check out ile noire. Can I move in? I felt that comfortable, like I was hanging out in my living room, if my living room had a glass wall filled with beautiful bottles. When my partner in crime first mentioned that a birthday celebration being planned here for a friend, my immediate reaction was that he'd have a great time, scotch lover that he is, and I was sure they'd have something else for me. Well I had nothing to worry about, because they had lots of other options, including a nice selection of beers on tap, and decent wines both by the glass and by the bottle. I was particularly delighted by their gin list, and the option to have it on the rocks, as a gin and tonic or as a Martini. I ordered mine as a him and tonic, and I was surprised to receive a glass containing the gin and some ice, and a separate small bottle of tonic. The bottle was so cute, everyone ohhed and ahhed over it. It was also very tasty. I was also impressed by the fact that the music was a decent level for most of the evening, making it easy to chat, unlike many other bars. Of course the closer to midnight we got the louder the music became, but that's to be expected. The music selection was great, a mix of 80s, 90s and 00s alterna rock, a little moody at times and more upbeat at others. The only reason why I gave this review four stars is service. One waiter serving us was excellent. The other, not so much. It wasn't very busy when we first arrived and yet he had a major case of the grumpies. It seemed like he was avoiding us, and would occasionally come over, take one order and run away before anyone else could order. Our table often had lots of empty glasses on it. When I read through other reviews, it seems we weren't the only ones who walked out of there much more sober than we could have been if the service had been more frequent. I normally brush off bad service as someone having a bad day, but this really stood out.
5	Awesome place to get together with friends and/or coworkers! Great scotch selection and very friendly staff! Best appreciated if you're 21 + and especially a scotch connaisseur!!! A+++
