5	I just moved in across the street from this amazing pet hospital. everyone here totally loves animals, you can tell. they talk in the sweetest voices to my puppies and are so gentle. i officially changed vets. my prior vet was great but it was soooo hard to get in! Bark Ave was able to get me in the day I called!!!! they make sure they have enough vets on staff so they can take calls and get people in right away, i love that! They also have some of the most flexible hours of any vet I have ever been to. Dr. Kasper is awesome and just a sweet heart. I love my new vet!!
5	I just switched to this vet after having several horrible experiences with Alta Mesa Animal Hospital and I am so happy I did! What a great group.  The employees are smart and great with my animal.  The pricing is reasonable and the facilities are clean and comforting.  My dog was totally as ease receiving the same procedures that seemed to really upset him at his old vet.  I would recommend this hospital to anyone
5	I really felt like I needed to update my old review about Bark Ave. I continue to be so overly impressed by this vet!  It's so refreshing to find a place that doesn't try to gouge you every visit and really loves your animal.  My Meatball is a little accident prone so unfortunately we have a lot of experience with vets and recently he scratched his eyeball (I don't know how, don't ask).  Anyhoo something that I thought would take a few days to heal turned into a 2 month fiasco.  Throughout the entire process the doctors and techs at Bark Ave were so great and really worked with my schedule since we were taking him in so often for checkups. We left the country in the middle of his care and they went to the place we boarded him (Bark Ave Pet Resort also super awesome) several times that week to make sure he was ok and still have his meds.  When he finally healed they were as excited as we were. Further they didn't charge me every time I walked in the door which really saved us a lot of money. I can't say enough about the quality, affordable care they give.
5	Upon returning from a long trip, my dog had a sudden and serious list of symptoms. My own vet was unable to fit her in the same day, but I will save that frustration for their review... I called Bark Avenue on recommendation. They fit her in within a couple of hours.The office is run as efficiently as a QT. Not kidding. They acquired her records from the other vet, identified the ailment, treated her, and prescribed her within 20 minutes. My dog was relieved and I was able to quit crying and head back to work promptly for important meetings. The two follow-ups were just as efficient and straightforward. The staff is also very caring, informative, and attentive, which is paramount. It's a refreshing change of pace from the last vet, especially. My dog is on the mend and, although the circumstances were not ideal, I'm happy to have been able to make the switch.
5	My family just adopted a 7 month boxer/pit mix stray dog that is the best dog ever. I always shop at Bark Avenue pet supply. The said Dr Orr and Dr Rice were really good. I brought Max to Dr Rice for his shots and he and his technician got on the floor, talked to him and gave him his shots so quickly he didn't know what happened. He was so gentle and good with Max. I wound up with Dr Orr for his neutering. She was wonderful as well. She came out and met us and talked about how well everything went. Max actually walked up and really liked her.  You can't miss with either of these veterinarians. They are great!
3	I'm super sad to report that Bark Ave is no longer my fav vet of all time :(I really miss Dr. Casper.  Dr. Oarr, while very nice doesn't have the same way w/ my animals. In fact my bullmastiff actually attacked her which he's never done to anybody before. There's something about her that he just didn't like.  Also she doesn't provide the confidence in her treatments that Dr. Casper did. She always seems unsure and since vet visits are so expensive it's not the best idea to go with a dr. that you feel is experimenting with treatments.  So we've decided to move on to another vet office in hopes of finding a better match.Bonus this new vet accepts my pet insurance which will save us a lot of money each year.
5	This is the only vet I will ever take my dogs again.  We have 5 dogs so we are frequent visitors to Bark Avenue.  One of our older dogs has high blood pressure and we are in every week for a check up.  We recently got a black lab and took her in to see if she was up to date on her shots.  Dr. Orr (who is AMAZING) took care of everything.  Dr Orr is definitely the best part about this place.  She is very thorough and gentle with the dogs, they all love her.  The staff is also very nice and welcoming. What's also cool is there is a pet supply store and resort right next store.  Although I don't travel often, if I ever needed to board my dogs I would definitely go there.  I will never go anywhere else because I know my dogs are in the best of hands here.
5	In 2012, having been a new resident of Arizona, I was very concerned about where to take my Wheaten Terrier for quality veterinary care.  A dog show professional recommended Bark Avenue.  I could not have been more pleased.    I have had pets my entire life and have interacted with many veterinarians, vet hospitals and clinics.  Bark Avenue was been wonderful.  The facility was always clean and well kept.  The staff and Dr. Orr's level professionalism  was exemplary.  My Wheaten's personality is challenging, at best, yet the staff and Dr. Orr treated him as if he was as sweet as he looks.  Dr Orr's knowledge base, assessment and treatment showed focus.  She is not wasteful of time or cost to the owner.  Bark Avenue would be the first and only recommendation I would have for someone looking for quality care for their pet.   We recently moved from Arizona to Southern California.  We have yet to find a new veterinarian and my standards will be quite high.  While I know no one is indispensable, I am certain I will hold every establishment to even the most minimal standards in comparison.... and still be disappointed.
5	Dr. Orr is the founder of our wonderful wildlife rescue in Scottsdale, Liberty Wildlife. Also, as the veterinarian for the Phoenix Zoo for years, she has a plethora of experience with exotics, as well as dogs and cats. I took my little girl dog to her to get her yearly vaccinations recently.Sign in was simple, and we were escorted to a room shortly after filling out the new patient paperwork. The tech was very thorough, and made my little dog feel right at ease. Dr. Orr came in, and had different ideas about some of the problems that have plagued us recently with her. My little dog had bloodwork done recently too, and she had some good theories as to why one of her readings was high for her age.The clinic itself is spacious and clean. Dr. Orr herself has a calming way of talking about things, which I appreciated.Overall, a good experience!
5	I have never been to a vet quite like this one. The entire office staff are all so nice, and the doctors communicate with each other to get different perspectives on diagnosis. My six week old kitten had a severe case of pneumonia and I didn't think he would be able to pull through it. The doctors, technicians, and staff were with me every step of the way towards his eventual recovery. Words cannot express my appreciation of their kindness and genuine concern but as long as I am in Arizona they will be my PCV.
1	I would caution any pet owners to look for another vet service. I had been a loyal customer of Bark Ave. However the constant turnover in veterinarians was troublesome. I recently took my dog in for very troubling symptoms and despite writing down in the record my dog was lethargic and temp very low, the vet choose to draw labs and not run them and send her home. My poor 5 year old dog died the next day.Running the labs would have saved her!!! And they had the ability to do the labs in the office and not send them out.4Look for another vet hospital... I believe my dog unnecessarily died and suffered in doing so.
5	I have been to this office before (had a different vet last time but an equally good experience).  Today I met Dr. Orr for the first time.  She was very direct and knowledgeable, giving me the good and bad sides of a treatment I wanted to explore for my dog's itchy skin.  Since I always consider cost as a factor in treatments, they provided me with a treatment plan and all associated costs.  It was surprisingly inexpensive, compared to my past experience with other vets.  Overall, I was very pleased with my visit, specifically:1) How quickly they got me in (appt was for less than 48 hrs out)  2) How well they listened both on the phone and in the clinic  3) How nice everyone I dealt with was to me and my dog  4) The cost!5) Very thorough exam and frank, honest discussion of optionsI am SO PLEASED to have a vet that I trust, and with whom visits do not break my bank!
