5	The magical Amey Clark, RN IBLCL from AZ Breastfed Babies came over for a home visit yesterday to help me with some breastfeeding issues I was having. I had called several lactation consultants and hadn't been receiving return phone calls back. I got Amey's info after desperately calling Zoolikins (natural baby store in Scottsdale) to ask for their recommendation. A lovely associate named Danelle at Zoolikins had told me about Amey and said she had helped her so much, with her own breastfeeding issues. I called Amey and got a quick return call back. She offered to come the same day, but I opted to have her come the next day. We texted a bit before her visit, so that she could know as much as possible before arriving. My sweet girl has lip and tongue ties that were undiagnosed by the hospital where we delivered. Amey showed me the ties and helped me work on some great nursing techniques. I got my baby on my boob for the first time ever (my baby is 11 days old). I had been pumping exclusively because my lil nugget couldn't figure out how to latch. I feel like a new woman thanks to Amey. I cried tears of joy when my daughter latched and nursed like a champ, despite her physical limitations. Motherhood can be very trying, but the hard work pays off. If you, or someone you know, is looking for a lactation consultant, Amey is your gal. She has been a labor and delivery RN forever and her passion is helping moms struggling with breastfeeding. How cool is that?
5	The short of this is I don't think I would have been as successful or as confident breastfeeding without the help of Amey. She's kind, patient, a great communicator and teacher and has a strong network of resources available. Amey came to my house when I started struggling with BF (as a recommendation from our doula and she was also my nurse at Banner Del Webb), gave me some tips on how to improve (it was really painful) and weighted my daughter to basically check if she was getting what she needed in the first place (she was!). Also mentioned that I might want to get her tongue and lip tie fixed which would help a great deal (we did, on another great recommendation).  My daughter is 4.5 months old and still EBF! She's highly responsive (texts, emails etc) and also of note, can provide consolidated billing since lactation consultants are, thanks to ACA, covered by most insurers.
5	AMEY IS THE BEST!! Seriously she is wonderful. When I had my son I was having a lot of trouble breast-feeding, I went to Amey for help and she did just that and more. She helped me find the best positions to nurse and she answered all of the questions and concerns I had as a new mom. I spent the first week in tears and sad that I wasn't able to feed my son the way he needed so we started to supplement with formula, I felt terrible and I knew I needed help Amey was able to guide me and teach me to nurse my son. Not only is she full of knowledge and talent she is a wonderful person, very personable. I can not say enough positive things about her. If you are in need of a lactation expert reach out to Amey you will be so happy you did. THANK YOU AMEY!!
5	I can't say enough about how AMAZING Amey is! My baby is 4mos and I don't know where I'd be without having all of her help the past 4mos. I started off with having latch issues, she came to my house promptly upon our arrival home from the hospital and spent time answering all my questions and helping me breastfeed. She also gave me amazing recommendations such as a chiropractor that has helped drastically with my baby breastfeeding as well and was very knowledgeable on tongue ties and how to breastfeed after having the procedure done. Recently, my supply decreased and we had to supplement with formula and Amey was available to answer all of questions and give me a recommendation for a formula when my baby was allergic to everything else we had given him. She has been a lifesaver, SO responsive and sweet to this spastic first time mom. I HIGHLY recommend Amey and cannot wait to have more babies just so I can keep going to back to her!! Thank you Amey!
5	Breastfeeding is a journey for a first time mom and I can't imagine it without Amey.  She came to my home the day I came home from the hospital and answered all my questions plus put me at ease knowing my little girl was latching properly and getting plenty to eat! I didn't end there and I have had tons of questions along the way but Amey is always there to help me out. She has such a kind heart and is so enthusiastic about helping mommies breastfed and truly enjoy it. Just like all the other reviewers stated...she's THE BEST :)
5	Amey is an amazing IBCLC! She is warm, caring, and passionate about breastfeeding. Her expert advise is just what any mom who  struggling, or just wants some great beginnings advice, needs. I tell all of my friends about her. I'm even considering buying her newborn package as a gift for my friend who is pregnant. Amey saved my breastfeeding relationship with my second child and was there for me when I needed her support with my first child. I love Amey!
5	Amey is AMAZING. She saved my breast feeding relationship! She gave me support during that very emotional first week, and helped me get through some very challenging obstacles, as my baby was born with a short tongue and couldn't latch correctly most times, which led to painful blisters. She's also helped a friend of mine, and I would highly recommend her to anyone!
5	I'm a mama of 4, and pretty sure footed when it comes to nursing but I still manage to come up with questions and weird scenarios it seems with every pregnancy! Amey is always there to answer my questions, offer advice and encouragement. And she's always super available which is amazing, since these questions don't always happen during business hours. I recommend Amey to every nursing friend I have!
5	I first met Amey 2 years ago while pregnant with my second child. She was a nurse at the birth center and taught all the new mom classes. I learned so much from her, even as a second time mom. When my son was 10 months old I began to struggle with supply problems and Amey was my first contact. She helped me know where to go to get the suction on my pump checked, she recommended several strategies to help increase production and she cared. She was always available when I had questions or concerns and she was able to give several suggestions on things to try. Now, I have my third child, 11 months old, and my first case of mastitis. My natural contact was Amey. She is such a breastfeeding goddess that I knew she would be able to help. She was very prompt with her response time and gave me tons of natural remedies to try. She even helped me decide when the natural remedies weren't enough and I needed to get antibiotics to help me heal. Amey is a god sent to all breastfeeding moms! I highly recommend her and all of her knowledge!
