3	We visited MakMak for the first time recently, and were overall pretty happy with the experience. the restaurant is quaint, and the service is great- the waitress was very hospitable and sweet, and helpful when making the menu selection.The veggie tomyum soup was awesome. it had a good 'kick' to it. I liked the imperial roll as well, but I found it to be a little bland- although I enjoyed the crispiness. I was a little disappointed with the pad thai- the noodles were kind of soggy and the saucy was pretty salty and tasted a bit like ketchup. I know there are different variations of pad-thai, but generally i like mine with the noodles fried a little longer and crispier and the sauce to have a little more going on. I was also dissapointed with the spice-rating- I ordered a 5 (out of 6) and it wasn't spicy at all!on the whole, I like makmak and i'll probably be back, but I find it a little overpriced considering the magnitude of cheap thai in montreal.
1	After a late night of working, we were seeking quick warm comforting food so we decided to go in. Interestingly enough this place had a flatscreen tv airing the hockey game, and also a beer menu so extensive that it made us look around to see where they could have fit it all. The menu itself was different, in that the font was so tiny and the place was so dimly lit that we all had a really hard time reading it, and there were so many random stickers placed on half the selection to say it was unavailable. When ordering the server announced to us that his wife was Thai, so we thought we were in for a treat. We decided to share our plates to get a little of everything, we ordered a soup with noodles and wonton, rice dish with shrimp, and the cric crac croc, fried noodles and chicken. When the plates came, we found the portions to be a little bit on the small size considering the price but nothing could hide our disappointment for the flavour and taste. There seemed to be a common theme for flavour here, sweet, or sweet heat or bland. One of my favourite things about Thai food is the complex layers of herbs, and sauce and spice, you can take a bite, and get a nice little harmony going on, this just left us very disappointed and unsatisfied. I wish I could recommend it since it's in my neighbourhood, but I can't, it just isn't what Thai food should be, What I do think though, is next time there's a game on, it would be a good place to drink a few beers and watch the game, cause it seemed like that was what everyone else was doing.
3	I've been walking by MakMak for a few years now, and have never made it in for many reasons. I was finally able to make it in  tonight, with it being a cold late fall evening, I was pleased to see they have a curtain to keep the cold draft out of the sitting area. This is a pretty small space, with seating for 25-30 people. The service was pleasant and helpful, but the menus really need to be updates, with many hand edits done to the inside. I really enjoyed the food, the spring rolls were tasty and my main dish was delicious, I would recommend eating here, and I will return, for an inexpensive meal. It's not the cheapest, but it's worth the price.
4	Small thai influenced resto in St-Henri. Cozy dinning room-I prefer delivery! Large beer selection (30+). Mostly noodle/veggie based dishes, also a selection of soups around $8-12 per dish. You choose your protein (tofu, chicken, beef) and level of spice (1-6). A good deal for the price. They do tend to go easy on the spice so be sure to ask for it if you prefer a kick.
2	I always walked in front of it on my way to some friend's place and I recently decided to try it out. I have to say it's not the best place, the prices are a bit high when compared to other places and the food lacks in flavour. if you're a fan of spicy food, they can go very high on the spicy scale.
4	I have been here several times throughout the past 3-4 years and the food has never dissapointed.  Staff is super friendly and overall leaves me with a warm St. Henri kind of feeling.Cheers!
2	People seemed really nice and friendly. I didn't get to experience the service since I was ordering for take-out. The food was disappointing though. First, the dishes were not particularly flavourful and second, I found the amount of noodles and rice to be too abundant compared to the quantity of sauce/meat/soup. The place seems to cater primarily to people who identify as MSG-sensitive, which might account for the lack of flavour.
2	Went craving a pad Thai. Ordered tofu veggie pad-Thai. Not the best I've had. The sauce is on the sweet side. You can order 6 degrees of spicyness. I tried 3 and felt no heat at all. Had some yellow peppers, green beans, carrots and broccoli. I found the noodles mushy and the bottom of the plate had an accumulation of water. A bit more bean sprouts would have been better. On a positive note the lime was fresh and not dried up.  The veggie peanut butter dumplings were the worst I've ever had. Warmed up in the microwave and stuffed with what tasted like box mashed potatoes. Definitely avoid. Great soup selection. I'll be back to try something else. Friendly service.
1	I just ordered to go today. Seriously, it was the worst general Tao ever. Very disappointed. It was almost only rice. I also ordered a the padsew and it was bad. I would not recommend this place at all.
3	Makmak was decent. Not super delicious and slightly overpriced. They carry singha. The tom yum was slightly unusual and not fantastic but I have had worse. The spring rolls were normal. The pork dumplings were good. Good peanut sauce. I haven't tried the pad thai so I cannot judge. Service was good. Cute place too.
2	Went here jonesing for tom yum on a cold winter day between Christmas and New Years. It was quite disappointing. I chose the seafood Tom Yum on the specials list (chalkboard). The broth was good but the seafood was awful. The shrimp were rubbery and over-cooked, the mussels came from a can, the bits of octopus were tough and tasteless, the little bits of veg in the soup hardly worth the effort to pick up with chopsticks. Makmak means "a lot", so I was told. My experience there was not.
