5	I don't give out many 5's. Let me explain why they get a 5. They are better than any of the Chinese fast food places I have been. The food was plentiful, hot, and taste. The service was good. I just don't think it could get better. I drive to Arrowhead area several times a week and have seen Yu's. They are new and have only been open a couple of weeks. Since they are in my neighborhood, I thought I should give them a try.Very clean and friendly place. We went in at lunch time and looked at the lunch menu. They have lunch meals for less than $6.00. With drink was just over $7.00 per meal. I got the house chicken. Marked spicy. Not overly spicy but I am used to eating some very hot foods so I am not always the best person to ask. My wife got the Orange Chicken. Wow. We got enough food to feed 4 or 5 people. Depending on how hungry you are there is enough food to feed 3 people in each meal. The food was good, and temperature was hot, hot as they cook it while you wait. Much better than the other Oriental food places in the area. I will be back. Many times. This place just got started. Go see them. You will enjoy your food and service.
4	This place is awesome.  Huge amount of food for the price you pay.  We always go home with leftovers.  Lunch specials are pretty much the same as the dinner potion, just cheaper!They are very fast and everything is fresh-made--not sitting in a pan ready to heat up for you.  The employees are very nice and patient when you can't make up your mind.This is my new favorite fast-food chinese place!UPDATE:  The owners of this restaurant have changed.  The four star rating is only applicable to the previous owners.  I might update it if I ever go back.  The new owners say the food is the same, but it's not.  The previous owners were much more personable and knew what you liked and how you liked it prepared.
5	This was my 4th trip. Every time I am treated like a valued customer. The lady that I believe is the owner always comes out and checks several times to make sure everything is to your liking. As always we get more in an order than you can eat. You can't get better value anywhere. Two can eat from one meal. This makes the outing very inexpensive if both people can agree on what to eat. They have a great menu. I especially like the house chicken. The quality of food is excellent. Everything is fixed fresh while you wait. The rice is a very good quality. Cooked correctly, never mushy as in many other places.  You can't get a better quality anywhere in the area. Go see them!!You will be back often.
4	You do receive a lot of food and this place is a great value. My wife loved the curry chicken and my son liked the orange chicken. My chicken lo mein was bland. No real taste to it. The egg fried rice was bland as well. The 4 stars is because everyone really liked their food and I thought mine was so so.We will order from here again and I think I'll try something different.
5	I've been here twice since they've opened.  The lady working in the front is always nice and accommodating.  This is one of those restaurants where you feel that they genuinely appreciate your business.  The interior is decorated nicely and is very clean.We've only done take-out.  On our latest trip there, I had the mongolian beef combination platter and my boyfriend got the orange chicken combo, since they don't have general tso's chicken on the menu.  The combination includes rice AND noodles, which is rare, along with a great eggroll and two pieces of crab puff.  The food seemed fresh and definitely hit the spot in terms of taste...very flavorful.  The combos are priced at about $9, which may seem a bit high, but then again, they are also very generous with their portions.  The location is a bit unfortunate, as I think this place would have a lot more business elsewhere.  The service and the food are definitely worth checking this place out.
5	Love this place and the owner, she is awesome and always remembers me when I come in.  I really dig the House Lo Mein and their Honey Walnut Shrimp, while the kids always get the Orange Chicken.  Also, don't forget the crab puffs...  Nothing better than fried cream cheese.  They have coupons on their website www.yuschinese.com
5	The food here is delicious.  The service and prices are perfect.  My wife and I tried their house lo mein, orange chicken, lemon chicken, and crab puffs.  Normally crab puffs from other locations have barely anything in them.  This was not the case at Yu's.  The kids loved everything too...they ate everything on their plate.  Now I want to go back and try something different.  :o)
2	Edit 1/15/2014:  Since my original posting in April 2012, I have ordered here a bunch of times with good consistent quality each time but this most recent experience left a bad taste in my mouth and I won't be ordering here anymore.  I ordered my usual Mongolian beef dinner, order of Pork Fried Rice, and crab puffs and the lady who took my order can recite it from memory every time which is amazing.  So I trusted her to do the same in this instance and thought my order would arrive all good.   After my husband got the food from the driver and paid, we unpacked everything and his usual order of Pork Fried Rice was missing.  Turns out, the lady who took my order upgraded my plain fried rice in my entree to the Pork Fried Rice for a $2 upcharge and didn't correctly put in the entree order of the fried rice.  I immediately called the restuarant back as soon as the driver left to let them know and she explained the confusion and whatnot and said she would send the missing item ASAP.  Driver comes back within 20 mins and we got hit with an addition $7 charge for the Pork Fried Rice.  We paid it of course but since it was the restuarant's mistake, I was hoping for a small discount to even out the upgraded fried rice that I DID NOT WANT in my entree.  I ended up giving my fried rice to my husband so he could have an extra helping.  We have been cutting back on ordering out more and more over the years and this is something that will be definitely be cut out for good.  What a shame.  I liked them too.Original: I was looking for a chinese delivery place that I haven't tried yet and I found this place through Yelp.  Because of the high reviews and that I am in its delivery range, I decided to order.It was a Saturday night when I placed the order and a nice woman answered (it could've been the owner that other reviews mentioned) and I started asking her a bunch of questions about a couple dishes and she was patient and informative which helped me tremendously in deciding what I wanted and having a great dining experience.  She gave me the final total, which I noticed many Chinese places don't do for some reason and I absolutely appreciated it for bookkeeping on my part, and an estimated delivery time of 30 to 40 minutes.The guy came right on time and he was very friendly.  The food was nice and steamy and still piping hot after all that time.  I am a fan and as I order more from here I will either increase the rating to 5 stars or if I start having bad experiences will decrease it accordingly.  I hope I don't have bad experiences because this place has some great quality food!
4	Delicious! We have been back many times, and tried new things each time. Hunan chicken, garlic chicken, moo shoo chicken, lo mein and fried rice. The lady at the front is always there and always friendly.
4	I found this place on yelp. This is the first truly decent Chinese food that I've had since I moved to the area from California. We ordered the Family Dinner for 4. It came with:Wonton soup - EXCELLENT, lots of tasty won tons, shrimp, chicken, pork and a varity of crispy fresh veggies.  It could easily be a meal in itself. I really loved it.Pupu platter - YUMMY - very generous portions of egg roll, spare ribs, fried shrimp, beef skewers and crab puffs. Egg Fried rice, beef w/ brocolli, sweet and sour pork, orange chicken and house lo mein. Everything was tasty, fresh, lots of flavor and not greasy. It generously fed 5 adults with lots of leftovers.The woman who took my order offered me 15% discount since we were out of their delivery area. It was worth the short drive from Sun City. I will definitly be back in!
4	Actually, I wish I could give this place 3 1/2 stars, since it's certainly not a 3 star, but it definitely isn't 4, at least not yet. It supposedly is under new management (according to a quick tip a week ago) but we didn't see any signs of that. We have not been here prior to new ownership/management, so I can't say if things have changed. Service - Excellent. Lady was very attentive, kept my drink filled constantly, even after the bill was paid (big kudos). Food - Well, this is where it was somewhat lacking. Reading the other reviews I thought this place would have pretty authentic stuff, but I was wrong. Maybe it was prior to new management/ownership, but certainly not now. We ordered:Won ton soup with noodles: while the noodle soup wasn't too shabby (a bit bland for me), the won tons were disappointing. The skin was too thick, and it really ended up tasting more like dumplings than won tons. Lemon chicken: pretty good stuff. Chicken was moist and thinly battered, and not too oily from the deep frying. Lots of lemon sauce, would definitely order again.Ma-po tofu: extremely disappointing, didn't taste like your traditional ma-po tofu at all. It was bland, without any meat in it, and with huge chunks of tofu. Basically looked (and tasted) like hot and sour soup on a plate, but with less soup and spice.Singapore rice noodles: Surprisingly good. Had a slightly spicy curry taste to it, would definitely order again.Location is a bit off, but not hard to find. Nice ambiance inside. Not too busy when we went (Sat night...but it was starting to storm) but lots of take outs. Will probably be back to try other items.
4	There was a change in ownership, which is sad.  The new owner seems very nice.  The food is still excellent, but it was the old owner that took the place to a 5 star.  i will return and re-evaluate again.
1	I've tried this place three times....just to be sure.  Here's what I found.  I ordered lemon chicken and all three times it was like water.  It didn't even have a lemon taste.  This last time, I simply used my own lemons and doctored it to where I could appreciate the flavor, but the consistency was not good.  Other members of my family  tried the sweet and sour chicken and the garlic chicken.  All of the dishes were flavorless.  This is the third strike for us.  No more Yu's.
5	This place was awwwesome! So goin twice this week :)
5	Amazing wonton soup!!!
5	Have come here for lunch a few times. I love the mongolian chicken, the service is great and its cheap.
1	I really HATE paying $30 for horrible food! This place sucks eat here at own risk.
4	I love this local restaurant.  Staff is great.  Food is tasty, fresh and hot.  Garlic chicken is my favorite.
4	We've tried a few chinese take-out places in this area, and we like Yu's the best. The portion sizes are huge, and the food seems fresh. Some other places around here have very bland food, but Yu's tastes great. I've gotten 4 or 5 different dishes and they were all delicious, and when I get the "combo", the food lasts me 3 meals. My only complaint is that the crab rangoon has very little filling. I usually do take-out, but I dined at Yu's once, and the atmosphere was nice, and you can get beer there too.
5	Love love looooooovvvvee this place! i usually have it delivered and it's always nice n hot. everything is yumm trust me ;) #WearStretchyPants
3	Very good on my first try. Can't wait to try the duck and see how that is.
4	Yu's is very possibly our new chinese food place! It was a sick day for me and the kiddos so my husband went out to pick up some egg drop soup and ended up bringing home their spicy orange chicken, beef lo mein, and sesame chicken. What a feast!! For those 3 lunch combos including crab rangoons, the best egg rolls I've had in a loooong time and 3 good size bowls of egg drop soup, we spent $17. Affordable, tasty, and just what we needed to feel better. My husband is very selective about his chinese food and he loved it.  I can't wait to go back again.
4	has my Q.Q.V. quality quantity and value ,very friendly , had the house chicken a hole breast fried and then sauce,hot and sour soup a little above avrage,my wife loved her kung pao chicken,next time i am going to try the lemon or the orange chicken,my wife says she is going to have the house chicken,and the cost of all this 5.25 it can not stay this cheep,OH they have changed the name do to trade make to -8 Fortune- but same food same owner-all i can say is try it you will like it,PS the water is filtered
5	I've ordered delivery probably 5-8 times since I moved into the area they have yet to disappoint. The house chicken is the best I've ever had and everything else is great as well. Now I have to speak on the service most of the time I talk to the same lady I think she may be the owner or manager and she's awesome I call and she pretty much knows me and acts like I'm her best friend, great personality! Tonight I spoke to a different girl and she was perfectly pleasant as well but by the end I still somehow got connected to my favorite (didn't ask for her not a weirdo lol) she just wanted to chat I guess.... Crazy great service! I was quoted 45 mins on delivery it arrived in less than 30! I will never order from anyone else!
1	Everyone said this place was great so I tried it.... $20 for a dinner combo and crab puffs isn't bad but EVERYTHING was terrible. The orange chicken was dry, the rice was bland, the crab puffs didn't have enough cream cheese and the egg roll ?? I don't even know what was in that. The egg drop soup was bearable. Not ordering from here again.
