5	I had the chance to sit down and have a great meal here the other night...I am happy and sad to say that this was my first time eating at an Iron chef's restaurant, that because I enjoy good food, and I thought I'd have been to one sooner than now. I am glad this was my first time at any Iron chef's restaurantsHosteses were very nice and seating was prompt. Server was Stephanie, and she was very knowledgeable of the menu. Even the food runners knew the menu, and explained the dish in detail when the food come out.I started with the Michelada, made with Modelo beer. Spicy, and the perfect start. The roasted peanuts that came out after I sat were warm, which was a very cool idea. I ordered the ceviche (yellowtail) and the house guacamole. My sis and I cleaned the guac and I cleaned the ceviche. The yellowtail ceviche was a little too hot for her liking - made with some sort of addition of serrano peppers. I loved it. Next came the white wine sangria. Seriously? Great idea. Im not a fan of drinking something that looks like blood. This was clear, sweet, and it'll probably be the only sangria I'll choose to drink ever again. Main courses came out next - Carne En Adobo, and The Huarache De Hongos. First the Huarache - Corn flatbread on as the base, with wild mushrooms, black truffles, corn, and a cheese blend. Great! The brisket had an adobo wet rub, and was smoked for a long time. I made the mistake of trying to cut it with a knife. I felt dumb after it litterally fell through the beef. It came out with warm street style corn tortillas, and 3 mini salsas. All of them were different and interesting. the overall appearence of these dishes were really creative, and the overall enviornment was... ... different. There are some uses of materials that I never though I would see. Not like uncomfortable, they were used in a great way, it's something I don't even want to undulge to tell anyone because it's more fun to go and explore it for yourself. Huge plus for the Dias de la Muerte skulls in the walkway coming in. Got to meet Jose Garces as well. I was thinking that most chefs, and even Iron Chefs were egotistical, but Jose was very approachable, and a really laid back kind of guy. It's good to know that it's all business in the kitchen, and a different attitude towards others in the dining area. Kudos, man. I'll definitely be coming back... Overall, I had a great time, at a great new restaurant.
5	This place is awesome. Tried it opening night.We've eaten at a lot of celebrity chef places; batali, flay, morimoto, yamaguchi, bastianich, lagasse, etc and this place easily fits in at that level of quality and service. We'll be back many times and we will bring friends and family. Gotta check it out.
4	The correct website for this location is www.jdvhotels.com/dining/distrito .Parking cost $10 but you can get a validation that takes $5 off the parking charge.I made our reservation early since I read about a Happy Hour to try. (Monday-Friday 5pm-7pm) I was very Happy that the Margarita tasted GREAT but I was somewhat disappointed that happy hour only means ordering off the menu as is, so after a round of drinks we went to our table.The dining room is a fun mix of bright colors texture and sparkles with tables close together.This is Tapas dining so you need to order several small plates to share, several people told us at least two three or four per person or to order Chef's Tasting Menus.  Chips and guacamole were suggested often to us but we concluded we would prefer ordering more unusual items off the menu rather than filling up on ($7) chips and salsa, we finally decided and ordered.The ONLY negative thing I can say about the food is about the first plate we started with, the Hamachi Ceviche . The ceviche was excellent and absolutely delicious but I do have to say the portion was only MAYBE one half oz. of fish TO SHARE and the tiny scoop of sherbet was less than a half teaspoon TO SHARE. Our server asked us is we wanted to order another one but at $12 a pop that is crazy. Huarache De Hongos was outstanding, I've tried corn smut before and didn't really enjoy before but here it was completely different to me , absolutely delicious . (this was a vegetarian earthy mushroomy sort of flat bread)We tried a chicken taco plate and received three very stuffed two inch tacos that were very tasty and good.The carne en adobo came out with a tasty crust was fork tender and juicy  (correctly fatty ) with a yummy sauce.  We didnt receive side tortillas and extra sauces but another yelper mentioned they did? 't...we... shared the large that is nine oz. to share, the small is four oz. sized. For our side dish we picked the Esquites - sweet corn queso Fresco chipolte lime , this maybe was the most layered in flavors out of everything we tried,it really was out of this world, it really popped.Our Service was OK the servers all seemed knowledgeable but it was somewhat uncomfortable with a staff of about twelve servers standing with backs against the walls all watching like hawks at the few diners dining. The Servers were quick to soar in as you were trying to finish plates sometimes they came in before you were done.I was considering only giving three stars since I am down on the Portion of Hamachi Ceviche, The Happy Hour and the parking charge. 3-4 Stars
5	Iron Chef Jose Garces Restaurant in Scottsdale? Yes please!!!  I took my mom here Tuesday for her birthday lunch.  The lunch menu is rather limited compared to the dinner menu, which is to be expected, but nonetheless it still delivered.   I began my meal with Chips n Salsa.  Damn good Salsa and solid chips.  Next up were the Nachos Ignacio.  All I have to say is that these were the most unique nachos I have ever eaten in my life, and for the price of only $5 dollars I have no idea how they are not losing money on this dish!.  A pile of chips loaded with caramelized onions, queso mixto, roasted green peppers, olives, red chiles, jalapenos, micro greens and to top it off radishes.  I have never seen a radish on nachos before in my life.   Next was the Camarones Ceviche.  A very, very good shrimp ceviche in a spicy tomato broth, on top of a avocado mouse, a slice of avocado and fried plantain chips.  The only thing I didn't like about it was the avocado.  That's because I personally do not like avocado, but that is just me and not a bash on the dish.  I would get it again in a minute.   Now it's time for the main courses.  My mom had the Costillas.  These BBQ spare ribs were absolutely delicious.  Sweet and succulent pork meat, mmmm.  The ribs were served on top of a chipotle-cider mustard which was great.  Also 6 tortillas.  I had the Carne Asada.  This skirt steak was grilled a perfect rare served over mole coloradito.  This mole was out of this world good!!  Also this was served with 6 tortillas.   I was too full to try a dessert, but if they're anything like the other two courses I had, I'm sure they will be great.  The best thing about lunch time here is the Blue Demon express lunch deal.  Two courses for $15 bucks and that includes a fountain drink or water.  2 courses $15 bucks for cuisine like this? Sign me up!!  Such a great deal considering my Carne Asada is $14 a la carte.   My only glitch with the restaurant was with the theme.  It was very confusing.  I understand the central and southern American atmosphere that the restaurant is trying to do, but there was no cohesiveness to it.  Just very erratic.  This is me just nit picking though and feel free to disagree.  Oh and for the life of me I cannot remember my servers name, but she was an absolute sweetheart.  I cant  wait to go back there again soon and dine on some more additional Iron Chef Jose Garces offerings!!
4	If I were to give this a letter grade, I'd give it a B+ since I did enjoy most of the items that we ordered. We came here last night for christmas eveThe decor was so cool and chic! I give it a A+ because I loved how it was glittery, but not over the top. They had this wall that looked like bubble gum. but was actually velvet or something material.The drinks were fun. I had a Spanish Fly, it was really delicious and not too sweet. Everyone else had beer and wine.The roasted peanuts were so good and had spiciness in it. It was really good.We decided to order guac and guac with crab. They both were delicious and generous with the crab meat. My mom and I split the octopus ceviche which was really good. Our friend ordered this sushi-like dish, Hiramasa ceviche, that he shared with us, it was delicious and fresh-tasting. When I go back, I would definitely order that again.Mom and I split the Los Hungos huaraches dish which was mushroom, it was delicious and warm. Dad had the short rib huaraches which I found a better dish and even more tasting. We also had the carinitas tacos which were good, but not out of this world.We also tried the Mexico City Quesadilla which was delicious flavor, but came a bit cold so we told the service staff and they were very appreciative of us telling them. Overall, it was delicious and I would go back!
5	stopped by around 2:30, sat outside on the patio. great lunch menu for $15 one small plate and entree.we had the ceviche, red snapper tacos, and nachos with sangria and coronas.will definitely be back.  Great patio that overlooks the park behind the hotel.really liked the design of the restaurant. our new favorite mexican restaurant.
5	In addition to the coolness factor of the decor, the food (Mexican tapas) is innovative and sharper versions of "nouveau" Mexico City" food. I had the flatbread with carnitas (yes the chef instantly okayed the substitution) and my friend chose the short ribs. We started with the guacamole with crab- swoon, swoon and munched our way to sheer bliss. Try the corn and if you still feel a teensy bit hungry, go for a dessert. We shared the flourless chocolate cake topped with espresso ice cream which our waiter then swirled over with hot caramel sauce. And did I mention the helpful, friendly and knowledgeable staff? Make sure you visit the restroom- it's a treat just walking there. This place is a must see for any out of town friends or family, but put it on your "favorites"list. And "Urban Spoon"- get busy!
2	I really wanted to like this place, but it just doesn't deliver. The decor was modern mexican and very colorful, but the food was not impressive and the prices were high for what you get, even for downtown Scottsdale. The servers were friendly, but overly attentive and borderline annoying to the point where they kept wanting to remove our plates before we were finished. I ordered the Jefe margarita for $15, which was served in a tiny glass filled with mostly ice.  What little margarita I had was very smooth, but two sips later, it was all gone. My friend had the red sangria which she liked and was actually served in a regular size glass. We shared the Camarones Cevichi which was good, and the chips and guacamole which might have been the only thing worth the price we paid for it. We also shared the Chicken Tacos  and the Mexico City Style Quesadilla - both looked pretty, but underwhelmed on taste.  $70 dollars later, I wondered why we just didn't walk across the park to The Mission. Iron Chef Jose Garces might be a great chef, but this new restaurant falls short.
4	Holy guacamole!  We have anticipating the opening of Chef Jose Garces Mexican restaurant, and were not disappointed. Let's start with the food: A-Chips and Guacamole: A+    Clearly made fresh and seasoned perfectly.  Salsa: B-     I mean we ate it but it was pico style and nothing specialVegetarian mushroom dish (Name?): A+    Mushrooms, truffle oil and cheese on top of a delicious homemade corn flatbread... highlight of the night! Arroz Con Crema: A+   Creamy rice with poblano peppers, it tasted like a savory rice pudding, A-Maz-IngTres Leches: B   The cake itself was a little dry, which is very surprising because it was supposed to be a moist cake, the only reason this dessert gets a B is because the coconut sorbet was heavenly!Hottie, also ordered shrimp and chorizo tacos, brisket, and pulled pork tacos.  He appeared to really enjoy these, but being a vegetarian, I didn't taste them.   Drinks: AHouse Margarita: A+   Perfect flavor, not too sweet or sour.  Jeff Margarita: B-   Hottie ordered this and it was not nearly as good as the house Margarita. Clearly not worth the extra $4Milagro Tequila Flight: A   But really was not necessary ; )Service:  A-Overall we had very good service; they were very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  What really through us off was the servers were wearing T-shirts, which was strange because even the bussers were wearing long sleeve collard black shirts.  It really looked unprofessional (Not their fault of course).  Ambiance: C+I'm sorry but I didn't like the design inside, it was a mess.  The tables were a combination of picnic and princess glitter.  The whole place was confusing, busy and distracting.  They really missed the mark on this one. Although they have a great patio, which is where we will choose to sit once it warms up a bit.  Overall, we had a great meal, and we'll be back. We are actually looking forward to trying them out for brunch soon.
5	Went here for my birthday with my family.  On all accounts, it was amazing!  For one, Scottsdale has needed a good tapas place.  Now we have it.  The service was fantastic, the atmosphere is fun and funky, and the food is fabulous.  My mom loved the chips and guac.  The guac was nice and limey.  My favorites were the steak in adobo and the chorizo shrimp tacos.  Though it's tapas, you actually get a good bit of food in each item.  My suggestion is to start with 2 plates per person and then build from there.  We over ordered, but it was amazing.Will definitely be back.
5	This review is for lunch only.  Both of my visits were on days with perfect weather. The doors of the dining room were opened up to the patio and the Scottsdale Mall.  It was a gorgeous setting.They have an outstanding lunch deal.  For $15 you get a drink, chips and salsa, an appetizer and a main course.  The quality of the food and flavors are all top notch.The highlight for me was the posole soup.  Huge chunks of pork belly and a few little neck clams in a flavorful broth.  I also tried the red snapper fish tacos and the carne asada. Both were delicious.For $15 it was such a great value I almost felt guilty.  Almost.
5	Love it!  I had no idea until my neighbor suggested it.  I am so very glad that he did.  The entire meal was so good: from the margarita, to the ceviche, to the main meal, and then...dessert...my oh my oh my, did we love dessert!  The service was very good, and the atmosphere if fun and light.  I will tell all my friends!
4	Wowzers! I was so excited to try out the new spot in town as I had heard good things, and they did not disappoint. The man and I stopped in for lunch on a Monday as a precursor to our mid-afternoon massages. I gotta give them 5 stars on the food. The lunch menu is a fantastic deal ... You get an appetizer and an entree (lunch portion) and a soft drink for $15. This is really, really reasonable considering the quality and deliciousness of what you get. I had the tortilla soup to start, which had incredible depth of flavor. (It beat the pants off the ceviche that the bf ordered.) Then I had the Queso Fundito for my entree. This is where I thought I had gone to heaven... This dish is a duck barbacoa. Yep, duck! And its amazing. It is served in a cast iron skillet with a red chile-like sauce, roasted poblano peppers and is covered in 3 cheeses that are browned and bubbly on top. You put this delectable mix into fresh tortillas and chow down. There was even enough for me to take to work for lunch the next day.I give them 3 1/2 stars on drinks. The margs are good, but not the best and they are definitely priced on the high end. The Jefe was the best one I tasted, but just not sure its an $11 drink. If you add fresh fruit (blood orange) it adds a couple more bucks to the price too. I would probably abstain from their drinks in the future, unless they had a happy hour discount or I just felt like spending club prices on drinks.The service could use some tweaking. 3 stars. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great. We found ourselves waiting a solid 8-10 minutes after placing a drink order before the server came back for our food order... There were only about 4 other tables in the whole place, so I'm not sure what he was up to that whole time. He did make solid recommendations on the food and had an understanding on the menu, but his attentiveness could be better. Smiling would also be good! A manager stopped by at one point and she was super nice asking about our lunch and gave a good recommendation on a drink.I will definitely recommend this place and keep it in my list of places to visit again!
5	I've never been to Distrito at night, but recently I had the $15 lunch which comes with two courses, or tapas. I ordered the tortilla soup and the strip steak tacos. The flavors were amazing; really outstanding, quality ingredients. The portion size was a little small, but this is understandable because it is supposedly a "tapas" restaurant. If you're really hungry, I would recommend ordering an additional appetizer. I noticed that Distrito had churros on their dinner menu but not on their lunch menu. I asked if I could order them anyway and they were very obliging. I'm so happy I asked, they were PERFECT. Soft in the center, and accompanied by two different delicious dipping sauces. I will return for the churros, if nothing (or everything!) else.
2	OK, I've been here twice and I have to give this Mexican Modern restaurant an A+ for ambience.  They have clearly taken care to really focus on the decorative details.  The food, unfortunately, is another matter entirely.  Dinner portions are 'tapas style' which I believe is just an excuse for them to present excruciatingly small portions at uncomfortably high price points.  I ordered  the pulpo which was beautifully presented, but short on flavor.  The chicken tacos were likewise beautifully presented, but were virtually absent of any actual chicken.  Each small corn tortilla was covered in a mound which consisted almost entirely of a red mole type sauce which had a single note flavor and drowned out all the other ingredients.  My dinner companion ordered a tamale which came out in a modern deconstructed style, but portion size was again an issue.  This tamale was certainly no more than a third of the size of a normal tamale and the ingredients were also drowning in mole sauce making it a one note experience.  Including tax and tip, $26 for two miniscule dishes is simply too high a price to pay regardless of cute decor.  Not sure about the long term prospects of this establishment and given the history of this particular location and the abundance of dining choices in Old Town, they really need to bring their A game in order to succeed.Another disappointed reviewer below wonders why she didn't stroll over to The Mission which, for the same price point, would have provided a far heartier meal.  I would have to agree that for a complete dining experience, including creative and flavorful latin cuisine, The Mission is a far superior option.
4	Iron worthy, though if  I had known that Old Town Whiskey has the same burger as Philadelphia's Village Whiskey I might not have given Distrito a chance. It was good, creative and quite different.   My Paloma drink came in 3 parts, grapefruit soda, tall glass of ice and a salted highball with tequila. I wasn't quite sure how to consume it, there were no accompanied instructions. The duck fundido was nice, huge and greasy beyond compare, but I like that. The truffle Haurache flat bread was good and the corn and cilantro sprouts made it. I fear the description of corn smut on the menu may not make it a top seller.
5	I absolutely love coming here to expand my pallet. I have the "chef's tasting" and WOW!! It gives us a whole tour of the menu. Although the menu seems complicated - the servers makes it really easy for you to make a decision. This is a great bargain to sample lots of the most delicious items on the menu. If you have a couple extra bucks to spend, try the fish of the day. When i went in, we had this honey glazed divers scallops with corn and potatoes. Under $25You can trust that the waiters working here are trained extensively and know the ins-and-outs of all the food. If you watched Top Chef, this is Jose Garces concept restaurant - so it doesn't get any more legit than this!I will also mention that the drinks they create here are short of a masterpiece. The EL HEFE is my favorite drink made with don julio reposado tequilla. YUM!I look forward to my next visit!
2	Liked the ambiance which is important. I have eaten at many restaurants and have to say there was some big short comings though.We tried a number of different items on the menu to share along with a few drinks. Sangria was ok...  nothing special and over priced.The service was really poor. When I say poor it came in a number of areas from being very slow to an arogent  attitude  to go along with it. When it took over 30 minutes to get our guacamole and chips brought out we asked one of the staff members why it was taking so long. I don't think I have every experienced such a rude way of dealing with customers but the guy was terrible. It was probably the worst way to have handled our inquiry about what was going on.  (can you tell it was not a good experience)Well the food finally came out  and as a rating on the food I would say it was average.It consisted of  good quality ingredients and tasted good. But for what it we got... i would say it is  WAY over priced compared to dinning in other City's.As great as the design of the space was the Presentation of the food  was poor!I don't know if I had to come again I guess I would ....  but if you looking to try something new....  i would have to say try something different.I have had much better elsewhere.
5	Service outstanding ( thank you Chris!), really made the night special.  The food was wonderful as well. Mahi tacos  and scallops were both amazing!!  Sangria superb!
4	Excellent food and service! Came here for breakfast, sat outside in the sun looking over the park and mall - really nice! Tried the smoked brisket skillet, the Juevos Rancheros, the Tequila raisin walnut pancakes and the tres letches French toast - I know what you think and yes I'm that kind of a breakfast pig. Coffee was good and plentiful. Can't wait to come back for lunch.
2	Second time here. This time for brunch. Service was not as good as first time, slow. Chips came out after the food.  Nice outdoor patio to sit and relax on a nice day.  food is great, street tacos are delicious.  not a lot of food for the price on the lunch menu.Have not been here for dinner, only lunch.
4	First of all, I'm usually skeptical of restaurant reviews in those free city magazines you see when traveling. When we arrived in Phoenix our luggage didn't so we were stuck in airport reading all the "what to do in..." literature. Distrito was featured in Where and the photo caught me right away; the design looked funky and inviting. We decided to give it a try and boy did it prove my skeptisicm wrong. Excellent experience from start to finish. When you walk in you are met by a wall of Day of the Dead masks and bright colors everywhere. Our server, Chris, made it a special night. He knew the menu and instilled a fun attitude. The menu is tapas style and the prices are well worth the quality. The food came fast, was hot, fresh, and delicious. Great service. And the food was exceptional. We loved guac, which was made at a station fresh, the ceviches and the carnitas tacos. Highly recommend.
3	Checking out the $20 brunchGo for the ambiance and bring a camera.  It's a fun field trip to try to find or even get into the Saguaro Hotel.  They've done a great job renovating the entire property and has the feel of a big resort.  That being said...it feels like a big resort...not a lot of people around.  It would actually be a great place to film a zombie movie!We were one of three tables in the place as they had just opened and took probably 20 minutes to get our food.  Unless we're at a Luau and you have to pull the pig out of the ground...I'm just saying there' not enough chips and salsa to keep me happy.Our server was great and chatty through the whole process.  We originally tried to go to the Scottsdale Street Eats food truck festival, which turned out to be a gong show.  So Distrito was our final destination.  Brunch is served with a small app and your main dish for $20. It ends up being a mountain for food after the chips and salsa for a starter.I'd recommend just splitting an appetizer and I think they do an entree/beer deal.Food was good/fresh, but they'll have to work hard to start drawing a crowd in
5	I tried to get in for dinner last night, and I couldn't!  Awesome that, for a new hotel/restaurant, they already have such a problem!  I just noticed, too, that they are a "a Joie de Vivre Hotel."  I love these hotels because they emphasize the experience with all the "little somethings" that make you feel good about being there.
5	Superb food at lunch! Had mahi mahi tacos, huevos rancheros, chicken tacos, and chicken tacos. Everything was very unique and very good. Service a little slow but great unique food!
4	Another Jose Garces joint -  unique experience in the Saguaro hotel. The decor is funky and the waiters are all hipsters in kicks. Maybe trying a bit too hard. Yelp check in deal for guac....sweet.The menu is Mexican with a twist. The lengua tacos were dripping tender goodness. A bit pricey for what you get. The queso fundido was cheesy gooey tasty. Sangria was a bit light.Seems to pick up after night and some long benches make for a good group session. The hotel is similarly funky.
1	Chicken thigh and leg came medium rare. Entres were lukewarm. Apppetizers were incosistent. Pork shoulder was cooked at too high a temp and not long enough, stringy and dry. Beans were not cooked long enough. Fire alarm went off twice during meal and slow service with attitude. Carnitas tacos were ok. Terrible experience, pretty much ruined our dinner, look elsewhere for good mexican.
3	Ended up here after a game over the weekend and I liked it bc it wasn't packed like every other place on the way back to the hotel.We got there just in time for happy hour.  Everything was $5, including the margaritas - such a great deal AND when I checked in, we got free guac.  Love it.The food was good - not great, but, then again, we only got snacks, so whatevvs.
4	A new breakfast option in old town Scottsdale. The decor is superb and the weekend crowd is minimal. Juevos Rancheros and the Skirt Steak & Eggs are both fabulous. Prices for breakfast are reasonable.
3	I have to say, the food is excellent BUT the service is AWFUL!  I can't say it's the waitstaff fault, but rather, the kitchen is SO SLOW!  When the restaurant opened at 8am for breakfast, it took a table of 6 (with nobody else in the restaurant) 45 minutes to get items like:  oatmeal, fruit and granola, 2 eggs over easy.  That is absurd!I did order one of the specialty breakfast and though I was antsy waiting for it, when it arrived, it did not disappoint.  The Rancheros with asparagus and tomatoes was excellent!For lunch, it was the same predicament!  They have an excellent guacamole and the street tacos are almost worth waiting for.  Almost. But not forever!I hope this place cleans up their act in the kitchen, because they cook some good food.
4	This place is located in the hotel at the corner of Drinkwater and Indian School.  I can't remember the name, because it changes ownership ALL THE TIME.  First off, expect to spend lots of dough.  The portions, for the most part, are tappas sized, and you'll need to order at least two (at $10 a shot) depending on your appetite.  The flavors, though, are masterfully paired.  This place is definitely for foodies that appreciate chefs that actually COOK and CREATE.The guacamole, again expensive, is probably the best I've ever had. It's not overpowering in spice, cilantro or anything...it's just fresh and mild and smooth and delightful.  I've heard if you check in on Yelp, that you get a guac for free, so look into that.A pitcher of top-shelf, hangover-free, margaritas will set you back $60, but the food begs for a tasty cocktail to toast with your friends.The parking stinks - valet for the most part. Look for free, open parking to the west of the property, or park in old town near the Grapevine restaurant and take a 2 minute walk.
4	Distrito holds true to its claim of Modern Mexican food. This is definitely not your corner taco truck, but what they do, they do quite well. The decor is awesome with a modern, funky, retro blend. Sliding doors open to the outside patio which it nice on a warm evening. Service was pretty good overall sans a couple of hiccups including getting a small ramekin of chili paste when salsa was requested. Food was great. Guacamole was fresh, ceviches were very good. Tacos were great, each one coming with different sauces and garnish (I really recommend the mahi-mahi with chipotle remoulade, avacado and cabbage). Nachos were a cheesy mound of wonderfulness on a plate. While I didn't drink (WHAT?!?), everybody was happy with their margarita, michelada or tequila tasting from the well stocked bar. Overall a great place I would recommend and will come back to without hesitation.
4	Really good food that's just a little dressed up (Iron Chef style).Tacos carnitas: Excellent.  Pork done perfect, tastes rich and crisp.Ceviches: Odd.  The hamachi and atun were really more sashimis -- completely raw but with nice saucesCochinita a la pibil: Pork cooked just right, lots of good spices and flavors.  A tad mushy, but...Spare ribs: As good as they get. Pricey but, for the most part, well worth it.
5	I had been to the restaurant here when it was the Mondrian....then for a brief period it became the Theodore hotel....now as The Saguaro it's new restaurant space is called Distrito. We rolled up here on a bike crawl last night-which was a surprise because usually this type of swanky establishment does not cater to our booze cruisin' crew. I was immediately impressed by the very cool (and colorful! the stark white is gone!) decor complete with gold sparkly tables, dia de los muertos skulls, and pop art style wall paintings. There was a different feel to the place too. No longer did you get the sense the staff was giving you the stare-down. It seemed younger, hipper, more fun and whimsical rather than upscale pretentiousness. We enjoyed some cocktails but the food seems like it's getting some great reviews! Definitely worth a try, it will change your mind.
4	this was a second stop on recent bike pub ride with Rage cycles. i like the new bar/restaurant layout. they have a very Dia de los muertos motif going on. it is bright and open, but intimate and not stuffy. there are flecked gold tables in the bar area and large wall with skull sculptures lining the shelves. the bar is replete with soft mood lighting, but there's an overall feel of swanky, 70's ish-ness to it. the white starkness is gone and this area is much more inviting and conducive to drinking!our bartender was friendly and quick, important on a pub ride.
2	I feel like I'm in the minority, but I wasn't really wowed by this place. A small group of coworkers wanted Mexican for dinner, this was near our office so here we went. You have to valet your car which is kind of annoying, but the guys were nice and the inside where the restaurant is pretty impressive decor wise, so I was in a good mood. Once our group trickled in, we ordered some drinks and I used my check-in deal to get free chips & guac for the table. I had the pineapple margarita which was delicious, but a little on the small side, the rest of the tables got different types of margaritas and all seemed to enjoy them. The waiter came out and explained that it's a tapas style restaurant (probably wouldn't have picked this place had I known that, $8-14/plate is pretty steep imho) and so we all decided on what we would order. If I remember correctly, we had theTacos de mahi mahi - didn't try these, but heard they were good. Tacos de camarones - didn't try, no complaintsTacos de pollo - I enjoyed these, though I wish the tortillas were a little bigger for all of the things they cram onto themTamale - I really liked this. Has a bit of a kick to itPollo ahumado a la yucateco - alright. I'm not a fan of sweet poultry I guess, but everyone else liked it. Chips & salsa - very goodAbout halfway through I ordered a Michelada. Due to my ignorance and the misleading description on the menu (Modelo especial, lime, spices, salt), I didn't know I was ordering the GROSSEST drink in the world. My fault, and I just drank the rest of the modelo out of the bottle, but I was surprised no one asked me about it. There was also a fly in it, but as I was with coworkers I didn't want to cause a scene over it (my fault, lesson learned). Another slightly annoying thing is that the glass windows on the side of the building slide open (which is actually pretty cool), but the one or two times they did this to get out to the patio they let flies in, which were buzzing around our table nonstop. The servers saw us batting them away but no one offered a slight "sorry about that". All in all, 5 dishes and 7 drinks ran us about $150. If these were main dishes, I'd be indifferent, but for the value of what you pay for vs. what you get, I can't recommend Distrito.
4	I've been to Distrito twice now... once for a grand opening party and once for breakfast.  Both times I was super impressed.  I'm a huge fan of the modern decor, bright colors, moderate prices, and friendly staff.  And I was super impressed with the food as well!I met Chef Jose Garces (yes - the distinguished Iron Chef) at the grand opening party, and while I don't follow the chef scene too closely outside of Arizona, it was an honor to see him in action!  A couple of glasses of their sangria made the experience even more fun!When I returned recently for breakfast, I had a lovely experience dining outside on the patio overlooking the park.  The (Garces Trading Co) coffee was fabulous, as was my order... the Huevos Rancheros.  Service from Manny was spot-on as well.My husband is a frequent luncher at Distrito; he finds the $15 lunch deal to be quite a bargain.  Maybe one of these days I'll get lucky and he'll take me back on a lunch date!   While Distrito may not be top of mind when it comes to choosing a restaurant in Old Town, I hope it does well.  But not well enough that I can't get a table when I choose to return!  (I kid, I kid... kind of!)
5	Wow...this food is really flavorful!  This is a really cool space inside the Saguaro Hotel.  Great kitschy, cool decor, friendly, hip service and delicious food.  The shrimp and chorizo tacos were fantastic and the pork carnitas tacos were very good too.  The creamy rice with corn and the corn side are both out of this world...yummy!
3	Let me start by saying that this is a preliminary review....I have a groupon for dinner here, so I will definitely be trying it again and will update then.Ok, so yesterday the BF and I went here for breakfast to celebrate my graduation and because I wanted to try it (what can I say, I buy into the Food Network hype). I made a reservation, which was completely unnecessary because the restaurant was empty (not to mention huuuge). I ordered the steak and eggs and the BF had the pancakes with the tequila raisins and whatnot. The portion sizes were small and the prices were high. My steak was alright, but had a burnt kind of flavor and not a lot of seasoning.... one of my eggs was overcooked (asked for over medium, one was over hard). I wish they put some kind of sauce or chimichurri or something on the steak to give it a little more flavor. The beans that came with it were alright, but had some bacon or something in it that was limp and chewy...not awesome. The BF's pancakes were really tasty....the problem was that they cost 12$ and were about the size of 1.5 small pancakes at most restaurants....not a lot of food. Their coffee was good, which it should be at 4$ a cup and we were able to have a few refills of it. I think the prices are inflated due to the Food Network connection and location. The service was alright, although a bit lacking considering the place was completely empty. I am still looking forward to using my groupon because it's hard to tell how the food will be based on breakfast, but I would not come here for breakfast again....For the same price go to Province or go to Morning Glory for breakfast....PS the decor of this restaurant is awesome and I want a sparkly pink table for my future house :-P
1	I have wanted to try this place.  We went at 11:00 on Mother's Day.  The place was at least 80% empty.... both inside and outside.  We went to the hostess stand.  The woman said there would be at least a 30 minute wait because they were waiting for the 11 and 11:15 reservations to arrive.  Really??   They didn't know how many seats those reservations would take?  We will never go back.
4	I've been here twice now. I came once for a team lunch for work - the lunch specials they have are amazing! $15 for an app and an entree and a beverage. The guac is delicious! I had the mahi tacos and they were pretty good too. The tacos are real small but pack tons of flavor. The second time I went, I bought a Livingsocial deal for two margs and two entrees. The margaritas were really good, they taste fresh. I didn't get a flavored one, but I'd be interested next time. I got the shrimp and chorizo tacos and the boyfriend got the duck fundido. I don't think it was what he expected, but it was good. There's a good amount of duck in the dish too, it's just really greasy. To be expected, duck and cheese? I mean come on. We got the plantains and corn rice as sides and they were pretty good too. We just were so full we couldn't finish everything. After dinner, we sat at the bar and talked to the manager and the bartender about all the different kinds of tequila they have. Super nice people. The best part about this place is the glittery tables! The decor is really fun. Personally, I like the food at the Mission better but this place has a really fun vibe. And I mean, come on the owner is Iron Chef Garces! That's pretty amazing.
4	Went here for dinner with the hubby on a Friday night - it was really empty which is a bummer because the hotel this is located in as well as this restaurant space have changed owners/names/styles/etc... like 4 times in the 5 years I have lived in AZ. Sadly, this may be the destiny of Saguaro and Distrito as well.  The hotel is weird . This isn't a review of the hotel, but since you walk through it to get to the restaurant I thought I would mention how it really distracts from the fun decor and vibe of Distrito. The color scheme is just cheap looking, like they are trying too hard to be funky.  There is no comparison to Valley Ho so why bother trying. Distrito - really what what a fun design. Very Nacho Libre without being to cheesy and/or featuring wrestling masks on the wall.  I liked the vibe it has the right noise level for a chill happy hour or dinner.I want to address a few things I read in somewhat negative reviews here on Yelp.  Most of the negative remarks seem to stem from a complete misunderstanding of what small plates means.  Tapas/small plates are just that. Small plates of food. Our server was very clear on this, so I'm not getting why someone would complain about the portion size.  Our server recommended 2-3 dishes per person.  We ordered 7 items and ended up taking at least 2 home, so he was pretty dead on.  I get that its a little pricey, but its a restaurant in a hotel in Scottsdale, so if you didn't expect that you probably shouldn't be eating here. The quality was A++ and worth the price. Also, lots of moaning about slow service.  Tapas/small plates meals are meant to be savored, and such a great chance to try a varierty of flavors. The dishes were nicely spaced out, and all in all I think we spent about 1 hr 45 minutes there.  My only feedback as far as service is that the drinks came out super slow, but other then that our server was very attentive.The drinks are bomb. I had a pineapple margarita that is probably top 3 margaritas I have ever had, and trust me this girl likes her tequila. $13 was a little steep, but again for a hotel restaurant not much of a surprise.  If they have a special on these for happy hour I could definitely toss more then a few back. The food was delicious and flavorful.  We started with guac and the Octopus ceviche. Both were fresh and tasy, and the guac had just the right amount of heat. The ceviche was the only dish that I felt was shockingly small. Maybe 6-7 pieces the size of a large paperclip. I wanted more!   I ordered the mahi mahi tacos, which we street taco sized ( again, server descibed the size well as we ordered). The mahi was lightly fried and the baja sauce was so yummy. Since America is totally disenchanted about the size of an adequate meal, I can see why people complain the size, but after the guac, ceviche, and marg I was stuffed but the time I put away the last taco. If you want a huge taco go to Filabertos. Tell them Hi for me and thanks for the raging case of food poisoning I got from my last visit there.  Hubs had carnitas tacos, duck queso fundido (yes - duck meat in queso - genius!looked so good) and a half roast chicken. They all looked amazing ( no meat for this girl so looky no touchy) and he ended up taking the chicken home.  We shared the ejotes (green beans) and they were flavorful and fresh.We ended the night with the churros with crema and spicy choc sauce. I was stuffed but I have a minor obsession with cinnamon/sugar desserts so had to try them. I brought a few home and they were tasty reheated in the oven. I wanted to pour the vanilla crema all over my husband (hey, we're newlyweds ok?) and do very bad things with it but I resigned myself to dipping the churros in it. I am a chocolate lover so for me to ignore the mexican choc sauce in favor of vanilla, trust me its good.Can't wait to go back here - granted at $130 for a Friday night dinner it was pricey, but we totally overordered and indulged. Will be back for happy hour and special occaisions as long as this gem is able to stick around.
4	Nestled into the heart of Old Town, at the former Mondrian location....I just had to come here knowing that Chef Jose Garces YES... celebrity Iron Chef was the genius behind the menu.....drool!All menu selections were served in sharing portions which makes this perfect for small groups or out on a date. Choose from a selection of ceviche or Barbacoa plate selections.....and tacos from A to Z. And can I tell you... a library of tequila to kill ya! Patio seating under the clear AZ skies....my fork was ready! And I was not dissapointed. ENJOY
2	I wanted to like this place. We ventured here for AZ Spring Restaurant Week... The menu sounded delicious, but it really wasn't- We ordered the tortilla soup, which was supposed to have chicken in it, it was so "fishy" tasting I'm really not convinced it was chicken, not to mention it was one big hunk of "chicken" which needed to be cut with a knife. Under no circumstance should soup require a knife. Once we mentioned this to our server he started avoiding us, our water glasses ran dry... food came out in a strange order... Things I did enjoy included the ambiance, its a really funky fun place with good music and colors :) Overall we just found this place laughable. Probably won't return- but it was interesting while it lasted.
5	Went here during restaurant week. We had a 3 course meal plus a side which was a lot of food. A great deal for $30. Tried the guacamole and a salad (the one with cranberries, pecans, cheese) for starters, both were excellent.I had mahi mahi tacos and wife had the carnitas tacos for the 2nd course. Both were amazing. We had carne adobo (brisket) and a king prawn for the 3rd course. The carne adobo was incredible as was the king prawn.The sides of sweet corn and charro beans  were just okay. Overall we left stuffed and very satisfied. Drinks were good, I had a blood orange margarita and wifey had the pomegranite mojito. Both good, but at $12 a little pricey for the volume. It was slow tonight. Situated in the Saguaro hotel, it's a little hidden so I hope they make it. We will definitely return.
4	Coming from Austin, TX where modern mexican food is the best, I was highly impressed. The vibe might be the coolest in Old Town. The decor is right up my alley, young/hip/sexy. The guac is unbelievable, the beef brisket is so tendor and juicy. The beef tacos are the bomb. Nothing bad to say about this place. I hope it makes it. The only negative was the staff, took awhile to come greet us when we sat down. The place was pretty empty on a Thursday night at 8pm. Ohh, I forgot that they had live music and the guy playing sounded like the frontman from Fleet Foxes. Hopefully people will hear about this place and make it more popular.
5	Yumilicious.  What a fun night.  Went with my dinner club friends to Distrito tonight and had a bite from just about everything on their restaurant week $30 per person menu. Wow.  Great food.  My favorites were the grilled squid salad (warm and so tasty), the mahi mahi tacos, and the plantain with black bean side dish.  Everything was superb.  We had a party of 11 sharing food, and no one disliked a thing.  The bartender and drinks were amazing too.  The margaritas - delish.  The design scheme  has clean lines, fun & beautiful colors, and a quirky vibe.  The staff was so friendly too...so helpful and provided excellent service.  I.love their "Hencho en Mexico" t-shirt with jeans uniform.  Highly recommended from our group of 11!
4	Distrito has a super sassy modernized Mexican interior and a delectable menu to go with it. I loved all the bright colors in the dining room and I was especially a fan of the glittery pink table tops, so FUN! The food was just as sassy and flavorful. Plus, any place that can make a simple yet delicious guacamole is an automatic favorite of mine.  Distrito is one of those places! The guac was perfection; it had the perfect balance of lime, serrano peppers, cilantro and cotija. The portion was super generous and great for sharing. I joined a small group of friends to check out their Restaurant week menu. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so making a decision was a little challenging. I'm pretty sure we ordered every option on the menu, since there were several people in our group. Course 1: I had the Chilango Chop salad. The combo of of the apples, cranberries, spiced pecans and queso fresco was outstanding and creative.  Course 2 : I had the Nachos, which is something I would never order and I am so glad I did! I've been on the search for a review worthy nacho dish, and lucky me! I finally found it! Traditional ingredients like beans, cheese, and jalapenos were used, but this nacho dish is gourmet perfection.Course 3: Seared Tuna. Unfortunately I don't remember this one as much. I know it was tasty, but I was so full by this point in the meal!I plan on coming back for my own order of the ribs, which I had a little taste of. They were succulent and fell right off the bone.I also enjoyed several refills of the Margarita throughout the course of the evening and left Distrito very very satisfied.Just thinking about the food puts a smile on my face.
4	Gourmet tapas style Central Mexican cuisine that should be keeping Silvana Salcido Esparza up at nights with nightmares of losing her long held throne atop the Phoenix Mexican experience.  While the restaurant was mostly empty and the execution mildly confusing the menu has all of the right ingredients to make it a Valley standard.  The location and decor aren't too bad either.
2	Distrito all I am really gonna say is that as good as the food was there is no way that it could ever make up for how terrible the service was. We went for brunch on Sunday and after we were seated I checked in on Yelp and was given a free guacamole appetizer for checking in. I was happy about that and unfortunately that would be the last good thing that happened at this place. Let me say that while we were there it was not busy at all. First we ordered our drinks I had a coke and she had the bottomless bloody mary. Then I ordered the free guacamole thanks to Yelp. For our plates I ordered the skillet and she ordered the pazole verde. The waiter brought back our drinks and that was the last time we seen him until he brought our bill. Someone else brought out our plates about a half hour after we ordered  but we hadn't received our guacamole yet. We asked him if he could get us another bloody mary and he left never to be seen again. We had to actually go inside and find someone to get a refill for my coke and the bloody mary. Then we asked about the guacamole again and they finally brought it out when we were done eating. Overall I enjoyed the food but the service was so terrible I would never go back.
4	I decided to give this place a try for Restaurant Week and I am so happy that I did.  The food was fantastic!  Their RW deal included an appetizer, two dishes as well as a side.  I don't know how anyone can complain on here that their portions are too small since that was a huge amount of food and we ended up taking a bunch home.  The website indicated that it was tapas style but really I would call it family style because each dish is large enough to share with one or two other people.  I love eating that way since then I get to try more things without the risk of getting my hand slapped.I started off with the strawberry salad (Angelica's Fresa) which had a ton of flavor and a really tasty sweet/spicy dressing. For our entrees, we shared and so I got to sample the chicken tacos, cochinita pibil, huarache de hongos, shrimp ceviche, seared tuna and carne in adobo.  Everything was so flavorful and well prepared!  I would highly recommend the carne in adobo... this was a thick slow roasted beef brisket that had been rubbed with a Spanish sauce.  The only time I have had adobo sauce is when they marinate chipotle chiles in it so I was expecting this to be spicy but it was not.  Just the adobo, no chipotle flavor.... but it was still incredible. The meat was very tender and the sauce was delicious but not overpowering.  My other favorite was the tuna, which was an excellent piece of fish, very lightly seared and served with chunks of creamy cheese.  So melt-in-your-mouth good! For our sides we got the esquites (corn) and the beans.  Those were good as well but not overly impressive.The sangria was also quite delicious and I love the fact that they have both red and white available.  But the best part of the night was getting to meet Chef Jose Garces.  I watch the Food Network a lot and I have been a fan of his since he beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef. I am told that he spends most of his time at his other restaurants on the East Coast so I guess it was a rare treat to see him here in Scottsdale.  I am so glad he took a chance on the Saguaro (since we all know that hotel has had a rocky history lately) and opened a place here. The food was so good I am sure we will return since I have looked at their full menu online and I can't wait to try some of their other dishes.
4	We have had 3 meals here- twice for brunch and finally, last Sat. for dinner. The atmosphere is fun and funky as other reviewers have noted. It was a great place to bring a couple with us who generally won't venture out of their neighborhood. The brunch menu is good and I had the Pozole both times. DIVINE, and with a nice added twist with the littleneck clams. Nice spice with the serranos and overall a great dish. I almost forgot, we started with the shrimp and avocado creme ceviche. Everyone at the table loved it . Hubby ordered Barbacoa and loved it. My friend had the fish tacos. I had the carne asada tacos. Succulent and just the right size.
2	I bought a living social deal so my bf and I decided to come for dinner...what we didn't realize was that it was restaurant week. The deal included 2 margaritas so we started with those. They were good, but nothing special. The waiter said they were made with a standard mix, not a freshly made mix. We also asked for chips and salsa. Well that's not on the restaurant week menu so we were told we couldn't order it. Our living social deal was for 2 Margs and 2 entrees. We decided to order chips and guacamole since THAT was on the menu. I asked for a side of salsa...no salsa bc it's not on the menu. WHAT?? Seriously! We are at a Mexican food restaurant. No salsa??! Even the table next to us was annoyed at that. Ok. Moving on, our food came and it was pretty good. We ordered the chicken enchilada and a pork adobo. We were happy with the flavor, but it was super small. The enchilada came by itself on a plate - just one. It was in a typical taco size tortilla, like the size you'd buy at store (but fresh and the tortillas there are definitely delicious). The pork was good. I didn't care much for the sauce, but my bf enjoyed it. The decor was also kinda weird. Mexican food restaurant and the chandeliers were made of wooden clothes pins and painter red, white and blue...that's odd to me. Honestly though, the food lost its glory bc of the absolutely HORRIBLE service. The manager came by and he was really friendly, but our regular server really stunk. Service is almost as important as the food - and they can both, just as easily as the other, leave a bad taste in your mouth. I'm going back to Cien Agaves. Better food, fantastic service, awesome margaritas, and more reasonable prices.
4	I have been to Distrito 3 times now. And every time their food is some of the tastiest I've had. Their service however, leaves the customer often a little puzzled. The servers seem disenchanted and as if you're putting them out by dining there.  It's odd because they have a good knowledge of the menu, and will advise you on your order if asked, but with zero enthusiasm. It's just strange. I've had the pleasure of being greeted by a manager once and the head chef came to our table one evening, both were incredibly pleasant and appreciative of the business. Why don't they hire happier servers?? Anywhoo... Drink-wise, I'd recommend their house margarita and red sangria, but skip the specialty cocktails as they are pricey and did not impress.  Their guac is really good, but be prepared to spend $10 and share; it's a lot of guac! Food-wise, I recommend their mahi tacos and the queso fundido... Fan-freakin-tastic!  For the mahi tacos, house made tortillas are topped with a lovely piece of fried mahi mahi, slice of avocado, pickled cabbage and a dollop of spicy aioli. It is an explosion of flavor. The queso fundido is truly one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Their ribs are also fall-off-the-bone amazing and the nachos are everything nachos were meant to be. On their sides menu, I'd have to push the corn as it was different from any I've ever had before. Update: They have a happy hour now!  House margs, guac and a couple other things marked down to around $5 every day from 3-6pm.  Definitely a steal deal!
1	Distrito reviewToday we tried Fathers day "brunch" at Jose Garses Distrito in the Saguaro hotel in Scottsdale. First of all, what you would consider brunch was non existent. It was simply ordering a regular meal and charged for every item. Portions were small and the quality of food was not what I would expect from an Iron chef. For example, the carne as ado was minuscule dry and unappetizing. The Benedict was made with brioche, which did not translate well. The mahi mahi tacos were smaller then I would expect from an appetizer but they were served as an entree and the list goes on. The drinks were tasty but served in tiny glasses and way over priced.  Worst of all the service throughout the entire experience at best, very poor. All in all we would not recommend or come back again to this restaurant.  It is  a disgrace to the Iron chef.
4	Great restaurant with a lot of delicious dishes. It is a more upscale mexican restaurant with small portions good for sharing with a group. We tried a ton of them when we went and I would say the following:Tamales: absolutely incredible. Would get multiple orders next timeTacos: mahi mahi and steak are very tasty. Chicken did not do too much for meCarne en adobo: fantastic. Great flavor and the meat melts in your mouthHuarache de hongos: great for vegetarians. Strong mushroom flavorPezole: not something I would get again but tasty pork bellyGuacamole: good if you use your check in but would get something else for $10 if not
4	I have to say, I've never been served food by an Iron Chef before, so my dinner at Scottsdale's Distrito was an absolute treat considering Iron Chef America talent Jose Garces prepared my delicious Mexican meal. I even got to meet Jose at the restaurant, which was super-special, especially because he's such a nice guy. The charming spot just opened this past December and is located in also-new The Saguaro hotel.Garces told me he was drawn to Scottsdale to open his newest restaurant (he owns seven in Philadelphia and one in Chicago) because it was a chance for him to partner with a hotel and take control of all their dining operations-The Saguaro also features Garces' Old Town Whiskey, a gorgeous bar with a relaxing vibe and more than 100 types of whiskey, as well as Garces Trading Company Coffee To-Go. Garces splits his time among all his locations, coming to Scottsdale every couple months.The mouthwatering menu aside, looking at the restaurant itself will put a smile on your face. The decor is sort of shabby chic, with hanging lights made of clothespins, colored trellises on the walls, brightly colored sparkly tables and a wall completely covered in tiny little pom-pom balls. It's a very fun and festive atmosphere juxtaposed with romantic candlelight-the best of both worlds. At the bar, there is a huge food truck stand-like marquee, listing tasty drinks off the menu. The restaurant is bright and fun and has a unique style, which I love.Like Garces' Old Town Whiskey, Distrito has its share of impressive libations, including more than 100 types of tequila on the menu. My pal and  I shared an 1800 tequila flight ($14), which came with Blanco, Reposado and Anejo shots. Take the Blanco is you're a wimp like me-it's the smoothest. Our flight came with a spicy aperitif of peanuts, and it was a great kick-off to the meal.We also sampled two of the restaurant's signature margaritas, the Distrito house margarita, which I added fresh pineapple to, ($12), and the Jefe margarita ($15), made with Don Julio Reposado. We both agreed getting a fresh fruit-infused margarita was the way to go, and we both also agreed my pineapple margarita was the best margarita we've ever had. Yum!I also tried a Spanish Fly ($10), with fruit-infused tequila, lime and simple syrup. This was also one of the best-tasting cocktails I've had, since it was strong but so sweet, you couldn't taste the alcohol.Our meal was an absolute feast, since we sampled many of the menu items. The menu is modeled after Mexican street food, with small plate specialties in addition to a variety of barbacoa dishes.To start, we had the Ejotes ($6), consisting of fresh green beans, confit cherry tomatoes and white cheese in a roasted garlic lemon vinaigrette. Depending on what else you're getting, this filling salad is big enough to share and tasted so fresh and healthy. The flavors and colors were wonderful, and I loved every bite of it.We also split the Ignacio nachos ($10), a massive serving of chips, black beans, tomatos, cheese, jalapenos and radishes, topped with a chile de arbol sauce my companion insisted made them the best nachos he's ever had. The dish was huge-the appetizer could fill four people-and the mixture of toppings was great. I loved the thin lightness of the chips, and my only complaint would be that eating it gets messy quickly because of how high the skillet is stacked. Use a fork and knife with these nachosFor my entree, I had the Mexican City Style Quesadilla ($9), with calabaza (squash), squash blossom, goat cheese and poblano espuma. Definitely pair this with an "acompanamiento," one of the sides, since it's a smaller portion. The quesadilla was not a traditional flat quesadilla-it was puffed up and probably the fanciest quesadilla I've had. I liked it as a fresh twist on what we're used to.My companion got the Queso Fundido ($12), with duck barbacoa, poblano chile rajas and mixed cheese. It came with homemade tortillas you can see being made in a tortilla station in the restaurant, which is a really cool and personalized touch to your meal. He said it was wonderful, and his leftovers were just as good as his original meal.We paired our entrees with sides of refried beans ($3) and creamy poblano corn rice ($5). The beans were very creamy and tasted cheesy, and the corn rice was like a delightful version of Mexican mac n' cheese. Both of these sides are a must-try.We had to try a dessert, so we opted for the big-enough-for-two El Fuerte ($12), a flourless chocolate cake with spicy peanuts, espresso ice cream and doused in hot caramel by your server. The sweet and salty combination was amazing, and we gobbled up every bite despite being stuffed from the rest of our meal.Eating at Distrito was such a fun experience, both because of the engaging ambiance and the tasty food. For being such high-quality offerings, I thought the prices were extremely reasonable.
5	Excellent! Love the nachos, the mahi mahi tacos, and the queso fundito! We will definitely be back!!
3	Food was decent.  Overpriced for what you get.  Had 2 Distrito margaritas, $10 each.  You'd think for $20 you'd catch a little buzz.  Not sure any alcohol was in them.  I may go back if someone else offers and pays.  Otherwise, no desire.
4	We stayed at The Saguaro on Saturday for TJ's birthday and came here for dinner and wound up coming back again the following afternoon after a fun day of boozing it up at the pool. They have a simple menu and the food is meant to be served tapas style. The food also comes out as it's ready so the service may seem disorganized and uncoordinated, but that's just how meals are served. Their homemade guacamole is to die for and also comes with chipotle salsa. Tip for Yelpers: Check-in here on your phone and you get free chips and guac!I had the the JG Steak Supremo tacos which were three small tacos served up with avocado, refried beans the the most tender, melt in your mouth cuts of skirt steak I've ever had. Accompanied with charro beans, this really was a top notch meal, washed down with Dos Equis. I also got to try a Mahi Mahi taco which was delicious. And the girls raved on about the Queso Fundido with duck barbacoa.The portions on the tacos are very small, but if you have the chips and guac and a side, you will leave feeling satisfied to full. The atmosphere is trendy casual, while the prices are upscale casual. A great place to grab a bite. I can't wait to come back for brunch!
4	I ended up at Distrito thrice in the same weekend while I was celebrating my birthday at the Saguaro.  It was the perfect stumbling ground for some much needed (and delicious) sustenance between drinking!The guacamole was a definite fave amongst the entire group.  I ended up ordering the Queso Fundido with duck barbacoa twice - YES, it was THAT good!The breakfast the was included as part of the resort fee had everything I could have asked for - juices, bagels/toasts with an array of spreads, perfectly cooked bacon, delicious scrambled eggs, potatoes, house-made sausage patties, fresh croissants & pain au chocolats, yogurt & granola... all awesome!The decor is simple and funky, with the exception of the super-bright marquee menu board, which can be an assault on the senses - especially if you are there for some late night grub! I will be back - hopefully for the bloody mary brunch!
4	I could love Distrito.  But I have to be able to actually order food in order to get to that point.My husband and I stopped in for an early brunch, around 11.  The restaurant was nearly empty, yet service was mysteriously slow.  It took forever to get drinks, but in the bartender's defense, she looked engaged in important conversation with another employee.  But I was a big fan of the Paloma margarita made with grapefruit soda.  I tried to order the chicken enchilada.  They were "out".  I then ordered the chilaquiles, but the server came back because they were "out."  How?  They hadn't even been open 30 minutes and no one was there.  Made me think there was a problem with the chicken.  Scary.  So I went with the breakfast burrito because they apparently had eggs and chorizo.  It was good, but not what I wanted.Now I'm at 3 stars, but I have to bump to four because they have excellent guacamole and The Best shrimp ceviche.  It's so good they should rename it that.  The Best Ceviche.  I look forward to another visit, but will ask for the list of what they do have first.
5	You're not going to be disappointed at Distrito that's for sure. From the margaritas made with premium tequilas and fresh squeezed juices to the flavorful meats, tacos, and ceviches, this place is a must go to for Mexican Food. Being a native to AZ, I'm super picky about where I'll good Mexican food, and Distrito hits a home run in my opinion. I also love the decor. It's kitschy and classy. It's such a fun restaurant. I'm getting hungry writing this review.
5	My husband and I went here for dinner not too long ago, and the most impressive part of this place was the customer service.  Everything - from the valet guy to our server - was focused on us and our experience.  We asked where to find an ATM machine and the hotel staff member walked us over herself and struck up a conversation with us in the process.  Our server - I think his name was Keith - really took the time to talk to us and answer any questions we had.  I was particularly inspired by the decor, and he was very knowledgable about the designer and who made the lamps, etc.  It was a very pleasant surprise to see employees that were knowledgable - even passionate - about where they worked.  He told us that the chef was one of the "Iron Chefs".  And the food was very good too - we ordered the Queso Fundito with Duck (awesome), and the crispy fish tacos (coulda used a little heat/acid, but still very good), the corn something-or-other, chips and guar (very good and fresh) and the house margaritas.  Next time I think we'll try one of the margarita specials.  Bottom line - this place is totally worth trying, we'll be going back.
3	Update: The Bf and I went here for dinner tonight to use our Living Social deal. Yet again, I felt that the prices were inflated and the flavor was nothing special. We got the steak tacos, the queso fundido, arroz con crema, and platanos. They serve the food 'tapas' style (so small portions). Our deal also came with 2 margaritas. The margaritas were very good. I liked how fresh it tasted. The steak taco had decent flavor, but the steak was very chewy (like you bite into the taco and couldn't cut the steak with your teeth)....that was not pleasant. The queso fundido was mediocre. It did not have a ton of flavor and the duck was also kind of chewy. It does come with a bit more food though, so that's a plus I guess. The rice was probably the best part of the meal (which it should be because it is expensive for a small portion). It was creamy, yet fresh as it had corn in it and fresh herbs on top. The plantains were alright, although all of the cheese and whatnot on top was somewhat unnecessary in my opinion. I probably would not go back to this restaurant unless someone else was buying :-P
5	Delicious fish tacos and margaritas!
5	This is the first Yelp review I have ever written but I had such a great time here that I had to share! While staying at the Saguaro, my friend and I popped into Distrito twice. Both times we sat at the bar while Jay was bartending. This guy is incredible! The watermelon margarita he made was by far the best I have ever had! He was extremely knowledgeable about tequilas and also created several other concoctions that were amazing! We also had a few plates from here and the food was great, and I normally am not much of a Mexican fan but it was all delicious. I highly recommend this place and make sure to sit at the bar and watch Jay work his magic!
3	We went here on Friday for my birthday and thought the ordering process would be pretty simple, everyone in our group wanted to order an entree but then it got complicated.  We were told this was "tapas style" ordering and that instead of entrees they recommended 2-3 plates PER PERSON. What? We each ended up ordering one thing and sharing it and that was more than enough for the whole table.  I can't imagine if we each got 2-3 THINGS.  It took us probably 30-45 mins just to figure out how to order.  The food was pretty good, spicy but seemed to cool down quickly once left on the table.  They don't bring you many tortillas either for your items. My biggest gripe is that they were out of churros for dessert.  How can you be out of churros?  We settled for the El Fuerte which wasn't as satisfying as a crispy cinnamon sugar churro.
3	The food was GREAT.  Since we were there for restaurant week, we were able to enjoy a sampling of their items and loved everything (ceviche, nachos, mahi mahi tacos).  The service was okay.  The food was so good that I really want to give it more stars.  I never thought decor and energy of a place would be such a turn off but sadly, it was for me and Distrito.My main issue with Distrito is that the decor is too colorful and busy.  It also seemed too casual (i.e. outdoor seating of picnic tables) given the menu seemed a bit more upscale.  We were seated at a small table inside that had a bright pink glittery top. Alone it would have been super cool but it was too much to take in with the multi-colored and differently designed walls and tables around us.  We asked to move to a table with a normal top which was a table too large for just 2 people.  A couple of the walls and the bungee cord divider reminded us of Easter Basket designs which was strange.  Overall, the place is a bit of an eye sore.  The energy level in the place was very low but it was a Monday night and the bartender said it's much livelier Thursday-Saturday.
2	ribs lacked flavor, and bbq sauce was basically ketchup that scorched my mouth.
3	Oh, the problems of eating the hotel breakfast. Nice atmosphere on the back patio, the service was very good, and food was tasty (breakfast burritto, french toast) but the up-charges makes it hard swallow. Fair warning, the coffee was nar-nar and at $4 bucks a cup, it better be darned good (and have some booze in it, while they're at it).  Bummer to leave such a bad taste in your mouth.
4	Ohhhh, I like, I like!First of all, if you haven't seen Distrito, scope the photos on the website. High-five to the interior designer. From the gold glittery tables to the gumball wall, this place screams fun, energy, and overall a kick-ass atmosphere.I stayed at the Saguaro for five nights, so I had plenty of time to get my dinner (and breakfast!) on at Distrito. Actually, for dinner, I had room service but Distrito is where it came from. I was absolutely starving after a long plane ride, so I ordered the chicken tacos, guac, and a plantain appetizer, and it only took about 20 minutes to show up. Win.The chicken tacos were really, really good. Little corn tortillas, marinated chicken, slaw, radish, and a perfectly-sized slice of avocado. There were three of them and I could only eat two, but they were so well made. The plantain dish was also impressive, and had some black bean puree underneath that balanced out the sweetness of the plantains. The star of the show, however, was the guacamole. Tons of lime, zing, and flavor. I ate almost all of it and it was definitely worth it. Usually when I have guacamole it's just so-so and I have to add some spice, but this showed up completely perfect.When I had breakfast, things were also on point. They made me an egg white omelet with tons of vegetables inside, and my co-workers seemed to love other menu items like the pancakes and french toast, as well. If I lived in Scottsdale I'd definitely visit this place a time or two more. Consider me a fan!
4	Oooh, Shiny! Much like its hotel host, Distrito is bright, energetic and has a point of view and sense of humor. The entryway sets the tone with a massive wall installation of Dia De Los Muertos skulls (that also seem to have a definite luchador vibe) and as you walk down the steps you know you aren't in for a stuffy occasion. Nope, this place is fun fun fun. Thankfully, it's also quite tasty. Now, I can only speak for breakfast, but both times I ate here it was fantastic. On my first visit, I was alone and wanted to work through the meal. Once I saw the chorizo eggs Benedict, I knew my decision had been made for me. What came out wasn't what I had expected (probably because I stopped reading the menu after I saw the name of the item), but it was VERY tasty. It's served on brioche rather than the traditional English muffin, and the chorizo is crumbled on the side. The hollandaise sauce was just out of this world. I approve. Before I knew how large the portion would be, I ordered a side of fruit. When that came out I had to laugh, because it was the largest "side" I'd ever seen. Full of melon, grapes and other deliciousness, I had enough food for two people, and ate every bite. The servers kept my coffee full and tended to my needs, while still respecting that I was working and wanted to be left alone. On my second visit I was with a very large group. I wanted to try something different, so I opted for the french toast. Made with tres leches and served with berries and some sort of heavenly cream, It was AMAZING, however a small portion. I wish that I would have gotten the side of fruit this time, rather than the day before. The staff took great care of our huge group, however they were PRETTY cheesy. I don't need your cornball jokes before I've had my coffee, thankyouverymuch. I am bummed I never made it here for dinner, but assuming I am back in Scottsdale for work someday, I will lobby hard to stay in the Saguaro once again, so that I can make sure and have some more meals as Distrito. Good stuff. Good stuff, indeed.
3	Totally yummy spot to grab food if you're staying at the Saguaro. The decor was absolutely adorable! I found myself looking all around admiring the light fixtures, various art pieces on the wall, the colors, etc. And while the food was tasty, I wasn't totally blown away. There's typical breakfast fare here with some dishes that have a Tex Mex/Mexican influence and there are also dishes like waffles and bagels. Nothing looked like it took a tremendous amount of effort to make and while I waited about 15 mins for a bagel and lox, I somehow managed to think that it took a while to prep the order because the bagel was locally made or made in house. But everything on the plate was something bought at a local grocery store. So I was a little disappointed because for the price I paid, I could have had 3 bagels and lox at home. It was good though and consider that most people eating here are passing through, it's a totally reasonable and yummy place to have breakfast. The juices served are good and the bacon is definitely worth ordering.
4	Chorizo!It's one of my favorite words to say in Spanish. I dig the South American version, but have been pretty excited to see it popularized in the States and served in Mexican restaurants. Say it with me now..."Chooooor-eeeeee-sooooo!"Naturally, when I saw it on the breakfast menu I had to have it. Add that it was on an Eggs Benedict (or eggs benny as the kids are calling it) and that was my order. Try to fight it. You cannot.I definitely made the right call (although the burrito was a close second) because I enjoyed every last bit of it. Now, when I do eat breakfast, I'm a big breakfast kind of guy. So even the big burrito wouldn't be enough to fill me up. But this is probably more like "appropriate" sized breakfast. It's a not a race to see how much you can eat in one day, right? That question was directed to me, BTW.If you take into context that Distrito is attached to The Saguaro hotel, I think the pricing is right on the mark. It's a gorgeous setting (love the skulls and wall o' splendor and shine) so it would be a great choice if you're staying there. (You can also order the food to your room.)Dunno how it compares to other b-fast options in the area, but I guess I don't need to. If it ain't broke, right?
4	Distrito handled our group of 12 with aplomb, which was no easy feat considering the amount of coffee, water, and juice we were putting away. Yet, there was nary a glass half full for the entire time we were here for breakfast.I ordered an omelet and it comes with your choice of three ingredients. I went with pretty simple stuff, but it was well cooked and came with a side of toast (they let me sub a bagel) and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast fare is pretty typical stuff with a Mexican influence. The restaurant itself is bright and airy. And the coffee is served from a French Press. Love that!
4	After going to Old Town Whiskey for my Birthday this year, my Husband and I set out to try Distrito, which is also at the Saguaro.  On a recent date night, we set out to Old Town to do just that.  With a localdines.com coupon in hand we arrived around 7pm and were sat outside.  There weren't very many people inside or outside, but the atmosphere of the restaurant was fun and inviting.  We were greeted promptly by our waitress who was very friendly and helpful.We ended up ordering a variety of things so we could give the menu a good try.  We started with drinks... I had the red sangria, which was refreshing and very good.  The Hubs ordered some spicy beer thing, which he did not like (but I'm pretty sure it's just because he ordered something he shouldn't have).  Anyway, for food we started with the guacamole.  It was fabulous, as were the fresh made chips it was served with.  We also shared the QUESO FUNDIDO - it was phenomenal.  Very cheesy and an excellent duck flavor!  For our entree we had the CARNE EN ADOBO.  The meat was so tender and flavorful, we really enjoyed it.  For dessert (boy it sounds like we ate so much) we shared the sundae.  It really didn't do it for us... something about it just didn't click.Overall, I'd say we had a fantastic meal.  With our coupon it was very affordable and definitely worth the month.  We're loving everything at the Saguaro and recommend locals hit up this place so it can stay in business!
3	We came here a month ago.  We came right before lunch started.  There was a breakfast buffet going on with only 2 guests inside the restaurant.  Hostess wouldn't sit us until buffet was cleared.  Kind of annoying, but fine, whatever.As for food, we got the free guacamole by checking in and it was really delicious.  Husband raved about his Pozole soup.  He still raves about it today!  So must be good :)  I THINK i got the carne asado tacos.  It was not memorable at all.  I just remember it drenched in oil and cheese.  I would go back and try other things on the menu though!
3	Went to lunch here today at noon.  Entered from Scottsdale Mall (Park) side and it was very confusing.    On a perfect day all of the sliding glass doors were closed and for a moment we thought it, Distrito was closed.  After prying one of the doors open we were greeting to an empty restaurant with exception of one staff member who greeted us but asked if we were "just passing through"???  (To be fair, the doors were all opened by the time we left and WHAT a difference this makes)After bellying up to bar, our drinks were taken and we were off to a good start.  Questions were answered on menu, drinks taken etc...  Strangely enough they had an ANT problem where we were sitting and had to kill off several.  The friendly enough waiter helped.  (Strange for a luxurious restaurant/hotel should have this problem).  Chips were delivered right away and several minutes later, the salsa and guacamole we ordered.  We had to ask to silverware and napkin set up.  Again, strange that such a perceived top notch hotel/restaurant would not be up on this standard, given the place was empty, thought they could/would focus soley on us.  FOOD however was TOP NOTCH.  Had Pork & Shrimp/chorizo tacos.....  Very good quality ingredients and very flavorful.  You could tell they hand crafted each one, right down to the tortilla.   Would go back for sure but maybe at night.  Felt odd being only two in restaurant.  Attention to some very basic details could put this in the 5 star category.
1	Recently listed as one of the Top 10 new restaurants in the Valley.  Well, I made this Yelp account just to warn people from eating at this place.  Went on a Wednesday night.  Thirty tables in the place and 4 were filled.  Took 20 minutes until we even saw water; another 10 for the first sighting of our waiter.   Ordered drinks and our food.  When I asked about the size of the dishes, I was explained it was a tapas-style place.  Thought that was funny when each tapas dish was between $9-15.  Does leave you wanting to order many different dishes at that price.  When my $11 taco plate arrived I bust out laughing.  There were 3 of them, none larger than the diameter of my hand, and I have small hands.  I asked if these were sample tacos or the actual place.  Then ordered a side of beans which, for $6 was smaller than your average side of ketchup.  It was almost funny.  I felt like I was in the Shire, eating with Bilbo and Frodo.  Asked the bus boy for our server several times.  Finally we had to order from the bus boy another round of drinks.  The table behind us got up and left, telling the bus boy (the only person actually working) that they weren't paying for their drinks because they were done waiting.  When we finally saw our waiter again, no drinks in hand, he apologized, saying they got busy.  I guess 4 our of 30 tables filled is busy.  Hey, if you're not really hungry and just want to say you went to a Top 10 restaurant in Scottsdale, by all means, go.  Or if you just want horrible service and are on a portion control diet, go, you'll love this place.I give them 6 more months before the doors close.  Someone time it.
2	A colleague recommended Distrito as a good spot for my husband and I to have dinner while in town for business. We were excited to try it as I love to eat, and it had a reputation as being a bit trendy.When we walked in I was super excited to see the decor, a gumball wall, glitter top tables and other fun touches. It's really a sight to behold. We chose to sit outside, since it was a beautiful night.Upon our servers recommendation we ordered a couple drinks, and some guacamole. Then we ordered the tuna ceviche, a few tacos, the corn crema and a few other things. The taste of the tuna ceviche was quite good, as was the corn. The rest of the food was frankly underwhelming. The worst part of the night was the service. Our server efficiently took our orders, however, a runner delivered our food. We never saw anyone again, not to check on our food, and we could never find anyone to ask for our check. Finally we asked another server for our check. Our server apologized profusely and admitted that he had forgotten about us. We accepted his apology, and it does happen, but they were not busy at all. We were very disappointed in our experience.
3	Cool decor & great mixologist who loved his job. Bottle beer was warm. That dropped 2 stars right there (Dear bar management, always get this one thing right...COLD beer). Mojito was excellent. Bartender created a watermelon drink for me that was really tasty. The place was empty so that detracted from the fun I was anticipating. Overall they could do a lot more with this place than they have as far as menu goes.
5	I have nothing bad to say about my lunch visit here. Service, food, and ambiance were amaze! I loved it!Let's start with the menu: At lunch time they have this express deal where you get to pick one primero (1st course) and one secundo (2nd course) and a beverage ALL for only $15 ! My sister did this special and went for the nachos libre which were HUGE and delicious! The best nachos I have ever had, soaked in cheese and black beans topped with tomatoes, radishes, and micro greens. Super gourmet and tasty and HUGE! for her secundo she ordered the carne asada which came with mole and plantains. This dish may be too small if it's all you were gonna order. But it was excellent.I didn't go for the lunch special. I just ordered from the "secundo" menu. The pollo sandwhich was GIGANTIC I kid you not. It was about 6 inches tall. Avocado, fried chicken, cheese, tomato, refried beans. It was tasty but not the most delicious thing I had that day. Will probably go for something different next time I go. But if you are hungry, go for this sandwich..it's big!My mom went for the carnitas tacos. It came with three small tacos that you could finish off in 9 bites total. But they were delicious! Not enough for lunch, but perfect to order if you are doing their lunch express deal. THE CHIPS AND GUACAMOLE ARE A MUST! SUPER TASTY! a must order!service: was excellent. Pete was our server and he was very friendlyA MUST GO FOR LUNCH! dish prices range from $9-$16 (the lunch express deal is perfect cuz you get two dishes and a drink for $15)
4	I love the decor of this place. It has a contemporary Mexican feel.  The food was delicious.  We ordered the corn, queso, and tacos.  Everything was delicious and very unique...not the usual traditional Mexican food.  I recommend it!
5	The duck brisket is phenomenal and one of the best dishes I've had.  Husband and I loved the ceviche and corn dish as well.  We also did get good service but went for the start of the dinner service so not sure if that's what made a difference.  Hope this restaurant does well because as someone who grew up in Phoenix but now lives elsewhere and visits often, I think Phoenix needs a lot of help with the number of innovative restaurants.   This does that.
5	Has there ever been a time where you were craving great street tacos, yet you wanted to experience it in a whimsical mixed with mod and a touch of hipster setting? Well, honey, you just struck gold with Distrito!There are booths adorned with chairs from the 60s that are updated with checkered vinyl print. Every other table is covered in glitter straight from the kind you'd find in Candyland (yes, the board game) when you envisioned living there as a small kid. An old school theater backlit theater sign proudly displays their drink and food specials. The waiters sport jackets and shirts that say, "Hecho in Mexico" which is the only hint that Mexican food is served here outside of the decor. No, it's not traditional Mexican food. It's with a twist. Atun Ceviche (tuna ceviche) presented as thin slices of fresh tuna tartare bathed in coconut cream with cilantro and a tiny scoop of lime sorbet. This little miracle lasted about 3 seconds before being devoured.Pork Posole - one of my tests for Mexican/South American restaurants. It came to us in green attire. Yes, green. I've never seen my posole green. The next surprise... Clams. There were clams in my posole. Something this colorful and exciting had to be good, right? It was fan-tabulous!!!Carnitas tacos - I ordered them for lunch another time here, so I wasn't surprised to see these little tacos of flavor happiness fulfill my every want in tacos. The pork was tender, sweet, yet still a bit of spice. The texture blended perfectly with the freshly shredded, well I think it appeared to be, radish. Definitely tapas style since they were mini-street style tacos.Barbacoa meat - The last and still just as climatic as everything else with flavor. Tender, sweet, juicy. You need to order this with the rice. This rice is almost like a risotto since it is mixed with a cilantro cream and rich as can be. It seems like it was made to go with this robust, flavorful meat. Oh my gosh! The guac! I almost forgot. The guacamole and chips are a duo that remains unrivaled. It's here at Distrito and at Barrio Cafe that the accent on Cotija cheese really stands out, and it makes both guacamoles my favorite and the standard I compare all other guacamoles to. The El Jefe Margarita. This is a boss you will always adore and never loathe. You can drink these to your heart's delight, which makes it dangerous because they go down so smoothly you keep ordering more. My only complaint lies in the parking. To get to Distrito, you find that it's part of the Saguaro Hotel. The entire parking is valet! Whenever I come here, I look longingly at all the "open" yet coned off spaces that could go to hotel visitors (yet hotel visitors actually have their own parking gated off), but for those who want to go to Distrito, I found a solution. Drive past the valet and there is parking beyond the circular drive on 5th Avenue and I think there's another parking lot on the left that you have to drive around a wall to get to. I was so relieved because sometimes I like to park my car myself and not valet it. It's funny because as you walk down the steps to Distrito, you see an award that says, "Best Place to Take a Foodie." Distrito definitely knows how to run a foodie sanctuary! It's almost like a secret I don't want to tell anyone, because I want it all for myself!
5	I wondered downstairs from the Saguaro hotel early on a chilly January morning (2013) hungry for breakfast.  My absolute favorite thing for breakfast is Huevos Rancheros.  For the first time since college (my age is not relevant), I found an acceptable serving of this dish done perfectly (or as close as it comes).  The eggs were served medium with cheese, black beans, jalapenos, salsa and flour tortillas.  The combination was done perfectly.  The serving size was filling, but not over the top.My son had ordered French fries and French toast.  I guess these selections really do not fit in a Southwestern themed restaurant with 60's retro pastel decor, but I must say both were done to perfection.  The fries went quickly and were in a cup; a great twist.  The French toast was airy and cooked just right.The server was excellent! and attentive.What more can I say!
4	Was able to visit twice in the last couple of days, once for lunce and once for dinner.  The dinner menu is interesting and with very interesting choices for Mexico City style food.  Not your typical mexican fare at all.  The carnitas street tacos are very good and the corn on the sides menu was fantastic.  We also ordered the ribs which were also very good.  The portions are small, but tasty and personally I like being able to sample several dishes instead of simply feasting on one.  Finished with the churros and with the dulce de leche dipping sauce, they were very good.The lunch menu was a trimmed down version of the dinner menu but with enough choices to satisfy most.  They do offer a special for $15 that gets you a starter, main dish and side.  Thought that was a very good deal.Both visits were enjoyable and both times had a great waiter to take care of us. Very nice experience.  Can easily recommend for anyone looking for authentic mexican fare.
5	Wow the brunch was amazing. I had the Huevos Rancheros and my girlfriend had the beef brisket skillet. Both were phenomenal. Every part of the Huevos tasted very fresh, from the eggs to the homemade-looking tortillas to the sliced jalepenos and shredded radish on top. The flavors of the brisket skillet were amazing! Smokey and delicious - would definitely recommend.  The patio is great as well, overlooking the park. We were treated to live music as part of Scottsdale A'fair to boot. Great brunch - I'm surprised this place isn't more popular.
3	Distrito is pretty good, but not memorable.   It  lacks the energy you would expect given all the hype.   Plus the decor was underwhelming.   Too dark and lounge-like.  Boring really.We started with guac and chips and salsa.   Chips were way over salted, almost inedible.  But I did eat them, found myself brushing off the loads of salt with my fingers.  Guac and salsa were good.  Then we moved on to veggie tacos which were nice and a kind of mexican flatbread with mushrooms and a huitlacoche sauce.   Also good.  The rice with corn, cream and habeneros, a kind of Mexican risotto could have been good if it weren't so over salted.  Distrito offers a nice variety of margaritas.  We tried the watermelon- cucumber and the cilanto and both were good.We had heard that the service can be a nightmare, but we received good, if bland, service.  So Distrito was an OK choice for us, but we are not pining to return.
3	I went with multiple people one afternoon while we were staying at the Saguaro hotel. Everyone had different feelings about the lunch. I thought the carnitas were a bit meh and the guac was surprisingly salty. The feelings at the table ranged greatly. I was the middle ground. Roll the dice at Distrito if you dare!I think the design of the room is kind of fascinating. Fun to stare at. The service was good, always had a full beverage. And the sun was shining.
3	I think we may have gone on an off day or something.  It was a  Saturday night.  Wasn't very happening.  Not a lot of people and the restaurant was very cold for some reason. It was one of those nights where it was too cold to sit outside, but the restaurant was freezing inside as well. On the upside, we had a group of 8 people and they were easily able to accommodate us.  The food was fantastic and the drinks were great.  They were very nice to make special vegetarian dishes for a couple of the veggies in the group.  Another plus is that its next door to the whiskey bar (which is awesome) and so they actually brought us drinks from there since that where we had started out.
1	Had been a Distrito regular and loved the fun, kitschy, and vibrant Mexican theme. Just came in today and found out they were having a soft opening to reveal their new remodel.  The whole place has been muted down with brown paint and heavy furniture. Gone are the wall of calaveras, day of the dead figurines, and Hecho en Mexico server uniforms. The theme has totally been erased. No longer fits with the brightness of the Saguaro. :(All of the servers are new, wearing all black, and need help with pronouncing the double L sound! The menu has some remnants of its former self, but much has changed. The food is still good, but the ambiance leaves much to be desired. We won't be back. Sticking to the Clarendon Hotel and El Gallo Blanco for festive fun and amazing tacos.
3	Very good but a tad over priced.  I whole-heartedly recommend the bbq duck fondue and ceviche.  Both were superbly flavored and unlike any I've ever had.
4	Distrito has great food! The fish tacos are to die for, I can't order anything else when I go. They also have great drinks, and a really cool atmosphere! However, I do think this place is a little pricey for what it is, and we've had bad experiences with the service. Yet, I still continue to come back because those fish tacos are so good. Tip: they are on Local Dines so you can get 50% off, also check in to yelp for free guacamole!
2	High hopes for this place but left disappointed.   Decor is hip and classy.  Drinks were good.  Liked the music but was way too loud- huge pet peeve of mine at restaurants.   It was freezing inside the restaurant even though we weren't seated next to the window.   Servers were nice though flustered seeming.   Menu sounded exciting but everything that I tasted was kind of blah.  Crab/ salsa-  too salty and tomatoes tasted either old or canned.  Lobster flauta was underwhelming.  Spicy seafood stew was way too salty and not that flavorful.  So much potential for the location of this place
3	The free guacamole worked! Yippie!!! Starting off w a Bloody Mary.
4	I was very impressed with Distrito. The overall ambiance caters to the younger crowd, which Old Town Scottsdale is known for, rather infamous for. With a live Dj, low lighting, and modern decor, this place is not for the older patrons wanting to have a quiet chat while dining. The street style Mexican cuisine is right on point. I tried all five of their tacos, my favorite being the mahi-mahi, the grilled octopus was unlike any flavor or texture I've had before. Very Impressive. The duck dishes were perfectly cooked which shows just what kind of talent is working in the kitchen. I highly recommend trying the cuisine here, but make sure you've brought some money. The prices can get very high for a small amount of food, the only thing holding Distrito from five stars.
3	My wife and I are new to the Phoenix area. We relocated from San Diego, California, now with that being said we know our Mexican food. Distrito's offers a different twist to Mexican food. They call it Modern Mexican and for me it's OK.The portions are small but the quality of the food is outstanding. I had the Carne Asada and my wife had the Birria and i have to say that while the menu says that the meal comes with rice and beans it came with very little beans re-fried beans and they tasted more like Rosarita's beans than home made. The rice came in a small little bowl and it was cooked Spanish style and it had a nice little kick to it. The Carne Asada (more like NY steak cut into pieces) was cooked to perfection. The steak melted in my mouth. I had asked for salsa with my meal and it was more like flavored tomato sauce. it had no kick to it at all. I also ordered a margarita with my dinner and while it came in a very small glass the margarita was good.My wife's dinner (Birria) was outstanding, now Birria is traditionally made with Chiva or Goat meat, this restaurant used beef. The meal it self rivals any Birria that i have ever had, but once again the portions are small and over priced. We had an appetizer of Guacamole and Ceviche and I must say that the Ceviche was outstanding and the Guacamole was Good. The Guacamole was made with just Avocado's and some seasoning. While it was good, i wouldn't call it Guacamole, it was just plan Avocado's with Seasoning in it.  The Chips that came with the Guacamole where over salted and i found my self brushing off a lot of the salt.As for the restaurant it self, the hostess was nice and polite and the waitress was very attentive and nice.  The noise level at this restaurant was very high and i had to shout to my wife in order to speak to her at dinner. The type of music they had playing definitely caters to a younger crowed. There was a lot of people of the older crowed that i saw that was turned off by the music. If they can fix the noise level and play music that will cater to both crowds it would make this restaurant much more enjoyable.Now for Dessert we ordered the Churro's and El Fuerte for two. Now dessert was some of the best that i have ever had. The El Fuerte came with a tequila sauce over a chocolate mousse and marshmallow. The sauce was not over powering and the dish was not too sweet or bitter. it seemed to have a nice median to it and this dessert only is the man reason that i will return to this restaurant. I do believe that the quality of the food was great but every thing was over priced. There is now way two people should spend over $100 for a meal with the portions that we had.
2	We've been regulars for a few months now. Have to say the new menu is disappointing. Many of our favorites have been removed. The large plates are overpriced for the amount and quality of food you get. Husband had the duck which he thought was extremely bland. The shrimp entree was ok but would not order again. Overall very disappointing.  In addition to lacklustre food, the service was poor, we waited over 20 mins for our drinks and over 30 mins for our entrees.  We will not be back which is sad because this used to be our go to place. Oh, but the house margarita was still fabulous so if anything this is the place to go for a drink or two.
5	I LOVE this place!! I always love tapas style restaurant, and no mater what you get here, it's going to be delicious.  I have been many times and will contuinue you go.  It's always a go to place I take out of town guests. YUM!
5	I enjoyed my first visit to Distrito for lunch with my team the other day. Their lunch menu was easy to order off of, and priced pretty well. Although the portions seemed a taaaad small, my nachos were very tasty (and unique) and my carnitas tacos were fresh and left me wanting another. They were up there with some of the best tacos I've had. The place has a pretty cool vibe and I wanted to check it out more but didn't have time. We sat in their pretty good size outdoor patio, and our server was constantly checking in on us. To sum it up, I want to go back.
2	Decor: Dark and depressing. The photos on their website are pre-remodel, so expect  none of the fun colors and atmosphere.Service: Really slow...I don't care if you spend an hour making my first appetizer, you have to get a drink in my hand right away, especially on a Friday night. It was only about 3/4 full in there so they have no excuse.Food: We ordered a bunch of small plates and they ranged from very tasty tuna ceviche to steak tacos that were so tough, you could barely bite through them. The pork belly "large plate" was dry and way overpriced at $20. The portions are outrageously tiny there; they make the Mission's portions seem like Claim Jumper.My overall impression of this place is that the "Iron Chef" made a really interesting menu, but then has not been back in the restaurant to ensure things are being executed properly by the staff.Take Distrito and strip away all the pretension, then add great service and amazing food, and you're left with the Mission...so just go there!
3	I went here for St. Paddy's Day brunch with some friends, and overall it was a good experience. The food was good, the atmosphere is great (live music on the lawn just outside their patio area!), service was friendly and helpful. However, a few things were wrong enough for me that in spite of the good food, I've had to knock a couple of stars off of this rating.For starters, we ordered their featured "green Bloody Mary", as we were feeling particularly festive. The result was a bunch of cilantro and tomatillo with undetectable alcohol content (maybe it was just really buried in the salad of a drink). I can't believe they were actually serving this to people. I appreciate the attempt, but when it comes to Bloody Marys, there's no shame in sticking with the classics. Next point of contention: the portions. The Dristrito Benedict was delicious, but it was seriously 6 bites worth of food for $14. This restaurant is not high-end enough to get away with puny portions. I was so hungry that I actually continued drinking the cilantro concoction. If I came back here (which I might; like I said, the food was good and I'd just order a different drink), I'd make sure to load up on appetizers. Lots of items of the brunch menu looked amazing, but I'm assuming you'd need to order in multiples if you have an appetite like mine.
5	Dinner was really good last night.  Hit the end  of happy hour and the small plates and entrees were wonderful.  Especially Shawna's quail.
5	We had a very memorable meal at Distrito,! After reading the other reviews, we were ready for the moderate serving sizes (we don't need huge piles of food). Our table was on the patio, and the warm evening sunset added to the relaxed feeling. The hostess left both the happy hour menu, M-Th 5-7, with much cheaper prices! We ordered a hand made guacamole, the tuna ceviche, and four of the street tacos. The food is art, with the small tacos looking like beautiful pieces of sushi. The food was incredible in both presentation and taste.We finished by sharing a delicious dessert. We were extremely happy with every aspect of this restaurant. If you want huge portions with cheap prices, go elsewhere. If you can appreciate truly innovative Mexican food, that will blow your mind, try Distrito!
5	First time in Scottsdale.  Stayed at The Saguaro. Luckily for us,  The Distrito is part of the hotel.  Went to dinner there 2 nights in a row....awesome.  melt in your mouth brisket. Amazing mahi mahi tacos. Tamales with mole. Ceviche and pulpo. Great wine list. Great service.  Our waiter Chris had great wine pairing recommendations.  Go hungry and order one of everything
2	I was in Scottsdale with a group of women a few weekends ago for vacation and we booked a reservation at Distrito for brunch.  The weather was horrible all weekend so we were really looking forward to Brunch on Sunday before our flights left since the weather was finally nice.  There were 4 of us (all women, mid 30s, corp America Professional, dressed nice).  The moment we sat down our server had an attitude.  The restaurant was busy but nothing too terrible.  He made it very clear from the beginning that he didn't work the morning shift so I'm assuming he was called in last minute.  We were there for over 2 hours ordering foods and pitchers of margaritas and his attitude was so poor to us, that we would take turns for asking for something because he would basically yell at us when we did.  During this time, I saw a few people get up and leave before ordering food as well.  After 2 hours of the mental abuse, we got our bill which was well over 200 dollars, tipped 20 percent, and left.  However, I'm still just extremely upset about this.Here's the thing; we all have bad days, I understand that.  But that is no excuse to ruin someone else's day because of it.  My girlfriends and I had been planning and looking forward to this trip for several months.  I work very hard as well and this weekend was one of the very few days I've had had off in months.  It was our vacation.  He literally just ruined an enjoyable afternoon for my girlfriends and I for absolutely no reason at all.  Instead of us spending the afternoon catching up because we hadn't seen each other in YEARS, we spent it being scared to order more drinks, coffee, or food because our server was so mean to us.I just can't believe how horrible this experience was.  I want my vacation day back. =(The only reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is because their food and drinks are good.
4	DISTRITOS is tucked away in the (very funky) Saguaro hotel in Old Town Scottsdale. I agree with other reviewer DISTRITOS is geared to a younger crowd. Although I don't qualify anymore, with my taste buds are in tact and my family buds were in tow ,we gave lunch a go. The Express lunch at $15 is the way to go. You get a choice of a small appetizer and small entree. Small but tasty. Service is trendy but we just bitch slapped the rude waiter and he fell into line. If your hungry and want a big meal of really good food,go to DISTRITOS and order for two.
4	I was staying at the Saguaro and they gave me a card for a free guacamole and chips, so of course I had to head down!  I also ordered the fish tacos, and both were amazing.  To wash it all down I I ordered a pink drink that someone next to me had and looked good.  For the life of me I cannot remember what the name of it was, but it was some sort of pink margarita.  Also VERY delicious.  The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because I ordered the taco from the bar menu and it was only supposed to be one taco for $4, but when it came it was three tacos, which cost $11.  Since I was alone it was a bummer because who can eat a whole bowl of guac AND three tacos?  Okay....I can.  But I didn't want to.  In any case, everything was quite delicious and I will definitely be back!
2	Sorry to write a poor review. It's definitely not the worst I've ever had but do NOT go here if you're hungry. Very small portions and expensive for being so small. Service was good, really cool vibe in the restaurant itself (eg good decor).  I would recommend the guacamole and the drinks, I got the agave drink and it was awesome.  But ya I don't think I would be going back unless I was forced into it by my friends for some sort of event. Good service though so can't hate on that.
5	Food was incredible, and the cocktails are quite delicious
4	Food here is amazing. I've never tasted anything so unique and complex, but the prices are pretty high and serving sizes are somewhat small. Nevertheless, Distrito is a great place to go and hangout, while enjoying amazing concoctions of tastes and flavors. So overall food is 5 stars, but the pricing and portions aren't congruent.
4	great, great hotel restaurant.  i didn't realize til now that this guy also owns Mercat in chicago, another awesome restaurant in the city.  i loved that place, so i shouldn't be surprised about distrito.  i stayed here one night with some of my lady friends and ate lunch and breakfast.  oh, and pool snacks.  we had:lunch:the guac.  OH YEAH.  and if you check in on yelp, it's all FREE and shit!   it was super goooooooood.the carnitas tacos.  small.  but tasty.  tres tacos presented on a cool, taco-plate-thing.brunch:my friend and i did halvsies on:the eggs bennythe french toastit was the first time my friend ever had eggs benny, and it was delicious.  so was the french toast.  it was all, frenchy and toasty.  and it had some sort of creamy topping or filling on/in it.  it was SO good.phil was the one who served us both times.  hi phil.  you're a nice man.  and cute, too.  we sat out on the patio both times, since it was beautiful out and when you're visiting from chicago, march has the WORST weather.  we soaked up that sun so good.the decor inside though was pretty awesome.  walls made of those puffy balls you find at the ends of your ankle sock heels, and seatbelt straps woven into each other.  pretty.
5	I really want to come back to this place, but maybe stay at the hotel. We tried Brunch, hostess was very nice and sat us were we preferred, it was early so we had plenty of options, chose the best of both worlds, near the patio but inside so we could enjoy the AC but have a nice view. Menu was interesting, food was delicious. Server was very nice, gave us suggestions and our food was brought promptly. Alcoholic beverages were a bit pricey... I definitely want to come back and I'll use the free guaca mole that I got for checking in with yelp.  :)
4	In the center of it all...place to be seen and satisfy your appetite. Sensuous atmosphere, that you pay for. It's not on sale. Go if you're up for it! A bit tricky to find, tucked back off the main street and through the hotel.
3	I used to love this place but now there is a change in the decor and menu! took a large party there (probably NOT the thing to do) and had terrible service, a waiter with attitude or just too inexperienced to be working there.  The service was bad, the food was great but everything was ruined by the waiter, failure to check on anyone or the food or drinks and the bill was well over $200 (that was only half the group). I doubt I will go back.  Once you're hot...you're not.
5	I was always aware of this place, but frankly, some poor Yelp reviews and a mediocre rating kept me away.  My girlfriend and I went to Distrito during AZ Restaurant Week. We liked the menu offered, so what the hell?In short, we loved it.  Two of the biggest complaints about this place on Yelp are decor/ambiance and portion sizes.  Decor - clean.  Maybe it was too early, but no techno blaring in the background.  So I know what you're thinking...that will warrant some bad reviews in the 'dale.  Portion sizes - yes, you are not at Denny's or Golden Corral.  The portions resemble a more European offering, as most of the food is pretty rich.  Neither of us left hungry.If you enjoy spicy, a little of the habenero agave in your margarita is key.  The Pollito a la Yucateca was fantastic.
2	My wife and I had been looking forward to a meal at Distrito for some time. When we arrived at 8pm on a Thursday night, we were the ONLY people in the restaurant. That should have been a telling sign that possibly it was time to look elsewhere for dinner.Before our appetizers arrived, we enjoyed the cornbread with chipotle honey and citrus butter. This was tremendous, and we had hoped a prelude of the meal to come.We started with the fish tacos and octopus appetizers. We're fairly educated foodies from NYC, with a great appreciation for an amazing Phoenix food culture after living here for nearly three years, and have eaten in some of the nicest restaurants in the world. We both agreed the Rubios fish taco is better than that served at Distrito. The fish was alright, but the tortilla was stale and overall, it was dry at best. The octopus was fine, nothing to write home about.We shared the Skuna Bay Salmon and the Garlic Prawn entrees. I kid you not that we couldn't finish our salmon entree because it was so sweet. In a pasilla pepper broth, I would have expected some heat... not a piece of candied salmon with raisins. This was very disappointing. The shrimp entree wasn't bad, but we both agreed it tasted no different from the tequila citrus shrimp that we, not formally trained chefs, make at home.The entire meal lasted less than an hour. The service reminded me of what you might receive at an Applebee's. We never had even five minutes to enjoy alone before we either brought our next course or approached. I stood up to use the restroom in the middle of the meal and noticed that much of the staff was sitting at the restaurant's bar. Regardless of how empty a restaurant is, and this one was completely empty, I would never allow my staff to sit at the bar. It just looks bad.Average food at best + poor service + high prices = most likely not going to return.What a disappointing experience for a meal we were quite looking forward to.
3	This place is nothing special. Unmemorable food, a bit pricy. Good location though!
4	So this isn't the best Mexican I have ever had, but I did have a few firsts here.  I came here for brunch with a group who likes to share dishes - which is a total bonus in my world.  My cousin and I were looking to get a little buzz before our planned pool day (which happened to be at the same hotel the restaurant is in, Saguaro - great pool as a side note).  We were strongly advised against the Bloody Mary's by our waiter - which was appreciated...nothing is worse than a bad bloody - so there may be a reason they offer the bottomless Bloody Mary at brunch.... We went with the Agave fizz which was unique and refreshing for a Sunday morning, but watered down quickly on the patio.We started off with the guacamole which was top-notch (my only complaint is that we did not get enough of it) and the ceviche.  Wow was the ceviche delish!!  So many interesting flavors and the lime sorbet on top was a really unique touch.  The chips were super fresh and tasty!  I would definitely recommend these two appetizers.Our brunch "small plates" merged right into the mains...the double order of fish tacos was our favorite (only 3 per order).  They were brought out hot on an ultra modern serving dish that housed each taco individually, but the corn tortilla seemed it was heated too long and was starting to be dried/chewy.  In all honesty, they weren't the best tacos of all time, but they hit the spot that morning.  The huevos rancheros were nothing to write home about, and the chile relleno I had that day was the first one I ever tried.  I loved the description: quinoa, kale, queso oaxaca, yellow tomato puree....but in the end, I do not think I am a fan of the chile relleno..So the digs were interesting.  We ended up sitting outside and our ambiance was the performing arts center of old town and of course eachother.  My uncle was impressed by the wood they used for the bar stools - he's into that kind of stuff..If you go, you may just want to order a bunch of the small plates and tacos!
4	The outdoor patio in cool weather is great. Food is yummy. The sangria is amazing and the other cocktails are really good too.
5	I loved the pollo and carnitas tacos!
5	Yummy street tacos, perfect margaritas and awesome guacamole!
4	I would have given this place 4.5 stars.Nice decor, great location and good food.Tried:Guacamole & chips - very fresh and deliciousCarnitas tacos with pineapple/jalapeno salsa, radishes, on homemade corn tortillas (moist and delicious), street taco sized (3 of them).  DeliciousChilen relleno - stuffed with kale, quinoa and cotija cheese in smoked pepper sauce.  The sauce was flavorful, the rest of it was a bit bland.A little pricey for the size but worth it.  Apparently they have Taco Tuesdays and happy hour that is pretty good.
4	I have been here multiple times for breakfast and dinner and have really enjoyed it. The menu and decor has changed but I actually really liked it the way it was before AND the way it is now, which I feel like is a hard thing to do. For breakfast we've had their Benedict and the Huevos Rancheros and both were good. The Benedict isn't a traditional one but it is still good. For dinner, the guac is great and comes in really cool bowls..and there is usually a check in offer for it. The Naranja Roja margarita is sooo good it's spicy with habenero in it. I think the Carnitas Tacos are the best thing on the menu and I was very disappointed when I strayed away from them and decided to try the duck. It was like 4 pieces and they were just way too fatty and rubbery and so overpriced. Our friend got the lamb though and was raving about it, so maybe I'll have to try that sometime. One complaint I do have is that you can't mix and match the three tacos, you have to get three of the same which is annoying.
5	My boyfriend and I ate at Distrito about a month and loved it. The hostess miley was such a sweetheart and gave us a great table! Our server was named Michael and he was fantastic he had lots of great recommendations. The Ceviche here is fantastic. We tried both options and they both were so good. I think the Carnitas tacos and the Fish tacos may be the best I've ever had.  Our favorite dish was the shrimp entree. I still think about it. I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends!
5	I love everything Chef Jose Garces touches. Have been here 3 times, and every time has been a little different, but always excellent. Went for a menu tasting with a magazine writer who was doing a feature, so we got to try lots of dishes. Octopus was phenomenal, tender and tasty. Duck was amazing; juicy and crispy. Returned with my wife and she loved her fish, and I enjoyed the carnitas. Went back last week with a group of seven and we shared some apps and the "group tacos" -- a nice way to share and enjoy, and tons of flavor in everything.
4	I cannot remember ever having better service than I did a couple weeks ago at Distrito with Ben, the awesome server.  I felt like I was the most important person to ever walk into the joint.   The food was fantastic.  I had the chille relleno which was perfectly cooked and beautifully filled.  The ceviche was fresh and lightly citrusy.   And I loved the spicy margarita and great glass of wine.  Really a find in AZ.   It is a NY quality restaurant, with the best service I have experienced in eons!Can't wait to go back, and will make sure it is when Ben is working.
5	I really, really love Distrito. I love food and this place pushes out excellent food. Me and my boo thang have been here twice and he would probably go back almost daily if he could for the fried crab claws. You need to get them, I'm drawing a blank on the name that is on the menu..but track them down and order them. We get an order each even though they are for sharing..delicious. The guac is really good as well ( free with yelp check in). Service is really on point at Distrito. you get the whole Iron Chef feel thanks to this being Chef Jose Garces spot. The cook had brought out complimentary little muffins before dinner, and each dish was brought out and explained ( i love that, makes me feel important for some reason) i like my food being explained to me. It's like verbal food porn. Ambiance, design, mood & food is all just incredibly sexy here. Good job.See you Soon Distrito.
5	Need to update my review:  I went back to Distrito twice this week.  Once, while attending The Taste of Scottsdale food tour.  I was impressed this time around!  On the food tour we had guac and chips. Both were home made and delish!  We also had a stuffed pepper appetizer and a pork taco.  All tasted excellent. The presentation was nice too.  The atmosphere and vibe is better at night as well!   Great location in the heart of Scottsdale civic center!
1	Not impressed at all. Felt like I could get better service and quality of food at chain restaurant. Upon arriving for breakfast/brunch, waited 5 minutes at hostess stand before anyone arrived to greet us. Say down and browsed breakfast menu. Really was looking for lunch. I was sat at 10:50 and nothing was said about brunch. Had to ask when brunch started and if I could see a brunch menu, which, started in 10 minutes. Finally made my selection of basically chicken torta ad a side of fries with cilantro aioli. After the 30 minute wait for my wife's chopped salad and my piece off fried chicken on a bun, I was under impressed. The torta came with refried beans on it that was not stated on the menu. The waiter came over and asked how everything was. I told him I didn't want the torta because it had beans on it. He seemed in awe that I didn't want something on my sandwich that wasn't stated on the menu. He preceded to ask me if I wanted a new one with no beans and said it would only take 3 minutes. I was amazed it would only take 3 minutes since the first one took almost 30. I said no, I'm ok, I will just have fries. When he walked away with my sandwich he passed by other servers and clearly told them why I didn't want it, because every employee in the place looked at me like I was a filthy mongrel. I didn't think I was in the wrong just wanting my sandwich the way it was stated on the menu. Needless to say, I will never be back. It's unfortunate too. Oh and btw the aioli just tasted like a key lime mayo with way too much lime.
4	Too bad you have to categorize. Not Mexican food, more like Mexican-style influences and flavors. Had dinner with my man here last night. Didn't know it was here. Free valet parking, so pull up to the hotel (The Saguaro). Fun, pop-art atmosphere. Not a tequila drinker, but the best margarita ever. Super informative waiter on tequila. We tasted two different margaritas, "Jef" and "Naranja Roja" (?). They use fresh juices, lime salt and no icky sweet/sour mixes. The delicate habanero chili finish on the Roja was so good!  Don't be afraid, not hot. Four,complimentary spicy sweet delicate corn breads about the size of a man's thumb were served next. Perfect blending of flavors. We started with the waiter (excellently trained & knowledgeable) recommends and shared everything. Ceviche de Kampachi served like sushi. Great textures and presentation. Very tasty. Pulpo al Carbon (octopus) flavors were great, but I'm a texture girl and I just am not a huge fan of tentacles-so probably shouldn't have ordered (ate it all though). Next we shared the jumbo grilled prawns with "blistered" cherry tomatoes. So many flavors playing nice together. Yum. I am super picky about eating lamb. It took me years to get over the nasty mint things restaurants do and just try it again. My favorite is right off the grill/pit in the ground, tied up with lemons inside. The chef here does a process that partially cooks the meat in a Sous vide (I looked it up) and then finishes it on the grill. It is served on home-made chorizo with some lovely sheep crema (like goat cheese) and pipian verde (smoky, mild with a microscopic hint of mint). This huge chop was cooked perfectly. I was surprised that it was on chorizo, which to me is either great or it sucks (theirs was great). The food at Distrito is made by someone who really gets flavor and what works together. We ordered dessert because everything else was so good. I've always wanted to taste dulce le leche and that was part of the dish, so we ordered it. Amazing, delicate orange flavors and this scoop of home-made citrus sherbet. You could build a life around that sherbet. Go here and have fun. They were having taco Tuesday, but we will go back for that.
5	Contrary to other's reviews. The portions were just right. The service spot on and the food delicious. Try the fish tacos and ceviche. Aqua fizz packs a blast.
4	First time here and didn't know it was restaurant week. The food was amazing. Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. The service was impeccable. The reason I am giving 4 stars vs. 5 is because of the drinks. My boyfriend's margarita was all ice and very little tequila ($11). My handcrafted cocktail with Tito's tasted like straight club soda with a splash of cherry juice ($9). Both were very lame. My advice would be to stick to bottled beer or wine.
3	Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday for happy hour. It was a weekday and hardly any guests inside or on the patio. We  sat on patio & hostess was prompt in bring out menus. However the wait service was not good. Guacamole & nachos were delicious. Sad that food was so good but service overshadowed the overall experience. Might give it one more try in case the service level was a fluke.
5	A must when in Scottsdale.  Try the lunch special, outsfanding.
3	Food was great however service was super slow. I asked for lemon for my water and seafood as soon as I placed the order. It didn't come until after I was done with my seafood starter and my water glass was half empty. My drink also came after my food arrived. Even though I asked for it after I placed my food order, server should have coordinated it to assure it got here before.
4	Had breakfast here during a stay at the Saguaro. Had the Huevos Rancheros - great twist on one of my favs. Our waiter was charming and made us feel welcome. A bit pricey for breakfast but we are on vacation, why not?
4	We came here to try out this new place I saw in the magazine. The place/ambiance and the colorful walls was nice! There was a live performance which is cool. Our server explained really well the menu because it was our first time. My boyfriend and I ordered the guacamole with crab which is so good, for the main course we ordered carnitas taco and pork belly. The pork belly was okay, I'm not a fan of the beans that came with it, the portion was small and it was $20- not worth it. The carnitas was excellent! The flavors just exploded in my mouth. The service was good but in the end it took them forever to take the bill so we have to wait. I'll probably come back for happy hour and eat the carnitas again.
3	I was invited to a rehearsal dinner hosted here. We were sectioned off in our own area with a bar, tables, and patio facing the pretty backyards of many Old Town Scottsdale shops and restaurants. Best:Chips and guac are addicting, salsa was OK too.The venue has unique charm with some elegant features and a great view.Very good avocado - I recommend that on any dish you order.Ok: The soft tacos were pretty good but nothing amazing. It could be because of the catering heat lamps during the night, though I presumed they came out fresh only seconds before they hit my plate. The pollo (chicken) taco was my favorite if I had to choose - ropa vieja, queso fresco, crema, radish, tender and yum.I'm not a huge margarita fan. I do like tequila, and theirs is strong and could get you buzzing quickly.Not-so-Good:The parking was trouble. I didn't know where to go and the valet's were in such a hurry the whole time (keep in mind: this restaurant is located inside the Saguaro Hotel). In the end things worked out ok, but not after much consternation.Overall:Fun restaurant that was a nice choice for our private gathering. I wouldn't go out of my way for the food. If you do happen upon the area, craving some chips, tacos and guac, I give Distrito a thumbs up to check out. I DO want to come back to experience the Taco Bar!
4	It's cool, service is ok..nothing really impressive or original.. That's Scottsdale for ya !
3	The ambiance is really nice.First service sucked they did not allow us pick a table, restaurant was empty.  Later waiter came and allowed us to pick better seating. Ordered guacamole it was just not spicy returned it.Chips came too oily and salty did not enjoy it.For appetizers I ordered the canitas taco it was ok but now wow. My friend order fish taco and it was great,  I tested it.
5	See you here, salud.
4	We enjoyed our dinner here very much. Yes, the decor is dark but modern, and we found it to be quite romantic for our purposes. I can see how a large group would not appreciate this though.The waitress was knowledgable and excited about the food offering and my husband, never one to make a choice on his own, received an earful when he asked for a recommendation. Our waitress listed about 4 or 5 of her favorites! Needless to say, it didn't make his decision any easier, but I like hearing and seeing the servers get excited about where they work.We ordered chips & guacamole and it was fantastic. You could taste the smokiness of the roasted jalapenos and the covering of grated cotija cheese was a great touch (and one I will steal the next time I make guac). We also ordered a carafe of Sangria which I absolutely loved. Some of the best I've tasted. My husband ordered the pork belly and I ordered the prawns. both meals were superbly done, not too large, but definately enough to fill us up.Embarassingly, my husband informed them that it was my birthday, so we were treated to a chocolate explosion on a plate which was absolutely amazing.
3	Never ate here but we come here regularly for the happy hour and the scene. Good group usually a fun place to people watch. Tends to be a lot of attractive people lurking about. Like myself.The service can be hit or miss. The 1 bartender guy who rides his bike and is bald is really the only person working there worth a dang. He knows how to take care of people. The rest are just twenty somethings that tend to spend more time hanging out in the corner talking to each other than worrying about the customers.Either way we will keep coming back for $3 Tecates.
4	This joint is located in The Saguaro hotel.  I stayed at the hotel for a week on a business trip.  I ate lunch and dinner a few times with clients.  Districto's menu is designed by world famous Chef Jose Garces.   I must admit that I never heard of Chef Jose Garces, but apparently he has a bunch of chain restaurants.....Districto's staff is outstanding.  They go the extra step to make sure everything is perfect.  The manager is doing groupon's (I did not have one, but I heard some other guests using it) and Yelp check in free guacamole!!!!!    Kudo's for bonus!Lunch - $15 Two Course Special.   Guacamole is to die for, 5+ Star.  Pescado fish taco was suberb.Dinner - Sweet corn soup, mmmmm...  Ceviche de Kampachi was okay.Happy Hour!!!!!  Yes!  $5 margarita.  Taste 5+ star, alcohol -5 star.  I had two and they were consistent with little alchol.  I like a stout drink, just my preference.  Note- Every night, the joint was full of local people as well as hotel people, this is always a good sign that the ambieance is top notch.  Each night, they brought in different live music.  Sitting on the patio, getting my groove on, happy hour and free (Yelp check in) guac and Scottsdales perfect weather is awesome!!!!!!!!!!Why 4 star??????  Overall the food is just not my cup of tea.  Chef Jose Garces, while I am sure that some people rave about it, I am more traditional hispanic dishes.  This food was just do artsy fartsy, hard to explain, some people like presentation and the high end food, I just like normal food.  The server said that the food is "a little different" when I asked what the heck all the stuff is with each item.....  Crap hard to explain, just my taste......
5	Excellent breakfast. The Huevos Ranchero was amazing. Beautiful presentation and the combination of flavors was unique and prefect. Also, the French Press coffee was delicious.
5	Hotel restaurant? Pssh. Could easily stand on its own. Came in town for a long weekend and friends had recommended Distrito before they even knew we were staying at the Saguaro. Do the guac with crab - sounds odd, but mighty tasty. Margaritas were probably the best we had all weekend - but the Distrito Mule was just as good. And I should mention that we also got - hands down - the best service we've ever had from Keith from Philadelphia. Guy couldn't have been more helpful, friendly and chill. Even drew us a map to the bars we asked him about in Old Town Scottsdale. And made some recommendations based on what we were looking for. So go here. Eat. Drink. Hope you get Keith. And just enjoy it.(PS - sat with their chef at Bootleggers later that night. Couldn't have been more down to earth guy, recommended the tortas for our next visit!)
4	Enjoyed a great dinner here outside on the patio. Started with complimentary guacamole thanks to Yelp check-in! Very tasty! The Pescado tacos were delicious - plantain crusted mahi mahi with a chipotle sauce, avocado and pickled red cabbage -yum! The Pancita al Pastor was amazing - glazed pork belly - moist and delicious - so good. Try the Pollito a la Yucateca - marinated smoked chicken with popcorn grits and an orange habanero glaze  - delicious. Portions were on the small side, but the food was different and delicious. Staff was very friendly and attentive.
2	Sadly, Distrito does not live up to an Iron Chef's restaurant expectations. I've been to this restaurant three times just to verify that I wasn't missing something. I found the pricing to be somewhat reasonable but most of the dishes were hit and miss...mostly miss. Service was subpar each visit and most employees seemed like they didn't want to be there. The restaurant really wasn't too busy so not much excuse for good service. The descriptions on the menu make the selections sound appetizing but none of dishes tasted anything like what was described and also found that there was usually an off putting flavor in most dishes. Can't be more descriptive except that every dish ordered seemed to be missing something or had something added that didn't enhance the experience.This is the second Chef Garces restaurant I've tried (Chifa in Philadelphia also)  and found both to be just OK. Chifa recently closed in Philadelphia due to poor quality and service and I wouldn't be surprised if Distrito follows suit.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect with some of the negative reviews I read but my actual experience was that it was the perfect breakfast.  Good atmosphere with a view overlooking the civic center plaza. The food was delicious. We had the huevos rancheros and torrijas (french toast).  We shared each others plate since we both enjoyed both dishes.  I will want to come back for lunch or dinner.
4	The hunny and I dined here on Halloween!  We were on our way to meet friends and wanted to start our night with a little "us" time.We were seated on the patio which has a nice view.  The restaurant itself is chic and modern.  The patio tables for 2 are super small!!  More like a cocktail table not really for dinner.  We started with the guacamole and margaritas which can't really go wrong!  Nice chunky avocado and not too heavy on cilantro.  We also got 3 pork tacos and some sort of steak.  Both dishes were spicy but subtle.  I think the chef used chili oil to get the slower lingering of spice.  Yum!This is delicious but a little pricy for the small portions- though obviously I enjoyed it very much.
1	Decided to come here last night because we saw it in a hotel magazine advertising for supposed upscale, fine dining restaurants. Walked in around 8:30pm on a Saturday night, it was my girlfriend and I and only three other tables. That should have been my first sign to walk out. Service was good but given how few patrons there were, service should have been exceptional. Food was mediocre at best. Sad when the highlight of your Iron Chef restaurant is your guacamole and chips.  Some of the plates were downright terrible and shortly after dinner I got very ill out of nowhere.  Worst part was I tried to order a blended cocktail like they show in their ad and our waitress told me that's not possible because they don't have a blender.  Portions are small, prices are decent.  All in all I would never go back but I don't think there's much risk of that because I would be surprised if this place stays open much longer.
5	I loved this place, but every time I go the menu becomes smaller and smaller.... However the food is still delicious and their servers are super proffesional and friendly!
4	Staying at the saguaro and honestly didn't expect to find such a nice restaurant there. Prices are fair and the portions are large. Tried both the pescado and the carnitas and both were really good but one must try the guacamole with crab, absolutely great! I've also tried the breakfast and it didn't disappoint nice omelette with some toasts with a really tasty pumpkin butter, as a swede this reminded me of christmas which was perfect :)
5	The food here is amazing!, why isn't this place booming?  I don't understand - the service is amazing and the food is super tasty
5	Went back after a mixed experience in September. Took kids and spouses, table of seven. So glad we revisited! Service was excellent, Mateo was attentive, knowledgeable, friendly and professional. Every course was spot on, hot, delicious and unique.
3	Meh. It was ok. Margaritas were good but margaritas are always good, service was acceptable though definitely not friendly (our waitress warmed up a little after she dropped a fork on my dad), and the food varied greatly in terms of taste and quality. Do not come here expecting typical tex-mex food. Even though I knew what I was getting into, I still felt like something was lacking. My sister's mahimahi tacos were delicious, but the others were just ok, and the larger plates were also just ok: Pork belly better than salmon better than chicken. It ended up being quite an expensive meal, and just ok.
3	I'm pains me to give Distrito only 3 stars. I've been to the original location in Philadelphia and counted down the days until it opened in Scottsdale a ways back. I've been here for my birthday and considered it one of my favorite restaurants, but last time I went I had a really bad experience. I was thrilled when I was able to get one of those Groupon type things for Distrito. I took a friend and we ordered our usual - fantastic fish tacos and margaritas. The waiter seemed nice at first, but when we presented our coupon he grew annoyed and disappeared for like 45 minutes with it while we were waiting to check out. He eventually came back and told us in a rude way that he would be including a 20% gratuity and then was nowhere to be found for like another 30 minutes while we waited with our credit card. He finally took our credit card and after what seemed like eons we were able to leave. I felt this was so rude considering we eat here all the time and would have left a nice tip but after the behavior and his forcing me to leave a tip I felt the need to write this review and likely won't go back as it left a bad taste in my mouth for Distrito.
5	I was originally attracted to this place by the bright color scheme, chic decor, and relaxing music. It seemed like a nice place to have lunch. Many such places use this as a ruse, then don't deliver on the menu. No so at Distrito. Everything we ordered was delightful. We started off with their fresh, crisp tortilla chips and a thick and chunky (as it should be) guacamole. Excellent. Then there was the ceviche: the lemon sorbet they put on top added a nice texture and perfectly complimented the dish. For an entree, I had the carnitas and my friend had the mahi mahi fish tacos. Both were exquisite. I was impressed by how they took simple dishes and tweaked them slightly to create something altogether new and exciting.  This was a great lunch experience. I hope to return here soon.
2	Great atmosphere for a Scottsdale Restaurant. Although, I'd choose great food over a nice setting.I expected more from an Iron Chef restaurant.Service was really slow considering there were several open tables and it was pretty late in the evening. The best thing was the guacamole. The salmon I order was mediocre at best and the flavors just didn't work.The tortillas for the tacos were rubbery and chew. The lamb meat wasn't well seasoned and needed salt.
5	Staff - excellentDrinks - unique and yummy, though I wish they would ease up on the 'smokey' maybe they will once spring comesFood - seriously get the nacho's they are the best thing ever!Great location and have had two great experiences here.
2	I really liked Distrito for its ambience. It is located in a trendy hotel, with open door. I liked how you can sit near the door and feel the warm breeze on your face while enjoying a beautiful view. The staff are knowledgeable and professional, and definitely very attentive. The reason for its 2 star is really because of the food. Not to say that it was terrible bad, I guess it really didn't capture my fancy or interest. We specifically chose Distrito over all other options is because of its Mexican/Spanish content. Needless to say we were terribly disappointed to lunch only to find out that they only serve a very "Americanized" brunch menu. Sure, more Mexican options are available (maybe 4) but it definitely did not impress me. I guess if I had wanted to eat at an eggs and sausage place, I'd choose to go somewhere else. Distrito- if you want to serve brunch items, then at least make your menu items more "Mexican" A huevo ranchero perhaps?
5	Wordsworth is a hack.Van Gogh, complete chump.Mozart should be ashamed.Because in comparison to the genius, the beauty, the absolute dream that is the Ceviche de Atun created by the mastermind that is Chef Garces, in the gracefully elegant setting that is Distrito those old dead dudes failed to create anything of importance.No but really, dat ceviche!The menu description of it will pique your interest.  Yellowfin tuna, Serrano-coconut sauce, lime sorbet, tomatillo, tostaditas.  Seriously, Wordsworth, get your crap together, man. When it arrives to your table, it will look small.  Like many of dishes here.  Tiny even. Inside this small bowl you will find the tuna, lovely, with tiny little tortilla chips the size of nickels.  The sorbet is there too, a vibrant and pleasant green.  All luxuriously bathed in that serranno- coconut sauce. Oh and whats this? This delicate little cloud resting in this beautiful landscape? Cilantro foam.  Suck it Van Gogh, 'cause those finger paintings of yours got nothin' on this.From your first bite to your last you will experience the most fabulous symphony of texture, flavor, and temperature in your mouth.  Mozart could bang out a concert, sure, but the flavors in this dish meld together to surround your tongue in a true euphoric experience that hack could never quite deliver.So, basically.  I really like this ceviche.
4	The food was great.  I would have given it five stars but they didnt really have any desserts that looked good.  They didnt have the churros which I was hoping for from some of the pictures.  I like to be torn between which dessert to get and here not one looked good.
2	First, the design is beautiful and worth the trip (as you walk through to AZ88). If only the food would live up. The duck queso is one of the better dishes in Phx, but everything else is a disaster. Came back a second time and they were out of the duck dish (at 6 on a Saturday). Margaritas are poor and not very strong, chicken tacos had the unfortunate habit of being raw. Chef Garces how some Brotherly Love and whip your kitchen into shape once in a while....
3	The atmosphere is beautiful..contemporary art,  beautiful exterior, and perfect lighting.  Unfortunately,  in an area like Scottsdale, which is known for it's fabulous restaurants,  the food was just meh.  The service also wasn't what you would expect for a restaurant in this price range. The place was almost empty, which should have told us something.
4	I went there yesterday and enjoyed the yummy special they had going on, tacos for $2 and deals on margaritas. It's a great spot if you're walking around and have a pet because they allow animals on their patio. The drinks were yummy and it was fun to people watch. The only concern was the server forgot about us towards the end and we had to ask the hostess twice to find her.
2	I came with a group during Sunday brunch to avoid the lengthy waits at some of the other Scottsdale restaurants and was unimpressed.  It's a trendy little spot in the Saguaro hotel. Our service was very slow which I normally wouldn't complain about but we were one of 3 tables in the entire restaurant. They had a $30 buffet going but we decided to order off of the menu. I would say the food was decent. This restaurant seems like a good place for hotel guests that don't want to stray too far from their stay but there are a lot of other options in the Oldtown area.
5	We had a great experience at Distrito for our anniversary last night! The ambiance is nice and cozy and I loved having the back window wall open to the courtyard of The Saguaro Hotel. We decided the best way to go about our meal was to try several small plates so we could try lots of new things and get a good feel for the restaurant. When I looked at yelp reviews I knew we had to get two things - the guacamole and the tuna ceviche. They both delivered - the guacamole is fresh and lightly acidic, we added the fresh crab and it takes it to another level. Straight up, it was delicious. I now understand why someone would write an ode to the tuna ceviche - the dish, to put it lightly, is perfect. The yellowfin tuna, tender. The Serrano coconut sauce, spicy. The lime sorbet, unassuming and cooling. The sauce is just out of this world guys. You really must try it. Our waiter said they play around with the menu a lot and things come and go, but the ceviche de atun never moves. We also enjoyed the pulpo al carbon. We had tried octopus one other time at a tapas place in ohio and liked it but found it a little tough. Not so here. The way the octopus is marinaded and grilled, which brings out a light nutty flavor to the tender meat. It's dense and delicious, and the potato confit with the bearnaise sauce brings a decadent touch. We finished with the queso fundido - I'm glad our waiter brought this out last because it was pretty dang rich. I mean it's a crock of melted mixed cheese with barbecued duck and poblano chiles. You can do the math - it's delicious, but so heavy that you wouldn't want to start a meal with it. All in all, we really enjoyed our time at Distrito. We had two house margaritas that were on point as well. We'll definitely be back, and I'll probably bring my parents when they venture out west.
4	Tasty, fresh food - a little fancy, but definitely delicious!  The place itself is really well done in lots of colors - kind of like Happy and Trendy bonded.Rather indifferent service both times - everything served in a brisk manner, but a little lacking in friendliness.  I didn't care, since I was there with my own friends, but it's worth mentioning :-)We've somehow only come here when it's pretty dead, so the atmosphere felt a little odd, but overall, it seems like it would be even better with a healthy crowd.The guacamole is lovely, as are the fish tacos - everything is fresh, fancy, and in small portions.
3	We were very disappointed!  We had planned on having lunch but when the wait for our pitcher of margaritas took forever.  We had ordered quacamole (because the reviews were so good) when we ordered the margaritas and we're almost finished with our drinks when it was served.  Terrible service, margaritas were not worth $36, but the quac was good.
4	Awesome. Great scene. Cool decor. Very interesting tapas menu. Deep fried crab claws w/ verde aoli and veal/pork meatballs in a chili sauce were the best. The octopus was a bit tough. I've had better. Ceviche was tasty. House mad tortilla chips were very good. Staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.
2	I really try to judge restaurants on their food when I am writing a review, but I've been to Distrito 3 times and twice the service was just not up to par. I'm from Philly and still have family there and Jose Garcis is a big name in the restaurant industry in that city. I've been lucky enough to go to multiple eateries of his and have loved every one of them. It's a shame the people running his restaurants in the valley aren't able to do his name justice. Old Town Whiskey has already closed, which was another restaurant of his located in the same hotel. I went once and thought it was very good, but the service there was sub par as well. Distrito's issues are just too much for me to want to go back again, even if I do enjoy their food. The last time I went a friend and I sat outside and ordered drinks and tacos. The drinks came, but after 30 minutes we realized the tacos were not. We asked for the bill and our waiter gladly got it for us, didn't mention the tacos that we ordered and we left. I understand that some jobs can be difficult, but if you can't do your job correctly then you don't deserve to have it. The previous time I went was for dinner and we waited for a server, then waited for drinks, waited to order food and waited for refills. There are too many other restaurants in walking distance that I enjoy to waste my time, and money, at Distrito.
3	Would have given a 4 star but couldn't do so due to the the poor attitude of the manager. The food was tasty, excellent drinks,service was very good. Our issue was unfortunately with the manager. We are in town for a conference, decided at the last minute to have a team outing with 25 people. Got to the restaurant and were fortunate enough to be seated even with the late planning - but not together. When I arrived shortly after and after being informed by my team that they would not allow us to have our tables together (even though the remaining portion of the restaurant was empty) I approached the manager in the hopes of trying to get us together. I was met with complacency and a feeling that our business was not appreciated. Every option I threw out that would put us together was turned down for a variety of reasons. She said she had reservations and it just wasn't going to happen. We had our dinner and cocktails and a great time anyway. The important part of the story- not one additional party sat anywhere near us and not one of the tables that could have been used to put us together was ever utilized while we were there. No explanation, no apology, no appreciation for our $1200 tab. We took care of the servers but the manager needs customer service training at a minimum. We left at 10:00 pm and headed elsewhere to close our evening.
5	Had dinner here last night, breakfast here today. Out of the ordinary: dinner waiter was completely aware of gluten free issues and was totally accommodating. Roasted corn chopped salad was out of this world. Masa flatbread pizza-- roasted mushrooms, cheese... To die for!Breakfast was just as good - braised pork in chili verde with perfect scrambled eggs... Huevos rancheros with asparagus and peppers. Fresh house-made corn tortillas. Wish we lived here!
5	We rented out the Zocalo Room at the hotel and all of the food came from Distrito. What can I say - if i could give 10 stars, I would. We had a group of 14 people and every single person raved about each and every dish, the wait staff and bartender were SUPERB and so friendly. I have never felt so taken care of at a restaurant before. Food and drink wise, another 10+. Guacamole, the salad, the tacos...everything was fantastic.Thanks to the whole team for making our event so special. We'll definitely be back.
5	Wow what a surprise. Great decor and ambiance in d Scottsdale. Ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos and kale salad. Refreshing and delicious. Three little tacos that were perfect!
5	The tacos are just magnificent and the guac is to live for
5	Great spot! Everything from the margaritas to the guacamole to the entrees was amazing! We loved the fish tacos and ceviche.  The entire wait staff was excellent and knowledgeable. Mateo deserves a special shout out! We'll be back!
2	Chef Garces has created some fun and inspirational dishes on the menu. Such a shame that the overall ambience and lack of service delivery ruin the overall experience. When we arrived and came down the stairs one of the greeters was texting on her phone and the other had her back to us and was drinking a cup of tea. They looked at me only after I started the conversation. They only spoke to each other and one deftly walked us to a table with no additional interaction. The server was friendly enough and professional. However; his timing was a bit off and he was not very visible (I may not have noticed this had I not been annoyed by the initial greeting). Food was decent. Octopus was a standout. The chicken tacos had good texture and a bit of spice. Chilango chop salad was refreshing. That said, the salmon ceviche way too sweet and salty at the same time. The flavor and texture of the fish were gone.Overall I saw no reason to go back. There are several other similar style restaurants in town that do both food and service better. Even the dining room was a bit bland and lacked inspiration.
2	The ambiance is fun, colorful and the music is good.  Located inside a hotel & valet parking available.  Food was ok, but FAR from authentic Mexican food.  The presentation was nice, but not quite functional ( i.e. Container holding the guacamole and crab was sphere like and sideways facing - not ideal for scooping up or dipping anything.)Ceviche was NOT ceviche, was definitely more creamy and somewhat watered down and seafood was almost non-existent.Fish tacos were tasty but definitely appetizer-sized.  (By far the best of all dishes, followed by guac+crab)Chicken tacos were okay, but not anything spectacular.  Service was ok.  I didn't feel particularly welcome.  Not really a family-friendly place, although our waiter was nice, but not really attentive. The bussers were really nice, even after some spilled beverages.  Overall, two stars for super small portions on non-practical platters (although very cute) that were overpriced.  But, if you're looking for a good place for a Happy Hour, I'd say YES to this place!
5	We went to Distrito for the first time on a Saturday night. Pleasantly surprised by the colorful decor, open doors overlooking an amazing park and the creative menu. We were celebrating a birthday so we went LARGE and ordered just about everything! The blood orange margarita will have you craving more...seriously fantastic! We ordered all the appetizers and LOVED them all! We pretty much all had cravings for tacos so we ordered a couple of the taco bars to share and it was delicious. Some of the best guacamole I've ever had and the chips are homemade and perfect.Our service was superb! Our waitress Hillary saw to each and every detail and was well seasoned on the menu and how things were prepared...we all think that's very important! There was no disappointment with her suggestions. The manager Ben was attentive and came to our table a few times making sure everything  was perfect, exactly like a good manager should.  We ended our evening with yummy cappuccino and dessert.  My only disappointment was no flan...I would highly recommend this gem in the middle of Old town Scottsdale! They even have free valet parking. Jose Garces should be proud of this establishment.
5	Oh my delicious! My husband and I had an amazing lunch at Distrito and I cannot wait to go back. We came in at 11:30 on Friday with a reservation and there were just a few other people in the restaurant. We had attentive and prompt service, quickly getting seated, drinks, and food. We were in, stuffed, and out in 50 minutes. The lunch special is out of this world and I hope it never goes away. For $15 you get a full sized app and entree of Distrito's amazing food. As a vegetarian, this was one of the best Mexican meals I've ever had. The flavors were so fresh, interesting, and satisfying. I had:- Guacamole: Of course this is hard to mess up and Distrito's is spot on creamy, fresh, and bright. - Nachos: This could be a meal in itself. I found the red sauce to be a little too spicy for me, but it mellowed out when mixed in with the plentiful cheese and some guacamole from the other appetizer. Solid dish.- Chili Relleno: Highlight of my meal! The red sofrito sauce was out of this world - so many complex & layered flavors, and such a complement to the pepper and quinoa. It's hard to describe but it's a warm, smoky, savory, spicy sauce. The quinoa was barely noticeable in a good way - very soft and almost buttery. Quinoa at home never tastes that good! I LOVED the black beans that came with the dish too - very flavorful (cumin I think) and good. The crumbling of mexican cheese over the dish gave it the perfect salty touch. This is an amazing entree for a vegetarian.
3	My friend and I stopped in for a quick snack before tackling the AmeriCAN beer fest at the Civic Center yesterday. The decor is really cool, very comfortable but modern and fun. The hostess was great too, however our waiter was determined to leave a bad taste in our mouths. I'm not sure if it was how we dressed (maybe looked like beer fans and not his type of clientele) or the fact that we just wanted the ceviche and waters- but he didn't hide his disdain for us or our small order. He said "that's it!??"And then grabbed our menus and walked away muttering under his breath. When we ordered chips and salsa a bit later, he advised us that "well it's not free, it's actually 5 more dollars" as if our order was so small that we couldn't afford chips. The ceviche and chips were great, but I would hope the staff could try and make guests feel welcome regardless of check amount.
4	Distrito = Distrito Federal, i.e. Mexico City. I like the low light atmosphere and great selection of craft cocktails. The Mezcal Mule was legit, got that true smokey mezcal flavor in a strong dose. The menu uses some really creative ingredients and the dishes are exciting, including some desserts that are downright beautiful to look at.  You wouldn't think to include cilantro in a dessert but it worked perfectly (can't remember name, crema something maybe?).  Also tried the coconut cream chicken enchiladas. Unique flavor, I was a big fan. Unfortunately the insides of the enchiladas were cold, despite being served on a hot iron skillet. The previous evening I had the salmon ceviche, which was incredible, and the carne asada. The carne asada tasted great despite being too tough to chew in parts, must have  been a tad unlucky with that cut. Regardless, I will keep coming back.  Love it!
3	Ok food, subpar service, if your a server learn the menu. Just because the menu has an Iron Chef signature doesn't make it an automatic hit.
5	Distrito boasted Mexican food like I've never had before. An uber contemporary joint with awesome al fresco dining, we were in for a real treat. We began with some of the chunkiest and most flavorful guacamole I've had from a restaurant. Rarely will I say that a guacamole is better than my own version. Distrito's guacamole was...better than mine. Okay, that hurt a little. From there, we ordered the Ceviche De Salmon which was a colorful and zingy assortment of tequila cured wild-caught salmon, charred pineapple, tepache, and shiso.For our entrees, Chris went with the Chile Relleno which was stuffed with quinoa, kale, black beans, and topped with Queso Oaxaca and a delectable smoked tomato puree. A carnivorous kinda guy, he hadn't even realized that he ordered a vegetarian dish. And truth be told, he wasn't the least bit disappointed. With so many diverse tastes and textures going on, it'd be hard to miss the meat.For the rest of my review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/west-coast-road-trip/
1	I honestly was not impressed. I ordered the chilli relleno. The dish seemed pre made & reheated. I thought that it was strange when I asked for it with no onions and they said it couldn't be done.... Because it was already made.  I'm really sad because this was supposed to be my special birthday dinner. :(
4	The atmosphere was cool, urban, trendy feel. Very open feel, dining inside is surrounded by the outdoor windows and has a very light and airy feel too itI really enjoyed the food and experience. Our waiter/bartender, Lucky was very friendly and helpful. I loved the Naranja Roja Margrita. It had a little spice to it and you never know if it will be to one's liking. Lucky mentioned that if I did not like it he'd be happy to make me something else or add additional agave to tone down the spice. I always like to hear that so if it's not drinkable your not on the hook for $12.00. I know most places will accommodate you when it comes to something you don't like but it's refreshing to be told that up front and makes the decision easier to make. The drink was awesome! I would highly recommend it. You did taste some spice so it was not a drink to drink fast.  We also had the Pescado which was had a great flavor.
5	Excellent food. Never tasted such amazing nachos. Good value for money as well. I am definitely coming back.
2	I can't speak to the authenticity they claim for Mexico City, but I've definitely had better.The guacamole was excellent, but the main course was sub-par. I had the pork carnitas and they were OK. The atmosphere was modern and cool, but this is more gourmet mexican than I was expecting. I probably wouldn't go there again, but if gourmet is your thing, this might be the place for you.
4	We discovered Distrito last year when we stayed at The Saguaro. We had memories of their fluffy pancakes dancing in our heads...so much so that it was the first stop on our trip this year. They were as good as we remember, and as filling. Three pancakes come with an order, so there's enough to share.
5	For being a restaurant in a hotel, this place is amazing. I always have great service and the food is always great. I love going for taco Tuesday and taking guests that are just visiting. If this is your first time here try the Guacamole! I have never had such a delicious Guacamole from a restaurant!
2	I had chosen this place for a birthday dinner. Had read slme reviews.  The guacamole was good but the other food wasn't what I expected.  I might have just been.setting up high expectations for the place. It was a good atmosphere and friendly staff but the food wasn't what I had in mind.
4	The front is part of a hotel, rear entrance is facing the civic center area. I thought these guys had the best fish tacos at the taco festival. Their menu has changed a few times since the start and remains solid but those fish tacos are still the best item to get. Great place to enjoy drinks or bring a date.
5	If you are looking for upscale, modern Mexican, this is the place to go. Beautifully situated across the park from the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, it is a great place to eat before a concert. The patio is great and the decor inside is warm. Be prepared to spend some money, but you will get really well prepared food. The drinks are also better than average. The funny thing is that while this is very upscale, they welcome community groups on the patio. Last time we went, there was a reception for people who had adopted dogs; and the dogs were there, too. It was really pleasant.
4	Very fun evening dining experience. We sat outside under the stars. The service was excellent and the food was very good. We had a light fare of guacamole, chips and carnitas. After diner we enjoyed a walk through the colorful  hotel lobby and around the beautiful grounds. Would definitely eat here again.
3	Had higher expectations. Was a bit of a let down. Food was decent not amazing. Staff was present but there was time I had to wave down the waitress. Soda was flat. Overall decent experience. Will try again and come to a conclusion.
5	I had the Tres Leches French Toast and it could have came with more berries but other than that it was an excellent brunch item for sure. Some of the fluffiest bread i have ever had with French Toast in my life. Felt like i was eating a cloud. The whipped cream and the sweet caramel sauce on the outside of the plate made for an awesome combination of flavors. My GF had the Poached Eggs with the Black Truffle Hollandaise she loved it.I can't wait to come back for HH and try some of their tacos.
4	I've eaten at Distrito twice, and I have to say the first time was definitely a better experience. Three of us met for breakfast, and it was excellent! We grabbed a spot on the almost deserted patio in the warm morning sun, which was lovely despite the plastic chairs (they got a little sticky on my bare legs as the sun came up further...!) The decor is bright and vibrant, just like the rest of the hotel, with a cool rustic slant that I liked a lot. Our server was really sweet and attentive, and kept our water constantly refilled. We all ordered the Huevos Rancheros (I'm a sucker - I LOVE Huevos!), and I was very excited to try it somewhere it was likely to be more authentic than Canada! I really enjoyed my dish; it was filling and well cooked, but definitely hotel-ified, if you know what I mean! The sauce was a little sweet, and there were some greens and radish sprinkled on top more for decoration than flavour. I loved the cast iron it was served in, though.My second experience was dining solo in the evening. I entered via the patio gate, still relatively early - around 8pm, but was mostly ignored by the server (this became a theme) until brusquely directed to the hostess on the other side of the restaurant. She was lovely and showed me straight to a table on the (sparsely populated) patio. The same "charming" server eventually came by to give me menus, and was not very responsive when I asked her questions about the drinks and dishes. She did make some recommendations, which was good because it was hard to read the menu with only the light from one candle on the table! I ordered the Enchilada de Pollo and the Distrito Margarita. The cocktail was pretty good, but the enchilada was disappointing. It had an odd, over sweet taste to it, and not enough spice for me. I drenched it in hot sauce, which helped, but it wasn't my favourite. I'd come back for sure, but probably in the morning!
3	The ambiance was great in this place.  It's inside The Saguaro which makes it real convenient while staying there.  I like the Taco Tuesday deals and the tacos were actually quite tasty.  The Micheladas during the 3-6 pm happy hour are my choice for drinks.  House margaritas were just ok.
4	Located in a beautiful corner of the Scottsdale Civic Center, the restaurant itself is bright and eye-catching.  I was the only one there for breakfast on this particular morning.I ordered the Cochinita Verde, which is a slow cooked pork dish paired with breakfast potatoes, a fried egg, and flour tortillas.  The pork was tender, but it lacked certain brightness I associate with authentic Mexican cuisine.  The flour tortillas were thicker than the ones I'm used to as well.The coffee is really good here.  I rarely comment on coffee, because it seems like a standard item across all restaurants, but this is a good one.Service was welcoming and everything came out in good timing.  I'd go back to this place, but I'd probably wouldn't order the same thing again.
5	Iron Chef Jose Garces created the menu here, and the food shows it. Must-haves:-Gordita & Rellenitos appetizers-Pickled veggies-Guacamole-Chicken Ropa Vieja and Pork Carnitas tacos-Naranja Roja w/ sugar rim (Habanero-infused margarita)Distrito, you're amazing. We can't wait to have our holiday party here!
3	I thought the food was pretty decent. We ordered the guacamole which was pretty solid and I had the tacos. Not bad overall but nothing to write home about.The place was kind of cool/trendy being set up in a hotel, but it was like 75% empty on a Saturday night which was kind of weird.
4	This is my second Chef Jose Garces restaurant. It was very good but not the same as his Tinto restaurant in Philadelphia. The restaurant is in a hotel very south beach decor with all local art. The service was excellent. Food is a Mexican fusion. Best dish is the tuna tartare with a coconut sherbet. The guacamole was also fantastic. I tried their chicken mole dish which was on the spicy side. We tried to types of tacos the pork carnitas which were very tasty and the fried fish tacos which had pickled onions. Great place to share food with friends.
3	Food was decent, waaaaay to overpriced for the quality and service. I am always scouting new and exciting places worthy of making my weekly dining list of places, however this placed missed its marked. Cool deco though!
1	Oh my. Way over the top as a physical setting and expections way beyond results at the table. Pretentious servers. Nice review of the drill and specials. But really no service beyond that. Margareta selection seems interesting but nothing special. Mahi tacos quite good...particulaly with the aoli base. Barbeques heavy,over spiced nothing subtle here. The plantain was interesting as a side. Decor is bizarre. Knotty pine,  voodoo art, lots of glass bottles of mexican soda as decoration, elements of modern lighting, patterned but plain chairs and tables. Maybe 3-4 designers who didnt talk to each other?
4	Excellent fish tacos! Arguably the best I have found in Phoenix. The atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired which is why only four stars. It's very quiet and very slow paced (not the service)  since its tucked back in the museum district of Old Town. Other than that everything was excellent!
