5	Visited the Tropicana with the intent of eating at Carla Pellegrino's Bacio but they were closed. Went downstairs to the Pellegrino Pizza & Deli beacuse I read a good review about the pizza. Then I changed my mind and bought a hamburger. Best decision I've ever made in Vegas! I didn't tell them how I wanted it so, the burger was cooked medium-well. The size was a normal 1/4lb. Didn't seem like much for a $6 burger but the taste was excellent! Fresh lettuce and tomatoes on a grilled bun, with pickle and carrot spears on the side. French fries would have been another $4 so I upgraded to the $5 onion rings. Another best decision! Big fluffy battered 'rings dipped in bbq sauce. All cooked perfectly, none were burned. So, basically, I paid the typical $12 for a casino burger but I got one of the best fast-food meals ever in this town. Other places want you to care more about the burger's size rather than it's falvor. Pellegrino decided to emphasize quality over quanity, and I couldn't have been more satisfied. The only drawback is that I went there alone. While the burger was normal size, the basket of onion rings was large enough to be shared. I almost cried when I threw away the leftover 'rings but I just couldn't eat them all. The pizza slices looked like what I normally see in my home town but, of course, I wasn't able to taste them. And I saw other people with very delicious-looking sandwiches. Bacio is supposed to be open next week and this little deli has definitely made a good impression. Staff was also nice and friendly. Thanks, Carla!
2	Awful pizza... I bought a $4 slice and it was terrible. Salty, dry, and burnt. No good.
4	This place appears to be open 24 hours. The menu items seem to be very reasonably priced including their pizzas, soups, and salads. I didn't really want to leave the Tropicana during my stay, so I seemed to gravitate towards this place. The people that work here seemed to be quite friendly. I would definitely stop by this place again if I were staying at the Tropicana.
3	Should you still  yelp about a place if you were incredibly intoxicated while receiving services there??? ....oh well.To dull the pain of how lack-luster RPM was, I consumed quite a few drinks on an empty stomach. At 3AM, I was desperate for food and this appeared to be the only 24-hour place to eat.FOOD: Ordered simple, cheeseburger and onion rings. Not gonna lie, this was one of the better burgers I've eaten. Leaning more toward restaurant quality than McDonalds. The meat had the grilled/charred flavor and they even used real cheese. The bun was buttered and toasted and the size was comparable to an In n' Out burger with a much larger patty. The onion rings were freshly fried and absolutely addicting. My friend and I ate every last bit of food. No crumbs to be found!SERVICE: This late at night, I expect pretty bad service. Grave shifts mean you have to deal with a lot of drunkards causing problems. The employees were surprisingly friendly. They took our order, got it right, and even cleaned up after we were done.If I ever come back to the Tropicana again and need a bite at 3AM, I certainly won't have any objections to stopping here. At the very least I won't have to drive.
3	Decent for what it is
4	Ahh breakfast.What can I say? I love me some eggs!I saw that they had "breakfast fries" on the menu and decided to try it. Took a while for them to bring it out. Huge helping of fries topped with eggs, canadian bacon, sausage, and cheese. A dash of hot sauce makes it even better.Good breakfast option. We were staying at the MGM and just weren't willing to eat at a $$ breakfas place for our last day so we crossed the bridge and found this place. It's located at the South Beach marketplace.
3	We were at the Tropicana for a show and had some time to kill decided we were hungry and after finding out the restaurant had a wait we came here; It wasn't much to look at or even aesthetically pleasing as you had a ton of people crammed into lines and hovering around tables waiting for someone to get up so they could slam their trays down and claim the seat. The pizza wasn't bad it was a ny style cut and thin as well as greasy (meaning they were using cheap toppings) my GF ordered a salad and it was a large salad and we ended up splitting my pizza and her salad between the two of us and leaving full. I can't say I would ever eat the pizza again but I may try their cheese burger the people sharing our table had one and it looked ooh so good and it made me sad inside that I missed out on it.
