5	I love the taste of all the pastries and wedding cakes that have been produced by Patrizia & Robert. Really the best Italian wedding cake.Grazie per il vostro Talento che porta un po' di Italia anche a Montreal.
5	Honestly, this place should be closed down. It's clearly going to lead to nothing but obesity and diabetes because it's nearly impossible to avoid stopping here after you have been once! First, the people...so incredibly friendly, helpful, and ready to point out their favorite things if it's your first time or you want to try something different. Everything is delicious, rich, but not too sweet. Absolutely delectable. It's a bit expensive, as you would expect, but...come on, it's worth it once in a while, and it certainly feels like you get your moneys worth!
4	Not to bad place to pick up a quick biteIt's a small place mostly has pastries. Coffee is great, pizza not do bad. Could use more staff
5	I get dizzy and overwhelmed at this place because there is SO many things to buy and eat!! I come here on almost a weekly basis and what I recommend is the chocolate croissants, their cakes, and vegetarian sandwiches! I recently ordered a vanilla, raspberry & strawberry, coconut 7 inch meringue cake for my boyfriend's birthday....not only did it look so beautiful to the eyes but it was YUMMY! Not too sweet and not too bitter...it had just a right taste to it, right blend and combination of cream and vanilla etc. Everyone liked the cake. Their choco croissants are the same....not too sweet like a lot of cafes make it. Their vegetarian sandwiches grilled? AMAZING.  They have grilled/roasted veggies with an option of cheese, really tasty. I would not buy their macarons though...it wasn't the right texture or maybe they had an off day. They have other options such as quiches, soups, gelato,pastries/muffins etc. Like I said....so many things to try and buy!  Anyway, worth checking out this bakery if you guys are in the St. Laurent neighborhood!!
5	Alright, this is my first 5 star review.I thought about this moment long time ago, what kind of place that would actually deserve a 5 star from a picky person like me.However, there is really nothing to talk about here, they deserve all the praises from the Yelpers.I do not know how the macarons and the pizza taste, I had ice cream here about 5 years ago and it tasted wonderful. I can only assume their desserts and freshly baked pizza to be of higher standards.I ordered a birthday cake here for my girlfriend, and I had the chance to talk to the owner Patrizia about the design. At first I thought it was very pricey for a customized cake, but when I actually saw the final product today I was completely blown away. The minute attention to the drawings, to the texture of colour and the expression of the character, it was more of an art piece than a simple anniversary cake.The flavour of the cake was fantastic, not too sweet, and had just the right amount of berries in it to compliment the creamy fillings.Simply amazing.
5	Great selection of sandwiches and desserts.We have ordered several cakes for wedding, baptism, birthday and been very satisfied with the quality and taste!
5	5 stars. 5 stars. 5 stars.You walk in and you get a great selection of Pastries that will simply cheer up your day (and make you poor!). Did I mention I got dizzy at all the pretty things I wanted to eat?Needed to buy 2 cakes since we were double booked that day. They were great and complete hits.Service was quick and efficient and they made a cute "Happy 1 Month!" sign for me without even asking after I was chatting it up that I was visiting friends on their son's first month birthday.Price tag is a bit steep but it is worth every single penny.They do far more than cake and pastries as well.
5	I didn't get to go to the patisserie myself, but my husband went to get a cake for his sister's birthday and he brought home a mini cannoli to try. It was delicious and filled with fresh creamy filling. My husband thought it was the best cannoli he's ever had. He's not Italian, but has had a fair share of cannolis. He said the cannoli was made to order so it was really fresh. The cake was just made too.Can't wait to try this beautiful cake, which my husband grabbed before they put it on displayShould have taken a picture of the cannoli. We will surely be back and try other goodies.
3	Really good baguette that's baked fresh every morning! I wish I could say the same about their espresso and cappuccino, as well as their croissants, but I can't. All three were very lackluster. The coffees just weren't up to par and the croissant was not flaky and buttery like it's supposed to be.However, this is a great place to go in the morning to sit outside and people watch.
