3	I like this place! It's simple and it delivers what you expect. The burger's are decent and their milkshakes are great! If you enjoy the simple pleasures of a nice burger and milkshake you'll love The Grill!
4	Good burgers, good service. The grill is a smart choice if you are in the mood for some tasty American food.  It is slightly pricier than should be expected for a burger and fries/rings, but the quality makes up for the cost.
4	I am a fan. Burgers make me think of fast food so I dont really believe in so called gourmet burgers some places sell. But this place, I like.Nice place to chill and eat their tasty burgers with some fries on the side. They also sell ice cream here, which is cool but you will have to flatten your wallet to get some.
4	Solid burger joint. The burgers are juicy and fresh, and a welcome alternative from the norm of fast food burgers. Side dishes are equally delicious. Their fries are freshly cooked and cut in house. And their onion rings are so big they could double as replacement tires for any mid-sized SUV. The atmosphere is bright and seating is adequate. Only downside here is that they ding you $.50 for a side of mayo. Come on guys... That being said overall one of my top burger joints and top fast food picks.
3	I had the worst burger slop I have ever had it was under cooked and no taste to it the upside was the onion rings they were one of the best
4	I come here on the occasion, usually if I need to be near campus for any outstanding work I have to do.The burger is at a slightly higher price than usual, but it's quality goes up as well as a result. Some toppings they have which I haven't seen in other places include fried mushrooms and onions...I'd pick those over the raw ones any day. The onion rings are huge...too huge, but yummy. You can't eat it in one bite even if you tried.One thing I love about The Grill is that in addition to burgers, they have milkshakes and ice cream. However you would have to burn $10+ for the full meal. It's good if you're hungry though, but I wouldn't go out of my way to have milkshakes/ice cream.This place is a popular joint for students, and with good reason too. Reasonably priced for the quality you get, and milkshakes and ice cream to go along with it!
2	The burgers available here are very greasy. The price is reasonable however the taste is not.
2	Their burgers are large and filing, but dry and bland. Their redeeming factor is that if you order ice cream, they will make you a waffle cone fresh on the spot.
4	The Grill is a pretty good place to get something to eat close to both campuses. While I hardly ever get a burger here, their chicken fingers are awesome! They bread them right in front of you, and they are huge. They also give you a choice of any sauce they have! Although it is a little expensive, they give  you a lot of food and it is way better than mcdonalds or wendy's. It's not a super fancy place but if you are looking for a good, fast meal, this is the place to come!
5	I would say this is the only burger place that johnny frescos has to worry about. There burgers are pretty good quality for what you pay, and they have a lot of selections including ice cream, and milkshakes which johnnys lack. Even though there wraps are smaller then johnnys, they taste amazing!
3	I'm not really sure how to feel about The Grill. I do like that it's a local KW brand with two locations in the area, but aside from that, it's not really anything special. Once in a while, I come here to grab something quick, but it's certainly not one of my regular stops in the plaza.They used to have a few veggie burger options: soy turkey, soy chicken and a normal veggie burger, but it looks like they've taken all but the standard veggie burger off the menu. I was a little disappointed. The veggie burger is tasty though, especially when paired with "Grill sauce." The fries are decent, but the onion rings are too battery for me. The rings make me feel like I'm eating fish & chip batter straight up. Maybe some tartar sauce would go well with them. ha.
1	It was Sunday and a lot of places are closed so we found ourselves at Waterloo's most tasteLESS burger joint. The place was almost empty which didn't surprise after tasting their burgers. Large, pricey, no seasoning in the burger at all - basically tasteless.  Ordered it with swiss cheese, mayo, fried onions (read half raw greasy onions) and mushrooms that I quickly found were CANNED mushrooms. How disgusting!  Rubbery canned mushrooms that I scraped off together with the half raw onion and way more mayo than a human would want.  Good burgers?  NOT!!   My romaine lettuce - well one piece of it died last week from the looks of it.  Dried out and shrivelled.  Yuck.  I guess we aren't supposed to look.  Never again.  Barely edible and only to a starving person.  $7.39 for that hot mess.
