4	Perfect choice for a great salad bar and finish with a free soft ice cream cone! Delicious soups and sandwiches and very kid friendly. Their boxed lunches are great for group meetings, too.
4	I didn't know what Jason's Deli was all about until a year ago.  Now it's always the place to go when looking for a great salad or some hot food.  My office gets a lot of their box lunches which make our seminars and meetings pretty fun and tasty.It's a little hard getting in and our of the parking lot since Harris has those large islands - gotta make a U-turn to get back to the direction you want to go, but it's a small sacrifice compared to the salad and food offered here.Free ice cream too!
4	Great place to grab lunch during the week. The salad bar offers a large variety of items to include fruit, different types or nuts and tuna pasta salad. They also offer free soft ice cream. It's a good place to take the kids as well. Many times I see lots of Mommies together with their kids. Jason's Deli staff really cares about their customers as well. Each time I've gone in, I've had someone ask me how was my food. Each time the experience has been pleasant.
4	I went here on Saturday 12/10 for lunch, and after visiting Jason's Deli for at least the 10th time now, I can firmly and confidently say I am a complete FAN of everything about Jason's Deli!  Here's what I like about this place...*Plenty of free parking - This particular Jason's deli is in a open plaza with parking abound.*Great Service - I have never experienced anything but superb service while patronizing this establishment.  Someone usually politely greets you when you walk in and is ready and willing to take your order or answer any questions you might have.  *Salad Bar - I don't know of many places with a GREAT salad bar here in the Charlotte area, but the salad bar at Jason's Deli has to be one of the best around!  It put's Harris Teeter's salad bar (which I love btw) to shame.  This salad bar has options like Donald Trump has wives - and that would be a lot!  They have house made dressings, garlic toast, muffins, corn bread, fresh fruit, fresh cut veggies, etc.  If you like salads, Jason's Deli is your heaven.*Build Your Own Sandwich - I love building my own sandwich when I go to Jason's deli.  Its an option on the menu which allow you to design your own sandwich for around $6-$7.  I am especially found of the chicken salad.  I know, I know, CHICKEN SALAD?  But YES, CHICKEN SALAD!!  It is the BEST, the BEST in ALL of Charlotte!!  The secret to their chicken salad is the pineapple chunks that are mixed into the chicken salad.  Still don't believe??  Just go try it and you will be a believer. *The Pastas - The chicken pasta primo and the chicken alfredo are tasty and extremely filling.  Due to the amount of pasta they give you, I usually stay away from the pastas when I am looking for a light meal especially during lunch time.  Never-the-less, the pastas are better than you think and make for an excellent meal on any day of the week.This place has awesome food with a freshness you can taste!
5	A favored fallback when I can't get up the energy to cook. Reasonable prices, a really nice selection of healthy/ healthier options, well-prepared, and fresh ingredients. I've never been disappointed at any of the locations.Nutty Mixed Up Salad, wraps, delicious soups and deserts... Yes, please. Gimme more!
4	always get the Ranchero Wrap - yummy. I also like to add a little side of thousand island at the salad bar to dip the wrap in while I eat it.  At the end...free ice cream!
4	Great salad bar! And their baked potatoes are so big that one can feed a family of 4! Love going here!
4	Great deli. Good sandwhiches, and soups, awesome salad bar.
2	Food is pretty good, but the customer service at this location is not anywhere near where it should be. I came to get a to-go order on 11/11. My cashier was Daisha, who didn't greet me at all, just stared at me when I walked to the counter. When I didn't say 'thank you' when she handed me the to-go order, she very condescendingly said "you're welcome". Will not be eating here again, even though the food is great.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch today.  I live and work nearby so I get there from time to time.  All I had today was a cup of soup and the salad bar which were both great as usual.  But I am writing today to comment on the staff.  What a bunch of friendly and helpful people.  They are always that way even though this location is usually very busy at lunch time.  Makes it a pleasant experience all around.  Kudos to management for whatever they do to keep everyone so pleasant.
4	Had a rueben the other day. Great sandwich!  Tons of meat and kraut. Delicious and really filled me up!
5	This is the restaurant I eat at the most. I can't match the freshness at home and it ends up costing just as much if you consider what goes to waste. You can get in and out in less than thirty minutes every time. Calling in an order ahead of time can eliminate the waiting involved for to go orders. You get 3x as much meat as subway footlongs. The foccacia bread is my favorite.
2	This place seemed very big for a deli. I came in at 8am but they were very busy with huge orders. Seating area was still getting cleaned up. I had to go round and round to find a place to sit. Cleaning is going on while I am eating....find out they open at 10. Why they didn't tell me? Crap, not coming again.
2	I got house chips with my sandwich. I thought house chips are cooked in restaurant. I received store bought ruffle chips in a plastic sandwich bag. Lol
5	Great food, great service. I love the salad bar, it's always fresh and the soups are yummy.
5	I have ALWAYS love this place and haven't ordered from there in forever. So a coworker decided to order and we all jumped in. I received my lunch but sadly for got my ranch dressing. I called and spoke with a nice guy on the phone and put the mgr that was super sweet on the phone and because they forgot my ranch she was going to have someone bring it right over and offered me a cookie or a drink since they forgot my ranch. I said no thank you but she still sent it and the driver was super sweet with a friendly smile and made sure I was fine. You guys made my day and remember why I love this place and the staff. My only down fall was not taking names. So I hope with the time I called in my order in you can thank them all for me.
