5	Very friendly and attentive staff. The food was brilliant. We had a valentines meal here last year and are returning this year.
5	Love this place! Excellent menu, well presented and the owner is a real character. Always treats us well. And the food is spectacular.
5	My sister and I had an excellent dinner here on our recent trip to Montreal.  The owner is a super nice guy--he even went to the trouble to go through the entire menu (which was in French) in English for us, without us having to ask. He and his wife are the servers, and their daughter is the chef. Very charming.We had a very difficult time choosing what to order because everything sounded so amazing.  After some deliberation, we ended up ordering the beet salad and duck breast to start, and then we shared the lobster with risotto for our entree.  All were fresh, light, flavorful, and beautifully presented. Our favorite of the night (and perhaps the entire trip) was the lobster. I will dream about that dish from now on!  An entire lobster tail and huge claw with roasted vegetables atop a mound of perfectly-cooked risotto.  At the owner's recommendation, we had a bottle of Marselan, which paired very well with our meal and did not break the bank. We also ordered the nougat with biscotti for dessert--a light and fluffy end to our meal.The ambience of the restaurant is calm, with dim lights and quiet music. It would be perfect for an intimate dinner. We had a glass of sparkling wine inside before moving outside to eat. It was fun to sit on the sidewalk patio and enjoy our food as well as the "living room" summer weather!I would recommend Chez Chose to anyone who appreciates good quality food and attentive, personalized service. I will definitely stop here on my next trip to Montreal!
5	Really welcoming & friendly owners made it easy to chose among the unfamiliar items on the menu. One of the two host-owners to translate the extensive menu into English & the other was willing to help us with the wine list without sales pressure. Their daughter is the talented chef in the kitchen. I had porcelette, my companions a polenta casserole and a risotto and all were delicious. Cheese, Pavlova meringue or Brownie for dessert? All were delicious. Kitchen got confused about our order and our wait was long, but we didn't notice & I didn't deduct stars because they all dealt with it graciously.
5	While visiting Montreal I was recommended by a friend to go to Chez Chose and try trier unique french cuisine. The food tasted amazing and the service was great! I really liked the duck dish and the chocolate desert was amazing.I will recommend this restaurant to anyone who visits Montreal.
5	This was one of the best meals I've had in months, and very reasonably priced.Starting off, I ordered the salad of the day.  It was a beet salad, and I hate beets.  But this was amazing....came with goat cheese and covered in a delicious dill sauce, and I can't get over how tasty it was.  My entree and dessert were equally good, the service was very attentive and friendly, and this is a must-eat. I just wish I lived in Montreal so I could visit frequently.  Chez Chose will live in my dreams until next time.
4	Nice place in the plateau with a very knowledgeable and accomodating owner. Menu written on chalkboard and great variety of flavourful french dishes.
4	This is an unpretentious place with a very sophisticated menu. Everything served was quite good. We appreciated the effort to use local ingredients. Its clearly a family affair; Maitre'D, Server and Chef all very capable and nice. You'll spend about $40-60 per person for the food and another $20-30 for wine. No wow factor here,but,definitely a solid choice.
5	Fantastic food.  Great service. Everybody in our party of 7 expressed their satisfaction. Will definitely return.
5	Not only fantastic food, but fantastic service.
4	Wonderful food, service, and presentation. They were very kind. All the food seemed made with love.
5	Ate there tonight. Gave the waiter complete carte blanche as to what to bring.For entrees (appetizers for Americans) we had the lobster salad, fois gras and the cheese baked in pastry. All three were great. Ranked in order from best to 3rd best it was fois gras, baked cheese and then the lobster.For mains, we had the venison (mmmmmm, yummy) and the rabbit (ok, but would try different next time).For dessert, we shared the Chai cream. Also very good.The overall experience was outstanding. Waiter was perfect, even bringing our 8 year old a bowl of french fries (clearly not on the menu) without us requesting it.
4	I'm a fan. A fresh selection of local and seasonal foods with a menu that changes very regularly.Service was great, Robert our waiter was very accommodating, friendly, and fun.The food was delicious, and I was lucky enough to get a grass-fed beef sirloin steak - quite rare to find.
5	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here. We selected the 5-course dinner and loved it! The atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the food excellent and thoughtfully paired well with the wines.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Chez Chose. It is hands down my favorite restaurant in Montreal. I personally prefer Chez Chose to Joe Beef.The wait staff (parents of the chef) is extremely nice and caring. The father read us the whole menu with extreme detail on what we would get with our order. I had the rabbit and my girl friend had the venison. Both of the dishes were quite exquisite. It was my first time having rabbit, and it was much better than I expected. The meat was extremely soft and didn't even require a knife to cut. If you are in Montreal, I would highly recommend giving this restaurant a chance.
5	Very nice. Awesome food, great wine, extremely friendly service (never rush that's the best part for eating french). The guy knew we dont speak French so he spent 10mins explaining to us thoroughly what each dish is in English. We skipped main course because we had a late lunch, but the small plates, the wine and dessert that we ordered tell us that they make great food. Very unique but authentic frenchie. I need to come back soon!!!!!
