4	I have been to this place twice now, once for a full set and again today for fills.  I have a "thing" about pedicures so I haven't gotten one of those there.  I can tell when I get a nail technician that isn't very good because I have soft cuticles and dollars to doughnuts I will bleed if they don't do it right.  I have experienced two different nail technicians at this location and it was completely pain free which was nice.     I also like to have my nails fairly short and I will sometimes get the "weird look" when I ask to go shorter; I suppose most people that get acrylics want really long nails.    The woman who put the acrylics on got the length just right on the first try.   Also, on both occasions, the acrylic was just perfect, no bubbles under the surface and no yellowing with wear.     This is just a neighborhood nail shop but the price is good ($20 full set, $15 fill) and the technicians are excellent.
4	I ended up getting a coupon for this place in one of the local mags that comes in the mail. So since I wanted to get a full set and they were only 15 bucks I thought I would give them a try.There was no wait...which was nice since the place I normally go is pretty packed sometimes.The girl was quick & did a great job. I will for sure come back for my fill here. I am gonna try out a pedicure next time since I have another 15 buck coupon for that! Love me some coupons!!
1	NAIL FAIL.  Horrible, I never have felt as compelled to write a review on anything. A 5 year old could have done a better job and I most certainly could have and for free at that. I got a gel nail polish change with french manicure. Which I normally go to another place for but I was in hurry and this was close to the other things I had to get done. She was quick, and failed to do some important steps that everyone else who has done my nails always seems to do. I have lumps and fuzz stuck in the polish, and they are filed unevenly. She seemed to know she was doing a crap job, but didn't care and quickly added an extra 6$ charge to the service 5 for whatever she mumbled under her breath and 1 for credit card use. I was just in a hurry to get out, I'll just have to go get them fixed tomorrow some where reliable. It's a competitive business out there, they should probably step their nail game up. Don't waste your money here, there are another 10 close by that will do a way better job.
1	one star would be too nice, if i could give a half, i would ! this place sucks soo much . and trust me, ive been to many nail salons and this is by far the worst. yeah, price is low, but man ! STAFF IS SO BAD. and the job they do with the nails, not even worth half the money i payed for. I got pedicure done and tips for it, guess what ! my tops are all shitty ! my cousin needed to get her nails done and her acyrlic was all crappy . NEVER GOING BACK HERE AGAIN .
1	My sister law and I went here because it was down the street, I got a Full Set and a pedicure..My nail turned YELLOW and her nails started peeling the next day! :( DON'T GO HERE!! If you are desperate.. go to another one not here!
4	I get a pedicure there once a month and love them. Tina is awesome........
1	Don't go here! I'm sure I got overcharged, and the massage chairs don't work!
1	Not friendly when you walk-in. The pedicurist did not acknowledge me or say hello, I felt she was mad I didn't choose the expensive pedicure. Also, after being painted, my nails were uneven. After charging 1$ to use my card I asked to place a tip which was 20% and she seemed rude that I didn't tip more and snatched the signed receipt and walked away and did not respond when I said thank you a few times. Won't go back here.
2	Not the most friendly staff and seemed overpriced, in my opinion. $33 for gel manicure? I don't think so.
2	Should've read the reviews before coming here. 1st time I came I got gel polish removed. The girl did exactly what I could've done at home and didn't even file or trim my nails. Decided to try them a second time this time for a pedi since the price seemed best in the area. Pedi was ok but there was no foot massage at all. I'm still looking for a good regular pedi that includes a good foot/leg rub and not be charged an arm and a leg. Coming from the east coast, I have not been impressed with any nail places.
4	I didn't have an appointment. I Didn't wait long either.  They call in additional help when needed.  Nice pedi for the money.
1	Went in for a very simple full set today (all over pink powder) ... Opted out of the gel top coat because the set was AWFUL. They were bumpy, poorly shaped & so thick! I went straight home to fix them.The woman also drilled my cuticles off as opposed to pushing them back. I bled in several different places & a couple of my fingers are SWOLLEN and in pain. I've had to disinfect them with alcohol wipes and keep an antibiotic cream on them, which I'll probably have to keep up until they heal. There's also acrylic stuck to my skin & behind my nails which is causing more cuts. Super Super painful. I'll never go back.
1	DO NOY GO TO THIS SHOP. Business practices are non existant.I give zero stars. I went in with a coupon for a pedicure, and decided to get a take off and full set. The pedicure lasted less than a half hour. She did an ok job on my feet. I've been decided to have a take off and full set done. This lasted for an hour and a half. She does not speak English. So telling her what was wrong didn't work. I watched the other women in the shop get their nails done they looked really good. Anh should only do feet. I'm saw how bad my nails were after leaving the shop in daylight. I had another appointment to go to. I called and told them my dissatisfaction. The comment was " come back that she do again for you, she fix." Why would I go back to someone that did such a bad job? Dummy me didn't read the other reviews first before going over there.
2	My friend and I were set on getting our nails done. We realized it was a Sunday evening and that we didn't have many options. We were just down the street and called to see if they would take us around 6:15 (I believe they close at 7). They said yes! The whole time we were there we were grateful that they took us and let them know that.I honestly am not too picky when it comes to nail services, especially at a place where there is very little English spoken. They customer service was friendly enough. However, I noticed the biggest flaws when I left. I got a regular, French pedicure and the line on my left big toe is crooked! It's driving me crazy! Also, my lady did a shoddy job on my regular manicure. The coat isn't thick enough to cover my whole nail and towards the tips of my nails, you can see my regular nail line!! You can also see that the top coat doesn't cover the whole nail, either. *Facepalm*Final word:Cheap prices but you definitely get what you pay for.
