5	Drinking coffee and Espresso has become my new hobby (or dare I say obsession) due in large part to the opening of this funky and original coffee Lab.  The passion of the owner, to stay true to traditional barista ways, is nothing short of extraordinary.  While enjoying one of their amazing drinks, the thought comes to mind, this is what coffee is supposed to taste like!!  Darn the behemoths of the coffee industry for herding us like cattle through their identical shops while shoving expensive sub par coffee our way.  I say no more!  I want to sip a perfectly made drink in a place that feels like home.  Cartel Coffee Lab is that place.  The sweet and fragrant smell of the freshly roasted beans lingers in the air.  I almost feel like the owner should charge for the smell alone.  Because the beans are roasted on site, you truly can not get a fresher cup of coffee anywhere.  There are no old pots of coffee hanging out indefinitely on their warmers.  Every cup of coffee is brewed fresh for around $1.  I know, don't even get me started on the prices!  Your buck is definitely getting "banged" at this place.  This place will not disappoint!!
4	I hear this place has the best coffee, ever. I haven't tasted it yet. Mainly because I don't really drink coffee. But I plan on going back and giving it a shot. I had a hot cocoa, which was good, but not nearly chocolatey enough for me (i have a twisted, gluttonous perception of how chocolatey things 'should be,' however), and some of their freshly-made truffles which were DELISH. It would be nice if they were open earlier and later. I really enjoy the ambience of the place... it's like your best buddy constructed a bitchin little coffee cart in their super hip warehouse loft or something.
5	Best coffee I've had in the Phoenix area. The first time we went, we had 2 cappuccinos (for here--they won't make them to go, understandably, as it ruins the foam). One of the owners made them for us, then told us the next time we came they were on him as they were rather wet. Certainly weren't the best-prepared cappuccinos, but at least he knows what a cappuccino is supposed to be. And any way, the coffee itself made up for the poor foam--just delicious. I wouldn't say that I'm a coffee expert by any means, but the flavor of the coffee just really stood out above any other I have had in a long time. That's probably because the owners get the beans from fair-trade farms in Guatemala (which they have visited), and then roast them themselves in the ware-housey shop. We later bought 2 bags of coffee to give as gifts, a dark Guatemala roast and the Black Market Espresso (tasted the first, which was good at home but not as good as when made at the Lab). You can also purchase cool coffee equipment in the front. The only downside would be a small amount of food available. I like to have something to eat with my morning coffee, and they have a few cookies (locally made and very tasty) and some other treats, but not much in the way of a breakfast. But in terms of coffee, this place is the top!
3	After hearing a bit of buzz about Cartel, I decided to stop by.  First the good news: the coffee is quite good and the atmosphere is inviting.  The coffee is roasted on location and certainly lived up to the hype.  Plus, the coffeeshop, though tiny, is decked out in contemporary art and vintage/repurposed furniture.  The bad news: they keep bankers' hours.  What kind of coffeehouse closes at 8pm?  Don't they know that coffee drinkers like to be up at obscene hours of the night?
5	I am a pretty huge fan of coffee. I have work at multiple shops and at one point started my own. It's a pretty significant part of my life to say the least.  It is hard to find VERY good coffee in Phoenix. I would say there are probably only two or three places where you can even get a drink prepared properly, and Cartel is hands down one of the best.  I have been there almost every single business day since the first time i tried it a few months ago.  I get a traditional cappuccino every day and it is always delicious. Super friendly, very comfortable place to sit (if the music isn't too loud), and some of the best coffee i have ever had in any part of the world. The only coffee shop that i really promote.
5	this coffee is so good that you probably shouldn't ever go here. "but why," you ask. "that makes no sense," you proclaim. listen, if everyone starts going here and then i have to wait in a line next time i stop by i'm going to be a little disgruntled. the last time i was here it was totally low key and peaceful and i got to enjoy my coffee and small talk with the owner without being rushed. what a gem.. especially for me coming from los angeles. so please.. stay away from Cartel. for me.
5	To me, a neighborhood is complete only after they have: a great coffee shop, a great neighborhood bar, and 3 or 4 small/cheap/good food places. Cartel, Casey Moores and Ottos all occupy the same block and hit all three catagories.Cartel is hands down the best coffee I've ever had in Arizona.  Great atmosphere too. The prices are absurdly cheap to the point that I worry about them making a profit. I took my coffee snob friend there who was very cynical about it before going but now declares it the best he's had. Make sure you support this place.
1	I want to go here so bad. I guess maybe Cartel just doesn't want me.I have tried to visit this lovely-sounding cafe no less than three times. Each time, it was closed. Cartel, are you EVER open? Visit #1, 7:45 am on a Tuesday. Closed. OK, this one is my fault, I guess. I assumed a coffee shop would be open early in the morning -- you know, before people go to the office. No. You open at 8:00. I am sad. I go to the Starbucks by the office. Visit #2, 8:15 am on a Saturday. Closed.The sign says you open at 8:00 on Saturday. You are not open. Pulling away, I think I might see you pull up. But I have to go to the airport, so I can't wait around for you to unlock the doors and start up the register and make some coffee. Instead, I drink airport coffee (and I wasn't even in a terminal with a Starbucks). It ruins my day. Visit #3, Saturday after Fourth of July. Closed.Yeah, it's the day after a holiday, I know. But you're already closed on Sundays. So....I go to Solo Cafe instead. Their coffee is also quite good (though not roasted onsite or bought via direct trade). But it's good. And they're open.Thing is, for years I've wanted nothing more than a little local roastery to displace my crippling addiction to Stumptown Coffee, which I order from Portland for obscene shipping fees. So please, Cartel. Please. Please. Please. Figure out your hours so I can spend some damn money in your shop. I will immediately update my review. Please?
3	Guilt is a bitch. And after giving Cartel a crap-tastic review without actually tasting their brew, guilt got the best of me. I had to try again.Plus, I've got a soft spot for anyone willing to roast their own beans and forge relationships with growers, not to mention serve to-go coffee in compostable cups. Oh, just thinking about it makes  my bleeding heart flutter. But on to the goods...Visit #4, 8:30 am on a weekday. Open. Fucking. Finally. I just order coffee, cuz....well, if you can't do a cup right, I won't trust that your foaming and steaming abilities are up to snuff.It's good. It's rich and flavorful, with that bright taste, hard-to-hate of a Central American bean. The beans are fresh, and you can tell. The coffee is fresh, and you can tell. And their milk is that delicious non-pasteurized crap that makes people nervous. This doesn't faze me (see previous commentary re: dirt and germs for more) and tastes delicious. I head to work totally satisfied. When I'm low on beans, I'll be in to pick up a pound for sure. It's just too bad this place is off my bus route to the office, or I'd stop in more often. Because they're doing something right, and their beans don't cost any more than Starbucks' (although if you are buying beans at Starbucks, I suggest you save your money and just buy grocery store crap, because it's not any better). So, why just three stars? Because, c'mon -- Cartel keeps hippie hours. In my book, 8:00 is LATE to open a coffee shop for us proles with desk jobs. (Plus, when you own a business, 8:00 does not mean 8:18 people!) And while I'm digging the laid-back, warehouse-y vibe, I wish the place were better set up for working rather than chatting about literature or politics or whatever it is people without day jobs discuss. Fuck. Am I a yuppie?
5	This was the best espresso I've ever had in Phoenix.  It was sweet, not bitter, full of flavor and had a great aftertaste.  The beans were roasted lightly, just like I like my coffee.  Staff was friendly and accommodating.My only complaint is that the music being played wasn't a style I like.  So what?  I'm here for the coffee.
5	Notables:-Wide range of roasts that appeal to almost any coffee preference (save for you weirdo super dark drinkers)-Espresso Excelente = Horchata with shots.  Literally.-Handmade furniture and fixtures care of owner Jason littered throughout.-All prices figured to 5 or 0 (aka no pennies necessary)-Staff legitimately cares about all aspects of coffee and some aspects of teaEspecially Notable:-If you were to have taken Cartel's regular clientele and plopped them down into another very good coffee shop like Lux, they would all have sat separately and talked sparingly even though the seating at Lux might be even more inviting and communal in nature.  For some reason people open up here.  It is not out of the ordinary for two complete strangers to spark up a spontaneous conversation and actually enjoy each other's opinion on topics outside of the normal social boundary of small talk.  I have been to most of the other coffee shops in the greater Phoenix area, and while some do have excellent drinks and baristas, none have fostered such an air of openness and loving friendship. I never truly enjoyed coffee until I had a cup here (Sweet Yellow, although Blue is great, too).  The existence of this place gives me renewed hope for a resurgence of sincerity and artistry in a town taken over by fearless big boxes and scaredy-cat hipsters and wannabes. PSREDACTED
5	Best coffee in Tempe hands down.Cool little place too.I used to work at a roaster and this place knows what's up.  Owner is a drummer too, so I like the place even better.
3	Okay, so its probably unfair for me to review cartel.  I went there to pick up beans.  It was pretty clear that the beans I was buying weren't roasted recently.  (They told me they were about to roast.)  But, I was desperate.  In all fairness, the beans smelled awesome. Yet, the taste didn't get close to the smell---not delicate at all---much more grocery store like.  I will go back and try when their beans are fresh.Atmosphere looked great.  I was more than slightly (ehmmm) insulted when they suggested that I was dropping off my kid for college.  Last I checked, I wasn't nearly of that age group.
2	For all you folks who need coffee to go with your turpentine, Cartel is the place for you!! For the rest of us, I hate to pour cold coffee on the Cartel-parade, but I just am not feelin' the love. I ordered an iced cafe mocha. The resulting lukewarm concoction tasted like a very strong brew of chocolate-infused cardboard. *shiver* To tell you the truth, it was vaguely reminiscent of chicory coffee, which is not my "cup of tea," so to speak. I even brought my younger, hipper friend to Cartel to make sure my evaluation was fair, and she now makes a face whenever I mention it!Try it if you must, since we all like to support our local businesses, but don't blame me if you don't like it...
3	Cartel has a great atmosphere. I walked in today and they had the garage partially open and there was a nice breeze wafting in. There were a few kids with bedhead and sleepy eyes sitting around, drawing and writing. There was Black Rebel Motorcycle (I believe) pouring softly through the speakers. Lining the walls were pictures of the HTC kids and friends, head shots gloriffying their peircings and tats.Compare this to Starbucks, with all the yuppies and morning corporate mongrels talking loudly in a brightly lit, overly cramped space. It seems most of the staff has had to much coffee and the cashiers are always pushing John Mellencamp CDs.The coffee was decent, I got a soy latte and didn't have to remember how to say "large" in italian. I wish they offered food, either way Cartel wins for my new morning coffee stop.
4	I just tried this place for the first time on Monday, as a place to work and get out of the house. Immediately when I walked in, I was afraid I wasn't cool enough to be there. I confirmed this when I shot the liquid sugar across my latte and all over the counter. The redeeming quality of Cartel is the barista working responded with, "I shot myself in the face with that, last week." Making yourself more embarrassing than your clients? Point Cartel.The latte was really good, pretty strong, and tasted really good. The free wifi didn't hurt, and although I know I wasn't really cool enough to be there (I'm pretty sure I was one of 3 people that wasn't wearing clothes they made), it was just what I was looking for. Quiet, but not dull, and good coffee. Oh, and when I was leaving, the barista said "Sweet bag!" (Mine, that I design and sell). Yep okay. I'll be back.
4	The reviews speak for themselves, but for those of us who want a real cup of coffee, not a bullshit sugarfest, this is the place to go. I'm not really the type who chooses to hang out in an industrial garage for hours on end, but when the coffee is this good I suppose one's surroundings falter in relevance.
5	Aw, Cartel. You've won yourself a spot in my cold, dead heart: Better hours, better setup, better everything. You have achieved (near) perfection. Plus, now that it's fall and the weather's cooled down, I can ride my bike right up to the big garage-style warehouse door in the back. Like the cool kids.And even though I'm not actually cool, the baristas here are really nice. Hipster style without the hipster pretension. I like it. Perhaps most of all, I just plain started feeling guilty about giving three stars to a place I frequent at least twice a week. And as I have said before, guilt's a bitch. Now that I'm absolved of my sins, I think it's time for some coffee.
4	best fancy coffee i've had so far in this town.  they roast their own, which is nice and they seem to take drink making pretty seriously.  their soy macciato makes my day.  and you don't actually have to be a hipster to buy coffee here, so shake it off.
4	I've never seen so much junk look so cool!  Bicycle Wheels, hanging Republican elephants, and more... This place is very quaint and laid back.  Its even got a humongo bay door in the back which (when open) almost makes you feel like you are outside under a huge umbrella!So I came here for Yelp Office Hours, and I have to say... it was so much fun!  I got to meet a bunch of people that I have been wanting to, and the Iced Chai Latte I got was pretty bad ass as well. Thanks Jason and Amy... and Yelp!This place is pretty damn hard to find, but once you are in, you wouldn't know it.  People are coming and going constantly, and there is a great buzz about the place!  Not to mention it is one of the more 'Green' establishments.  I was told that everything is natural (as can be), and my plastic cup? It said "CornCup" and also "Compostable" on it. SWEET!All in all, this place is a great find and now I know why Sara B. is a regular!  I will definitely be back.
4	Thank you, yelpers, for introducing me to Cartel Coffee Lab!  It's a bit hidden, but since you suggested it as the location for our December Office Hours, I found it and fell in heavy like at first sight!In speaking with the owners, Jason and Amy, I learned that they opened Cartel in January 2008.  That means it's almost their first birthday... yay!  They offer all kinds of coffee and tea specialty drinks and use the best of the best equipment in preparing each drink.  I went with a soy latte yesterday but saw others order chai tea, capuccino, pineapple mango iced tea, etc... The cups they use for "drinking in" and those they use for "to go" are all top notch, eco-friendly, etc... the store itself is adorable and perfect for lounging, meeting a friend, working, or reading.  I took advantage of free wifi while I was there too!During the 4+ hours that I was there yesterday, Cartel stayed pretty packed.  Don't go there if you're in a rush... go if you have a few minutes to chat with the owner(s) and the regular(s) and enjoy your cup of joe.  The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that there is no food.  I think it's because they are not licensed to serve food, but the good thing is that you can bring in something if you're hungry (like a few of us did yesterday).Cartel is a winner in my book - Happy almost birthday... hope to come celebrate with you in the new year!
4	What a quaint place!  However, I thank the Lord that I came across Tori B. in front of Thai Basil after my walking past Cartel (which is tucked away from street view) about two or three times.  We've never met, and it was so cool that I had asked the right random person and get to meet a fellow yelper, too!The atmosphere made me think I was in a hangar or a warehouse, as if I stepped onto a movie set where a drug-smuggling scene is about to unfurl.  Where are the crates filled to the brim with firearms?  Haha.  Pretty nifty play on word there.I was tempted to start drinking coffee again- I've only given it up about four times now.  Decided against since I don't want to have to deal with withdrawal headaches, and I'm starting to get more sleep time again.  Instead, I had an 8 oz. cup of all-natural chai made with half-whole milk and half-non-fat milk, frothed.  Wow!  It's a good thing Cartel isn't close to where I live, or I'll be having chai more often.  Thanks to Gabi and Yelp for introducing me to this cool place!
5	I'm so happy I found you! I felt like I was on vacation while I was hanging out there, it was such a nice change from all the corporate coffee places. Really cool space, friendly owner and wonderful cappuccino.Thanks Cartel and Yelp!
4	I first went to Cartel over the summer and was impressed more with the concept then the execution. The bar was just inside the entrance, the loungey area nothing more than a couple of sofas. Plus I don't drink coffee and they didn't have much else.Went back for the Yelp Office Hours this month and am a new fan. They've moved the bar to the center of the space and the open space makes all the difference. Also have quirky art around the walls, some nice tables and the same sofas which now seem more inviting.Add free wi-fi and hot chocolate to this list of praises and I've found a new "escaping from work, but still working" place.
5	I was lucky enough to sneak away from work for December Yelp Office Hours and got the chance to hang out with some fellow Yelpers at Cartel. I fell in love with this place the moment I walked in. The decor is awesome. They have a ton of random stuff popping about, and the wide-open industrial looking space is surprisingly comfortable. They fresh brew every cup, so you have THE best possible cup of coffee you can get. Normally I opt for something fancy schmancy like a non-fat, 5 pump gingerbread latte when I hit up coffee joints, but something told me a good ol black Guatemalan cup would serve me well.. and I was correct! I am an AVID coffee drinker. I mean AVID. The Guatemalan coffee, straight-up, with no sugar, syrup, cream, etc... was THE, and I mean THE, best cup of coffee I have EVER had. Hands Down. I have since been back twice and the coffee is consistently good. In the future I hope I can try something else, but why mess with perfection????
5	I loved this place and the double-soy-cappuccino was one of the best I have ever tasted.  The Cap was made perfectly... awesome thick foam, tasty coffee, great cup (haha, srsly, the cup is great).  The inside is filled with art and has a cool vibe.  $2.50 for a double-soy-cap, not bad.  I just wish this place was closer to me, I'd be a regular.
5	Ever since I was introduced to this small and hidden place I was seriously impressed. As a Design student at ASU and a lover of coffee this place is perfect. I love the settings and the coffee. The awkward warehouse disorganization might turn some people off to this place but I hope that the coffee can speak for it. The Espresso Excelente is especially the best! Who would have thought to take a staple drink of the southwest and combine it with shot of espresso and create something so good!!!! I'm used to the Vente size and the crack head size large from Mcdonalds I wish they had this in a larger that life size to help me get my fix. ha. The best of the best and the people there are way too cool. Never had anyone explain everything in such detail before. I'm hooked and this is my Tempe spot!
5	I retract my previous statements about Cartel's ambiance. The "garage" has grown on me. Not only do I not mind hanging out here, I love it! I find myself coming back time and time again. It's a combination of the location, the baristas, and some of the best coffee in Tempe. If I could kiss you Cartel, I would. And I'd make it wet.
5	Cartel has ruined me for all other coffee, this is best coffee I've ever had. Sometimes it can take a while waiting in line, but its always worth it and the staff is always very friendly.
5	My other favorite coffee shop right up there with LUX. If it's a quality cup of coffee your seeking this is one of the best places in Phoenix. It's tough to say that Cartel may arguably be the best but it depends on how strong you like your drinks really.The ambience here is great. I have a pretty eclectic music taste but I can't always agree with some of the Barista's as DJ's. Harsh death metal one day wasn't really jiving with me in their low key transcendent environment.One of the best things about Cartel? The staff. Totally a sweet group of people. The owners are AWESOME folks and super friendly. On top of that the other folks that work there are super swell, approachable, and very friendly.As with LUX the presentation is always top notch. Make the best of your experience and ensure you request that they make your drink 'for here' and not 'to go'. Also equally impressive is the composting disposal setup. More businesses should follow in suit.
5	There's no question about it - Cartel is currently the best coffeehouse in Phoenix. For those of you serious about your coffee, Cartel doesn't disappoint. They roast their own beans from coffee plantations they've visited personally, and consistently pull the best espresso shots I've encountered in the Valley. LUX and Lola's, in comparison, are sorrowfully hit-or-miss, and other neighborhood coffeeshops like Coffee Rush, Bunna, Three Roots, Extreme Bean, Solo Cafe, and Gold Bar don't even make the cut. (Though if you're still frequenting your local Starbucks, do yourself a big favor and try out ANY independent coffeeshop in your area; you'll get the same quality or better and generally more bang for your buck.) I've been to some of the best coffeehouses in NYC and Seattle, and Cartel ranks right up there with them.The owners and baristas are fantastic; there's no pretension here. The lighting can be a bit dim, but I've studied and read comfortably in just about every corner of the place. If you're using a laptop, outlets are near the couches but relatively accessible from two of the larger communal tables. You may encounter a lot of artsy student types, but we don't bite.Coffee alternatives: Cartel brews more-than-decent tea, and makes a good cuppa hot chocolate (though you'd be better off getting the honey dark chocolate mocha, imho). Their chai isn't bad, though I secretly wish they'd brew the tea from their own spices, as LUX does. I haven't asked, but you can probably get the espresso excelente without espresso, which would mean you'd be drinking horchata (a heavenly Mexican cinnamon-rice milk concoction).Cartel is a gem. Better coffee than anywhere else in the Valley but they don't let it go to their head.
5	This really is about as good as it gets.  The coffee is really delicious, the people who work there are personable and make you feel at home, never snooty about anything and the decor is really pleasant.There's nothing to be said of this place that another yelper hasn't already said more intelligently except for this:  I leaned my bike up against a shelf, my tire slipped and bumped into said shelf, knocking an expensive, free-trade, no-war-orphans-were-maimed-or-blood-spilled to deliver you this glass type thing and it shattered on the ground. I hate being a clumsy shithead, man.  Anyway, they were cool about it... not just cool about it, they made me feel not-embarrassed.  I paid for the cup I broke and they gave me my coffee for free.  That's service.  Who does that?  If someone came into my coffee shop and broke shit I'd tell 'em to get out.Also, I like that they don't play the music there too loud.  Sometimes coffee shops have their goddamn hippie shit blaring at full volume.  Here, you can comfortably sip your coffee and nurse a hangover.The only thing that would make this place better is if they had a kitchen and served amazing breakfast.
5	This coffee is arte.  There is no place in LA or Seattle that can compare to the cup o'joe or espresso provided here.  I bought some beans and brewed at home this morning - amazing!Not the best place to work due to dim lighting, little seating, and few electrical outlets but if you want to give your taste buds a bit of heaven...
5	These people are experts in their field.  Experts.  You want quality, This place delivers.  They do not skimp on anything.  The mocha's are made with the most amazing chocolate - egads, I wish I had one now.  I wish this place was local to me - but I certainly make an effort to get there as often as I can.  Thinking about going now . . . who's up for it?
5	Cartel serves the best coffee in the valley. Period. Which makes it one of my two favorite coffee shops. Seriously, everything I have ever tried of theirs has been spot on perfection.Specifically I obsess over their brewed coffee which is made by an advanced coffee brewer (Clover) with a roast that you pick to be brewed. Obviously this is the only method for producing a supremely great cup of coffee (ie: freshly ground beans [roasted recently on-site] placed immediately into an instant coffee maker that produces one cup at a time). I have never had coffee made for me in such a caring way anywhere else. Even in other (read: better) cities I have never visited a cafe that roasts, grinds and produces the coffee in front of me. It's top notch.If you don't want a brewed coffee (you should try it, come on!) then there are some good alternatives. The Excelente Latte is a wonderfully ingenious creation that is expressively Phoenician (or I guess more appropriately Tempeian). It's more or less a latte with horchata added. Served only over ice, it's great in the summer time.Their coffee beans are all organically grown, and I assume the owner must work very hard to source the beans personally because everyone that touches them is very knowledgeable about where they came from, when they were roasted etc. That alone is impressive.Cartel as a cafe is fairly unique... Cartel's atmosphere is just okay.. I wouldn't want to spend more time here than I had to. I just can't spend that much time in a decaying strip mall which happens to be the hub of Tempe's hipster scene... it's not that I don't love hipsters, but hordes of them get old.. I tend to prefer a more diverse set of patrons.The quality coffee that Cartel offers more than makes up for anything I could fault them for.So, in summery, I recommend the brewed coffees. Once you've tried their brew then I suppose you could go for a different drink next time, which I promise will also be wonderful.
5	Can't say enough good about Catel's coffee. Expertly roasted and perfectly prepared. The place is a bit packed, but that's to be expected with the flavors coming out of that roaster. So far the best coffee I have ever had in AZ! There's some pretty close but so far Cartel takes the cake.
4	I had a delicious latte here. They say they have the best espresso maker in town, and it's kind of hard to argue. This place is hipster supreme to the max and way better than any other coffeehouse in Tempe (sorry, Gold Bar, I've betrayed you). My favorite thing about Cartel (besides the strong brew, of course)? They play damn good tunes all the time. There's no better soundtrack in the Valley. They also have art for sale that's actually affordable (and usually quite interesting). And people are nice here... what a concept. I'm glad they're into the green movement using "plastic" cups made of 100% corn. Downside: I wish they had longer hours and more comfy chairs. Those plastic fold-up chairs really suck compared to the comfy couches.
5	They sell a stimulant from South America and are called "Cartel."A joke's hiding in there, somewhere. Stopped by for the first time today. It wasn't easy to find, but that made it fun.  (Look in the BACK of the shopping center). I'm sure it's easy to miss!All I have to say about my visit is... DAMN these guys serve a great cuppa joe. One of the best I've had. Ever.
4	Tucked away just off University at Ash in an L-shaped area that is part commercial and part apartment complex.  The door and entry look like the entrance to a college classroom.  This is a seedy area with sketchy folks loitering and/or walking around, so don't take the nice car if you have one.Inside it's a mix of hippie and yuppie atmosphere with high quality coffee equipment and young clientele with more tattoos and black clothing than you'll normally see in a week.  Espresso was one of the better ones in the Phoenix area, though I didn't care so much for the custom made drip coffee.  Espresso is the highlight of visiting here.
5	We are huge fans of Cartel Coffee Lab. The Mrs. is a coffee nut so we drive all over in search of the best cup and the best beans. It is one of our two very favorite places.First of all, their coffee beans...  We are firm believers in getting beans that are locally roasted. We've subscribed to the belief that flavor is lost  as you get too far out from the roasting. Cartel roasts their own and does a ridiculous job. They do a great decaf and a number of interesting and excellent regular varietals. If you don't already buy locally roasted beans, do yourself a favor and give Cartel's a shot.As far as their in-house coffee drinks, the Cartel folk are pretty much obsessive in their pursuit of excellence. You won't find the million varieties of crazy drinks they now do in many coffeehouses but  you will find excellent drinks done by people who are serious about what they are doing. I for one, am happy to roll with their recommendations when I am there and enjoy my whole milk, leaded latte with agave syrup. They also have a Clover machine (which many say does the best brewed coffee) which does 1 cup at a time. You will also see the beans individually packaged for the clover right nearby. One of the philosophies the folks there have expressed is that you want to get the beans brewing as soon after grind as possible. They've even minimized the number of steps you have to take to do this.Cartel Coffee Lab is also a very, very cool place. It's kind of tucked away in a strip mall off University back behind Eastside Records. They've taken this industrial space and kept some of that which adds to the charm and also have put very cool local art throughout. Some of it changes which is also nice. They've also fabricated some things like the bar and space dividers which give it a neat look. Their roaster also sits out in full view. In addition to all this, they always have great music playing. Something about sitting down on one of those couches with their background music instantly relaxes me.And the last bonus for me is that with them being so obsessive about coffee, they also sell some great equipment in the front. We bought our burr grinder from them and couldn't be happier.About the only thing about Cartel that is disappointing to us is that they have recently stopped pulling decaf espresso shots. From what I understand, this happened because they switched their grinder system out for a better one. I hope at some point, they decide to grab one of their own burr grinders for sale and reverse this change.If you haven't tried Cartel Coffee Lab yet, it's a must.
5	Well.. once again I trusted you dang Yelpers and once again you've proven yourselves worthy of that trust.  I'm sitting here in Cartel now just loving the smell of roasting coffee, the ambience, the music and one heckava cup of joe..I'll be back...my kinda place..
5	Very simple...best mocha in town!   If you aren't up for that type of thing make sure you try some straight-up coffee from the Clover coffee machine...it's delicious and they offer a number of different beans to try.  Everyone who works there has been very friendly and helpful too.
5	Incredible coffee, on the same level as LUX coffee bar and perfect for people closer to the Tempe area. Go to LUX for the atmosphere and cartel for the coffee and make sure and try the Iced Toddy it was incredible!
4	Cartel is a great place to go for a good cup of joe. Okay I actually don't drink coffee but I have heard that the coffee there is amazing. They do make a mean cup of iced tea and some tasty italian sodas. The place is a little small but has really high ceilings and a really nice atmosphere for having a good chat with a friend or getting a little studying done.
4	As stated in previous reviews, their no bullshit menu is awesome. They seem to have hired the friendly hipsters that are not snobs(also one of their baristas is a mountain biker, which is nice to see in the sea of tempe fixsters). The coffee is delicious (easily rivals Lux or Orange Table). The to-go cups are environmentally friendly which makes me eager to spend my money there.Bonus: Superchuck was playing on the stereo last time I was there.
2	Apparently, I am in the minority with my opinion of this place.  While the coffee is good, it shouldn't take 20 minutes to process my order.  I don't care if they are personally flying to Columbia right after I order to hand pick the beans right before they make it...20 minutes is unacceptable. And then when I place my order, I shouldn't be insulted by the guy making it.  Yes, I asked for non-fat milk.  I didn't ask you to put Ketchup in my drink, I asked for non-fat milk.  Don't treat me like I am mentally challenged.  I weigh 165lbs, do you really think I order non-fat because I am concerned with my weight?  No business should EVER ask a customer what the point of their order is the way this dude asked me.  I want to like this place, I do.  The atmosphere and location were great, and the hot tattooed blond sitting at the counter was fun to flirt with (I think she could tell the guy annoyed me).  So for this, I will give it another shot.  A lot of the people I know rave about this place.  Maybe I just hit it on an off day.  If I get the same attitude the next time, I might drop trough mid store.
4	Cartel is a coffee world unto itself for downtown Tempe, which is void of many non-alcoholic places to hang out.  Situated in what seems to be a motel from the outside and a garage on the inside, Cartel can satiate your brass tax coffee fix and your espresso lust for reasonable prices.  The coffee is great.  Period.  They roast the beans themselves, know way too much about coffee and are proud.  The espresso, in whatever form you get it in, is rich and nutty.  The toddy (cold brewed iced coffee) is strong to the point of me jittering out the door from a small one.  The teas are various and steeped in a cool manner and timed according to their type.  The vibe can come off a little pretentious sometimes with all their rules and such, but they are selling a great product and the rules help distinguish them from the crowd.I like to hangout here for an hour every week or so, good people watching, the pretentious guy behind the counter is good to listen to if you want to hear people getting so-so advice that they didn't ask for and my professors come here so it is a good place to catch them not in work mode.My only complaint is that they need to find a way to get a bike rack closer to the door.  My only other complaint is that they could have more snacks available, I would love to dip something baked in their coffee.
5	Simply put, Cartel Coffee Lab is the vanguard of coffee shops.  This is a scaled down, bare-bones shop that has a limited drink menu, for which I am thankful.  If you are looking for a frappuccino, or some kind of blended fruit concoction, this is not the place for you; the Cartel owners are true to the coffee bean, and they are not interested in manipulating or mutilating it.Things I love about the Cartel: The chill atmosphere, the super-friendly staff, the premium coffee (obviously), and the independent feel of the place.  Side note: This is not a coffee shop built around the whims of commuters who are in a rush to get to work.  They take great care at Cartel to make a great cup of coffee, which means that it might take a few minutes to get your order.
4	My backyard playground is downtown Tempe so I was shocked to realize I had never been to Cartel Coffee. Something was amiss especially since I drink so much damn coffee and refuse to go to that one chain. You know the one: starts with a Star and ends in Bucks and the word is Starbucks. Yeah, I don't care for their product. I have one criterion when trying a new coffee shop: espresso. Espresso is truly an art form, and when done well, is almost orgasmic (almost). When that espresso shot hit my mouth, omg! Incredible! It reminded me of rich dark chocolate, the kind not ruined with sugar, but delicious as nature intended it. The espresso was so different than what I expected or have ever had before. I liked the menu for its ease and simplicity. This is a coffee shop, not some fake coffee flavored sugar based beverage shop. The beans are always fresh since they are roasted in-house. And the beans are not burnt to a crisp like some places do. (You know who I'm talking about.)The atmosphere was laid back, service was a little slow, but I wasn't in a rush. I've said it before: I don't like to feel like a number when I'm getting coffee, I don't want to feel like I'm being hurried out the door. So the slow service wasn't a negative for me.I noticed that the water line that goes into the espresso machine hangs down from the ceiling in plain view, rather than being piped up from the floor. I'm not sure why I thought that was cool, but I did. The parking lot is a little hard to navigate because it's not that big. So be aware of that. If you're looking for great coffee in downtown Tempe, this is the place.
2	Cartel is a mixed bag for me - their coffee is superb; their service is horrific.They make a fantastic cappuccino, and have great toddy. Yet I rarely go for coffee alone, and the attitude of the people working there make it so I can only go with "purists".I'm not talking about people trying to order "carmel macchiatos" or blended drinks, but people ordering things actually on their menu! I've seen customers harassed by employees for ordering a mocha, or wanting to put a pump of sugar in their cappuccino... to the point of never wanting to come back. It almost entirely rules Cartel out as a place I can take a friend or colleague for a relaxing chat.To me, a good coffee shop is a combination of quality coffee and atmosphere to enjoy it in.  Cartel does have tasty coffee, but they have been failing horribly on the rest.  I advise against coming here with anyone other than hardcore coffee purists.
4	Sitting at one end of the motel(?)-converted-strip-mall adjacent to Buffalo Exchange, finally found Cartel.  Ironically I heard a rave about it from Jeff M last year, and I'm glad I didn't have a chance to read his recent review.  I'm your typical social coffee drinker, so maybe I would of felt undeserving to grace the doors based on the flack, but my gal pal and I got no attitude what-so-ever.  In fact the blond barista definitely knew her drinks and graciously explained away.  I didn't have to worry about an order faux pas with my iced mocha, but my friend definitely didn't get any flack when she hoped for a caramel macchiato offering.  Once advised it's not a la Starbucks style, she was gently steered into an agave-flavored ice latte.  Besides both drinks being awesome, I agree w/ Jeff -- it IS about service -- and this barista hit it right on.
5	This place is simple, secret, and sexy. Yeah Sexy. And the coffee is perfect. I get the hot mocha, and i love it! Also they have art for sale, and just an all over cool feel to the place. I only found it because i was getting pierced next door at HTC. Do yourself a favor and go get a piercing and some coffee :) You'll thank me later.
5	I miss this place so much since leaving. I went there almost every day for a year, bought their coffee for my own coffee at home, and made my own toddies at home using their beans. This is the best coffe I have ever tasted. The service was always cool with me! I live in Texas now and am spoiled and can't find a good cup of coffee to save me... Best of luck Cartel, hopefully someday we will cross paths again!
2	I'm torn between the quality product and the poor service and WiFi.  The coffee is exceptional but the entry fee (getting past the flaming hoops of attitude) to get your coffee is a little high.  Now I guess I'm one of the cool kids at times (working for the man - Buring Man), but unless that comes up in conversation, most often I'm not dressed the part in my business casual and just another target for the staff.Beyond the slow service and attitude, the WiFi is crap.  They are riding a signal from a neighbor companies (Wet Paint) router.  I wish they'd get their own router and Cox connection!  Hell I'd even set it up for them, and when I suggested putting a WiFi tip jar the customers at the bar were all for it!I like the location and the product but not the service and WiFi - both things that can be fixed.
4	i needed a hip place to put together a study group at and everyone in that study group to think i was hella cool as a result. close to campus and totally a gem for those that don't know or haven't been. nice study area towards the back with the garage door open to allow for natural, eco-friendly air circulation.the line gets backed up pretty bad because they only have like one or two people working there. and everyone in there knows those people, so they get to chatting instead of pouring my americano. and questioning my capability to handle a large (4 shot) americano. i'm a fucking college student, you could probably cut my coffee with cocaine and i wouldn't notice the difference.  a large americano was $3 and tasted like pure espresso bean bliss. i put cream in it, but really, it didn't need anything. it was perfect in all of its cartel special bean ways. my friend got a soy vanilla latte which i tried and it was perfectly balanced. usually there is either too much soy, or too much vanilla, but the cartel coffee crew knows how to correctly mix and pour coffee and additives.  while service may not be there strong point, cartel keeps the doors open by serving the best espresso in town with the most urban vibe inside.
5	They have my heart with their cappuccino (not to mention the guy made a heart on top of it!!). Great decoration and a place to hang around with a good conversation, book and a tasty, aromatic cup of coffee!
3	yes, it was pert near the best damn coffee i ever had. too bad the cup didn't even get filled - i don't appreciate paying $2.75 for a diner-sized cup of coffee that's only two-thirds full. it wasn't THAT good.no, the baristas weren't too cool to take my order. quite the opposite actually. the guy who helped was awesome and genuine. after finding out it was my first trip, he explained how it all worked and invited me over to watch him make my drink. very cool.no, they don't technically have free wifi...or any wifi. i called ahead of time and was told they did. sure enough (as another reviewer already noted) they piggyback on Wet Paint's connection. after 10 minutes of messing around, the aforementioned barista helped me get online. however, it sat there for minutes trying to load any page. a bust.no food. uber hipsters as well as normal asu kids, hippies, bike geeks, tech geeks, etc.all in all i would totally come back -- when they get their own damn internet connection. (come on guys, spring the $60 a month to have the second most important thing people come to cafes for)oh, and when i said i first heard of the place thru yelp, the same barista immediately asked what i took away from all the reviews, and if i had seen the not-so-glowing reviews. i only addressed the clientele notes and quality of coffee accolades, and he went on to say they are very much aware of their yelp presence and take it very seriously. ...and i took that to mean that they care about what customers think, so keep the criticisms coming, because at least one worker cares to address and correct them. and i very much respect that.
5	Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.It's. That. Good.
5	The closest thing to a Berkeley coffee shop found. Makes me feel like I'm back to where my heart belongs :) I love you cartel!
3	I would love to stop in for some coffee but there isn't anywhere to lock up my bike. I'll keep swinging by in hopes that there will be a bike rack soon.
4	First of all, let me state that I completely love Cartel. There's only two reasons that keep me from giving them 5 stars: the difficult to find location and the crappy wifi. Honestly, if the wifi rocked, that would probably be enough for me.I call Cartel the "accidental coffeehouse". It started off as a roasting operation with a small espresso/retail component. Thanks to the ridiculously high quality of their coffee, they grew into a full-fledged coffeehouse.The coffee Cartel roasts and brews is consistently some of the best in the valley. I am in love with their Black Market Espresso, which is a favorite of mine both at the shop and in the office when I brew my own.Cartel provides all of the standard espresso beverages as well as iced toddy. However, they don't do any of the foofy blended drinks. Not only do I appreciate their commitment to classic coffee drinks, I also enjoy the freedom from hearing an insanely loud blender when I'm attempting to have a conversation.There's also a couple of less common brewing methods available at Cartel. They have pour-over brewers which brew single cups. This enables them to offer any of their beans as fresh brewed coffee. Also, they have a Clover machine, which brews single cups on demand.I do wish that Cartel served some pastries or other food, but Cartel is unabashedly committed to coffee, so I can't fault them for this.The vibe at Cartel is a great mix of bohemian eclectic, which fits their proximity to ASU's main campus. The largely windowless interior makes it a great place to take refuge from the often brutal Arizona sun and enjoy a drink or two while hanging out with friends or getting work done.Overall, Cartel is an excellent addition to the Phoenix coffee scene.
5	I put forth that we need to institute a new standard of measurement to be used for comparing coffee shops.  Furthermore, I think that Cartel Coffee Labs should use this place as a standard for this new unit of measurement.I have to assume it's called a "Coffee Lab" for a reason.  Too many coffee shops these days are retail stores, where coffee is an incidental thing in all the yelling, stupid names, and fancy colors.  If you look at the menu of Cartel Coffee Lab, there are a total of 13 items.  It's all about the coffee, plain and simple.Then again, there's really nothing simple about it to those who take their coffee as seriously as this place does.  The artistry of their baristas is not to be trifled with.  These people can make a latte so pretty, you really won't want to drink it (until you do, then you're happy you did).  On top of that, the selection of coffee varietals is impressive.  I've only tried one, but that alone was better than anything Starbucks tries to pawn off on the masses.  Perhaps the use of the term "Lab" is because they've actually stepped beyond anything any other coffee shop has done.  Either way, the formula that they came up with works better than anything I've come across before.Then again, maybe I'm being too hard on the other places.  It's not that they have an intrinsically inferior product, but the reason for these places has been lost behind t shirts and mugs and open mic nights and selling you a card containing the same money you'd use on the place anyway...I digress.  Cartel Coffee Labs is a great place with a fantastic product.  If their WiFi is weak or the back corner gets dark, I honestly don't care.  Their coffee is excellent and I'll be coming back for more.
1	Warning: Douche Bag level CODE RED!Here's how my experience went ... Me: "May I have a Carmel Latte?" Employee: "No".... dead air ...Me: "Ummm why not?"Employee: "We don't have carmel"Me: "Ummm I guess I'll just have a Cappuccino then"Employee: "Just so you know it's a REAL Cappuccino"Me: "Okay" (in my head I'm trying to figure out if I can legally punch this dickhead in the face or not).So I sat down mulling over this experience in the dank dark atmosphere while listening to this ass wipe talk to his friend about living on other peoples couches for the past few months and about how he'll be moving to downtown Phoenix soon. To which I just chuckled to myself as this person was FAR from cool enough to blend into CenPho. What a complete and utter douche bag. Stay in Tempe poser (and keep your employer there to!).This experience was months ago, and now they have opened up a shop downtown. Guess what? I'm not going to check them out. Fuck you Cartel. You'll never be Lux, so just stay in Tempe where you can be a complete poser with an attitude that you haven't earned.Complete FAIL. For my two cents, skip this place and go to Lux in CenPho/Mid Town right off the Light Rail. Authentically cool with ZERO attitude, great coffee and no douche bag employees. And as for great coffee ... try Conspire WAY better coffee and authenticly cool.---- please read "owners comment" below ... here's my response ... ----Wow so the coffee snobbery continues with the owner ... I guess my new job  should be to "promote good coffee in Arizona" ... and I don't appreciate good coffee because I enjoy the combination of caramel AND coffee ... By that definition I guess I don't know good ice cream because I like hot fudge on it or good pizza because I enjoy pepperoni AND cheese or good music if it's not acoustic or a good voice unless it's A cappella ... thanks for proving my point. I wouldn't go here unless you are a total coffee snob ... (I guess) they don't need your business you poser!
4	This might be the only truly excellent coffeeshop in the entire greater Phoenix area.  they are serious about their coffee and don't screw around, so you should want that if you are going to go.  I understand how it might not be your scene if you just walked in the door.  I went on a mission to find this place while in town briefly, had a great dry cap, left very satisfied.
5	the thing i like about this place this the quality. this is the only place in az i've been to that has a coffee selection that would still qualify it as an elite coffee shop in cal and the northwest. i've been going to cartel since a week after it opened and its gotten a lot busier since then and so sometimes there is a wait. some employs are not very knowledgeable, but many are quite knowledgeable. the prices are ridiculously cheap. i don't think they serve a cup of coffee that is more than 4 dollars. the espresso is also delightful.i have to say the one thing cartel does better than any coffee shop i have been to is make an iced coffee. most nice coffee shops either don't serve an iced coffee or serve it without much care. the iced toddy at cartel is extremely delicious. of course, the hot coffee and espresso are still the stars of the place, but the ice coffee is probably the most unique part of the cartel experience.recently (within the last 6 months) they have expanded the seating considerably, added lots of outlets, and improved the wifi. so, its a really easy place to plug in your laptop now.
1	The coffee is great but the service is TERRIBLE! Waited 25 minutes as 4th in line because the barista is chatting to his peeps and going slower than a slug in ice. The counter crew needs to lose the attitude and realize good service is what keeps customers. There are other great coffee shops like Lux and Drip in Phoenix. I will not go back to Cartel.
4	I am not a huge coffee drinker, in fact I never drink plain coffee.  But, I have been wanting to go here since reading an article in the New Times a few years ago about the Clover machine, and how this place was one of the few places in the country that had one before Starbucks bought the manufacturer and ended the sale of the machine. Fast forwards to today:  I finally went to grab a bag for my girlfriend and roommate.  I hate the smell of crappy coffee being made in the morning and how it infects my entire house.  I can tolerate and even enjoy a nice bean.  After 3 or 4 trips in the area at night without the actual address, I came up empty handed because there is no sign on the street and it is hidden behind another building.  Finally I wrote down the address and managed to find it during the day.  First impression:  There is a magnetic field that attracts a disproportionate amount of dirty ass, homeless-looking, transient-type folks.  If I owned the joint I would call in an exterminator and mobile pet groomer.  Spray pesticide on them to kill the fleas, and give them a full-service pet grooming which should include de-matting, shearing, a shampoo, tick collar, nail trim, and an ear cleaning.  My dog held his nose walking by these people.  Maybe they have a must-have-showered-within-the-last-week rule for indoors because the clientele seemed more hygienic.  Minimal decorations, and it is very clear that they are not going to wow you with glitz, glam, christmas cd's or sizes that mean large in 3 different languages.  Unlike many people on here, I actually was helped by a very friendly gentleman (w/ dreds).  He helped me choose a bag, and get me a drink to go.  I went iced latte to go (it was warm out) and got a Guatemalan bag for the coffee drinkers in the house.  My latte was unsweetened and quite tasty.  They have some very primitive-looking coffee brewing techniques and machines which are pretty cool.  All employees had a smile on their face, engaged in some small talk with a few people and promptly made my drink in a few minutes.  I don't know if they canned all the snotty employees or seeing someone that is 6'4" brings out their nicer side.  I can only speak of my experience and it was short and sweet.I would like to comment on  the most snotty-douche-y review I have ever read.  Note to Phoenicians, if you use the word CenPho, you are exhibiting tool-like behavior.  End of discussion.  If you look down your nose and say that a certain establishment does not belong in said CenPho because it isn't cool enough to be around you, you are moving towards the extreme side of the tool spectrum.  If you have to use profanity in a review you can add the title of tasteless.  My hunch is they saw Mr. Lord of Culture coming from a mile away.  You stay in CenPho and let us folks stay in a city and area without the need for catchy nicknames.  Oh yeah, the word poser died in the 90s, catch up.  Someone as trendy as you should know that.
5	"Best Coffee I have ever had." This was the remark from a friend whom I took to Cartel for the first time today.The place has attitude and is willing to call a customer out. Something I would love to do more than I can. If you want Caramel, or Vanilla, or a Milk Shake, or a Burrito, or Cotton Candy you need to go somewhere else. This is a Coffee shop.They roast their own beans so they are fresh and tasty.
5	The barista warned me as I ordered that I was about to start an addiction. Two lattes and a hot green tea later, I am realizing the gravity of his premonition.Cartel Coffee Lab has to be one of the coolest spots in Tempe. It is appropriately named as a place that would foster an addiction, and addicted I now am. It has the definite feel of an old warehouse. It is dimly lit, has high, exposed rafters and cooling vents, a concrete floor, and a usable garage door at the back. The layout is great, with a bar, several couches, and a good number of tables fully wired with plugs for the mac or pc-wielding crowd. It's a funky place, very urban; the main room is separated by an art installation made of bike tire rims. Cartel seems to attract a hugely eclectic group of patrons, from unbathed hipsters to ASU students to very cool coffee snobs. I sat next to the most interesting man, definitely a regular, and learned that he owns the old flour mill on Mill Ave! He also shared the most delicious almond cookie with me, baked by his father. Very cool. Yes, the coffee. The coffee and espresso are fantastic. People complain that the service is slow, but calmatevi amici, they are making the valley's best coffee, to order, and that takes time! Their beans are direct trade, roasted in house. Try the espresso - it's perfect. Regular coffee fan? They use the Clover, a single serve machine that makes every cup special, just for you. They will alternatively use this awesome manual system with paper filters to drip your coffee nice and slow. I like that they make you commit - large or small - and they keep their menu very simple, so you'll need to get your vanilla lattes elsewhere.  Their default milk is whole (so good), from a local organic farm - and so remember to ask for skim if you are watching that waistline. The baristas are super cool and friendly, and gave me a great welcome. Cartel is my new favorite caffeine haven. Thank you friend of a friend for the recommendation - I am a convert, and have definitely found my Tempe fix for a great, independent coffee house. I may have a hard time going anywhere else! (Don't worry Lux, you're still my first love, I promise.)
3	I'll preface this review by stating that I'm not a coffee drinker. I depend on coffeeshops to provide me a chill place to relax and read a book while sipping a hot cocoa or the like.With that in mind, I'm okay with Cartel, but not enamoured with it.  The drink choices for folks like me who don't drink coffee are fairly limited and more expensive that I'd prefer, but tasty enough to not raise my ire.  I'm okay with the layout of the place, but feel like the couches are in an area that's too busy to allow someone to relax.  I'm also not wild about the music selections, but I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to my grooves, so I won't hold that against them.If I was making the calls, I'd move or just add more couches/chill area to the back and spend some quality time researching acid jazz for the sound system to create a place with real soul.
4	I love this place. The first time I came in here, I had never had a latte, except at crappy (Starbucks) or mediocre (Xtreme Bean) shops. When I took the first sip, I knew this was a whole different drink. A grin spread across my face as I got first a touch of light airy foam, then rich milk, and finally the smooth taste of the espresso. I thought I would get used to this, but I've been going there for nearly a year, at times almost every morning, and no matter what I get from there, it puts a grin on my face (except the agave latte, I can't believe people drink that). Even the non-coffee-snobby drinks like the vanilla latte, the chai or the mocha are brilliant. I don't go in as often as I used to now, because I buy their beans and make my coffee at home, mimicking their setup as best as I can.As far as the service, yes it's true, there is some times a bit of attitude, but quite honestly, you're paying a little more to get a skilled person to make you a delicious drink of the caliber you can only get at a select few places in the valley. If you want a fake-smiling robot who doesn't know how to pull a shot, go to Starbucks. If you want a real human barista who will learn your name and your drink, and yes, maybe mock you a little bit for being a phillistine (and we all are sometimes), then Cartel is the place for you.The only reason I only give it 4 stars is that they don't serve food. I think they said it's because they don't have a food license at this location or some such (and it might be kind of small for a cafe anyway), but it really would be nice to be able get something to eat here too.
3	First impressions: Why am I in someone's garage?Another psuedo-industrial "underground" decor coffee shop. Meh.Is there some rule against having nice furnishings in order to be "edgy"?Chairs and tables were functional but cheap. Molded plastic/fiberglass type chairs with metal legs, the kind of thing you'd expect in an "institutional" cafeteria from the 1970's.Slooow! One person in line in front of me and it took nearly ten minutes to get my order taken. I'm more sympathetic to waits *after* my order has been taken, that way my bad hip and I don't have to stand in queue.The drink came up quickly. They use the Monin brand chocolate syrup which (after trying at several different shops) I have decided is crap.That said, the underlying coffee was smooth and very tasty! There was no metallic taste, which confirms my suspicion about the water at another shop that uses Cartel's roast.Polite order taker and Very nice crema art by the barrista.I'll have to try this location again for a drink without chocolate.
4	Since I had some poor customer service experiences at Cartel, they've really made an effort to improve. There is still some snark, but I haven't seen any rudeness in a long time. They're making a definite effort to educate or work with customers.Their coffee has always been top notch, and if they continue to develop the service side of the equation they are going to be solidly one of the best coffee shops in town.
4	Be warned, the coffee is so much better than what they serve at Starbucks that it may change your perception of what is "good" coffee forever. I remember when it first opened and Amy (of Jason and Amy who own the place) talked to me about how her husband travels to where they buy the beans and then how they roast them by hand, and how well roasted beans produce a much more complex flavor other than burnt (yes, a reference to Starbucks) and she was right! By the way, Cartel is also a great place to people watch. Always seems to be an interesting group of people either behind the counter or just hanging out and as someone else mentioned....lots and lots of Macintosh laptops. I have to admit, I usually stop there on my way back from lunch so I don't hang out to much but I did notice they re-organized how they are set up to provide more tables and a more functional flow to the ordering and then picking up of the coffee (continued improvement is the hallmark of a good small business).Oh, and you can also buy the coffee there for home use or for gifts. I liked the coffee so much I bought a french press and coffee grinder to make it home and for the holidays, it is a great gift for my fellow coffee drinkers in other parts of the country. Give a bag of cartel coffee and a bottle of Queen Creek olive oil and you have the perfect local gift that helps the economy and will delight your friends who are not lucky enough to live in Arizona (at least when it is not summery, then they may the lucky ones).Oh, my own side story. When Amy and Jason first started their business I remember they had bought what I think is called the "Cloverleaf" coffee making machine. Quite expensive for a small company (several thousand dollars) but it makes the best possible cup of coffee. Well, Starbuck's bought the company that makes that machine a short time later and I was like "uh-oh" but Starbuck's continues to struggle and i see the Cartel owners are now opening their second location downtown. Viva la small-business! :-)=================Update - heard from the Barista that Amy just had her baby this morning, congrats on the new addition to the family Jason and Amy!=================
4	This is a very trendy and comfortable coffee house. I spent hours their today and it was my first time in. The menu is nothing but the basics, lattes, espresso, mocha, and fresh brewed to order cups of coffee. It's unique because they brew each cup of coffee when you order it. It doesn't sit in a coffee still for hours waiting to be pored then consumed, so in other words the coffee never tasted "burnt." If you have some time to kill and need a creative place to sit then stop in.
5	Questionable choice of location and aforementioned snarkiness aside, try Cartel if you *heart* coffee, and I seriously doubt you'll have a negative experience.  I had the pleasure of discussing the beans with one of the owners/managers and got no attitude, yet it turned into a lengthy discussion about single-source coffees and roasting/grinding/brewing standards.  These guys simply love their coffee and are on a mission to share the good stuff with their customers.  Gotta love it.That said, I can't help but laugh at the story about the caramel cappuccino -- and yeah, I'd probably react the same way.  While I was fortunate to want nothing more than the traditional cup of joe, I did smile at one of the many snarky cardboard signs off to the side of the counter that read something like, "To avoid ridicule and disappointment, please refrain from ordering a mocha."  Hey, just because it's a coffee shop doesn't mean that they need to offer the same exact formulaic menu as others in the business.For what it's worth, this is the only stuff we drink at home now, after trying it first at the PHX Public Market, and then in a gift basket from ZonieBaskets.  I will hopefully never again buy the bulk stuff from Costco/TJ's, which was once my naive preference.
1	I'm actually really sad to write a bad review of Cartel.  I recently fell in love with their coffee and the atmosphere, but after my experience there today, I can honestly say I'd rather spend my money somewhere else.So, like many people, my girlfriend and I have our "usual" drink....a large, iced, soy latte with honey, where the honey is on the bottom of the cup and the espresso shots are used to melt the honey before the soy and ice are added.  It makes for a truly delicious drink, and Cartel has served me really amazing versions over the past month or so, including 2 days ago, up until today.My girlfriend ordered our drinks, and after she paid, the barista told us that "they don't put honey in the lattes".  We were confused by this and explained that we've had the drink on many occasions.  He asked us where we've had it.  Quite condescendingly.  I got a little sassy and explained that we've had it here, at Lola, at Lux, and we even used to make our own at the Fair Trade Cafe since both of us used to be baristas there.The barista at Cartel literally refused to make the drinks we paid for saying that he could add vanilla or hazelnut, but that "honey doesn't make our coffee taste good."  Excuse me?  My girlfriend even offered to pay extra for the honey, yet they still refused to give us what we asked for.  Having made the drink myself, I know it's not difficult or annoying to make, and I was really irked by his attitude.We settled for vanilla flavor, and after the first sip, decided we wouldn't be coming back to the establishment.  Thanks a lot, Cartel.  Best of luck.
5	Best...Iced Chai....EVER! As soon as I am done drinking it I immediately want another! Its heaven in a cup
5	Ok, this place has THE BEST coffee I have ever tasted.  Bottom Line.  I didn't get the "everyone is required to wear skinny jeans" vibe that a previous reviewer stated, so I would definitely give this place a try before writing it off.  If you love coffee, this place is not to be missed.  And I am not talking about the "Venti Chocolate Chip Frap" type of coffee.  If you like drinks like that then this place is not for you, but if you love the idea of each cup of coffee being made specifically for each customer and supporting an establishment that is truly passionate about their product, than check this place out.
5	Well done, Cartel.  Well done!I am in town for business, and needed a cup of coffee that is nearby.  Not having a rental car, I needed something within walking distance of my hotel ... who knew I would luck out and find this hidden gem so close! Not only was I very glad that I didn't have to fall back on my "safety cup" (SBUX - also nearby.  After all, when aren't they?) but I was very pleased with both the quality of the coffee as well as the friendliness of the barista.  (She happily shared that she and her sister had just returned from a barista competition in California and came back with not only some new tricks she was eager to try out, but a new-found love for her job.  Passion like this is rare, and I firmly believe is the secret ingredient to a successful cup of coffee).My drink of choice is an americano with an extra shot, some cream and a couple raw sugars. (I know, I know... but hey, I like what I like!) That being said, it's also a risky choice. If the grind isn't right, I can often get stuck with an extra strong cup of undrinkable sludge.  My fears were quickly laid to rest as I took that first wonderful sip... Eureka!  Amazing.  The only knock I would say is that they have the simple syrup for sweetening instead of granulated raw sugar (which is my preference). But, you know what?  That's the beauty of their shop... they do it their way. And the other thing?  While I was waiting for the bottle of syrup to be refilled, I snuck a sip without sweetener, and quickly realized I didn't need any sugar. It was silky smooth and wonderfully full flavored all on it's own (the way, I imagine, it's supposed to be, right?).  About the time I realized I no longer needed any sugar, she brought out the new bottle... and while feeling bad for making her go through the trouble for me, I passed on the sweetener and enjoyed the cup the way it was: perfect.  (I did pretend to put a couple pumps into the cup so she wouldn't feel like she did that for nothing.)The atmosphere has a cool urban industrial vibe to it, and it really works.  The only bummer is that it was somewhat hidden and hard to find (nothing that pacing up and down University for a few minutes with my iPhone didn't fix, though).  But like wine is better for the struggle the grapes have to go through in the dry environment, this coffee tastes better because of the sense of adventure in finding it. Okay, now that may be a bit of a stretch, but it was definitely worth the little extra bit of effort to find it.  I really like the name as well.  We all talk about caffeine as a drug, and the hardcore coffee drinkers (like myself) are addicted and willing to suffer less than ideal cups of "coffee" just to get our fix and avoid the dreaded headaches. So in a way, your barista is like your dealer... and their supplier?  The place they get their "stuff"... a cartel.  Brilliant.All in all, this is a great joint and I look forward to the next four mornings here in town, because I know where I'm getting my fix...
4	4.5 Stars...and at least 10 beards.Ahh, nothing like a hip campus joint to make me regret the fact that I have to shave on a regular basis.  Fortunately, my longing to scrap my razor was distracted by the great coffee.  The space is small but cool and it's always reassuring to see the roaster on site.When a place makes a latte this good (I mean so good that when you finish you just need to come back for another -- add Lux to that list), you don't mind waiting a little longer and having the time to wonder how you should have bought that Apple stock and maybe kept some of your 90's flannel -- and hey, tomorrow is Sunday, so I don't have to shave!
5	:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::First off let me say that if your giving a poor review cause you had to wait for a few minutes, or if your barrista seemed aloof? pump the breaks a bit! dont be so sensitive or zee germans will get ya!do we really wanna trash a place's street cred cause your feelings were hurt? c'mon grow up and realize its about the product man!Personally i disagree with the likes of that douchecake. (see below). I LOVE Cartel!the baristas are all top notch, friendly, fast, and coolthe owners ( J. & A.) couldn't be more nice and sociable*i truly appreciate when people can remember your name, esp. if your going there every other day*Been coming here for about two years now and its honestly the best coffee shop in Tempeonly gripe is that it seems like the hipster olympics are being held there now!  lately i can barely breath between all the anemic brats in keffiyahs and toms shoes fiddling on the mac booksi would recommend it; but dont go cause there wont be any room for me!
4	really give it 3.5 stars.to qualify myself, i'm not a fanatic but i refuse to drink bad coffee. i'd rather go for a red bull if i'm that desperate for caffeine. so while i'm no expert, i guess i'm a snob.coffee was very good, but not mind-blowingly orgasmic per most of these reviews.in town for work. always like to find a good alternative to S.bucks when i can. this definitely qualifies.had an Americano. very bold and pretty smooth. came in around 10a during on a weekday. moderately crowded, but pretty good set-up for working.wi-fi was totally fine. so overall the coffee was good and the place/people were fine and totally unremarkable. not sure what the fuss is about either way.
5	If you believe in karma and visited Cartel Monday (3/29) and left your iPod (you know the make and model if you really did)... just ask the barista and they should be holding your mobile jukebox.  I believe in karma and in return from my good deed, I received a 5 star experience coffee experience.Man, this is a great place to come sit, sip, and vibe.  Tonight I went with the Americano with a Mocha to go for the wife.  Both are stellar drinks and I picked up a bag of the Black Market Espresso to try at home.As for the sitting, there are a few tables in the front for you to get some one on one time, 2 couches which are fairly comfy and then a lot of cafeteria like arrangements, so if you are a little shy, then grab a cup to go.  I would recommend coming in and feeding off the vibe.  They usually have some form of good music whether it is the speakers or a live DJ.  It is a very industrial feel inside, but the energy is amazing.  It is also one of the best cups of joe I have experienced in the valley (whether drinking in or taking out).  The coffee has bold rich flavors and it is roasted right there onsite.  If you are in during roasting hours, then that just adds to the overall experience.Overall it is a very hip indie vibe and my new hot spot while the wife is in her night classes.  Man, this is a great place....oh and don't forget to check your pockets for your iPod.
4	Cartel Coffee Lab = True Coffee Artistry.  Which means it serves one of the best cappuccinos I've ever had (visually, texturally, tastefully) however; it took quite a wile to get.  There seems to be one barista at a time and the person at the register will help with the cold drinks so if you're short on time I (dare I say it) go to the big chain.  PS they do have free wifi now ...
5	The iced toddy is the best in town, I love the fact that they have soy creamer. Today I went in to find they now have pastries from Essence. The barista talked me in to a chocolate filled croissant, it was probably 1200 calories and absolutely delicious.
5	Killer Cappuccino.  Not exactly sure why, but think its the beans used(they roast their own),  the coffee/water ratio and the creamy dense topping that I was told is milk, not cream. This place takes its coffee seriously.  NYT's had an article few months ago about NYC coffee shops improving their coffee: each cup made to order, no espresso's or capuccino's to go, foamed milk done per cup (vs prefoamed in big container), ideal espresso/cap ratios(no skimping on espresso grinds) etc.  The Cartel's coffees are as good or better than any I used to go to in NYC.
4	My husband and I have been stopping here on the weekends recently.  The staff is always super friendly and their drinks are great.  I've never like coffee.  Ever.  I've tried it a couple times throughout my life and it's just never done it for me, so I've always been a tea girl.  THEN, my husband and I went to Cartel one day and while he was tending to our toddler, I went to put some cream in his iced coffee.  I had a little bit of an overflow dilemma, and there were no towels or any potential clean up devices in sight.  So I was forced to take a sip to prevent the spill... and I was shocked and pleasantly surprised that I actually LIKED the coffee!  It wasn't bitter or nasty at all.  Very smooth and delicious, and creamy because of, well, the cream.  My poor husband only got to drink about half his coffee that day, and then deal with me being wired for the next few hours.The usual tea I get there is always great, too.  I've only tried one so far, the black mango pineapple (or something along those lines) and it's delish!  Mildly sweet and fruity, extremely yummy.  I like the way the interior is designed, with bike tires and interesting photos on the walls.  My toddler loves to look around and inquire about what everything is.  There's never been a long wait and we've been there at different times on weekend mornings.  Early-ish, and later towards the afternoon.  Never overly crowded, never empty.  We'll be back again and again because now I'm hooked on their iced coffee.  It only took 27 years.
5	They don't sell coffee here, they sell drinkable art.
5	This place is strange in all the right ways.It's strange how it's located on the ground floor of what looks like a Motel 6.It's strange that you can get an incredible and beautiful cappuccino in the middle of the desert.It's strange that they don't make flavored coffee and don't have an ounce of caramel on hand.It's strange they source all of their own green beans, roast them in house, and never in the French style.It's strange how the seem to actually have a lab a few doors down in the "motel".It's strange that even though I've only been once, I love this place and everything about it.I am so happy that I made this one of my first stops during my visit to Tempe.  Now I can go every morning and try the rest of their offerings.And that is strange.  Because in one visit they have won me over to the point where I am not even interested in trying the other coffee places in town.  If that doesn't deserve 5* I don't know what does.
5	I'm noticing a trend in my recent reviews. Caffeine!Best mocha I've had.... bar none. Of course I still love Miss Lola and Lux but if Cartel were closer to home (or the downtown location was open on Sunday) I'd be here all the time.The wait is long no matter what time you come. Stop whining. Deal with it or go to Starbucks so I don't have to wait so long.The decor is cool, the location is hidden and there is an abundance of chicks with mullets and dudes with neck beards, neither of which bother me. I had a strange verbal exchange with a barista that left me confused but I think that was due to my foggy Sunday morning state. I haven't experienced the snarky attitude that others have made mention to....and I'm pretty in tune with that sort of thing. Some would say overly so.One more thing worth mentioning is that the music is at a decibel level that it's not a nightmare trying to hold a conversation. (take note Lux) As a matter of fact, I could hear the hilariously awkward conversation next to me. That's always fun...
5	I still have no idea how I've lived within walking distance of this place for years and never heard about it.  This place is in a very odd location and is pretty hidden if you aren't staring at it or happen to be walking past as was the case with the wife and I.I haven't been in tons of coffee houses in my day, but this one is probably the coolest one I've seen yet.  The place is very laid back and pretty unique.  There is a giant coffee roaster thing towards the back which looks like an antique (I think) that they still use to roast all their coffees.  I would venture a guess and say there aren't many places around that use such a machine so that is neat.  Actually I am really not that into the coffee scene so I really have no idea.  I just know that the place is pretty cool.  Could use more big comfy couches though.I ordered an iced sugar free vanilla late and it was excellent.  The quality of their coffee really shows as it is strong and flavorful but not too overpowering.  My wife had a standard coffee with one of their super special limited-quantity roasts.  She loved it because she is a coffee snob but I thought it was just ok.  We also picked up a bag of their coffee to take home and it smells delicious and I can't wait to brew it.Anyway, this is a great little independent coffee shop with excellent service and a very relaxed atmosphere.  Tempe is lucky to have it and all coffee snobs out there should definitely give it a shot.
4	This place is great!  I'm definitely looking to head back here soon.  I think it's really funny how the reviewers talk about snobby barristas - there's definitely an attitude but those reviewers need to work on their self-confidence because it's actually pretty funny.  There's nothing like ordering a non-fat latte and hearing, 'next time you really need to order it with at least 2%, none of that skim bull****.'  So true and so enlightening!Skim or no skim the latte was bomb and I'm really pumped to go back for more.  Prices are reasonable, and the place has almost a warehouse type vibe going on, with plenty of seating for all of the iPad-toting workaholics.One last tip - the place is super tough to find, it's behind the little Ash strip mall that has Pollo Supremo in it.  I'll definitely be back!
2	A couple of old students and friends of mine suggested this place to me.  I decided to stop in on a Saturday morning.  I was the only person in the place when I walked in.  The two employees were very nice and the place has a cool vibe.  Unfortunately, they gave me a sour shot in my Americano.  A friend of mine wants to meet me there for coffee early next week before he moves to China.  Maybe I'll re-review this place after I give it a second chance.  It's too bad the coffee was bad.  It seems like a nice place otherwise.
1	Yesterday afternoon I stopped into Cartel with a friend of mine to give them a second chance.  When we arrived the place was packed and loud.  I ordered a decaf Americano, which they couldn't do because they were out of decaf beans.  I consider this a major failure by the management.  I've never had this happen at any of the really good coffee places around town.  I ended up settling for an iced tea and my friend and I sat down and talked for a bit.  We ended up chatting with one of the other patrons for a while, but eventually ended up cutting our stay short because the place was so incredibly loud and there were some kids running around the place that were getting on our nerves.  I think the acoustics aren't very good in there and it seems like everyone's conversation gets amplified and thrown right in your face.  Rather than yell, we just gave up and moved on.  I have a feeling that Cartel will eventually end up being a great place, but based on my experience they need to work on their consistency.  The employees have seemed nice both times I've been there, but pouring a sour shot is unacceptable and so is running out of beans.  If they work on training their barristas and get their logistics together I am sure Cartel will eventually be a great place.  A little work on the acoustics of the place couldn't hurt, either.I probably would have given them two stars, but we couldn't think of where to go after fleeing from Cartel and ended up at Starbucks.  For that, you get one star.
4	Though my prior complaints about their hours still stand, I've been back enough times that I felt the need to elaborate on my previous review.First, Cartel makes what is, in my opinion, the best cappuccino in Arizona.  It's simply perfect and they serve it in the traditional size and fashion.  If you are a member of the weight-loss crowd, this one is not for you since they don't offer sugar-free syrups or skim milk.  But believe me, this one is worth the calories.Next, you will likely have to contend with the crowd.  During the school year, Cartel stays pretty full of hipsters toting their macbooks and self-aware ironic t-shirts.  Nonetheless, I advise you to wade through the horn-rimmed glasses and men in women's jeans, at least once, and try the best cappuccino in Tempe.
5	I love Cartel. I work within 1 mile of Cartel, so I stop in there probably 2-3 times per week on average. The staff is always very friendly, even when they are slammed with customers. Sometimes the order line gets a bit backed up, but it because Cartel takes the time to make good coffee. I highly recommend Cartel for coffee lovers.
5	I can't believe I haven't yelped about the place yet. Several months (maybe over a year?) ago my husband read a newspaper article about the Clover coffee maker and the one place in town that had managed to procure one. I was skeptical (as is my nature). It can't be that much better right? You're just saying it's amazing because you want to talk about the new hot coffee shop you discovered, right? Well, maybe. But I love this place. And I don't think it has a whole lot to do with the Clover. They roast their own beans and they roast them way differently than that other ginormous coffee chain - all a light or medium roast. Never bitter, never oily, never yucky. The coffee they make there is, obviously, the best. But I send my husband in every week now to buy a pound of beans so that I can approximate the same coffee at home. Add an edgy (though sometimes intimidating) seating area, great local art (which we bought off the wall), and smiley service...I'm sold. Can't wait to try out the downtown location.
5	The hype is justified. This. Is. Coffee.
5	Walk over to Cartel at least 3 times a week from work and love it. My office sits right in between a Starbucks and Cartel. I don't even hesitate to move towards Cartel. The coffee is extremely superior. The atmosphere is perfect to bring a laptop and get some work done as well.
4	I've been here a couple of times to meet up with friends. It's my prefer indie coffee shop when I'm in Tempe. The coffee tasted awesome. The cups are big and prices about average. Tasted fresh, balanced, and wholesome.  The girl that works the counter would take the time to explain how they make the coffee and suggest which flavor would suit my taste .The decor I thought was imaginative. The use of bike parts as a partition to keep the laptop users in the way back.. They have comfy sofas to lounge and talk. Plenty more tables in the front. The place overall was unique and clean. The music plays in the background, although a bit loud where it's tough to hold a conversation.Most of the customers tend to be ASU aged students and the crowds are here for multiple purposes; totally non-threatening . This place also is difficult to locate as it is off the main road Universirty and tight and limited parking can be difficult.On where it counts; the coffee, and a nice place to sit just for a while. This place keeps me coming back while I'm in Tempe .
4	Grabbed a small latte (average priced) from Cartel this morning before class and had a pretty great experience. I arrived just before a small rush, so the wait was non-existent. I was unsure if they took cards, but the nice guy at the register responded cordially when I asked and after a little confusion about what size I wanted (I hate you Starbucks for ingraining tall as a size in my brain), my latte was being crafted. I do not use the term crafted flippantly, the young woman who made my latte knew what she was doing. The proportion of steamed milk to espresso was just right and the heart shaped image in the crema was immaculate. The only negative aspect of the experience was the shoddy bike rack I had to lock my bike to, but I'm not sure there's much the Lab can do about that.Nice staff, nice atmosphere and great coffee. I'll be back.
4	Grabbed a coffee here today with a couple friends. Had an "Iced Toddy", which is their iced coffee. It was fabulous! Cool atmosphere. I loved the decor and local art. Will definitely stop by next time I am in Tempe and have a craving for some coffee. :)
5	Love this place. Toddy is fantasimoso, atmosphere is way too cool for me, staff is friendly and remember you. For something different try a Dirty Iced Chai Tea, which is also amazirocking. +1 for free wifi, parking can be difficult, if you are cool ride your bike.Update: I've fallen in love with black coffee because of this place. Thanks Cartel for my new obsession.
5	It doesn't look it from the outside, but Cartel is the hippest coffeshop in the desert. They roast their own beans to perfection, and brew up an amazing cup of joe--wait for it--on a customer-by-customer basis. That's right. No nasty metallic drip sitting on some heater from this place. It's all real, baby. And I want it all.If that weren't enough, the decor puts my San Francisco roots to shame. It's industrial and gritty, yet refined and academic. Comfy couches, minimalistic tables, stuff made of metal, and recycled bike wheels. It says "we do coffee real good, but that don't make us douches."
5	Okay, here's how bad it is...My husband and I went to Cartel in December/January ONCE during a visit to AZ for the holidays and nine months later (today), I saw an art website that mentioned exhibiting in the Cartel Coffee Lab...and not really one to remember places like coffee shops, this was one we couldn't forget!   It was the kind of place we wish we had in our neighborhood.  The coffee is amazing, it's smooth, rich, and delicious.  Yes, they're a bit noisy, yes, they're fussy about what they serve but that can be a good thing, right?  Especially if the standards are high.  And, yes, it's hard to find.  But, yes! they have wireless.
5	Oh Cartel. I've had quite the love affair with their iced agave latte ever since a friend of mine introduced it to me. It's always been a great place to go and work when you need to get out of the office, I feel like everytime I'm there I see a few people I know. If you haven't tried this place definitely give it a shot. I know I'll miss it.
5	I would like to preface this with one statement: my love of Cartel is ferocious. I am at the HTC Body Piercing around the corner semi-often and every time I somehow end up at Cartel, waiting patiently for my regular order of a large iced Chai soy latte. It tastes like there's a wee dance party taking place on my tongue. I've ordered the same thing many a time at many a cafe and no one's is as delicious. I've never had a problem with the wait or the staff, they're always beyond polite and are almost always hilarious. Or at least act like I am, which will get one far. I love that they roast their own beans, take the time to help me decide whether or not to mix up my order, and that I always leave caffinated and with a smile.
1	I don't see the hype. It seems like a hipster hangout.There is no carmel macchiato.The services was not top notch.wasted 6 bucks.......its a shame
5	This is truly a hidden gem in the valley. It looks like a small little shop from the outside but when you enter you're greeted by the amazing smell of coffee and much much more room then you couldve ever imagined. The coffee itself is amazing and the staff is awesome. I'll never go to Starbucks again!
4	I walked here from Tempe Center for the Arts for a coffee during a break in the dress reharsal for Breaking Ground this weekend.Very comfortable vibe, engaging barristas.Truly excellent coffee.I wish there were a place to sit outside though.Instead, I drank mine while walking back to TCA.Don't get to do that often enough in this Valley.I'll be back to Cartel whenever I want sit-in coffee.
5	I just wrote a review on another coffee shop citing what my five star criteria are - I figure I better give an example also - this is it.Excellent green sourced coffee (they have CoE - cup of excellence varieties available) is roasted and prepared by skilled Baristas right there in the shop.  A variety of single origin and blend bags of beans are for sale - all with roast dates printed on the bags.  Both drip and espresso brewing methods are given the attention to detail that a coffee snob would give at home - and in the end, all the finished products have the quality, variety, and complexity of flavors that excellent coffee should have.My only complaints would be;  1) They prefer to source all their beans from latin america (my guess is due to locality) - would be nice if they had some Ethiopian and Indonesian varieties as well (just some different notes), and 2) A less than a pound (I believe it's 12oz) bag of CoE beans sells for about $18 / bag (with tax) right now - pretty steep, although I calculate it's that's still only about $1 / cup at home.Lastly, concerning ambience and service - I don't grade on these factors unless they are significant detractors - and they are definitely not at the Cartel.  However, I will say, I think the complaints about service by other yelpers are unwarranted - this is a shop that caters to coffee snobs and casual drinkers / students alike.  If they tell you that you're ordering real --fill in cup here-- and not --fill in sugared up chain drink here--, that's to try to convey what you're getting so as to not disappoint your whipped-cream loving desensitized pallette (they're doing you a favor).  I personally love the frank and very informative interaction I get with the Baristas at Cartel - I wouldn't trade it at all for the fake bubbly attitude and 25 pieces of flair you get at one of the chains.
3	The best thing about this place is the surprise of seeing what lies inside this dingy strip mall.  When you open the door you'd never expect how they've done it up inside.  It looks great!  On atmosphere alone I'd give this place at least 4 stars, it's a grunge/modern/artsy hang out...pretty cool.The coffee on the other hand was not really my favorite.  They roast their own beans, which is awesome, but they have a different flavor that I wasn't really a fan of.  The portions are also pretty small.  All in all, I'd probably go back and try it again if I was in the area, maybe a different drink next time though.Thanks for being unique!
4	One of the best lattes around! I wish it wasn't so crowded all the time. A cute hub with fun decor.
5	This place reminds me of Seattle. The coffee is very good and the decor is nice and feels like a 'real' coffee house, not a starbucks (ugh). I also like how it looks like it is going to be so small from the outside and when you walk in it is quite large with plenty of seating. I have been here a few times and the coffee is always good and the service is also good. The people who work here seem to know about coffee.
3	felt old, loved the smell of the place.  great artwork on the walls.  good business.  it was hidden behind stores that faced the main street, thanks GPS.  the coffee was great.  and not overpriced.  good coffee places are always something to look for.  this makes the short list.
5	This place serves the second best coffee I've had in the United States, behind Cafe Vivace in Seattle. They have forgotten more about making espresso than most people will ever know. Some people will complain that they can't get their favorite mint mocha caramel skinny soy latte here, or that they won't let them ruin a cappuccino by sucking it through a hole in a to-go cup, but this is not the coffee shop for that kind of person.  Cartel is not Burger King. It's not "your way right away", it's "their way or the highway." They know their way. If you appreciate super high quality espresso and properly steamed milk in a real cappuccino, this is the ONLY place for you. No place else in Phoenix comes even close. Places like Lux and Goldbar are nice enough, but not even on the same planet as Cartel when it comes to the quality of the coffee.Others complain about the slow service. It is slow, but it's slow for a reason. The barista makes each order start to finish with no shortcuts before starting on the next order. No pre-ground coffee, ever. No letting espresso sit around, even for a few seconds. No re-using old, already steamed milk. Regular coffee is made one cup at a time using just-ground beans and a Hario filter and cone, with water temperature controlled to precisely 206F. It takes a while, but you get something that's the best the barista can deliver. A big difference from the mediocre crap served at the typical coffee shop. I think this is my favorite part of Cartel. They do not pander to the lowest common denominator. They do the best they can, all the time, even if some of their customers don't get it.  The only possible complaint I have is that most of their roasted coffee is South American, and they seem to like to bring out the fruity notes that those coffees have when they roast. There can be a little bit of sameness there, at least for me. I would prefer more variety in the regions the coffee beans come from, and a larger variety in flavor profiles.
5	We go to Arizona every year to visit family but this is the first time we "reached out" to find out where the good coffee lives. A local told us about Cartel, which was located on Memory Lane for my wife, so it was easy to find ("just past where I used to drink a giant soda before working at the vintage clothing store and or record store.") . It seemed like we were going to someone's apartment, but behind the door, shockingly enough, was a comfortable coffee shop with easily the best drip coffee I've had during six Christmas trips to The Zona. I bought a bag of beans to take back and the gentleman told me "19$ a bag...and worth every penny." I just made a cup in Oakland, CA and I have to agree. My one qualm: their incredibly nice and comfortable t-shirts accentuate my man boobs.
5	Definitely one of the better coffee shops around the area. I got their cappuccino which was very smooth and rich, and my friends really seemed to enjoy the hot chocolate as well.  Their americano was very strong, which is the way I like mine.  I love that they play a variety of music and don't stick to just one genre, and the decor is vintage yet modern.  It's a nice place to go by yourself to study, or with friends for a chat.  The owner is very friendly- we discussed whether a zebra-donkey is called a zonkey or a debra. I only wish that this place was open longer!
5	i'm a socialphobe so the fact that you couldn't get the cappuccino to go was a little disheartening but also slightly humorous. especially after reading the sign on the wall about it. anyway, my gf got the capp and i got the chai latte. holy sh*t! i have never had a chai like that before. that milk was insanely creamy. hands down, best i have ever had. the capp was good but i don't know if it is worth torturing myself over. if we can get the latte to go ( which i think you can), than that will work perfect. for sure, blows away any coffee chain. and for me, the best i have ever had. the staff was super friendly. and the side bar where you can watch from was pretty neat.
4	I simply adore their chai. it's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo...ooooooooo good! I love the spices are subtle, the taste not too sweet, and the overall hot chai is just delicious. This is Tempe's Lux, yes it may not generate the cool from the outside that Lux on Central has but it's obscure locate behind a non-descript office plaza door makes it almost like a speak-easy for coffee lovers. It's an ooh and ah for the visual senses. Stepping into this shop makes it an awe experience, from the outside you do not realize that inside it's quite large, very artistic, visually appealing and yes they have many loyal patrons like myself. Their coffees are top notch, staff most helpful, and this is where hipsters come out in droves during certain nights that at times I feel as though I'm the weird one out in my clean cut jeans, graphic tee, samsung epic phone in hand get-up. You must check out this shop, and I really doubt you'll come out underwhelmed rather I'm sure you'll agree that you just had a good cup of chai. =)
4	I never knew this place was here until my friend brought me here. I'm an anti-Starbucks girl and I'm a bit picky when it comes to my coffee places, but this place was really good. And I really like their chai and I'm not one for chai, or maybe it's just Starbucks chai. This place is deceiving; it looks tiny from the outside, but when you go in, it's bigger than it looks. The artwork that adorns the space is really cool and interesting. I just wish this place was open later.
5	i can't be more explicit... literally the best tasting coffee beans in the valley. lux is great. village roastery is great... cartel is phenomenal!
5	Best coffee in the Valley, let alone Tempe.They roast their own beans on site (roasting days are heaven). At any given moment they'll have a dozen different beans available, and they'll offer you advice on which you might like based on your tastes. They'll tell you about the plantation each bean comes from (they buy limited batches directly from small producers). Then they grind YOUR beans in front of you and use a manual drip filter to brew your coffee while you watch. Cool artsy/hipster/gay/collegey menagerie of folks always there. And great music plus free Internet (though it took forever to get some kinks worked out last summer...).
4	LOVED it!Done and done.Did I mention I am petitioning them to get an IV drip of their Guatemalan coffee? Oh yeah!
3	Would always stop in between classes. Sometimes on lunch break. Coffee is good. Can get crowded at times, but service is still quick. Internet can be hit or miss, depending on the signal. But still free wifi.
5	This place seriously has the best coffee, lattes, hot chocolate and chai tea i've ever had, period!I was visiting my brother and he insisted on taking me here, to which I replied, I only drink hot chocolate, no coffee or tea. Well, did i eat or should i say drink those words.We ordered a latte, chai tea and hot chocolate and i was singing their praises all the way home. This is not an ordinary coffee shop - all three drinks were rich, creamy and had wonderful flavors - i was completely blown away!If i lived here, i'd definitely be a coffee and chai tea drinker, but sadly i don't - though this place is on my "must visit" list next time i'm in town.
3	Cartel is fine. I go here a lot because I live right next door.Cons - The service is hit-or-miss. They have a small staff and are pretty busy so it's usually about a ten minute wait from entrance to exit if you're getting coffee to go. The line takes a few minutes and the drink takes a few minutes. Pros - The coffee really is good. The people that make the drinks are skilled and everything comes out delicious. The atmosphere is artsy, funky and fun. Prices are okay. About the same as Starbucks and more expensive than Xtreme Bean, but a better product for sure.I think Cartel has cultivated a loyal following of people that come for the coffee. Convenience is probably also a factor because of the sweet location. If you really care about high-quality coffee, I'd say it's worth the effort. If you're just in the mood for an iced chai, you'd be better off going to wherever's closest to you.
5	I have been going to Cartel for a while, and their coffee has absolutely spoiled me. I can hardly drink coffee or esspresso from anywhere else, I even buy their beans and brew it at home.Most of the bartista's are stellar, but expect to wait for your specialty drinks, not only because they are almost always busy, but also because making kick ass coffee drinks takes time.I suggest either the Honduras with cream, an iced agave latter, or a cappuccino (which you have to drink there).
5	The "Iced Toddy" has helped me through many a night, and is delicious. :) Love Cartel.
4	-COFFEE: good & tasty mocha-SERVICE: friendly-CROWDED long lines - no where to sit, if you wanted to sit and sip...-DECOR: Hip, urban industrial-PARKING: not so convenient if you want to run in and run out.
5	Thank you Yelp... I only wish i had six Stars... Ok officially for anyone reading this pretend there are Six Freaking Stars... This place is THAT good!I thank Yelp because the only way I found this place was searching for 'third wave coffee' (those who know what I mean by this will just know... everyone else will just have to experience and forever after never drink Starbucks again) while I was traveling in Tempe.  I don't 'like' coffee, I LOVE it (insert Antono Ego voice from Ratatouillie movie here)... I literally have a coffee shrine in my house where I run a vintage Rancilio Z11 and pride myself on my espresso skills.  Simply put, I will never pull a shot like i had here.  Off the chart awesome!  So that's the first 5 Stars...the Sixth star?? I just can't believe they have GOOD pastry too!  I understand they produce in-house and if that's true then it's completely astounding.  Easily the best croissant I've had outside of Paris.  Run, don't walk to the Coffee Lab; it is worth the flight to Tempe.
5	Enjoyed the Dirty Chai. Thank you.
5	A couple of years ago, I ordered a couple bags of Brazil pulped bourbon Single Origin Espresso from Cartel and really enjoyed it.  Made a great capp/latte - tasted like pure molasses in milk.  When visiting the Phoenix area this past week, I made sure to stop by Cartel for a couple double espressos and some beans.The espresso (85% Guatemala Chicupac 15% El Salvador Los Andes) was sweet with notes of citrus and tobacco.  Good, syrupy body.  Espresso preparation was top notch.  The people there were friendly and happy to talk about the coffee and engage patrons about what they were tasting.  Really unique cafe - interesting artwork, and its located in an unassuming strip mall. Definitely would keep coming back (if I lived in Tempe....) They are roasting top notch coffees - and I really appreciate that they give all the informations on their beans (growing region/estate, elevation, composition of blends).  They can do that because the source awesome beans and let them speak for themselves.
4	Cartel makes a great cup of coffee. A seriously GREAT cup of coffee (or latte, or espresso). The staff are helpful if you need advice about what to get, and they know their brews. I had a very interesting espresso here recently, with notes of citrus at the front and chocolate at the finish. It was...different, but still good. This place is always busy. Always. However, you should have no trouble finding at least one seat open to sit and enjoy that great cup of coffee.
5	I walked about 2 1/2  miles to the Cartel Coffee Lab for my morning exercise, based upon the high ratings. And I found the high ratings are well deserved. Coffee was great, staff was pleasant, and there seemed to be a group of friendly regulars stopping by and staying to study.The barista asked, when I ordered my black drip coffee, if I liked a lemon aftertaste. I took a chance and said yes; I think she chose my beans based upon that question. The coffee was great.
5	I have to say that I was pretty intimidated to try Cartel about a year and a half ago - simply based on poor service reviews and threats of hipster judgment.When I want coffee, its because I'm beastly. I just woke up, I'm not looking like the hottest/hippest/nicest person in Tempe. I mean, I never look like that but when I NEED coffee, I need to dose myself in a safe and secure environment.So I went to Cartel expecting the worst, I ordered Iced Toddy. To keep my order neutral and cheap. It was okay. Pretty f-ing good in comparison to xtreme bean, my only other Toddy experience. I branched out into soy Lattes because I like to get some protein in the morning. I know....latte for breakfast - aren't I a pillar of health?NO ONE judged me when I would order my soy latte with sugar-free vanilla in it. NO ONE. I've gotten some jokes about it, but who gives a fuck? It's $4.50 - I'm being a yuppie suburban bore when I order it and I know it and I don't give a shit if they know it. I love them for keeping me in check anyways. How is a kid from Tempe supposed to know anything about coffee? That's not my business. As the customer, it's our business to try new things as suggested by the people who's life's work is coffee.So I tried an americano by suggestion. Its DELICIOUS. GET ONE. Iced/Hot, whatthefuckeverjustgetone. I go here for an americano EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE except when I am out of town and I bemoan the lack of Cartel even when I'm in Los Angeles (Mighty City of Intelligentsia). Which brings me to another point, the LINES.If you are looking for a McLatte, they exist. It's called McDonalds. They are everywhere. Cartel is not a run in/run out kind of place. They are offering a luxury item as well as an experience. You wouldn't go to a spa and bitch about your facial taking too long. If you want to see lines, go to Intelligentsia during the midday rush and you will immediately appreciate what Cartel is doing.For serving the entire ASU community with outstanding coffee, 20 minutes sounds about right. For a drink that is delicately crafted from bean to cup, $2.50-$4.50 is just right. For a locally owned company successfully competing with corporate giants, you might as well just go and give a deserving shop your money. And if you are nervous about being judged by the "hip" kids who look like they smelled a fart, recognize that they are only posing with their macbooks and modern literature and are too vain to break character. And if you are nervous about being judged by the baristas, try SMILING at the people who are SERVING you - because you remember how hard it was to deal with customers before you got your middle management salaried job, right?I love you, Cartel.
5	Any place that periodically offers Bacon Chocolate Chip Cookies gets 5 stars in my book! While doing some heavy studying I decided I needed a coffee place to go to besides Starbucks because I was getting so sick of it. So, I was in Tempe one day and searched for coffee places and decided to give Coffee Cartel a try. Let's just say....I'm now addicted! I want it everyday! They have the best mochas ever, hands down. And their cookies are to die for. mmmm...I was a bit intimidated before I walked in because I had no idea what to expect. The building is in the back of the parking lot, no windows really and is just very inconspicuous. I walked in and the place was pretty packed. There are tables for people to sit at in groups of 4, some random chairs, even a hair dryer chair you see at the salon, and then two long tables with lots of outlets for computers. I love outlets!!!! The decor is very urban, concrete floors, open ceiling, garage door in the back. I loved it. Music is definitely not 'coffee-shop' music, but contemporary and up beat. Loved it as well!  In the days  I spent there studying I got mochas, a few cookies and their dirty chai. I had no complaints about any of them. The mochas were actually pretty amazing and so were the cookies. If you haven't been here, give it a try. It just has an awesome atmosphere and equally awesome coffee and snacks.
5	I cant quite remember who first took me to the Cartel Coffee Lab (it might have been Patrick D or Jen H?) but, Thank You. Tucked away in what looks like a old 1960's college office complex, its not the kind of place you just stumble upon. You must be told/shown/taken. Opposite from the odd exterior inside you find a menagerie of local art, random items disguised as art, and college students "studying". Come in during mid day and you will see, and smell, the roasting process which happens about six feet from the counter. Alright, enough with the atmosphere, lets get down to business...coffee! Not living in Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, or New York finding an amazing cup of joe can be a bit of a challenge. There are a handful places, spanning the valley, that represent the bean well but I'll save those for another review. This is Cartel's time to shine. The menu is not large but who needs it to be when your using quality beans and the best equipment (even an old San Franciscan roasted). Near and dear to my heart is their Iced Toddy. Cold brewed just the way its supposed to be and always tastes perfectly rich and earthy. Espresso, delicious. Cappuccino, tasty. Foam, just right leaf design and all. Mocha, mmm. The only confusing thing about this place is, when ordering black coffee, I can never remember which one I had last time. This is not that big of a problem though as I have never had a bad brew. Although, I have never tried any of the pastries offered, they look great and I've never heard any complaints. Take advantage of the free WiFi and, if the weather is nice, sit in the back. The rear wall opens up garage door style and the breeze will sneak in just right.
4	A great coffee place, with exceptional service and awesome coffee.  The only problem is the front door -- if you happen to be sitting at either of the two front tables, the interminable slamming of the door makes this place unbearable.Tip: if you can sit towards the back of the shop, or take your coffee to go, do it!Tip to Owners/Management: why not replace your front door with one that is weighted and closes slowly -- obviously your customers don't care that it slams shut, so you all should look into doing something about it, or make the front area not a seating area.
4	This place has the best dirty chai in Tempe! Their other espresso drinks are also consistently good. The only downside is that unless I go early in the morning, the pastries get sold out before I get there. Also, there aren't many outlets so it's not good for laptop studying.
5	By far the best coffee around. Lots of coffee shops are run by snobs, but the baristas here will gladly take time to answer any questions or take custom orders.
3	Overrated, pretentious, and crowded. Why in the hell am I giving them 3 stars?Okay, the coffee really is that good.But, I'm the type of girl that needs a little more... cream, sugar, I like my additives--SUE ME.You order a coffee, you pay for it, you ask politely, "do you have any soy milk? half and half?"*blank stare*"Um... our coffee doesn't need that."Bitch! Please...I love the fact that the baristas seem to be well-trained and well-versed in their coffee-knowledge. Yes, they really are super serious about it. Honestly though, Cartel could do with a bit of loosening up.
3	5 star coffee, easily the best coffee in the whole valley. The service has gotten much better. It used to be where the baristas were total snobs, and looked down upon you. I think maybe you need to be a hipster to get smile and good service. A paying customer who loves good coffee isn't good enough. But like I said, they are much more cordial now. I would go more often, but I don't like the dungeon dark feeling in the place. They should open that back more, add some natural light ambience. It takes forever to get your coffee, but its fresh and delicious. Coffee 5 stars, everything else, 1 to 2, Therefore a 3 star rating.
4	My friend moved to NYC and asked me could I pretty please send him some Cartel because it's almost Iced Toddy weather. LET ME REPEAT: My friend is making me ship him Cartel coffee to NYC (of all places) because he misses it that much. As for the scene; It's scenester to the extreme. I'd never want to study here. Grab and go.
1	I do not like it. Period. It looks old, pretentious and dark. The coffee....meh... it is ok, but not so perfect.... The place is kinda old, or looks  old and I cannot understand why people think this is a perfect place to study....
4	Decent coffee, awesome grunge ambiance.Lots of students hang here so it gives it a young vibe.  Hard to find a seat though on a Friday night. Good if you are already in Tempe- not sure I would drive to it for it's own right though.
5	A very cool coffee shop in my favorite spot in Tempe. They make great coffee and give you a fantastic place to set down and drink it.
5	Awesome! Some of the best coffee I've ever had - they roast their own beans on site!
4	As visitors to Tempe, we had a tricky time finding this place... That's because it's in the back of what looks like an old motel and not visible from University. If you see the Buffalo Exchange on University and head around the back, you'll find it on the end unit. I loved the atmosphere, the artwork was killer and the staff were really friendly.  I got the sense that indie artists were well supported by this place and that it attracted some really interesting folks. The coffee was good, the variety of pastries and snacks was decent, there's free wifi and the over-all vibe was good. I do wish they had different sizes of "to stay" mugs, but overall it's a great place to hang out!
4	"Hipster" is the exact word to describe Cartel. Everyone else hit the nail on the head. The place is decorated with the most obscure, industrial junk looking items possible (seriously - one of their chairs is the dryer chair from a salon) and they were playing Queens of the Stone Age last time I was in. Place was also packed with snooty holier-than-thou college hipster kids on their Macs. The coffee is worthy of the 4 stars - I order mochas, and the earthy flavor of the coffee went with the chocolate perfectly. Since they don't post prices (which always makes me suspicious), I'll tell you that a small was $3.75 - pretty reasonable!The atmosphere is the reason I detract a star - the cashier was friendly enough though seeming rather distracted, as was the guy making my coffee, but the attitudes emanating from the other patrons make me take mine to go. If you're not dressed like one of the sheep, expect them to look daggers at you if you go near a seat.
5	Many, it seems, hate this place because it has a "hipster" vibe. But what  if you just like industrial-looking decor? Do we all have to buy colonial furniture now? And if we all do so to avoid looking like hipsters, aren't we just pursuing a variant of hipness? Chill, sports fans. Anyway, I liked this place. Jeff is a friendly guy, takes coffee seriously, and there are soft chairs in which I can get some freaking work done. I use a Dell, and the Mac people did not give me the hairy eyeball - maybe because my Dell is so lame, it's hip?
4	So, I've always been anti-Cartel. I had some pretty negative experiences at the one in downtown Phoenix, so I decided it was time to re-engage with the original Cartel in Tempe.I first came here several years ago, I believe on some sort of date thingie. It was a really cute place with a ton of hipsters working on laptops or also on dates. The lattes were pretty great, and I thought I could have an LTR with this shop (not the date though). Now, after a few years, I came back to Tempe and really appreciated it for the location (there's always parking unless it's a busy night at Casey's), and really loved the employee that helped me out. I was buying ground coffee for some friends out-of-town, and he was really helpful. I have a new-found respect for this place, and hope to come back whenever I'm around to get a latte or some of their great tea. Cartel Tempe, you've changed me. Or at least just changed my thoughts on the Cartel brand.
4	I love this place...everyone that works there is beyond knowledgeable about coffee and they are all very friendly. The ambiance of the place is really cool too. Very laid back environment, good crowd, and great coffee. Definitely one of my favorite coffee shops in Arizona!
5	Seriously? It's been a couple years since I've reviewed Cartel and I just want to give 'em kudos again. Thank you universe for this little beaut and the fast, amazing baristas that run the place. When 1pm lunch rolls around nothing sounds better than running to Cartel from work for a pick me up and they never, ever fail me.
5	Always amazing
5	Absolutely outstanding!  I am always on the lookout for high quality coffee and Cartel has just set a new standard.  They roast their own beans on site and their coffee is the freshest I have ever tasted.  I tried their Mocha and found it incredible well balanced and smooth, with just the right amount of character.  I am very picky about my coffee and the coffee shops I will spend money at...this place is my new favorite in the Phoenix area.  I love the atmosphere and the counter folks were very friendly and knowledgeable.  I will be back!
4	I love the atmosphere in Cartel Coffee Lab. Great interior design, modern/industrial, colorful, great music, hipster for sure and lots of tables for the college kids and their laptops. Lets face it, if you are a coffee joint close to a university, you better have free wifi with a drink purchase and lots of space for college kids to sit and bust out their laptop. Thank you Cartel for doing it right.I have only been here twice but both times the service was friendly and the drink time was good. My first visit I ordered an iced americano and it was divine. The second time I wanted a soy latte but they were out of soy. Turns out they had been out of soy for two weeks or so. I said I would try the almond milk and boy.. was that a bad decision. The almond milk just isn't good in a latte. If they aren't carrying soy anymore I will stick to iced toddy's and americano's.This coffee joint is better than many! Check it out.
5	this is a very good coffee place.I like the feel of the place. It's very authentic. The owner is not trying to hard to create a certain image like Lux coffee downtown. It's a simple place with a limited menu. The coffee is outstanding. The maple scone was very fresh, excellent.My only complaint is the small cups they serve the coffee in. I prefer a larger mug but no big deal. It's small but I've never had a problem getting a seat and staying. the wifi is fast too.
4	Alright, alright.  I had to update, just because my friend got me hooked on their iced chai. Holy s***, it is the most freaking fantastic chai I have EVER HAD, and I order that everywhere. GET IT.I also tried one of their coconut chocolate cookies - not half bad, big flakes of coconut inside dark chocolate cookie.The two male baristas I've seen have been cheerful and talkative, the girl is the only one who's a litte standoffish. Also, apparently if you pay with a card, they put an 'authorization' of some kind on - I ran my debit card, as credit, and instead of $3.50 it showed up in my statement as $6.50 for a couple days before correcting. The guy tried to tell me it was "just like what gas stations do, to make sure the money is there', but I have never had that happen anywhere... strange, but it fixed itself... *shrug*.
5	Seriously, I have never enjoyed the pure, unadulterated taste of true coffee as I have at Cartel. My cappuccino was enjoyed sans sugar, flavoring, artificial sweetener.... everything. And it was so, so delightful. But it did not last nearly long enough :(The place is so quaint and has a mom-and-pop, college atmosphere Starbucks or any other chain lacks. There are only a  few choices of drinks to choose from but.... it proves they are purists. And they do it RIGHT. All of it. Baked goods are out of this world (hello butterscotch cookie with white chocolate).
5	Awesome hipster coffee hangout spot. On a 100+ day, the Toddy is a definite recommend--iced coffee brewed cold for 24 hours.
4	Ok, so I have been to Cartel many more times and discovered something a little strange. Their hot lattes are almost always very good.... BUT their iced lattes are really bad. I don't know how this is possible, but I do not like their iced lattes at all. Sad day for them. I still like that it's bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside and the vibe of the place is nice, but I am disappointed in this finding. They do have decent toddy and they have good chocolate croissants...mmmm. I will still come here, but maybe more often in the winter.
5	If you want to have the best coffee in the Valley, come here. I've been going here for years. My favorite drink here is horchata with a shot of espresso-it's to die for. When ordering it be sure to call it by it's appropriate name "the dirty-hore".  These guys go straight to the source for their beans and ends up being better for the farmers than Fair Trade standards. Not only that but if you get lucky, you might be able to chat with the kid that roasts the beans in house, he's super knowledgable and it's a very exact science. This place is great for studying or any romantic date. Don't miss the attention to detail in the foam design on their hot drinks, they made me a fern shape one time!
4	Go there a couple times a week now, and the place is fantastic.  My favorite drink by far to get there is now a Dirty Chai (Chai with a shot of espresso).  Sometimes if I am in the mood for something less sweet I will get just a Latte, or a little less heavy I will get a regular chai.  Everything I have gotten has been great though.The environment is laid back, and definitely somewhere I would lazily sip my drink over a game of chess if it was closer to home.  It is close to work though, so it is always an in and out run to pickup a pick-me-up.
1	Been here once. It's good. Not super great. I want to try it again to make a better review of the coffee. But it was ok. I was not like holy crap I need to come every morning and get me some...I think it is over priced, low flavor coffee. It's just a place for trust fund hipster geeks in their vintage trendy gear with iPhones and iMacs to ride their fixed gear bikes to and pretend they know good coffee and intelligent conversation! Sorry this is not good coffee. Good coffee does not have any bitterness to it. This coffee has a slight burnt taste to it. It's terrible. They don't even have raw sugar. Sorry I don't want to use syrup! Even if technically it's close to the same thing. It makes the coffee taste fucking worse! This place is a typical tempe JOKE! All the clueless college hipster crowd flocks here for something they have no clue about. If you want real coffee try this little place in scottsdale called Coffee roasters, its a hole in the wall that makes real coffee. Smooth ,flavorful. Roasted perfectly! Cartel is not the answer when it comes to coffee. Cool hipster nerd, I got tattoos a stupid fixed gear and s stupid attitude to go along with this all, then this is it!
5	Amazing!!!! The best coffee I have ever tasted, and the best chai I have ever tasted.  I had been wanting to try it out, and I picked my Uncle up from the airport and he wanted some coffee, so I knew I wanted to come here... My Uncle (AKA Funkle - funny Uncle) is diabetic, so he wanted some splenda with his breve (if that is how it is spelt), and the guy said they try and make the coffee good enough that it doesn't need sugar, he was RIGHT!! I was the best coffee I have ever tasted.  You can tell they know what they are doing and are passionate about it.  I will be here ever time I'm on this side of town!!
4	The coffee here is superb. The atmosphere, staff, and clientele is the worst. I loathe having to spend any amount of time longer than it takes to order and pay in the place, even with the new renovations (which have made it a slightly more enjoyable place, I will admit). If given the choice I will usually pick a less stuffy and unapproachably hip place. But even with all of my gripes the coffee alone still warrants a solid 4 stars.
3	Pretty cool little coffee joint.  I had me a shot of espresso along with what appeared to be club soda.  Definitely something new to me.  Espresso was super strong so I understood why the chaser was necessary.  Too strong for me actually and my friends told me the coffee there is extra potent.Truthfully, I felt out of place being here.  This place was made for the following:1. Students2. HipstersI'm neither of the 2, but I can respect them.  Oh to be young and angry again!  Indeed, my neatly tucked in shirt and polished shoe is not welcomed - haha!  Good thing I didn't wear a suit might be mistaken for being "The Man"!  In any case, I gather this place is a wonderful spot for hanging with friends and study groups. - Enjoy!
5	Their espresso is absolutely the best. Every single barista that's made my latte has foamed the soy perfectly. Small, thick, creamy bubbles. I used to slang coffee, and I know. Small, thick, creamy soy bubbles. Most places don't steam it correctly, but Cartel? They're consistent and quite friendly. Usually they've got a pretty decent selection of tunes going, and I'm happy they're not afraid to play it loud.
5	When you walk into the small door from outside your world is transformed into coffee heaven. Although I always grab a cold one on the way out, it's always nice to get some frothy espresso and enjoy a game of scrabble sometimes.A great spot to grab a coffee off campus and to steal some time for yourself. Secretly hidden, The best way to start a hot day is with an ice cold Toddy (extremely strong iced coffee) it's got an acquired taste but it'll have you up and running in no time. Cartel's Coffee is very strong. First time I ordered a shot of espresso I even had to chase it down, definitely worth a try!!Their addition of the Ipad in the ordering process has helped speed up order time & looks pretty cool too. So, if your in a rush grab one for on the go & if you've got some time sit down for the day. Either way, one step into  Cartel Coffee Lab awakens you. My favorite coffee joint in Tempe for sure and perfectly hidden from the close noise of ASU's Tempe campus.
5	The barista held nothing back in describing the flavor characteristics of their roasted beans, and helped me pick out the perfect coffee for me, it being my first time in the shop.  I eventually settled on the 24-hour cold brew coffee, which is amazing, an I'm looking forward to trying their other flavors.  Big pluses are the friendly barista, atmosphere, and quality.  I'll definitely be coming back Macbook in hand to spend some more quality time here.  Maybe I'll be lucky enough to find some people to play chess with or make interesting conversation.
5	Nice little artsy coffee place with friendly staff that take the time to make really delicious coffee (and i'm not even a big coffee drinker)
5	Okay, you pay for the experience, Cartel is by no means cheap, but it is good. I've watched the company grow since the beginning and at least in the Tempe location, it has stayed both an iconic experience of Tempe life near ASU, and a provider of both exceptional coffee and tea drinks and baked goods. I generally go in for a large, hot, Cafe Americano with room for cream ($3.75 - told you, not cheap) and today I had something new, a toasted English muffin with jam (the person taking the order referred to as a jammy dodger, maybe a UK expression) and it takes a few minutes to toast but it comes out blazing hot with a little bag with a napkin, plastic knife and a little container of butter and one of jam, at least this time it was apricot and it was delicious, I have a feeling it is locally made (assumption on my part). The texture of the English Muffin was wonderful, weighty texture and crusty and I'm assuming it is also locally made. From my final bill it is $3 and of course, I tipped a dollar on the overall cost so $7.75 for the cost of the cafe americano and the baked good.Oh, and of course, wonderful new locally made art up on the walls again today and some wonderful new music on the sound system.....I don't give a lot of five stars out but honestly, this is coffee counterculture (little play on words, counterculture being variance on the norm and coffee places having a counter on....okay, not that funny but at least I tried). They do have wi-fi and if you buy something you get the password for the day. I generally go when they first open but they are open, I believe, from 7 am till 11 pm at night.I know they are looking to open some sort of beer and wine bar expansion in the tanning salon location by them that went out of business but Tempe business regulations take some time to go through, and I hear that may involve them brewing their own beer as well, and wouldn't that be interesting?
5	Best coffee shop in Arizona. No, seriously. I've spent hours and hours here studying and researching. I've put at least one of the barista's through college with my generous "donations" to the "I want a double espresso" fund (OK, not really, but I honestly can't NOT go here and buy coffee if I'm within 10 minutes of this place). I live an easy 45 minutes from the coffee shop and I make the trip just to spend $2.50 for a double espresso (and it's accompanying demitasse of sparkling water, to cleanse your palette, of course). But enough with the judicious promotion and on to the review:The baristas are as knowledgable as they come. This "coffee lab" is exactly that; you can see their passion and precision in how many scales and timed instruments the use to exactingly craft a delicious drink. Everyone is very friendly and although the crowd seems hipster, remember this is tempe... you can't really avoid that.The coffee here is roasted here in the same building, nay, the same room that they make your drinks and take your money (I freely give them my money, mind you). The roast is consistent albeit with fluctuations inherent in small batch roasting that lead to a slightly different experience with every visit. The roast itself is a medium/light roast that accentuates the flavors of the bean that they import from various specific farmers in Mexico and South America (did I mention that they tell you what farms the beans come from and what freaking elevation they're grown at? This place is a coffee geek's dream). The espresso starts lightly smoky and sweet with mild hints of dark chocolate and becomes full bodied and sweet with balanced acidity by the bottom of the 1.5oz dream. Often the aftertaste is dark cherry and cinnamon, but the minute fluctuation in roast and harvest that I mentioned before gives a slightly different story every time. In addition to espresso, they make a dynamite cappuccino (that they ONLY will give to you in a for here cup. Its worth it), americano, latte, chai, toddy and espresso excellente (horchata and espresso, a.k.a. a dirty horchata or dirty hor). The drink sizes come in small and large and the espresso comes in powers of 2 (2 shots, 4 shots, 6 shots, ... , 2k shots). The teas are freshly brewed for each order and are delicious. The toddy is a cold brewed coffee and their coffee makes the smoothest most delicious toddy I have had. Finally, the pastries are freshly made and delivered by a local. I recommend the blueberry muffin and the chocolate chip cookie (I like to call it the crack cookie... because I'm hooked).Conclusion: The prices are fair for the quality, the environment is perfect for get togethers and studying, and the coffee is outstanding. It truly is the highest caliber coffee of any shop I've been to in Arizona.
5	Been here off and on but never for this long. I've been working here today for 5 hours so far because I was nearby when they opened. I had a drip coffee and loved it. So tasty and made cup by cup. Then a black mango tea that was the perfect aroma and need nothing. Later in the morning a friend came in and purchased a cappuccino. OMG it was the prettiest thing I've seen so I had to buy one. I have NEVER had a better one in my life. I am serious. Come here. Drink here. I love their iPad cash register & art. Late Sunday mornings the wifi gets a little clogged from the number of people but it's a cool joint. PS. I know Jeff M. had issues with their customer service but the two ladies working today rock.
4	Came here because I heard they roast their own coffee. There's several tables set up and in the middle a couch for more of a ''lounge'' experience. The espresso/americano (for a small $2ish) I ordered was really yummy. I don't drink straight black coffee or straight espresso but wanted to try it to see if i could tell the difference. It definitely was smooth and tasty. But I had to add a little sugar after a couple of sips.The place itself is sorta of a grungy-atmosphere  but most people here are young/hip customers. The staff are young too.This is a good place to chill/meet friends and just internet surf, but the music was a bit too loud for my taste if you're going to study here. Not a lot of parking space but overall a great place if you want to avoid the starbucks/chain ambience.
5	If star ratings were indicative of how hipster a place is, then Coffee Cartel Lab on University is a five star.  But fortunately, the service, coffee and consumables were excellent too, so it gets a five star from this traveler for the right reasons.An easy-to-get-to location right off University, with a slightly cramped parking lot, but at least it's free, everything about Coffee Cartel Lab is pretty, well hip.  I particularly like the word "cartel" in the name, because it makes me feel like the caffeine I crave is like a Venezuelan drug and the coffee cartels are the only place I can acquire it.But the interior is a tidal wave of hipster atmosphere, with dim lights, open ceilings, independent art all over the walls, flyers and cards for independent works free to peruse and browse, and pretty much every seat in the house taken up by someone with horn-rimmed glasses, tattoos, ironic t-shirts and skinny jeans, equipped with their iPhones, iPads or laptops, making full use of the wifi.  But it's still clean and cozy feeling, overall.  Oddly, to a jaded traveler like myself, as critical as I sound towards hipsters, the places they frequent are kind of the places I like to frequent...Anyway, the mocha I ordered was creamy and just right, and I took great sadistic pleasure in purchasing the very last cookie that was this Frankenstein of chocolate chips, peanut butter AND BACON.  The bacon flavor was subtle, but still noticeable, and I took great pleasure of enjoying it in between sips of my mocha while trying not to inadvertently listen to young ASU students trying to give each other resume tips and advice.Prices were standard faire, and really nothing different than you would expect from a Starbucks, or any other independent coffee shop these days.  I know for a fact that my travels would bring me out to Arizona again, and if presented the opportunity, I'd go back to the Cartel again without much problem.
5	This is by far the best coffee place ever for a couple reasons: 1) they roast their own coffee beans, 2) they play the best music, 3) it is very trendy and appreciate that,   3) the coffee is very good!, and 4) they have free WIFI.  I highly recommend this place. If you come here, you will never want to go to a Starbucks again.
3	I tried to go to this place once and had trouble finding it. It is a pretty small spot, very cozily tucked inside of the complex across from Wet Paint. If you are having trouble finding it, take note that they have a dangling, long wooden sign that says Cartel outside of their door.I went in with a mate and we each had a cuppa. She took an iced toddy and I had an iced mocha.Their beans are quite sapid; a bit piquant, while still being very smooth in flavour. Of course, we both sampled the other's drink, which helped give a slightly well-rounded review as opposed to just having one. I would go back for either or. If you like your drink to taste like coffee and not like some kind of milky smoothie, make sure to ask for an extra shot in your mocha. I don't mind either way.I don't usually drink milk, but the only alternative milk they appeared to have was soy, and that adds a pretty strong flavour and consistency to an iced drink especially, so I avoided it.As far as the place itself, it is much bigger than I expected, walking in to it. It has a pretty hip vibe, featuring a space-separator made completely of bicycle tires. There is a book for drawing in on the central-most coffee table that is full of, can you believe it, mostly not drawings, but bad notes. It would have been neater if it was genuinely full of drawings that seemed inspired, but you can't blame that on the staff, really.It was bustling, full of a wide range of people, and it has a lot of mediocre-to-okay-to-occasionally-something art everywhere that may be off-putting if you have a really critical eye or may be attractive if you like the whimsy.The parking lot was also completely full, so I parked across the street at the gas station. Don't park in front of the dry cleaner/laundromat- they tow.I would like it a lot better if it was much more low-traffic, as far as people go.
5	Friendly, fun, and chill.This place is just great. As a recent transplant to Tempe I was afraid that it was all strip-Malls and beige. I couldn't bring myself to submit to drinking the slop the Seattle based place serves, then a friend told me about Cartel.I have a particular coffee drink need that is usually only met in New Zealand or Australia (a flat white). Seth makes a flat white to rival anything at home. The beans are delicious, and being there when they are roasting is amazing!My only disappointment is that I can't walk there easily!
4	Great atmosphere, tasty coffee, very unique and good for meeting friends.  A little loud for studying or reading, for my taste.
4	Amidst the often burnt and always over-caffeinated Starbucks brew on every other street corner, Cartel Coffee Lab is a true coffee enthusiast's oasis. Cartel is, above all, dedicated to the quality and integrity of coffee. As much as I frequent other coffee shops for their ambience or convenience, this is the only place I'll go if I truly want an excellent cup of coffee, roasted and brewed under one roof.Random tidbits of information for newbies:---This is not the place to go if you need a speedy cup of coffee during your three-and-a-half-minute window before work. The beans for every cup of coffee are ground and drip brewed as you order, so you'll have to allow yourself a few minutes of anticipation. I would not recommend large groups of people either, as I believe there are only 4-5 brewing stations that can be used simultaneously. ---Dark roasts are not served here, just light to medium.---Fun fact: Darker roasts actually contain less caffeine than lighter roasts - not that you should interrupt your drinking pleasure with those kinds of thoughts...---Cartel sells their own freshly roasted beans. It's pricey (somewhere around $15-20 for 3/4 lb), but you get what you pay for!---Some eyebrows may be raised if you try to fluff up their drinks too much (fortunately the coffee is fantastic without the aid of double-shot-mocha-sugar-syrup potions).---Cappuccinos will be enjoyed in house, in their proper glasses. They will not be put in "to-go" cups.---Yes, there is free wi-fi for paying customers.---They usually, though not always, have some yummy pastries...if you need something more substantial, please see below:---Right across the parking lot is a great mom-and-pop pizza place called Otto's. Convenient for a limited lunch break! Also next to Buffalo Clothing Exchange, if want to make a day out of it...Why only four stars, you ask? The general ambience of the place is a little too industrial for my taste, and in the past there have been some less than pleasant baristas. I'm happy to report, however, that in my last few visits I was served by wonderful people that were kind and helpful.Keep it up, Cartel!
3	Enjoyed the coffee did not care for atmosphere.
4	Um...WOW.  This is a tremendous cup of coffee.  I am a huge fan of how this coffee is prepared.  First, they roast their own beans (or so I read, I'll have to double check this) but most importantly they grind the beans upon order, then use the European style of brewing.  They pour almost boiling water slowly and methodically over the grounds and let it drip through a drip pot.  Each cup is brewed this way.  It takes a little longer but totally worth the wait. So much more flavorful and rich.  I have yet to find another coffee spot that does it this way.  My only dislike was the location I visited was a bit dark and could use a little more welcoming atmosphere but the coffee is really what it's about and I just wish there was one closer to where I live, I would be a daily customer.
5	This is the place to go if your looking for an outstanding cup of gourmet coffee. The staff is seriously knowledgable about the entire process and will gladly give you an information overload if you ask, even if they do so with a hipster poise (it doesn't really bother me when they have some useful nuggets of knowledge to back up their hipness).Local artists regularly grace the walls with their artwork and you will always find a variety of artists, designers, developers, and general hip folk typing away on their respective mac book pros.Haters gonna hate, but I love this place. Truly original.
5	- I was there March 16th.      This coffee shop is AMAZING, i love the vibe, the artwork, their freshness, and of course their cookies!!     I have already been raving to my friends how good this place is, and how we need to frequent coffee shops like this kind more often, instead of our usual Starbucks.     The service is outstanding, as I walked to the counter I was greeted by the cashier and I bluntly told him that it was my first time there and that I was taking their Chai as well as a pastry, but I didn't know which one. He then started telling me that their pastries are freshly baked each morning at their downtown location, and that he suggested the Chocolate Chip cookie as it was his own Fav!! So I told him, You had me at freshly baked, I'll take your chocolate chip coffee and a Medium non-fat Chai. The only thing was that they didn't have medium sized drinks, they only have small or large, small is just too little for me and large is just too much, medium is just perfect for me, but no medium and I end up not drinking it all. So I took the large and as expected, I wasted about 1/6 of my deliciously large hot  foamy non-fat Chai!!! :)    I will surely be back to frequent this spot, everyone there was oh soo friendly!! :)
5	I've heard of the lore of Cartel Coffee from my brother, a good friend and several other people but since I never drank coffee until a couple months ago, I had no reason to step foot in one of their labs and see for myself. Well when it came time to drop of my girlfriends mom at the airport and we had an hour to kill, I thought coffee is good, but where..... well the Yelp app came though again and pointed me here. I had that moment of nervousness walking up since I'm trying to impress my girlfriends mom and not take her to a crappy coffee place, and this place does not look like much from the outside! I felt relived and overjoyed walking in and seeing how awesome it looked. My "guests" were equally as impressed. After getting our coffee we chilled on the couch talking and time passed so fast we were almost late, but luckily the airport is only 10 minutes away so it was all gravy! Since I don't normally drink coffee I won't be here often, but when I do, I will prefer to go to Cartel.
3	I was totally hoping to give Cartel a 5 star review, because the service, vibe, and concept are AMAZING. Unfortunately, I wasn't particularly impressed with my coffee. I ordered one of the dark roast single brews, and just like every other locally owned/operated coffee house it was weak, and sour... not much better than Pike's Place from Starbucks.. so sad! I don't consider myself an expert on coffee, but I've had some incredible stuff in SF, and can't find anything that comes close, locally. Also, when I see all of these super high reviews, I come to wonder how much of the product judgement is placed on fluffy drinks, like mochas, or lattes.  I judge a coffee house on dark roast with cream.. no sugar.. no choco yum yum.. no hazelnut delights.. just.. coffee.. and good basic coffee in Phoenix doesn't seem to exist. :(
5	The coffee is smooth and delicious, not to mention delicately brewed and roasted on site. The staff is always friendly eager to help you to make an informed decision about your drink, and I have yet to get a smug look from any of them when I feign ignorance about any drinks. That little test tells me an awful lot about an establishment, and it goes without saying that, while Cartel is a coffee connoisseur's delight, it works just as well for those who might not have a handle on the finer details of this art. If there's anything to complain about this fine establishment, it's that there's always a crowd, lending it to being a less than ideal setting to sit and relax, due to a dearth in seating. But if you can find a spot to plop down, you're in perhaps the finest coffee establishment in all of Arizona. That's not an exaggeration.
4	Their coffee is amazing. The staff was friendly.  The place was very cool decorated.  Would love to come back to have another one soon.
3	There are definitely better coffee shops in town but it certainly is not bad. I do love the eclectic decor and the staff is awesome. It is kind of strange when you have a coffee shop that actually does not have drip coffee as an option.  This place definitely caters to the college crowd.
4	Definitely hipster... trendy.... good lattes?  Hell yeah!!Walked in today and ordered a hot small (still a double shot) latte with half&half... the first sip really blew me away!  Can't say I've had one this good since this little cafe in Cordoba, Spain.The gal at the register was friendly and helped me pick between half&half and soymilk.. I liked their simple syrup pump... didn't like that they had no cinnamon/nutmeg shakers because I love that in my lattes.. but glad I didn't pervert what is to be (so far) the best US latte I've ever had.  Damn, I wish I lived closer.Place was hard to find and, yeah, no prices... and if you're not a hipster, you really do get noticed and stand out.
3	Finally getting around to trying this place as it has such high reviews and also was highly recommended by my barista/coffee snob sister.Yes, I enjoyed my vanilla latte very much. Their espresso is excellent. I also had the coffee cake which was fresh and delicious. I also thought the decor was unique and interesting. Their espresso machine is a work of art in and of itself!Things I wasn't thrilled about...if you're not a hipster or student you will feel out of place (because you are!). I walked in with my 2 year old son and felt like people were throwing daggers at me with their eyes. I also didn't appreciate the pretentious barista who seemed dead set on letting me know just how ignorant I was about coffee. They also don't post their prices which I thought was super annoying.So basically I would give them 5 stars for their espresso, baked goods , and atmosphere. 0-1 for the customer service and I land at a 3 stars.
5	The Iced Toddy is mid-blowing. Get one today!
5	Excellent. A sign reads, "Complain all you want, that cappuccino is for here.". There's a reason that has to do with how the foam sits in the cup. Bottom line is that these people care about their coffee and care that your experience is the best it can be. Give it a shot and I don't think you'll be disappointed.When I ordered a cup of coffee, I watched as the beans were ground and brewed in front of me. Nice!The cookies are amazing. I especially like the molasses and ginger one: a little bit of Christmas in the middle of August.
5	What's to say about Cartel?? If you've tried the coffee just once (no cream, no sugar. JUST THE COFFEE. And slurp it!) then you know that it's hands down the best coffee in the valley. Also, it's hipster and crap blah blah.
5	Love this place! Wish we had one here in CA. Great vibe once you walk through that door. Fantastic drinks and goodies!!
5	Love this place!! Great coffee, ambiance and music.
4	Checked out their Tempe location, I haven't been down there in years. It was great to see they were busy and it of course had a nice college coffee vibe. My Iced Vanilla latte was pretty good, not too sweet and just how I like it. The guy at the counter was friendly and the barista was fast with my order :) I ended up buying a pound (which is really less than a pound) of coffee beans. I asked a few questions about the beans vs all others... He was knowledgable which was awesome. On the down side my beans were $21!!!!!!!! Way not cool. My personal opinion is they should never be over 15. I bought them anyway thinking let's give the golden beans a try... After a few makes at home...Again, no way $21 worth.
4	Very hipster location. Major college vibe (of course, ASU is right there.....so duh) But, very comfortable....there's always plenty of seating, even tho it's always busy. Some cool artwork too, I like the bike wheel partition wall and the hair drying chair....quirky.As for the coffee....VERY GOOD..... it has excellent flavor with a smooth....texture?? I guess, does that make sense??? Anyways, it's not as strong as Starbucks, but their iced coffee is WAY better......and they let you add your own milk. I like that. But then again, maybe i'm a little controlling of a person.......I wish they had more pastries, especially vegan ones. And, it's hard to find this place. You kind of just have to know where it is......(just look behind buffalo exchange) It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but quite surpirsing once you enter :)
5	Out-of-this-world espresso and PERFECT foam. And their scookies (half scone half cookie) are AMAZING.I love e v e r y t h i n g here.Cartel: they're doin' it right.
5	Holy cow...what a cool vibe.  Awesome!
5	Cartel is my go to coffee place.  If I could drink here everyday, I would.  The barista who seems to always be working sunday mornings makes the best lattes that I've ever had, ever.  Each one always has a cute little heart or leaf shaped on the top which obviously is their secret as to why they're so delicious.  I've never gotten anything else because I've already discovered the best.  If you're cool, you probably like to hang out here on the reg.    I definitely recommend, best coffee in Tempe by far. It's a little hard to find if you've never been before, right off university on ash across from the circle k.
3	This is the best place to come for a nice latte...if you want the ultra hipster patrons to stare you down while you listen to the baristas pretentiously make jokes about how lame Starbucks and its fans are. The coffee is definitely good, but it's not good enough for me to put up with some dude walking up to the counter, pretending to order a frappuccino and then laughing like an asshole with the cashier. Guess what I did right after I heard that? I left Cartel, drove over to Starbucks and had myself a frappuccino. And it was great.
4	Awesome, hidden gem in Tempe. If you are trying to escape the starbucks nation, go to cartel coffee lab. The iced coffee was especially refreshing.
5	very impressed. The decor has a trendy hipster feel that fits right into its college campus surroundings. The coffee though, was world's better than anything I drank while at ASU! I loved that it was open, but secluded at the same time; I could meet with somebody and have it feel intimate but with every sip still feel like I was part of something bigger. The guy who took our order was really low-key and didn't rush us, was able to provide some recommendations. He also had a sample of a bacon chocolate cookie out and when we took a bite, he was genuinely curious what our thoughts were. For the record, it was very well balanced and a surprisingly good pairing. We bought a whole cookie to enjoy with our latte and tea (freshly brewed!... my latte came out before the tea did). They also have the high-techiness of Silicon Valley with the iPad/square 'register'. Would definitely visit again the next time I'm in town (especially since there seems to be a scookie I need to try!). Only downside is the one-hour parking out in front; this hidden gem (literally!... you don't see it from the street) or bldg management should consider relaxing that a bit.
5	I often tell friends that there's this place in Tempe that serves the best latte in the world.  (actually I just found a place called "Opposites" in Leeds England that is a close second). It is Cartel.  On the "coffee snob" scale, I put myself at about 7 out of a 10.  but I have friends that are 10's.  I'll never forget the look on one friends face after her first sip of the famous latte... eyes open, looks at me, proclaims "oh my god, that *is* the best coffee in the world".  the environment is unique, the staff are really nice.  If you go, be sure to sit on the black couch and thumb through the art journals.  love it.  thank you Cartel!  Tempe needs you.
5	I refuse to go anywhere else in AZ for brewed coffee.  There aren't too many places in the entire country that pay this much attention to detail in every aspect of their product.  Their selection is narrow but very discerning, mostly Central and South American (true to the Cartel name), and roasted fresh on location several times a week (never overdone).  Just ask the employees when the roasting takes place and you can come get a front row seat.  Besides roasting the coffee fresh, they are the only place that I know of that insist on using a pour-over brewing technique with high-end Hario equipment, which gives the barista maximum control over the brew.  Its also rare to find coffee shop employees that are both friendly, and know what the hell they're talking about without talking to you in a condescending manner.  That's a breath of fresh air.While the atmosphere may not be "your speed", the product alone deserves 5 stars.   No need to go somewhere else and pay for sweetened charcoal water.Looks like there planning a micro-brewery in the adjacent room.  Can't wait for that.Only thing missing:  A cigar lounge
5	As a recent addition to the Portland area, its difficult for me to find fault with any of the coffee shops here. Cartel, however, tops every cafe I've seen so far. Their pastries are delicious (try the bacon/choco chip cookie or the blueberry white chocolate scone). Their coffee is excellent and served in recycled/biodegradable cups, but dont ask for your cappucino to go- its expressly forbidden (says the sign behind the counter; "Complain all you want, but that cappucino is for here). The menu is simple but covers the gambit. You can chose anything from a toddy (good choice) to one of many teas to their tasty chai (excellent at Christmastime). Cartel also happens to boast some of the nicest and most knowledgable baristas I have encountered in ages (a lot to say considering the sheer amount of cafes here in the Pacific North West). Jeff makes the best Iced Mocha. Ashley makes excellent foam designs. Devon always has an awesome attitude- humor infused with sarcasm, but only in the best way. Athena is sweet and always helpful. Paul can always be seen tending to the day's roast. I could go on about every employee, but to make a long story slightly shorter, all of the employees are friendly, more than competent, and are very good at making you feel comfortable and welcome. The decor is visually interesting (see; hanging area divider made entirely of metal bike wheel frames. See also; constantly changing featured artists work for sale, warehouse-esque basic interior, bathroom covered in awesome tags and paintings) but is never overkill or distracting. The Tempe location is tucked away in University Square. The place is easy to miss- with only one small sign that says 'Cartel Coffee Lab' hanging out front and a classic red and blue 'Open' sign, it' is unostentatious and slightly off the beaten path. The plaza is, however, the heart and soul of Tempe- at least to many of the locals. Right behind to the Headquarters Smokeshop (in business for a quarter of a century), Cowtown Skateboards (ling time locals), El Pollo Supremo (arguably the best Mexican food in the area), Buffalo Exchange (an Arizona based company whose first shops opened in Tucson), near Tempe Farmer's Market, Casey Moore's (unarguably the most popular bar in the area), HTC Piercing (affiliated with High Priestess of Oregon), and Wet Paint Artist Supply (ran by the ever-winderful Jess. Ask her to tell you about mooeds sometime), the location is near ASU, Mill Avenue, and historic Tempe and is prime.Tempe Cartel will soon boast a bar around the west side of the space which one can only assume will be as successful as the ever-full cafe. Mixed drink aficionados need not apply, though. Straight from the horse's mouth, there will be no hard liquor served here. However, patrons can expect to enjoy the ample comforts of a micro-brewery and wine bar. Five out of five stars.
5	This hidden gem is located just outside of Mill Ave and is apparently the hipster home base of Tempe. If somehow you are allowed in without suspenders or nonprescription clear glasses, you will see exactly what goes on. to the left at least four people playing chess, to the right someone reading a book, but sitting next to someone writing a book, and did someone just walk in with a puppy? Yes. As you walk up to the counter you are already disoriented so you may be confused about what to order. Well, they are known for their cappuccinos, which I can personally vouch for but on a hot summer day in Arizona, I recommend their "Dirty Horchata" or "Espresso Excellente" a rice milk horchata with shots of espresso. It was good for the minute it lasted. See you there next time.
4	Bigger than the one in Scottsdale but with a far less excellent soundtrack and far more hipsters, teens, and college kids trying far too hard to be far too sophisticated I still have to say Cartel's coffee still continues to impress; this time a bold and smooth chocolate toned cup of Guatemalan Finca El Limonar followed by an iced Toddy made with a 50/50 blend of Black Market and Viota.  A local gem to be sure.
5	you just can't deny the latte.
5	Ice chai latte is to die for! Got two large ice drinks for 7 bucks.
5	Love the attention to detail, the underground feel, the re purposing and artwork - but above all the coffee is very well done.Glad to find another great coffee spot.
5	I love Cartel. The coffee is awesome and the employees are almost always friendly. Do they have their bad days? Sure, but so does everyone.I've noticed that most of the people complaining or leaving negative (or less positive) reviews are doing so because of the clientele. How immature. Let's stick to reviewing the venue and the product, not whether you like the patrons. If some patron doesn't like a frappuccino and says so to the barista, who really gives two flying pigs? Everyone is entitled to their opinion. My recommendation is to try to be a little less insecure and consider the impact your review will have on the actual business and the people that put their blood, sweat and tears into it, before you start taking away points because a certain part of society seeks out novelty and enjoys well made things. Just my two cents.
5	Amazing coffee! Great staff and a top rate enviroment.
3	Cartel coffee seems to be the trendy place to hangout in Tempe complete with urban artwork made from left over bicycle parts, news clippings and artsy posters.  The furniture is equally eclectic, the chair I sat in was from an old hair salon and the table was just a couple of wooden boxes with a glass top.  If you're looking for a trendy place to hangout with your fellow mac users this could be it as long as you're willing to over look the damaged walls, peeling painted concrete floors and shoddy bathroom.
4	This jem is hidden in the back of a shopping center. Inside you will find yourself in an awesome coffee shop with a unique vibe. I love independent coffee shops, so I already knew I loved this place. The menu doesn't look that plentiful, but I heard people ordering things that were not on there. You can tell them to make anything your heart desires. The coffee is a little over priced, but worth it because it is an independent coffee shop and it tastes great. This is a great study spot. It gets packed though so you may have a hard time finding a chair or table. This place is a haven for hipsters and students. All are welcome though!
4	small simple coffee house, but they also serve beer it seems. My coffee was wonderful (small quad vanilla latte) you would think it would be too strong but whatever espresso they use is great! no bitterness. and the red head gal who helped me was very nice. I will go back!
5	Pretty cool decoration with the wheel and the chair - HIDDEN GEMEver since http://www.yelp.com/biz/portola-coffee-lab-costa-mesaThe boyfriend and I wanted to see if there's more of these kind of coffee lab. Yay! Found one in Arizona! Glad we found one near where he lives, because I didn't want to drive any further than 20 mins plus to get some good coffee. Came here in the afternoon on a Saturday, and man were there a lot of people just studying. Drinks+Iced Toddy ($3.95) - The boyfriend got this and holy cow was it strong. A very concentrated coffee. It's like drinking a americano at Starbucks but without mixing it with water. But of course this place was a bit better because it's different + Iced Chai with Soy milk ($4.85) - Yums! You can adjust the sweetness of it, but I forgot to do so so it was a bit too sweet for me.DecorationFeels like you're sitting in a warehouse. Bike wheels are attached with each other like a barrier/wall between two sides. Haha.. I laughed when I saw the hair salon chair. Pretty cool. Chilled place to hang out and to study. Definitely will come back!
5	What's best to support a local company?   No need Starbuks or coffee bean, when you can have great non burnt coffee.   The decor is fun n hip, I love seeing the different customers there too.   Everyone is nice n down to earth.... They also have wifi and great music, while u sip your hot or iced mojo....
4	Not that I would ever go to a coffee shop just to watch people...but here my friend and I kind of did. Ha! ok ok so there are alot of interesting people that come in this place. Nothing like I have ever seen atleast. Then again I am not into the college scene, so I don't know. But anyway. the coffee is super good. The cookies are amazing. This shop is definitely funky and cool. Not too cozy as far as big chairs or whatnot. So that's my only beef. But i would definitely come back to this place. And the staff was pretty darn friendly too!
5	Cartel is the best coffee spot in Phoenix hands down. It is almost always busy and does take a while because the baristas take their time to make each drink with care and expertise. The whole staff is knowledgable and very nice.  The mocha is my favorite. It is not too sugary or sweet the espresso has great flavor and acid. It is my favorite coffee by far must go!!!!
3	A hot spot for the local hipster community. Coffee is delicious, yes! But staff is not very nice, sometimes they are pretty rude and pretentious. it is very cold due to poor control of A/C temperature, it is generally dark-no windows and dark walls. And the art exhibit there... well, not my style at all.But still, if you are looking for a nice and local coffeeshop in downtown Tempe, this is the only decent option.
1	There is a good reason why this place doesn't post their prices: it's because if they did, most folks would walk right out. This is the first place ever that makes Starbucks seem inexpensive. They have only 2 sizes of drinks, a tiny 8 oz and one that is probably 12 oz. Originally I wanted a Mocha and that was going to be 5 bucks (before tax), so i switched to a regular coffee which costs almost 4 bucks for the 12 oz size. That was my que to laugh this place off as a joke, especially in a college town, and head over to Circle K, where there were 12 choices of coffee waiting, all for under 2 bucks. ASU college kids must have more of daddy's money because nobody was buying $5 cups of coffee back in the good ole days.  No outdoor seating either.
5	I have been going to Cartel for 4-5 years now (thanks to a college friend).  It is my absolute favorite place for coffee and espresso... they really know what they're doing!  I love their drinks, the environment is cool, and everyone that works there is always really friendly.  My boyfriend and I always buy their beans to use at home.  Every time we travel, we like to check out local coffee places, but Cartel is still by far our favorite.  We are lucky it's at home!Congrats on expanding, and thank you for showing people what coffee is really about!
4	This was the best double espresso con macchiato I have ever had!However, when I asked for a to go cup I was flatly told no, that it would ruin the presentation. Really?"Art" at the expense of customer service is not endearing in food service.Loved the rest of the place, decor was great, atmosphere hip......Coffee Awesome.
1	Their coffee is one of the best places I've been to but they made me wait 30 minutes for mine. They should have given me a heads before I bought it.
5	Outstanding coffee.  Very yummy cookies available.   Great coffeehouse atmosphere. It's a bit hard to find - no big obvious sign... this isn't Starbucks.
3	Kind of a dark and moody vibe/atmosphere if you're into that. The espresso is smooth and dark, definitely nicer than Starbucks.
3	Downtown location is far better, the staff are more attentive and personable. Tempe location is stuffy, busy and slow-- but not busy slow-- and you'll get dirty, condescending looks if you do anything but order and receive your coffee. No talking to the baristas, they don't care how your day is going.
5	I come here 3-4 times a week to work and procrastinate behind my computer. I have made a few friends who also do the same. The coffee's and latte's are excellent. Plus, there is an acceptable tea selection for being a coffee house. I like seeing the roaster and hearing it. The atmosphere is industrial made by music which varies depending on who is working at the time, and the bare floor and unfinished ceiling. The steel fixtures finish off the interior whose walls are decorated with work by local artists. There is even more to come from the Tempe location as it is opening a second side that will act as a bar. Hooray!
5	Great coffee!!  I would drink their coffee black and that's saying something.  I usually refuse to drink my coffee black.  This is a great place to study or hang out wit friends.  They have a lot of seating.  The outside looks kind of sketch, but do not let that scare you away!
1	No, no, no. After reading the below rebuttal to Dave B.'s review, I will never be patronizing Cartel again. If you don't like the review you got for your business, either offer to fix the problem without sarcastic comments, or ignore it, don't respond just to be a jerk and insult the person further.I had a bad experience at the Scottsdale location and decided to only go to Tempe and only for the chai (which they can't be pretentious about), but that's been shot down as well. Jason can kiss my $20/mo in Cartel purchases goodbye."Wow  Dave! You are hilarious! If only you actually understood coffee, you might have been able to actually promote better coffee in AZ! You shouldn't be commenting about coffee since you drink it with caramel anyway. You should probably rethink that life decision! As for your bad customer service experience, i deeply apologize for that! They no longer work for us. I would be happy to send you a bag of our coffee in the mail, so you dont have to come in. You just have to promise me you will taste before you add! Email me - jason@cartelcoffeelab(BTW - could you please clean up the profanity?) "
4	I miss this place. One of my favourite coffee places in a desert full of Starbucks. I love waking into the place (even if it's a bit sketchy from the outside, looks like the hotel from psycho) and seeing the giant roasting vats.The coffee is the real star of this place and it doesn't disappoint.  The only problem I've ever had was that my cup was empty in about five minutes because I drank my coffee too fast.
5	The location in Scottsdale is great, but this one is better.They serve up some of the best coffee, espresso and chai tea lattes you could ask for. Based near Mill Ave, it fits right in with that artsy stores nearby and has that "renovated garage" hipster look.Speaking of renovated, they just expanded into two huge new sections! One side offers more lounge seating where you should be able to start ordering craft beer. It's always been there, but now it looks like people are getting used to actually using it more often. The west side wall is gone which opens up a large area for additional seating, cartwheels and lots of other activities. I'm looking forward to seeing how they decorate and update this place, my favorite coffee shop in AZ.
4	This is place is amazing to say the least. My friend introduced me to this coffee shop when we were out one early afternoon and needs a pick me up. Their hot chai was exceptional along with the service. The atmosphere is very welcoming and laid back. Has a salon dryer chair as a seat which adds even more character to the coffee shop. I will e stoping by this shop whenever I am in the area without a doubt.
2	Being from Seattle, I was excited to give this place a try after reading the Yelp reviews. I'm in town on a business trip and wanted to work on my laptop away from the hotel, preferably with a very good espresso drink.Maybe Seattle has spoiled me, but I was not impressed with my Americano. Coffee shouldn't need foam, sugar, or cream to taste good, but without these things my Americano was acidic and sour. I liked the atmosphere of the place, and appreciated the wifi, but did not enjoy the experience overall. Also, I wish the girl at the counter had been a little more friendly...
5	Speed is not their thing.  Maybe they need more coffee!  But the cute little apple design in my coffee was worth the wait...not to mention the BEST cappuccino ever!
4	Hi, I'd like a decaf iced Americano with a side of sorry I don't have tribal tattoos, gauges, and a pseudo-lumberjack beard.In all seriousness, though, Cartel is a pretty cool place to hang out and get school work done, despite the fact that it may be too cool for school. The environment is open, spacious, and definitely the kind of place where I feel like I'm paying three bucks to park myself somewhere conducive to productivity for a few hours, rather than for the actual coffee. You might as well say "make me a drink that's stronger than me," because that's essentially anything at Cartel. I'm sure it hurts so good if you're looking for a caffeine rush, but if you drink decaf, the high-intensity, bitter brew is basically like drinking an O'Doul's - neither effective, nor genuinely enjoyable. However, for the general college population, Cartel provides all the resources necessary to help you pound out that essay/assignment/tumblr post/article as seamlessly as possible.
5	What an amazing discovery on our trip to Tempe!  Hands down some of the best coffee I have ever had in my life!  Just....wow.  Went there two mornings in a row and had two different roasts.  So wonderfully rich, roasty, full flavored and delicious I didn't even need my usual sweetener.  Besides the coffee being extraordinary, this place just has a cool, funky vibe. The baristas were so friendly, the music was fun, and the atmosphere is unlike no other.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the Tempe area. The only negative I have to say is that it didn't open up early enough early for me to get another hit before we departed at 6am  :(  Love you Cartel Cofffee Lab!!!
4	When looking for a 3rd wave coffee shop, read Yelp reviews. If the reviews include phrases like:- the coffee wasn't hot enough- the employee staff were rude and insulting- they refused to make me a large cappuccino, or a cappuccino to go...- they over-charge for their coffee- There is no carmel macchiatoGET IN THERE, because the coffee is going to be excellent!I was visiting from the SF Bay Area and Lux in Central Phoenix was a little too far this time.  Cartel's Tempe location was more convenient so I thought I'd give it a try.  Great coffee, regardless of the incessant employee smuggery.   Come on people, it is what it is.  It's the price you pay for good coffee.  Think "Soup Nazi - Seinfeld" get in line, be patient, and enjoy what you can.Please don't compare this kind of coffee experience to Starbucks or other commercial establishments because it is going to be different.  You aren't going to have it your way, you're going to have it the correct way :)
3	Decent place, Large and spacious but the employees aren't too friendly unless they know you.  I like there coffee but because they make their coffee in this location you smell really bad when you leave.  Only a few outlets for laptops.  But better than some other Tempe coffee shops.
4	Cool place! We stopped in to check out a very talented friend's artwork on the walls at Cartel for the month. The coffee drinks are great as are the beers.
5	This obscure place is well worth looking for.  I enjoyed a yummy coffee and relaxed with friends while sitting and enjoying the original art work and the eclectic decor.  I'm going back, next time I'm in Tempe.
5	Love their new layout!! Talked to the barista making my drink,super nice guy and love the machine he was working on. Had a pour-over and enjoyed it as well the super cool to go cups!! Thanks guys!!
3	Great place with some great drink. The decor inside is unique, and the staff was friendly to me. My only beef with this place is sitting inside may not suit your level of comfort. It was a little louder than I expected, and while sitting on the limited amount of chairs is alright, the hard benches will put your butt to sleep in minutes. I was watching a couple of students wiggling and suffering while on their laptops lol.
5	This place is always fun to walk into. FromUsing a square reader for payment to hair salon chairs this place is about as hipster as it gets. I'm not a sophisticated coffee drinker but it seems to be of high quality. Added a new section with tons of outlets but it's still always slammed.
5	Finally found great Toddy coffee in AZ! I moved away from AZ to Austin for 6 months, and I love all the local businesses out there including their coffee shops. I discovered iced toddy coffee out there, and I have been searching for the same thing since I've been back in AZ for months. Well, I found it here at Cartel Coffee Lab, and it's some of the best I've ever tasted!Additionally, I think I'm part of the majority of people that is sick of Starbucks, but the convenience of them being on every corner is hard to avoid. "Ugh I don't want Sturbucks, but I'm going there anyway...." How many people have done that?!? Cartel Coffee Lab is worth the extra 10 minute drive, or planning your day/route to work it in. All the different coffees I've tried are excellent, the staff is great, and they have a great relaxed but still energetic atmosphere.It's a great place to just grab a coffee, meet a friend, have a one-on-one business meeting or get locked in by yourself for a while.
4	Cartel's coffee has got to be the best in Phoenix! As a native of the Pacific Northwest, I'm no stranger to wonderfully roasted coffee - and Cartel's is hands down the best that I've tried in AZ (Lux in downtown PHX is a close second for sure, though). Their cappuccinos achieve near perfection and their iced toddys are the perfect refreshing kick that you need for these hot HOT summers. I love all of the renovations they've made over the last year or so - much more space to work on your computer, chat with a friend, or just sit down and enjoy a cup of joe (or beer!). Enjoy my friends =).
5	I am not a hipster, and this place is full of them...  However, if you like good, black, drip coffee, there is no place better than this.  They have a lot of choices, and they have new ones to try all the time.  I'm not much of an espresso drinker, I've never once ordered an espresso drink from them.  Good drip coffee is something hard to find.  Expect to spend at least 10-15 minutes in there, they use things like the V60 or the aeropress to brew their coffee when you order it.  The iced toddy is great too.
2	Unfortunately as of late the service has really gone down hill. I still think the coffee is great, when you can get it. If they are busy then they seem to really get the joe out, but if they aren't things slow to a crawl.  Not to mention they have messed up my order or my friend's order the last four times we have been there.  They apologize or say thanks for being patient although I never understand why we had to wait.  They seem to have enough staff maybe it's how they manage the preparation.  I had stopped ordering espresso drinks all together and just  get the cold brew since it comes out of the dispenser at the counter.  It's really a shame it used to be my favorite spot for coffee.
3	Great coffee and other drinks at a premium price and tiny sizes. Typical "hipster" vibe with the reclaimed garbage art, bicycle wheel fixtures, and a general hand made look and feel. Service is a hit or miss. Some of the employees are sweet and helpful, others seem to look down upon you like they are some sort of Coffee bean royalty. Slightly overrated but the drinks, and that's what's important, are really great! I love their chai tea. They just need to work on the generally trendy aura that's given off the second you walk in and lower the prices slightly, or up the sizes a bit, either or.
5	I love this place!  Friendly people both work and visit this gem of a hang out. They have the best cappuccino in town!  Complete with a design. Love love love it!
3	I'm a fan of their coffee. Sometimes I think they put crack in it because I can be so productive in that environment. The music can sometimes be too loud, but that's why I like to go and sit on the west side of their store where it's much more quiet, but the new seats are very painful to sit on.There are cons though. Their cappuccino is dry, and difficult to drink sometimes. They only have syrup for sweetener, so it's not how I like to take my coffee. The biggest con I have is their internet. I go here very often, sometimes 2-3 times a week and drop enough money there per week that they should be able to afford and maintain a good quality internet connection. When the internet is down, I can't work. If I can't work then there is no need for me to be there. Pro: they know coffee. I like the pallet cleanser with the water that they give you for espressos. Their barista's are ultra hipster, very friendly and I think are hard working. I like all the recycled art they have in the store and enjoy seeing it grow into something for the community.
4	First and foremost, they roast their own beans. Any coffe shop who roasts their own beans has a real passion for the product. The feel of the place is very hipster, yet rugged, and very easy to stay engaged when looking for a place to do homework or have a meeting. One thing that really astounded me about this place is the simplicity of the menu. A simple yet quality selection is best in my opinion. From their mocha to just a plain old cup of joe, their drinks are delicious! They make a mean Toddy as well....
4	Solid coffee small menu nothing fancy here.
3	Cool, hipster vibe. I really like the feel of the place, with recycled artwork and interesting, comfortable seating areas. The baristas were hipster as well, but were very friendly. Coffee was ready fast considering there was a line. I just got an Americano, which was decent - kind of strong for me, but I didn't want to use syrup as a sweetener. Anyway, I want to try other things, like the toddy. The rest of the menu doesn't seem very fancy, just the basics. It's nothing too elaborate, but I can't complain.
1	I really had high hopes for this place. My cousin and I both ordered an iced chai. There was so much milk in it, you could barely taste a hint of the chai. We both thought it tasted like cereal milk. Two sips and we tossed both our drinks. What a waist of almost $9. I might go back and try a regular coffee but until then, 1 star remains.
4	Amazing coffee! Truly a one-of-a-kind coffee flavor experience. I'd agree with some of the other reviews that this place definitely has a hipster vibe, but thankfully the staff was kind and helpful. The "condiment" bar only had some cane sugar syrup and I had to ask the barista for some cream- just a heads up.
5	This place is awesome. I'm someone who usually has a hard time finding a public place where I can sit and feel like I'm actually alone. I don't know how this place pulls it off, but it does. The service. The beer/coffee/tea menu. The music. The environment. It's all great. It's big enough to not feel crowded, but small enough to hold onto that corner coffee shop feel. Great for reading, writing, studying, or just cooling off. If you haven't been. Go.
4	While I'll outright admit that I'm not a coffee guy in general, I'll also admit that I love Cartel's iced toddy, and for a man who doesn't enjoy coffee to be semi-addicted to a toddy it must speak something to the quality. The atmosphere is calm and inviting, it's nice and dim and really welcoming on warm days, and they have lots of comfy chairs and games to play if you aren't there to be productive.   Cartel has somewhat recently opened a small brewery at this location, which of the brews I've tried have been good, not great. There has never been anything wrong with a beer I've had here, it just hasn't been killer... and if you aren't doing something new or spectacular, why do it? Cartel's chai is a wonderful and refreshing drink and while I've had a couple of misses with their pastries, most have been tasty.   Cartel is simply an institution in Tempe at this point. And while it isn't perfect and sometimes the line is crazy, it is a great place to sit and hang or grab a nice drink for the go.
1	I know it must be hard to be a coffee company competing in the world with Starbucks and I get the hook this place is trying to pull off BUT here's the deal, you can't be hipster and elitist and the same time.  I tried to order a vanilla latte and I thought that the woman behind the counter was going to stroke out right in front of me.  "We really don't recommend you put flavoring in our coffee" Well I really don't recommend you scold customers when they try to pay for your product. I will drink my coffee however I like it.  I don't need a undereducated, 30 year old barista to tell me how I should drink my lattes.  Sooo if you like over priced coffee BLACK and black only then go on down to Cartel but if you ask for sugar be ready for a berating - don't worry that part is fee they don't charge extra for it.
5	Wasn't expecting an amazing cappuccino in the desert, but this place could rival many of my favorite spots back in Seattle!
4	Great place to study or work if you don't mind the music.  I love their music selection.  The plain coffee is really amazing, and they roast their own beans.  Only downside = VERY expensive.  $2.50 for a small coffee and refills cost the same as the first cup!
5	Don't let the hipsters confuse you, if you like a good cup of coffee this is the place to go. It's slightly more acidic than most blends that I've gotten, but it remains to be one of the few cups of coffee I can drink straight without creme or sugar to mask when someone burns their coffee like Starbucks. Going during their rather unknown happy hour gets you the drinks at a cheaper price! Also a great place to just hang out if you go to ASU and you need somewhere to study, I've seen my professors in here grading papers!
5	Oh my! I can't believe that I've lived down the street for 4 years and finally decided to try Cartel today. Well, I did try to go once a few years ago, but couldn't find it. So FYI, the front door is right off of Ash (University is the cross street). This place deserves its high ratings. Truly one of the best cappuccino's I've ever had. So rich & buttery. Yum. And just the right amount of foam. The coffee was so good I bought a bag of their fresh roasted coffees to take home. $17! But I guess it's cheaper than going there for coffee everyday. The atmosphere was actually pretty nice. Yes, a bit hipsterish, but who cares. It's spacious and has large tables and plenty of seating if you want to come and get some work done. Free wifi too. I was actually very productive there today...maybe that delicious cup of cappi was the motivation.
3	Pros:Best coffee I've had in PhoenixGreat vibey/trendy atmosphere (very hipster)Intelligent and friendly staffCons:Lots of "coffee snobbery" in the airNot a lot of wall outlets for plugging in laptop, etc. (had to sit at a small table with 10 other people)Overall, very good coffee (a must-try for the coffee aficionado), but a little pretentious for my taste.  Will likely go back, but not the most relaxed atmosphere which, to me, is essential in a coffee shop.
5	This place is awesome.  Hands down.  Stop reading this and go already!
4	A great little hidden gem near the ASU campus. Most of the clientele were students and possibly professors from ASU... locals I am sure. Great vibe, good coffee and tea for sure. I will come back and visit if I'm in the neighborhood.
4	A coffee house for the eclectic and the intellect. Great coffee, but served differently. Great space in terms of atmosphere and a place to do your work on the computer.
5	Yes this place is full of hipsters in an even cooler environment.  But who cares?  Cartel makes great coffee and the warehouse chic aesthetic makes even a dorky gal like me feel "with it."  I've frequented this place a number of times whilst struggling to finish my ASU degree and now that I'm a (quasi productive) member of society, I enjoy coming here even more, just to remind myself that my struggling student days are behind me.  I inhale the caffeine cloud emanating from my cup, taste, and savour.  Ahhhh.  Pastries and savouries are yummy and the baristas have never been less than super friendly.  Check out a local hangout and get caffeinated!
5	Really good coffee, kinda strong so I'll tell em to add more cream next time. It's kinda pricy but the quality is good. Love the designs.
5	This is the pinnacle of quality coffee in AZ. Cartel introduced me to the complexity of flavors in those coffee beans and taught me coffee shouldn't have an over-roasted, stale, and scorched flavor. Ever since that first cup of Santa Julia I've been hooked! (hope the Santa Julia comes back -_-) My favorite coffee now though is the Atitlan. They roast coffee in house and brew your coffee by the cup. They brew with the aeropress, v60, chemex and clever depending on how much coffee you want. You should definitely purchase whole bean and be brewing their beans at home too! If espresso is your thing, they also do that really well. I'm not really an espresso guy but there's is very good. Also, lattes and cappuccinos are amazing. Perfect balance of milk and espresso. That goes for the mocha too, the chocolate makes the drink sweet without overpowering the espresso.As far as ambiance goes, it's a bit loud. They have the music louder than most coffee shops so if you need peace and quiet than this may not be the place for you. I still manage to get work done here all the time but it's not the most peaceful environment. If you're here to socialize, however, Cartel is your place! Cartel also makes their own beer now and brews tea as well. I'm not very experienced with craft beer though so I will let you judge how good theirs are. I've had one green tea here and it was delicious. I'm not very knowledgable about tea either so I'll leave that to you guys.I've tried a bunch of places around Scottsdale because that's where I live and they all fall short. Press Coffee in Scottsdale makes great coffee equally as good. But their lattes and cappuccinos are...the same drink. It frustrates me to have a cappuccino that has way too much milk in it. Tastes like I'm drinking steamed whole milk...actually. Altitude Coffee Lab is a brand new coffee shop in Scottsdale and also makes great fresh coffee and roasts in house. The problem is that they don't brew by the cup. I can find places that come close to Cartel, but they all fall short! Cartel needs a North Scottsdale location.Anyway, if you're on the fence about it, get your butt down to Cartel and have some delicious coffee! No one does it better!
4	Great place for coffee, grading papers, working on my writing.  I've been coming here quite a while, and have always wondered about the strange concatenation of hipster-tude and the initially subtle Christian undertones about the majority of the staff.Anyone else have this impression?
5	love how they give you real green tea and roast the beans on site.  cool music and internet always works.
5	very interesting interiorgreat latte, not too much foamamazing coffee selection
5	Some of the nicest coffee to match some of the nicest atmosphere I've experienced at a shop like this. The experience is only amplified by the friendly folk they employ.
4	Awesome college coffee shop to check out here in Tempe. Just to much was going on here for me to study, but a wonderful place to grab a cup of quality and enjoy a good conversation.
1	It was just kinda meh. The coffee wasn't the best that I've ever had. The service wasn't anything special. I tried to come here to do some class work and couldn't get wifi in some parts of the store.
4	Cartel has really good coffee and tea, super loud music, lots of thigh tattoos, and a slow, overpopulated wifi network. In-your-face progressive, with bicycle wheels and local art. I find it charming & welcoming. Plenty of places to sit, not all of them are comfortable. I recommend it as a gateway to west Tempe.
4	Coffee is super strong, just how I like it. There's a very cool college vibe here, as well as urban art. Came here with my mom and we really liked it! If fake Starbucks coffee isn't your thing, come here! You'll be impressed!
4	Cartel has been my go-to coffee house for single origin espresso and pour over, however as of late - I feel that the customer service has declined. Let me clarify: The last 3 times I have been to Cartel, the line was not long, there was not a stack of drink orders to complete, and employees were not incredibly busy -- however my wife and I had to wait at the register for at least a minute or more while employees converse with each other or a group of girls that caught their attention (in fact - the girls pointed out to the barista that we were waiting before he turned to acknowledge us), the baristas failed to make eye contact or conversation with me or my wife during the coffee making process or after (not even the usual "how was your espresso?" or even "Hello, here's your drink" ), and the overall wait times were excessive for 2 out of 3 of our last visits (just over 20 minutes for a clever coffee brew - 2 orders in front of us - baristas chatting with 2 customers and ignoring others). This does not taint my view of Cartel of a great place to get a quality cup of coffee - but when a barista under-extracts the espresso, hands it off without eye contact, and walks out of frame before you can mention the tart, thin tasting beverage - Cartel risks losing consistency which is just as important as quality. I don't want to gamble my time and taste-buds for an artisan beverage without a guarantee it will taste good and arrive in a reasonable amount of time.The great service provided by Seth, Jeff and the girls that worked there over a year ago seems to be diminishing with the increasing size of the location and additional beverage responsibilities that the new baristas have. I hope they turn it around because I find myself defaulting to less tasty coffee options due to expected consistency and customer service. Cartel is not a 'rush-in-to-grab-a-quick-cup-and-speed-to-work' coffee house, but when I want to sit down and enjoy an Americano, I do expect some small level of interaction and consistency with the baristas making my drink.
4	Coffee's great, very expensive (like, think Starbucks then add a dollar per size). Its a good place to hang out if you have work or honework to get done or if you'd just like to spend a Sunday morning out of your house.
3	Overall I'd say Cartel is good not great. It's very trendy and I'm convinced that some of my friends on social media only go there so they can post a cool picture showing they're studying in a coffee shop. The coffee is good; however, if you really want study or get some work done it is pretty loud and there aren't many comfortable places to sit. If you're in the vicinity I recommend trying it because they do have solid drinks.
1	Do you enjoy hanging out with hipster douchebags? Are you a hipster douchebag? If your answer is yes,  then Cartel is for you.  The  place is infested with packs of unwashed,  pretentious ass clowns in skinny jeans.  Sure,  the coffee is fine,  but why suffer the hordes of annoying art-school losers just to get a cup of Joe?
5	Just go and have the best coffee in town and shut up about hipsters, uncomfortable chairs, not enough wall outlets, and the fact that they market specialty coffee. That is why they don't want to put flavoring in your coffee. They take pride in the unadulterated product. If coffee isn't your thing, go to Dutch Bros.
5	One of the best places for Coffee in the Valley!My go-to coffee house near my office, Cartel serves up single origin coffee in different pour over sizes. I love the hipster quality to the space and the people, even though I am almost always the only person in a suit. Given its close proximity to ASU, I imagine many of the denizens are students of some capacity.Every once in awhile I encounter a long line, but mostly the staff moves drinks very quickly.While it is very loud in the front, If you need to study or have a meeting, head to the back space behind the coffee bar, and its dramatically more quiet.
4	I like the coffee here.  Its been good every time I go.  Sometimes the music is a little loud and I think thats a bit much - but maybe I am just getting old.I don't know.  I actually like to have a conversation with the person I am there with.  Call me old fashioned, but the music doesn't need to send my drink flying off the table like I am in an 80's Maxell commercial.
4	One of the best places for good coffe in the valley, if you ask me. Just I find the baristas behaving a bit snobbish, in the Tempe location. Hence, one star less...
2	I guess if you are not near a closer local coffee shop, this place is ok. It beats Starbucks, but that's about it. I actually really wanted to like this place since they are always on top of the "best coffee shops" list. The menu is simple...too simple. There is no variety. I am usually ok with a latte or regular coffee, but not everyone is like me. My friend ordered the cappuccino, but the guy taking an order informed her that they didn't have that available to go, so if she wanted it, then she would have to stay there....uhhh why can't I have a cappuccino to go?...stupid. we got a little drink for $3.50....a little..I mean like 6oz. Yeah, definitely not worth it. The place is big and loud and uncomfortable. They are trying too hard.This place is definitely OVERRATED.
2	the coffee here is really bitter and burnt-tasting. i guess that weeds out people who arent "cool enough" to go here. if you are into style over substance, than you might love this place!
5	Day 4 of not being able to get my morning coffee from my favorite coffee joint -- I understand good coffee takes precision for a good pull, and the baristas here are the best in the business. But there's got to be a way to balance the long line that is always here, and the ability to get coffee out the door. Our world is too fast, I agree, but I just can't wait 50 minutes for a coffee these days.
5	Stellar espresso. Friendly roasters.I moved to Phoenix just recently and have been looking for a quality local roaster and this place is legit.I had a One & One and it came with an espresso shot, macchiato, and a seltzer to cleanse the palate. Terrific. It was really smooth and great with the cane sugar pump they had.There were also roasting beans at the time and the roaster was really friendly and let us pick his brain on the process to our hearts content.Just really pleased.
5	This place only gets better - nice to have all the extra room since they expanded and it still maintains that funky urban vibe with interesting furniture - we sat on cardboard chairs - and the best Cappucinos in the Valley!
4	I had a great chai latte here.. no overly empressed with the service. I think they guys working could have been a bit friendlier but maybe they were on edge because of how hot it was inside. I did enjoy the atmosphere however. Most importantly the coffe was great!
4	Great coffee joint but the Americano was a bit too acidic.  Lots of people were ordering some baked goods as well. Will have to try that next time.Just ordered the ice coffee, much better than the americano, less acidic.
4	If I lived in the area, I would likely frequent Cartel.  Their "One & one" is a great way to experience the wonderful qualify of their single origin coffees.  The barista was amiable and informative, even following up with me, curious how palatable the espresso (one)  and machiatto (& one) were.  Well, hell, I am pretty sure I just consumed a creamy tangerine in liquid form.  Yum.  I followed with a cold brew, same origin/roast.  Still delicious and citrus-y, super smooth and less acidic.  Derishous.Why the 4 stars?  No, not the obvious apple computer toting, tight jean wearing, "my band is so innovative and progressive because we have an accordion" hipster customers (why do customers complain about the other customers?).  The music is just way too loud and the chairs hurt my ass. Also, the prices are a little high, even for their quality.
5	In town for a show and got to play with the Prowling Kind. Mickey from the band is also a barista here and she's amazing. All the drinks were great (One&One, cap, Ethiopian Aricha pour over - so good), so many spots to sit and watch, sip and stop - def a must for coffee lovers coming through town. AND beers on tap. Can't wait to come back.
5	I love going to Cartel with my friends.  I love the atmosphere and the music.  It takes a little bit of time to get my drink, but it's worth the wait.  My favorite drink is the toddy.
1	Usually love this place.   But I'm now almost 30 minutes into waiting for my cappuccino.  Saw them pour my milk 10 minutes ago which means warm when frothing.     Unacceptable.
3	Coffee still great, baristas still eclectic and egocentric, and the wireless still non-existent. What more could one want?
3	I am in town for work and went there for a brunch. Hard to find parking since it's downtown. End up using one of the meters across the street. When you walked in, you could hear the loud music, which is kind of weird in the morning. I like the atomsphere and decor. Waitress took my order quickly. I had a latte and the pork hash skillet. Got the latte quickly and it has those pretty pattern on top. It was good but since I am not a coffee drinker, I couldn't tell how good it was. The skillet took about 15 minutes and it came out very oily. Taste is not bad though, but it's a bit heavy with all the oil. I think it's a brillant idea that they use the venue for coffee in the morning and a bar in the evening. The setting is definitely great for people to hang out and chill. I am just not sure the loud music is a great idea during the day.
5	One of the top coffee spots in the nation. Place is no joke and consistent in greatness... Not necessarily flavor profile as that obviously changes by season and bean and so on and so forth, but they truly have a great method on lock down from roasting to the baristas. Currently the yirg z from yirgacheffe is amazing on v60 and chemex. Also amazing  8oz americano to go... Yes you have to get it in a to go cup... Not sure why but it's never as good in a washed porcelain. Just have them wash out the paper cup. I swear it's a million times better. ;)
5	Beans are roasted inside. Best dirty chai latte iced or hot. Love the design of this place. Great to just come and hang out. College kids here doing homework. Very hip.
4	most hipster coffee spot in phoenix--not a bad thing!  the staff were very friendly/laid back. cool atmosphere.  i ordered a latte and a chocolate cookie.  the cookie was ok..i guess i was looking for something really decadent and i didn't really get that--it had more of like a protein bar taste to it; wasn't bad, wasn't good.  the latte was awesome though.  you could really taste the espresso. if you're looking for a latte that is essentially milk and sugar, you may want to look somewhere else. or ask for it sweetened.
4	Quality coffee and espresso in a funky and unique atmosphere.  The staff on the espresso machines are always top notch here.  The results show in the espresso.  There is no question that the training of the baristas is superb as is their respective dedication to their craft.  There is time involved in quality so be prepared to wait, but the wait is worth it.  I also love the "green" decor and raging originality of the location.  Now there is also beer!!! Can't wait to try it.
5	Cartel Coffee Lab is packed solid every time I've been there and for good reason. The coffee is just perfect! Compared to some other places where it tastes bland or watered down, Cartel gets it just right.It can be a bit pricey, but you get what you paid for, a delicious custom coffee :)
5	Simply the best in Phoenix proper (and one if the best in Arizona by my experience). Solid coffees, awesome space, a super team staff, and know-how to go with it. We simply ordered two V60s of the baristas choice and the excitement and passion that went into the selection and brews are the exact qualities that make the specialty coffee industry and experience so enjoyable. Thanks Cartel!
4	Great place! I went here for the first time today. Very cool urban environment and very roomy. The staff wasn't mean but weren't too friendly either. Also was pretty loud music so sometimes I couldn't hear my friend talking!
5	Once again, Cartel deserves a five. My only complaint is that they don't open at five, so I could go there again in the morning, since I have an early flight out.Best. Coffee. Ever. The very good news, however, is that they've opened a branch in the airport. I'll let you know if the service and coffee there is as good as it is on University Avenue.
5	Passionate, knowledgable, and excellent! BUT... It probably isn't for everyone. If you are looking for the best craft coffee in AZ, the. Cartel is the probably the place to go. The issue is that they tend to stay away from dark roasts. So if you are someone who just loves a classic cup of bold, nutty coffee. This place isn't for you. Also they don't do a zillion flavored drinks. The only flavored stuff that have is mocha's and vanilla latte's. So if you are someone who loves Carmel Frappacino's, this place isn't for you. But If you love perfectly crafted espresso or black coffee, then it's the best in town!
5	One Note- A busy, best coffee, college students popularity tucked in the corner of the strip. On  the Yelp app, it says breakfast/sandwiches, but it was more of a few baked goods and coffee. We went on a Saturday morning around 10:00 a.m. and ordered two mochas and a fresh blueberry muffin. The blueberry muffin was great- a perfect homemade tasting morning snack. Wait time was forever- but as we left, we noticed the line to be huge. We waited 20 minutes (or so it seemed) for our coffee's. There is some talent to the barista's, as they take their time- which I appreciated by the taste of coffee and kind service. They also brew their own coffee and mix it with liquor? Not sure of the concept- but it's cool- so I'm glad my husband and I checked it out. Many college students were gathered in a comfy corner- some with books and partly studied, some to chit chat. Don't come if you're not going to be patient and want your coffee fast or if you want a place to sit immediately. Otherwise, definately check it out if you're in town.
2	First time I've been back to Cartel in a while, and though the space has become much larger with more spaces to hang out, it's the same crappy experience.  Burnt tasting espresso, NO SUGAR, and music that was waaaaaaayyyyy too loud.  I've been to better, and I won't be back.
5	I found this place on yelp the other day when i was on a mission to find a place that does those cute little designs on top of their drinks.. haha lame i know. But I came across cartel coffee lab and had to check it out because of the stellar reviews!When I was ordering, I said I wanted a drink with the coolest design and the cashier kindly explained to me that although the designs are cool, that cartels main focus and goal is really on the taste of their coffee and how its made etc.. she recommended a cappuccino for me.Of course I received a lovely design on my drink, but she was right about the taste! It was so delicious. I've really only had starbucks coffee and the occasional dutch bros, but this place is really exceptional. Best coffee EVER.I swear I'd be here every day for my coffee fix if they had a drive thru!! lol :)
5	Seriously my new favorite coffee spot. Got a growler of the Toddy and I almost drank it all in one day. Very affordable and the atmosphere is amazing.
4	Great coffee. Their iced chai latte is delicious. Their hot drinks are not served that hot, so order them extra extra hot. The music can be really weird sometimes. The last time I was there, it was literally just random electronic noises and was very distracting. I'd recommend bringing headphones if you need to study or do work.
5	While I love the atmosphere and coffee here, the baristas could give two shits of a flying fuck about throughput. Despite my usual order of black coffee being easy and pretentious - right up their alley - I still manage to wait 10 minutes for service.  I would expect nothing less from an establishment of this tier. 10/10
5	This is my favorite Cartel location.  Since the renovation, it's really beautiful, but even before, it had a pretty hip, if slightly divey, vibe. The menu is super simple, no frills, but what you get is always good.  My husband, friends and I have spent many pleasant hours here, enjoying the lovely cocoa and tea, coffee, baked snacks, and atmosphere.  The service isn't super quick when they're busy, but that's because, although the menu is basic, every beverage is made with care (and you can taste that). They have tons of seating for laptop or school work (or board games - we brought our own) or relaxing. so you can come and stay a while..The people-watching is pretty excellent (hipster haven) and the art is exceptional.  I purchased an incredible painting by Jason Rudolph Pena for a friend, and it gets tons of compliments.  My husband also bought a tee-shirt here a while back, and still wears it often (Cartel, if you're listening, people tell us all the time that they want to buy one, so bring it back if you haven't already!)
5	Best in the west is all I have to say! I have been coming to Cartel since the early days, seriously the best coffee I have ever had. The atmosphere is solid, I always enjoy the tunes, and love the staff. I love living down the road and can smell the coffee roasting as I drive by.
3	It's hard to like a place like this when the staff members are so rude. I really like the chai teas and the cappuccinos, but taste doesn't matter when you're served by unfriendly and pretentious workers because it ruins the overall experience.Aside from that, the size of the space is really nice because you're not at all squished. Also they have these notebooks where people doodle and draw and it's very inspiring getting to see people's thoughts and feelings made into art. It's very hip.Overall: Coffee, great. Service, terrible.
4	Drinks were all made with top craftsmanship. Atmosphere was welcoming to all walks of life. Muffins were not greasy and tasty.
5	SERIOUSLY!?!?this is coffee?What is the crap I've been drinking all these years?I've been working in Phoenix for a couple days and can't imagine not having at least one latte a day until I have to leave to go back home.Nothing is as important as getting into Cartel each day!Thankfully, I just learned they have a spot at the airport so I can grab one last cup on my way out.
1	The coffee is full and rewarding. I have had just as good, I can make just as good. When I frequent a coffee shop I demand service. The two times I invested at Cartel, I was served arrogance and expectations as customer.
4	Cartel is an excellent, locally-owned coffee roaster and coffee shop. They've also recently added beer to the mix.I always buy coffee beans from Cartel to make my coffee at home. I also often get a drink at Cartel, but to be honest the brewing can be hit or miss depending on who's on the bar. Sad but true. Maybe a little more training and care is in order. I often end up with a very medicinal-tasting drink if I order in.As an ex-barista myself, I really like that the workers are not required to wear uniforms. I respect a boss who is secure enough in their brand to let the workers present themselves. Major peeve: WHY are the pastries always sitting uncovered on the counter? This is gross and it dries them out. I can't believe it's even legal. There isn't even a sneeze guard. I'm glad they expanded the space, but it's still constantly crowded.
4	* COFFEE AND ALCOHOL *i wonder if the coffee and alcohol trend started in phoenix.  saw several impressively spacious coffee cafes with coffee on one side and alcohol on the other. starbucks must be copying them since they are going to sell alcohol.plenty of seating. this is a wonderful place to grab drinks to catch up with friends. we tried the cold brew since it was HOT out (and only march!!). it had good flavor but was slightly watered down.  they roast and sell their own beans. the roaster is onsite. there is a sign that says no smoking within 25 feet on the front door.  but of course people were hanging out in front within 10 ft.  i'd love for cops to be able to give tickets for that!!there is a parking lot and street parking available.
5	The cartel has become my go-to coffee stop on Saturdays. They care about their product - carefully brewing their coffees and teas to rode an to perfection. They are well kitted with outlets and wifi which makes it a good productive environment and not too noisy. Lots of room since their expansion. I'll keep coming back.
4	I'm quite sure that we stopped by this joint at just the right time on a Friday afternoon.  Not too many hipsters, not too many students and the right blend of randomness.  The interior design is kind of a modern / do it yourself type of vibe - which is quite unassuming and warm.  I instantly liked it because I found out not only do they have awesome coffee, but they make their own craft beer.  I ordered a flight, offering a sample of all they have on tap and really enjoyed what they had to offer, especially the Desert IPA.  They have tons of space to stretch out and open up your laptop, and the service was quite friendly.  A little bit of people watching and we were on our way next door to Casey Moore's.  Definitely a worthy place to stop by for a beverage!
4	Being from Baltimore, we don't have places that serve Coffee AND alcohol.  We need some of them.  When we went in, my friend, who suggested the place, said that it had almost tripled in size since the last time she had been here. While on vacation in San Diego, Las Vegas, Flagstaff, Sedona, Tempe, and Phoenix, we had coffee in every city.  AND THIS PLACE HAD THE BEST COFFEE.  The menu was pretty basic, and sometimes ordering coffee gives me anxiety as I want to try new things, but don't want to seem like a nerd asking what exactly is a "venti mocha latte" so I do the fake it til' you make it method.  I got an iced vanilla latte, and MMM!  I saw some people with beaker and flask coffee "cups" and saw them on the menu, but honestly had NO idea what it was.  I just really liked the look of it.  I would have liked a menu with some descriptions of what it was.  I wish they had stickers.  I bet the coffee lab logo would be awesome.
4	the coffee here tastes like berries. I was told by a barista at another coffee shop that it should taste like berries, since coffee beans are actually seeds from coffee berries.I've had the daily coffee and cold brew and I got the same bright, fruity flavor.the staff was very friendly and prompt with service. there is plenty of seating around, now that they have expanded. they have wifi, but it seems a little bit too loud for studying. it's a super hip place and a good place to hang or meet up with friends.
4	Microbrewery & coffee house? Hello Cartel where have you been hiding all this time!Some have said if you want atmosphere head on over the Lux, but I think that's discrediting what Cartel has to offer.  Lux and Cartel Coffee are 2 different styles, respect the differences. Was in the area and found Cartel by fluke, I was in need of some coffee, yes I can admit I am a caffeine junkie and Cartel was my dealer, from the board above you can tell this a coffee joint (ok they have tea too if coffee isn't your thing).  I went with a Latte, which was perfectly blended with a cute little heart design, so sweet.  With coffee in hand I gave this place a more through look threw, I like the vibe of it, lots of seating room. I didn't realize it was a microbrewery until I had the coffee in hand; I'm intrigued and need to come back and inspect that soon.Since Cartel isn't that far from me I'm sure I will become a regular in no time haha.  Glad to find another place to get a good cup a joe.
5	This is an excellent craft coffee roaster in Tempe, located very close to the ASU campus. Would highly recommend it, and I will definitely return if I am in the area.
5	Great space and nice wooden seating and tables. They didn't seem to mind that I had my sewing machine out and was doing some projects. I like their savory scones...not sure what was in it, but boy was it delicious!The iced coffee is pretty slamming and I liked that they played 70s Brazilan romantic music. I didn't care for the hardcore indie rap stuff... as I'm not hardcore anyway. People seem to be pretty relaxed and not uppity so that's good. But then again, it's mostly young people so it can't be too "serious" of a vibe.
3	This place really makes me crazy. Love their coffee. Love to hang out there, but there is a huge, gargantuan problem with this place; it is truly the most inefficient specialty coffee shops in the lower 48. I got a double espresso and a cortado, not at all busy. The barista chatted with a coffee fanboy for 15 minutes about the most pretentious and obnoxious subjects while the drinks piled up. No sense of urgency, no hustle or acknowledgement that at this point 15 people from every social demographics (young, old, wealthy, college kids) were growing impatient and annoyed. I have been to all the Cartel locations in the PHX metro and this one produced the worst product in the most excruciatingly painful way. Hey upper management, it's time to punch your time card and fix this place!!!!
5	Awesome coffee. Great atmosphere. Try Cartel Coffee Lab over Starbucks.
4	Great coffee for the coffee snobs out there! Nice atmosphere, and great quality of products. It isn't wonderfully signed though, but once you find it, you're set! I always order a dirty iced chai...yum! Great for coffee shop working too, they have free wi fi and lots of places to sit down and get some work done.
5	Ive been coming here since they were just local roasters who wanted to make some drinks on the side. The coffee is excellent, they will occasionally throw out your drink and make it again if the expresso looks off. The staff is helpful, thoroughly competent but a bit snobby, as hipsters tend to be. Who cares, this is the best coffee in phoenix!
5	Cartel Coffee looks like an underground hipster coffee shop.  If you enter from the back side like I did, it looks like it is closed.  I like the coffee selection because it is very simple without too many choices to confuse you.  I got the freshly brewed cold coffee.  I am not a person who has a palate for coffee, but I can feel freshly induced flavors in the coffee.  The ambiance makes me feel like I am in the 1920s.
3	I drink coffee 4-5 times a day, but I'm no good at telling good coffee from bad. The coffee-philes I know say the coffee here is some of the best in town, but I've never been able to tell. I think my tongue is dead.What I do know is that the place feels like it's trying too hard to be hipster, and the clientele is trying even harder. Still, not a problem if that doesn't bother you, and frankly, why should it? You're here to drink coffee, not swap kale recipes.
4	I've lived in some very coffee-centric places in the world (SF, LA, Boston, overseas) and this is a good place to grab some espresso in Scottsdale. The baristas are super friendly and funny, a nice change from the exceedingly pretentious coffee-slingers of San Francisco and Los Angeles. Decor is a nice blend of retro and modern, music can be a bit deafening.
4	Stopped in today to sample some of their brewery offerings since it was near where I was staying. Sat at the bar and tried the 5 beers on tap, then ordered 2 10oz pours of 2 of them. Had a pretty good time here, the place is actually rather spacious once you get inside and had plenty of seating options. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The beers themselves were kind of hit or miss, I had higher hopes for the brown ale since it featured their coffee but it was rather "odd". A weird kind of hoppy bitterness that I didn't really expect at all. APA and Pale Ale were so so but I did rather enjoy the DIPA, and the grapefuit wit wasn't bad either.
3	I like the coffee, but this venue is lacking. I would recommend the downtown location. There is a certain 1990s-mixed cassette-hackysackness smell that doesn't quite mix with the high quality coffee they brew.
4	This is hands down the BEST coffee in AZ.  If you like good coffee (i.e. light roasted and you know what an Aeropress, Chemex, Hario is) look no further. I'm a big fan of light-medium body with fruit or caramel notes. I highly recommend the Arada or the Aricha. Those have been my 2 faves since going regularly for the past 9 months. I ordinarily will get a bag of beans for my at-home morning Aeropress. They run about $15-20ish bucks a bag. While I've had some excellent quality coffee beans for a little cheaper, the price is well worth it. Sometimes I will also stay and treat myself to a manual Aeropress or Hario, and service is excellent. I recommend a manually brewed cup, because it's much purer, and it feels like the barista makes the cup just for you, personalized, usually with a fun coffee cup (my last one was an old school mug with Bambi on it, haha). Staff is really down to earth, cool, friendly, and helpful. If curious about what kind of beans you may like, ask them, and you'll get superb recommendations. The quality of this coffee is premium. It may very well be the best I've had. I also love that they roast in house and also have beer on the other side of the bar.I really want to give this 5 stars. If I'm going off purity of coffee alone, this is easily 5, BUT you also need to take into account atmosphere when you go here. If you're going to hang out with friends or people watch, it's great. A little hipster, but I admittedly enjoy that in a place. However, if you're looking for a quiet and relaxing coffee house getaway, this is not the place for you. If you don't study or read or write well in crowds, get your coffee to go. The place is usually bustling, and they play music loudly (I get the feeling the employees just plug in their ipods to speakers). This is my only criticism. Sometimes I want a relaxing, quiet coffee shop experience, and Cartel -- for all its excellent coffee quality -- doesn't provide that. I think once, a weekday afternoon -- when they were playing Arthur Russell's "Soon-To-Be Innocent/Let's See" (kuddos to the employee who had that on their ipod) -- it was lovely and chilled out, but that was a rare exception.
5	Awesome selection of coffee, beer and pastires.  Great customer service with stellar decor.
5	I went to the Scottsdale location of Cartelbefore I came here. This place is the best. It's a massive space, filled with all kinds of seating depending on your needs. On the right hand side is where they roast their coffee, so it smells great as soon as you walk in there. I met the head roaster when I was there, he was a really nice guy and is super knowledgeable when it comes to his craft. What a great way to start the day! I ordered a pour over Wahana coffee, after the barista described it as the flavor of peppers without the kick, along with a coconut scone. The scone was perfectly crumbly, not too sweet, with just the right amount of richness from the coconut. The coffee was amazing, unlike anything I'd ever had. It actually did taste like peppers, in a good way. The coffee was savory and earthy. I wish I lived in the Phoenix area because I love this place.
4	When I'm in the mood for free range, organic only, vodka marinated, all natural (american spirits only, thank you) smoked people to eat I got to Cartel because this is wehere you'll find this crowd hispterish but there are also some of the old heads that actually saw all of those bands floating around here.Coffee is good (as it should be given tht its a freakin' lab).Found it funny I had to tab through two whole pages of reviews to find a real name. Ari, Mar, Kazi. start going by your bith names.Jesse from San diego needs to stay in San Diego. Talk about being served arrogance. Man, oh Man.Kazi ( btw what is a kazi?) needs to get in line at the starbux drive through.
4	Delicious roasted flavor, reminds me of the incredible coffee I had while visiting Chennai, India
3	Still consistent in product, atmosphere, wifi amenities, but customer service can be hit or miss. When cashier overcharges and it's pointed out, just apologize and remedy it, don't make it seem like it's the customer's fault. The 'no worries' attitude doesn't always apply.
5	Was pretty skeptical about coming to this place reading the previous reviews about customer service and the ambiance. We ended up coming here forcing ourselves because the reviews about "the best coffee in town" really did catch my attention. We come in through the back and come to the counter asking if we came through the wrong door. The cashier really didn't mind and told us how many doors to the coffee shop their actually was - there are three. We come from the whole Starbucks iced caramel macchiato scene so we weren't too sure what to order. We asked the barista what she'd recommend to someone who enjoyed an iced CM from Starbucks and she mentioned the agave latte, white mocha, or the regular latte.I'm pleased to announce that the agave latte is divine. The natural sweetener has a certain taste alongside the espresso and soy. My sister and my experience here could not have been anymore pleasing. Definitely coming back. :)
5	Best coffee in Phoenix, maybe in the Southwest. First timers, let go of your Starbucks-ruined coffee palette and taste coffee that is roasted with nuance and care. It's the difference between boxed wine and a 2010 Oregon Pino. Hold the creamer, sugar and flavoring. You won't be disappointed.
4	Another Yelp bookmarked place that was a winner! Ended up heading over to this area since we were going into the HTC place just next door to this particular location. We opted to give them a try since we were right there and this place had been on our list for some time.  I'm a big fan of coffees, primarily hot mochas. As such, I ordered a medium hot mocha with much anticipation for good coffee, given the great reviews here, and was not disappointed. Not only was the coffee good, but the barista took the time to make a fun heart with the foam on the top of my coffee, which I just love! Art made of coffee? I mean who doesn't love that?We revisited them a couple more times since then, and the coffee and service are consistent and excellent, which is what coffee persons want in a coffee shop, right? There are plenty of places to sit inside and some of these are located next to power sources for those that are looking to bring in a laptop and do other things while you're here. It's definitely geared towards the student and hipster crowds, and we aren't either of those things, but we didn't feel judged or unwanted despite it. We have gotten a negative vibe from some other coffee houses in town that have similar demographic crowds, but not here!Overall: AFun artsy feel, great consistent coffee, quick service and fun foam designs!
2	The espresso tasted, to my girlfriend and myself, bitter and musty, and my girlfriend described it as tasting acrid and almost chalky-tasting. Her face told the tale as it turned inside-out. I'm not sure what happened, but this was unlike espresso that I've had elsewhere, and was not an enjoyable drink. I really enjoy espresso, dry cappuccinos, espresso con pana, and espresso macchiato drinks, so I don't believe coffee tastes like sugar. The barista made it up to us by replacing the drinks with non-coffee drinks, but the taste tonight was an unpleasant surprise. I am sure we just came on an off night, but we'll give Cartel one more go-round in future to see.
4	Coffee that will seduce you into a false sense of security and then elope with your taste buds. From specialty brews to the standard drip, good coffee all around. If you're into great coffee I'd recommend forking a buck for a specialty brew.
5	My review is based on one thing only: A beer called "FYITM" which is a double IPA. This beer is world class and can easily compete with the Hop Slam's, Deviant Dales and Pliny the Elder's of the world. I'm not sure these guys realize what they have with this one. If marketing correctly, this could be their flagship product - it's that good.
2	When you walk in, be prepared to wade through a sea of Macbooks to the "MacRegister".   Pretty sure the term "hipster" originated as a password for PC users to get through the door here.   Atmosphere is half of the experience for the coffee shop lounger and though this place has zero personality, it's definitely neck-deep in "trying too hard".   As far as the coffee goes, it was nothing exceptional.  However, I will give them credit for not burning the hell out of the espresso, which seems to be a popular trend these days.  The staff was also friendly which brings a 1 star rating up to a 2 because friendliness is just as important as quality when I'm giving my money to an establishment.Peeking through the reviews, I saw, "free range, organic only, vodka marinated, all natural (american spirits only, thank you) smoked people to eat" so if someone could cue me in on that, I might reconsider this place (yeah cannibalism) since there was nothing else spectacular enough to make me willing open that door again.
5	My boyfriend and I popped in here in July 4th when old down was quite the ghost town. We were pleasantly surprised to A fine a place that was open and B that the roared so drinks were most excellent! We wish we had a place like tho in our quaint town of Pleasanton. We highly recommend Cartel Coffee - yum!
2	To follow up on my earlier review: the espresso shot seems to have been thoroughly over-extracted. The beans were probably fine, the grind may have even been okay, but the shot could have been left entirely too long, well past blonde, and this over-extracted. It's unfortunate, as there are lots of other places in the area to buy espresso pulled correctly.
5	This location is awesome. It's huge and has tons of seating for studying, chillin, meeting up with friends, etc. There are even loungey couch looking things in the very back. Staff was super friendly. It's right next to Casey Moores, so you can do some work than go grab a beer. You can also get beer here which is a plus. They play great music and are super close to campus which is awesome as well.
1	I was recently at Cartel Coffee Lab and ordered myself a small-size AeroPress Coffee. To my surprise, this small "kiddy" size coffee set me back by $3. As I started consuming the AeroPress famous Cartel Coffee, I began to wonder why does Cartel Coffee charge $3 for a coffee, when the often ridiculed and the supposedly overpriced chain called Starbucks offers the same size coffee for $1.75? And my AeroPress Cartel coffee wasn't itself that great; I mean I've had coffee of different roasts before, and I'm no coffee connoisseur, but Cartel coffee felt very watery and very plain. It was just like the pedestrian coffee I have sometimes at work.This place charges $3 for a coffee because Coffee Cartel thinks it's cool; it feels you're obliged to pay for its super-cool chilled out austere interior; it feels you need to pay up for all the nonsensical writing that's scribbled over its walls; moreover it feels you need to experience the pathetic service it that prides itself on.  What a pity!  Need a good coffee, I heard McDonalds is good these days. 1. Overpriced. 2. Pathetic Service. 3. Very limited menu.
4	Went yesterday and purchased a cold-brew and it was very nice, mellow-flavored coffee. Worth the trip! Reading the other reviews and have to say the staff was friendly and chatted with each customer. I'd rate it as one of best cups in town, as it's got great taste and really wakes you up. Paid about 2-3 dollars, but compare that to the burnt taste of Starbucks and it's well worth it. My only concern is seating was scarce. Oh and the parking lot had some weird security guy strutting around who stares you down like you're going to rob the place and was handing out parking tickets to make himself feel important. Besides that, I will venture back!
3	This Wi-Fi cafe is a popular local hangout with a large and spacious interior and lots of outlets for laptops. The vibe is hipsterish with a local following, and the norms include busy foot traffic and people socializing and studying at every turn. They usually roast their beans in the middle of the day, so the deep coffee aroma can be very enticing before you step inside. I'm usually here with my laptop, and the convenience of parking in the back has allowed me to come here for casual and important meetings.I had a small cup of Pilar ($4) that came from Guatemala with a crisp and airy consistency but a little bitter, chalky, and heavy on the finish. The added soymilk did not dissolve easily, prompting me to wish that they had handcrafted along with the pour over. The price was higher than Blue Bottle or Philz, so naturally I had to expect more from this drip.I also tried a large cup of Soy Latte ($5) with Borbollon, a Salvadoran bean that tasted smooth, silky, complex, and easy at the finish. The soy consistency was creamy and not watery like some other places. I prefer the Latte than the pour over.Service was friendly, responsive, and fairly consistent on every visit. Despite its popularity, their quality still a step behind some of the better handcrafted coffee places. A good place for studying and Yelping, I hope to eventually check out their downtown location.
5	Chicago transplant who has spent way too many hours (and dollars) over the years at Intelligentsia on Broadway. Cartel, you take the cake. Started with an americano and left with two bags of beans to make at home. The cashier was super friendly and gave me an iced coffee to go. Highly caffeinated and super happy... I'll be back.
5	Great place for coffee but the microbrews are really great too!! Excellent atmosphere.  Friendly and helpful staff.
5	This is for quality coffee drinkers. The prices are higher and the selection more limited, but you won't find better coffee in Tempe. The scones are well made, the cookies are great, and the atmosphere makes it a great place to study if you're a student. It's very popular, so be prepared to wait for your drink.
4	Cartel is a fun little place to go when you have one of the following:crazy caffeine cravingwriting on your to do list (you must own headphones)hipster withdrawalsa need for a place that serves coffee and beeryou want a snarky letter for abusing the one hour parking (Sorry, Cartel)All told, I really enjoy this spot. I will definitely be back--but I will park down the street...
1	Tempe transplant here. Came here on a Sunday afternoon and it was PACKED, wall-to-wall with hipsters sitting in oddly straight rows glued to their MacBooks. Some older women gave my husband and I the stink-eye as we walked in since we don't fit that hipster aesthetic. It was loud, but only because the ridiculous volume of the music, as only a few patrons were actually talking to each other.After waiting in a long, but quick-moving line, we ordered a black tea and an iced mocha. Both were awful. The tea was like straight up water. You seriously could not taste any tea at all. I get it, they are a coffee place, but when you have ten items on your menu, all of them should be exceptional. The iced mocha was a bit better, but nothing to come back for. My husband thought it tasted like refried beans. I couldn't get over the oddly grainy and chalky consistency. Overall, don't go here unless you like to sniff your own farts. I'm pretty sure the smug generated from this place was responsible for this year's monsoon season.
4	industrial feel to this place. Good for large groups or if you're alone also. Coffee is quite good. It doesn't taste like dirty toilet water like some places. FYI the sugar options are limited here. The only sugar they have is some organic type raw sugar syrup or something that you pump out of a bottle like ketchup. Seems weird at first, but the coffee tasted great. One pump should be enough...heh.
4	Cool Place to work, and have great coffee.
5	If you like burnt, dark, bitter-tasting coffee, then starbux is just up the road for you. This place serves the finest coffee I have ever tasted. If you're just starting out here, ask for their basic cappuccino and you'll be in heaven!  For more adventurous tastes, ask the barista as they really know the product they sell.  If you're lucky enough to come in when they're roasting, even better. And the music is just first classNow if it were just open a little later than 10pm it would be perfected!
2	I don't think I'll be visiting here again. To be very honest, it just wasn't my scene. It was extremely crowded, exceedingly loud, and too hipster for my taste. The staff was very impersonal as well, which is something that naturally comes with working at a busy spot.My biggest grudge, however, was that they didn't have real sugar. They only had liquified cane syrup that tasted AWFUL. Definitely not for me.
5	Yo I COME HERE EVERYDAY.... Wish they had a stamp card tho  {cough cough} great coffee and scones. They should make more banana bread. Also discount their baked goods later in the day. Other than that, this is the spot.
5	I found this place while on vacation and it turns out it's a favorite for locals. Thank you yelp! Anyways, I always have trouble ordering coffee because I don't like it too bitter and the cashier helped me find a sweet drink that was awesome. I've never seen a cold toddy on a menu before and it was great to try one. The customer service was excellent!
5	Haven't tasted coffee this good in a year. These ppl truly know how to make quality coffee. Their dirty chai is truly "dirty", but in a good way. Love the atmosphere. It's mostly filled with my fellow Generation Y'ers but it's still has a good mix of different age groups. A great place to meet up and discuss ideas, be productive, and just socialize. This will surely be my regular spot once I move to Phoenix.
4	Definitely a very "hipster" atmosphere at this coffee shop located right by ASU Tempe campus. Music is playing at a pretty high volume, so I wouldn't recommend anyone who appreciates silence when studying. Lots of tables and outlets available for individual and group studies. I ordered an Iced Green Tea, priced at $3.75 (average coffee and tea shop pricing.) The employees are pretty relaxed. Totally would recommend anyone to stop by and check it out at least once!
5	Roasting coffee on the spot with their fancy coffee roaster, best place to buy coffee beans with tons of flavor!  Smooth coffee, pretty decent draft beer selection too.  Had the banana bread and the carrot cake w the fam, everything was awesome, including Daniel the coffee roaster.
5	This is an amazing place. They sell espresso, aeropress coffe and tea snd have several locations across Arizona. Never had a better cup since coming to the US. Their coffee comes from small family farms in Guatemala, El Salvador, Mexico and Ethiopia and is not over-roasted. They also sell pastries made with real butter from the Public Market Cafe. I just wish they could come to Bay Area:-)
4	Love their chai tea. The expansion and additions in recent years have been really nice. I remember several occasions when I couldn't find a seat anywhere. So thankful that's not the case now - thanks for expanding! The noise level is usually low enough for working or studying, and the music selection is good.My only complaint is the vibe given off by some of the employees. A few times I have felt almost unwelcome in the coffee shop. I am placing my order and the employee could not care less. The "too cool for you," hipster standoffish attitude can come across unpleasant. Where is the customer service? Smile more, I promise you everything is awesome!
4	This is by far the best coffee place ever for a couple reasons: 1) they roast their own coffee beans, 2) they play the best music, 3) it is very trendy and appreciate that,   3) the coffee is very good!, and 4) they have free WIFI.  I highly recommend this place. If you come here, you will never want to go to a Starbucks again.
1	Hipster hole in the wall....so THIS is where the unemployed miscreants of Phoenix hide out and pretend they're somebody. Found this place via Yelp, looking for that hard to find Starbucks alternative in Phoenix. We came in through the back door, which was what....a dirty college dorm where some guys were working on their home brew? Co-Op shared space? Soapbox derby car manufacturing??? What?Oh...Coffee is served in the OTHER side. Beer dudes made a snarky motion to the counter on the other side of the sea of dirty R.E.M tshirts. Ok. My coworker and I were in work uniform, which by the looks from some of the patrons, both confused them and bothered them. Doth my white collar employment offend you? Ordered a dried out, tasteless scone and a cappuccino and was told it could not be served in a "to go" paper cup. No reason or explanation. This was NOT a place I wanted to stay and drink my coffee. I needed daylight & fresh air, not some wannabe hippie's feet propped up next to my table while he played Mahjong. Sat in misery and quickly drank my cappuccino so I could get the F on outta there. I will add this to the long list of places not to come back to. Also to the list of places that try too hard. Yuck.
1	I waited 16 minutes for one drink. There was no sense or urgency while the barista made drinks, and no apology for the long wait. I won't be visiting again. It's a shame because my drink was amazing and it's only a two minute walk from where I work, the customer service was just not good.
3	Dear Cartel,What happened between us? We used to be on the same page: good coffee, a nice vibe, convenient. But now... I just feel like you're trying so hard to be cool or whatever. Today you gave me scalding hot tea in a mason jar and a tiny vintage tea cup. I know you thought you were being clever and off-beat but did you know how difficult it is to hold/carry/pour a glass that is hotter than the boiling pits of hell? The tea went everywhere. The tiny cup only held half the remaining tea. It was just so unnecessarily hipster, Cartel. Look, I know you mean well but I think it's time we took a break. I'll always remember when you were just a tiny coffee shop tucked into a strip mall.Goodbye.
3	Same stuff different day at Cartel. Girl at the register told me she didn't know what a cortado was to get me to explain it to her. I have ordered them here for YEARS. Really?!
3	This coffee shop was just okay. I enjoyed the vibe, with all the metal and bicycle decorations, but finding seating was scarce.My best friend and I took up two whole couches next to each other when we had the chance since we had a few others joining.I like that they serve coffee and beer. Best friend had an Espresso Excelente, which was tasty. It had horchata, espresso, and cinnamon in it. I just had a soy latte which was nothing to write home about.I could not for the life of me find sweetener anywhere. No sugar, no simple syrup. Nothin'. And my latte sorely needed it.Customer service was good, though. Clientele seems mostly college-aged kiddos doing homework.
4	When pulling into the area, I was a little skeptical. It's way nicer on the inside!As someone who's not a HUGE fan of coffee (I usually stick to the Starbucks drinks that hardly taste like coffee), I wasn't too sure I'd actually like anything here. I was pleasantly surprised! I enjoyed my iced mocha quite a bit, and I liked the atmosphere of the place, but it was really hard to find seating and a little loud. Will be coming back!
5	Try the one & one: it should be on every espresso roaster's menu.My favorite Phoenix coffee shop!Signed,A doting Seattlite
2	I'm somewhat at odds with Cartel.  It presents itself as this contemporary coffee shop that has something in common with the younger crowd especially the socially conscience.  Charlatan is perhaps a strong word but it's still close.  Organic anything?  NOFare trade?  NOStevia or Monk fruit?  NOAlmond milk?  NOBesides the cool name and decor and super convenient local (which is what took it from 1 to 2 star), I'm not sure what Cartel has going for it.  Nothing really, the coffee is actually pretty terrible.
5	They feature a different black coffee each day - super unique and they tell you not just the country but more specifically where it's from. Great vibe for business or catching up with friends.
4	Seems like a stripmall dive until you walk in. Then you get smacked in the face with awesome smells and a great, expansive atmosphere. Great place for a cup and your thoughts, but just as good for a group to sit and have a lively debate.
2	The coffee is fine.  I am very thrown by the fact the don't have any center or sugar for taking.   Their poor costumer service skills is the single reason I do nor plan on caffinate here again.  They yell at their customers which is just poor business altogether.
4	Cute, modern, coffee warehouse type cafe building. Good baristas and coffee. A great place to chill and enjoy a espresso with friends.
4	I LOVE this place. It takes forever for a cup of coffee, but it is fresh, made to order. The Tempe location is the best. They serve beer now, too. Great people, a local dive for sure. It's pretty expensive for coffee, but so good! Cartel is our favorite place for coffee. Starbucks doesn't stand a chance next to Cartel.
5	Best coffee in Tempe. Super strong. Espresso excelentes and awesome if you want a sweet treat.
2	My review is probably going to be very unpopular as cartel coffee has turned to a cult but nevertheless...here we go.I had to finally try what the hype is all about and ordered a cup of cappuccino. The service and the ambiance are great and the cup of coffee looked gorgeous. The taste however was awful. The coffee was sooooo acidic (citrusy, they say) that I couldn't drink it. Bummer :(
4	I LOVE this place. It takes forever for a cup of coffee, but it is fresh, made to order. The Tempe location is the best. They serve beer now, too. Great people, a local dive for sure. It's pretty expensive for coffee, but so good! Cartel is our favorite place for coffee. Starbucks doesn't stand a chance next to Cartel.
3	Hipster heaven. Bring on the 1920s era boots with dungarees to match. Really cool space. A terrific, vintage roaster is prominently displayed and obviously used. There is clearly a craft coffee shortage in my hometown. A line was nearly out the door. I scored an espresso. It was served up effectively and efficiently. In my humble opinion, the coffee was good...not great. A little too much fruit/acid. Not enough chocolatey smoothness. But, that's my taste. Not necessarily everyone else's cup o' tea!However, my girl ordered a pour-over. And, pour-overs take a while. But, after ten minutes of waiting, we asked. Oh! We forgot about your pour-over coffee! Just wait another ten minutes. Derrrr...I don't want to wait another ten but I guess I have to cuz my girl is a caffeine junkie and so am I. Can't function without the wonderful stuff. I got to taste my girls cup o' joe and it was delicious. All in all, they have a good thing going but need to tweak a couple of things. I would return.
2	A big sigh and a "meh" which is the sound of me shrugging my shoulders and saying a begrudging "ok". ^^ That's how I feel when people ask me to go to this place.  I am by no means a coffee snob which is probably why I really don't like this place.  All I ever want is either a) a normal coffee with sugar and cream or b) a latte/cappuccino that I don't have to make my "shot face" when drinking it.  (Does that make sense? I make a pretty ugly face when I take shots because they're gross and I don't want to make that face when drinking a coffee drink.)  Unfortunately I've never really enjoyed their basic coffee or their "fun" drinks. (And I've tried.  About every time I go I try something new.)  I really like the downtown location for the atmosphere and the food but found that this location did not match up to that.  This location seemed dark and quite frankly messy- everywhere I looked just seemed disheveled and a bit dirty.  I was going to order a brownie but was deterred when I saw a few flies and fruit flies in the case- which I totally get can happen and normally I roll with it but it was the icing on my unhappy cake.  I do not think I will agree to going to this place again..... maybe the downtown location but not this one.
5	In the past eight years I saw this place truly become the best coffee spot in all of the Phoenix Metropolitan area, I am not even able to find an equal in Austin sadly.  I originally went when it was only one office and eventually was expanded to triple the size.  If you want true coffee, made the right way, with a friendly upbeat/hip atmosphere this is the place. Even though I do not drink I believe the expansion into brewing is a great one as well as having real Teas for relaxing and just hanging out.  If you love coffee, if you love hanging out, if you want to relax, go here.
5	Love the atmosphere here...pick up games of chess, free wifi, sweet tunes, and delicious dirty chai
4	If I lived here, I would dehydrate here.Cool place, yes, hipster central but a gen x person could slip through if sufficiently slovenly.  Great brew- and that is two fold, I started with a hot coffee and read the paper while seated in a cozy couch.  Then I moved into the beer room, and had a flight undoing all the learning I did whilst reading in the coffee room.  Two vices- caffeine and beer- always a winning combo.  Great beer by the way, friendly service.  You can chill here for a while or warm up with a good cup of suds or java. Why not!
4	Great spot, but the University Dr. address is misleading as the front door faces Ash and it is not visible from University.
4	I went to the one in Old Town, Scottsdale. I ordered a decaf cappuccino as it was late and did not have high expectations but was really wowed! Service was exceptionally friendly and the cappuccino is rivaled only by the ones I've enjoyed in Europe. Will go back to Cartel whenever I have the opportunity.
4	Really cool spot, good beer, cool vibe, Hipster feel,  Good place to hang with friends or study.  Different rooms have a different setting, so it can be social or quieter.
3	Meh. Coffee is very acidic. Not very impressive, felt like I just added a spritz of lemon into my coffee.
