4	S'Bistro is every bit as good as Bonnie G says.  And she is a woman of her word because, she SHO did have her birthday here, and I attended.  It was times like these I wish there were a half-star rating, because S'Bistro is better than 4 stars, but not quite 5.   I have not had food this good or attractively presented in a while.In some ways this restaurant still feels new - although it's been open since Sept. 06.  On a Tuesday night it was just our dinner party and another on a rather barren and eerily quiet part of Downtown Mesa.The owners were super friendly and went out fo their way to make us feel at home -- even allowing us to choose the tunes and chill our brought-in dessert in the fridge.  We scored the circular high-backed banquette booth in the back - which made us all feel real classy and shit -- as if the tuscan-paint scheme, candles and chandeliers weren't enough.  I felt they were trying to rush us in the beginning, but that seemed to wear off when it was obvious we were going to be a while.  The rest of the evening didn't feel as pushy. The food here was spectacular.  Everything I ate was delicious, seasoned, cooked and presented with care -- all with an edible orchid on top.  The highlight among the appetizers was the portobello mushroom.  Granted all of the appetizers we tried were terrific (including the salmon cakes with dill sauce and the baked brie, garlic and blueberry compote), but the portobello was melt in your mouth tasty - arriving on a bed of sauces.   I mean - it bests any grilled portobello I have ever had.  For dinner I couldn't help but go for the Las Cruces Spicy Chicken salad.  Tons of different flavors here- the Southwestern rub grilled chicken, spinach, vinaigrette, blue cheese, fresh strawberries, mango and pineapple completed this and I am NOT a fan of salad.  It was more delicious and filling than I expected - and a steal for $16 I thought.It's definitely worth the drive out to Mesa, if you're considering a high-end dinner with some peace and quiet.  Note:  It's BYOB with a corkage fee because they don't have a liquor license -- yet.
4	Chef Brian just might be crazy, but he's certainly a cooking genius. This place, while mired WAAAAAY out of the way in downtown Mesa, is quite tasty.It's intimate, cozy and a perfect date place before heading to the Mesa Arts Center. If this place was closer, I'd go more often.It's BYOB, which is great, as you can splurge a bit more on food without your wallet feeling too much of a strain.Chef also rents out the place for the occasional party.
4	We went here for the first time for my boyfriend's birthday, and DAMN, were we all impressed.To find such a cute, cozy restaurant in Mesa was great, but to find such a place of THIS CALIBER was just fantastic.  Everything we had was amazing (even the escargot!) -- the strawberry creme brulee was especially tasty.  Also, as others have mentioned, S'Bistro is BYOB, which is wonderful particularly for Mesa.  If you bring a dessert, they'll keep it in the back fridge for you.  I'm going back tonight for Christmas Even with a brand new batch of people, so I'll have to see if everything is just as delicious and wonderful as last time.
4	The food is very fresh and tasty and the prices are affordable.  I just got back from lunch at S' Bistro and everything on the lunch menu is $8, from black angus burgers to seared ahi tuna salad (which I thoroughly enjoyed).  The only downside was the service.  Our server was cheerful but forgetful and slow.  Perhaps she was new...  Anyway, I'm looking forward to my next visit!
5	Had a lot of fun dousing a few super-delicious strawberries and cream puffs at the chocolate fountain during the Yelp Rocks event Thursday night... I could've swam in that chocolate fountain bobbing for cream puffs all night, I tell ya!  Here's hoping S'Bistro will be present at the next rock-some party Gabi organizes!
4	Chef Brian and the crew are the creme de la creme of Mesa (and Phx area, for that matter) eateries. Speaking of creme - the creme brulee is the best I've had. Salads and appetizers are all wonderful and entrees are perfectly cooked and large-portioned. Prices are very reasonable, especially for food of this quality. Lunches are also great, with a special that changes daily, just to mix things up. If this was the only dining establishment in Mesa, I wouldn't miss any of the others. Once you tried S' Bistro, your previous favorites just won't measure up - yes, it really is that good! My cardiologist isn't thrilled about the weight gain, but he loves their food too. Five star food, but can't go all the way cuz they're not snooty enough - which is why I love it.
2	Ambiance and atmosphere was fantastic.  However, the food was below sub par.  Our portebello mushroom appetizer was nothing to write home about and my boyfriend described his stuffed chicken and risotto to taste like "lemon pledge".   I had the halibut which was definately not fresh fish and awefully bland and the sauce seemed starchy and blah.   For what we paid it didn't seem worth it.
