5	Regardless of my age, I will always love Disney. Every time I see a Disney store while out on vacation, I have to go! Now that I have a kid I even have more reasons to go! The Disney outlet is great, they have a ton of similar stuff you would find at a regular Disney store, except discounted! On our visit there, my daughter was feeling a little under the weather so I thought a trip here would cheer her up, they had a ton of sales on shirts.. $3-5 dollars on kids characterized t-shirts..2.99 for tumbler cups for the kiddies, and a sale on their plates and such.. they had a ton of sale racks for clothing in the back of the store, along with more sale items against the walls..this put a big smile on my face along with the baby girl! Their plush toys weren't really that much of a sale to me.. I think over in the bay area they go for 2 for 25 or something? Over here they go for 2 for $28, only a 3 dollar difference..haha but I love bargains! I did find a really cute Oswald the rabbit plushie.. I haven't seen in any of the Disney Stores I been too.. I love Disney =)
3	I wanted to get some shirts for our Disney trip next month and thought this would be the cheapest place to get them. Well it was. They have kids shirts for 6 bucks and adults were 10.I bought a few and saved a bunch of cash buying them here and not at Disneyland.They really do need to work on their customer service though. Not very friendly or helpful.
4	I'm surprised that I didn't write up a review sooner. We usually find great deals here. We've got lots of nephews and nieces (I've got a huge family, like any other Filipino, right?), so we do lots of gift shopping here. Besides, we are fans of Disney, too. Usually, there is an ongoing promotion for the character t-shirts, for adults and children- this is usually right smack dab in the middle of the floor (under $10). Watch out for the annoying older lady doing the swapmeet hustle, who will very loudly announce the latest specials, especially when there is a crowd of customers. She wasn't here last night. This is a popular store and during the day, the line for checkout is pretty long.There were markdowns (last night) before Christmas- like ornaments- $5.99/single- $12.99/set- $9.99/set. The regular priced stuff is in the front, at both entrance doors. The markdowns are in the back, and along the right side of the wall, near the cashier counter. Sometimes, there is an additional promotion located behind the cashiers, which could be a plush or a mug, for a really low price.You will find clothing- t-shirts, pajamas, sets, jackets, shorts, as well as costumes, toys, plush animals in different sizes, kids plateware and cups, seasonal/summer- towels, swimwear, and shoes/sandals. While the focus is on kids, you can find many lots of adult clothing. You can also purchase Disney books, gift cards and tickets to Disneyland here. I think we've seen many, many, many Disney characters represented here. If you're a Disney fan, this is the store for you. (Let's face it, if you're at the DL theme parks, this stuff is extremely overpriced. Our most recent visit to Disneyland (earlier this month), the tickets for one day entry was $80 each, and parking was $15.)The difference between this store and the one at Premium/South, is that store carries other brands (surfing brands, target) besides Disney, and this one looks more like the Disney retail store, while the other one feels like a warehouse type store- often only carrying one size in many clothing items.
3	I don't have a kid and I don't like branded anything or character anything in things I own.  So what am I doing here? My niece is turning 2 and is all about Minnie Mouse so I came looking for a gift.  I couldn't find a cute shirt in her size so I only left with a Minnie bonnet on sale which is a step closer to a outfit though! My brother and SIL got bagfuls of stuff for their boys and for gifts to other nieces and nephews. I can see this being a good and bad place for parents as you can get suckered in, though you might find some stuff your kids would really love.  It was hard to find stuff for 2 years old as most stuff was in 3T and up so keep that in mind if you have a little bitty.I do recommend if you are in need of clothing for your trip to the park, load up here! You can get a shirt for kids between $5-$10 and adult ones for $10-$15. I once bought a shirt at Disneyland at the request of a cousin and spent $20 + for a simple shirt.I obviously am not going into this store often so my rating is its A-OK for me.  For a Disney person or a parent,  you might be way happy you came.(Yelp 100 Challenge 28/100)
4	I'm a die-hard, life-long Disney fan! I have the golden passport that gets me into every Disney theme park in California and Florida for the entire year. I love Mickey Mouse, Goofy and the gang. So it's a given that I would love the Disney Outlet store! This store is relatively neat, organized and clean. It's always well stocked and the prices are great. I make the trip downtown to buy my Disney nightshirts ($10 for adults, you can't beat that)! They also usually have a decent selection of random housewares (character mugs, tableware, travel cups, etc.). I don't have kids but it would be a great place to buy toys, stuffed animals, costumes, etc. for the little ones. You can save some serious money. Every year around the holidays, I go here and buy some quality Disney stuffed animals to donate to the Christmas toy drive. Expect to pay around $6 for a child's t-shirt and around $10 for an adult shirt. Be sure to check out the clearance rack for super cheap deals. The store has a good mix of merchandise that was made and sold specifically at the major theme parks (Disneyland and Walt Disney World) and then items made just for the Disney Store that, for some reason or another, failed to be big sellers in the retail stores.Be warned: the store plays NONSTOP DISNEY MUSIC so if you are stuck in one of the store's notoriously long checkout lines, you may pull your hair out before you make it to the register.
4	Just went here. I've been here about 4 times. And..this place is amazing. I get super excited and want to buy everything.They have a tonn of things and its actually pretty cheap.LOVE this place.
5	We were there yesterday and were blown away by the service. We wanted to buy my daughter a soft plush princess doll. Since she is a red head we were looking for Merida but didn't see any. We nearly bought Cinderella when a nice employee asked if there was anything she could help with. We asked about Merida and she said she thought there might be some in the back. After about 10 min of digging in the back she came back with the doll and it was on sale. Quality customer service.
2	I used to LOVE this outlet store.  I have spent hundreds of dollars during my previous trips to Las Vegas here.But now they have very little have discontinued Disneyland park merchandise in the store.  They said they may get some again around the holidays.So sad, I told a bunch of people I would bring them back a shirt from Disneyland and then.... poof... no adult sized shirts at the outlet!  UGH!!!Please bring back the loads of discontinued park merch, please!!!
5	Everyone here greeted me and wished me a magical day.  That's more love than I've received from any store in a long time. I was finally able to come in here and find the larger slze stitch plush. They have apparently just begun to carry them. Awesome. I bought a bunch of reusable bags, plush, and a few clothing items. The store was shockingly clean and so nicely organized. I couldn't be mad about saving a few bucks here and there. Awesome. Customer service was on point and there was no line for those ready to check out. I found a number of good deals and several of the newest tsum tsums, only the tiny ones. Still, that's all pretty awesome.
