5	I went to Beli when this salon first opened, and LOVED my hair.  She did the cut and color.  Not only did she spend a lot of time talking to me about what I wanted both with the cut and color, we also talked about manageable solutions to my constantly dry hair problems.  It was such a great experience.  My cut and color were great, and the health of my hair has improved dramatically since following her advice.  In fact, I am calling as soon as I finish typing this to schedule my next appointment!!
5	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 003/365 (8/3/2011)Ever since the day I bought a Groupon to Pico Madama over two months ago, I've been anxiously anticipating the day of my appointment.  I just couldn't wait to experience the BeautyScope hair magnification / scalp exfoliation / scalp massage - and, as it turns out, it was better than expected!Highlights / observations of my visit:1.  Store location (in the Crossroads Commons) is very convenient if, like me, your travel buddy is male and would rather not just wait in the car or the salon.  Stores in the area include Whole Foods, Barnes & Noble and Sports Chalet.  Target is across the street.  My friend had no problem passing away the time (about two hours).  I actually had to wait a bit for him to come back (lol)!  2.  The salon is very clean and cheerfully colored, two aspects that really emphasize an uplifting yet calming atmosphere. It was easy for me, even with my predominantly Type-A personality, to sit in the chair, close my eyes and just clear my mind.3.  Beli Andaluz was my stylist and also happens to be the salon owner.  She's a very upbeat woman who obviously really enjoys and knows her profession.  She was able to explain to me the results of my before & after magnification with ease and in layman's terms.  She also let me know what kind of products she put in my hair during the exfoliation, wash and blowdry, and why exactly she used them.  Otherwise, Beli is easy-going but not overly talkative.  I'm more on the quiet side and appreciate it when hair stylists can sense this about me (on their own).4.  The various aspects of my appointment involved various products by Chihtsai.  As a self-proclaimed "natural hair nut" (absolutely no sulfates or parabens, and rarely any silicones in my shampoo, conditioner or styling products), I am very particular about what I use.  So of course when I read on the Pico Madama website that they are Chihtsai's exclusive supplier in Las Vegas, I had to do research beforehand.  And yes, Chitsai's products aren't cheap - but you definitely get what you pay for!  I ended up buying a bottle of Olive Essence Lotion, which Beli recommended (not haggled) for my oily yet sensitive scalp.  It's been only a few days since then but I love this stuff!All in all, I believe that Pico Madama completely deserves a five-star rating from me - anything less would be an injustice!  As a result, I highly recommend this salon and hope to have the chance to come again in the near future =D
5	I was frantically looking for a place to do my hair on such short notice. My stylist wasn't available so I turned to trusty Yelp for help! I'm happy I found Pico Madama because they took me as a walk in which was cool cause I wanted my hair done before Wednesday's Yelp event and this is the only day I was free. I needed my roots touched up because my streaks were growing out and my Bob cut was getting too long. I don't know much when it comes to hair so I'm glad that Beli and Asaf took creative control. We decided on low lights which would help blend my highlights . This idea was outstanding because everything blended beautifully. Even though we went with the low lights you can still see shimmers of my streaks which made my hair color more interesting . Asaf did a wonderful job on my hair cut . I had a picture of how I wanted my hair cut on  my phone but I couldn't bring it up because I'm not technologically advanced. The owners Scott and Beli were nice enough to let me use their computer to bring it up. My bob turned out really cute ! I hope it turns out this cute when I try to do it myself! If you plan on making an appointment here go to their website first because they have specials for first time clients. I'm bummed I found out after wards while writing this review. The service was well worth every cent though!
5	I purchased a Groupon for a shampoo, cut and style based on the excellent reviews for this place. I was able to get a same-day appointment and when the stylist that I was originally booked with called in, I lucked out and got switched to Beli, the owner of this business. I dreaded the "what kind of products do you use" question, but when it came and I said "Herbal Essences" I didn't get laughed out of the room :) She told me I had beautiful hair and did not try to sell me on switching products which was totally refreshing. I was in and out quick, which I appreciate, and I had a great experience!I walked out and still had money in my wallet and my hair looked awesome! Thank you so much, I will be back.
5	I was at Pico Madama recently for my 3rd. Keratin Treatment done by the stylist and owner Beli Andaluz. I'm so pleased with the job well done. Beli is great! She really knows and loves her profession. It takes about 4 hrs. to do my hair, and I haven't heard any complaint from her being tired. Beli you rock! The salon is very clean, elegant and modern. I recommend everybody to try Pico Madama.
5	Beli is great!  She listens to the customer and has great skill.  Also she does a great job with styling.  My hair looks amazing.  I will be back.
3	Hmmm...I have to knock it down a couple of stars...I went to see the same person that have cut my hair before, but sadly, the service that she provided wasn't as top notch as the first time.Last visit:Her assistant shampooed my hair and it was a relaxing, pleasant experience.Her  hair blow dryer didn't burn meShe didn't rush through the process and taught me a few tricks to turn boring hair into beach wavyShe was personable in a good moodThis visit:She shampooed my hair and she was hurting me since she had nails, they were basically digging into my scalp.  Kind of painful.Her blow dryer burned me twice and she had to set it to a lower heat settingShe had another client that just arrived so I felt rushedShe barely spoke and wasn't in a good moodAlso, for some power surge/shortage issue, when two stations shares the same electrical outlet, only one blow dryer will work while the other shut down.  So when her blow dryer is down, she had to ask the other stylist to stop trying to use the electrical outlet since she is working with a client (me).  When she turned on her blow dryer again, it went back to that high heat blasting mode and burned me again.I also noticed a red mark on my forehead but didn't think much of it.  I just now touched it and realized that my forehead was scratched by her nails.Other than the service issues, the salon is very clean, sleek, and modern.  The receptionist is super friendly too.  Upon arrival, I was immediately welcomed and was offered a beverage.As to whether or not I will return, still pondering...
5	Update Alert!  I am bumping up my rating of Pico Madama.  Why?  I had the facial scalp treatment today and here is my assessment of this visit:1.) Beli is knowledgeable and very attentive.  She explained everything to me about my scalp and how the treatment would help. I am going back every 3 months to get this treatment.2.) My scalp is rejuvenated with the exfoliant cream that was brushed onto my scalp.  It was nice and tingly.  My hair is nice and soft, I love it.  The scalp massage was so relaxing as well.3.) The salon was spic and span, like previous visit.  From Beli to the receptionist, they always make sure that you are doing good. Everyone is very friendly. Both Beli and Scott, owners of Pico Madama are client-focused.  They make sure that their clients are satisfied with the services rendered,  but we as clients, must let them know.  I experienced this first hand.If you want to indulge yourself, try this scalp facial treatment.  Healthier scalp equates to healthier hair.  I am a fan.  Side note:  Beli has great style, I will come back for a hair cut as well.
5	You know it's a good salon when you leave the place looking like a million dollars.  You know it's an awesome salon when five weeks later, you still look like a million dollars.This was a great find on Groupon.  My go-to hair stylist is now Beli.
5	I have fine, dry hair and I have been searching for help. Pico Madama uses a special microscope to show me the health of my hair and scalp. I can actually see what I am dealing with. Beli, the owner, explained everything to me about my scalp and how the treatment would help. My scalp massage and scalp exfoliate really made a difference. The salon is gleaming (not just clean) and everyone is so nice and professional. And this place ONLY focuses on hair and I like that.
5	Great salon, combined with Moxie salon a few months ago. Everyone is very professional. Color artist Susanna very talented and always available when I need her. Products and talent are excellent, you won't find a better salon in Summerlin.Carlos is the "go to" person for a great haircut in the salon.
5	Carlos did an amazing job with my hair.  The highlights are incredible and I get compliments all the time.  He is a master at his craft.
5	Thank you Beli Andaluz for doing a great job with my hair! I love it :)
5	After moving to Vegas and leaving my long time stylist in Chicago, I faced the prospect of finding a new salon.  Based on the Yelp reviews I decide to try Pico Madama today.The atmosphere was clean, bright and welcoming. The staff was courteous, friendly and were able to accommodate me immediately without an appointment.My stylist was Ama who was wonderful! She listened to my preferences while providing her recommendations. The result is fabulous! I highly recommend this salon, specifically Ama.  I will definitely be returning.
5	Ama did a great job with my blow out. she also gave me tips on what to do between appointments to keep my  hair full of body and moisture.She also suggested upon my return a cut and a nice color to get ready for the winter season.The salon itself is BEAUTIFUL. The staff is super friendly and upbeat....this salon is a hidden jewel.If you have never been....you need to go!
5	Pico Madama is a gorgeous salon! Susana Visathep (color specialist) has been doing my hair for years. I've never been more in love each time I walk out of the salon. She has a great attitude, super sweet, and super GORGEOUS! She is a must see for any color need. She listens to what the clients want and is open to any requests. I would highly recommend her!
5	Its a new year, I'm starting a new job, might as well try out a new hair salon, right? It was time for a haircut, and I decided to schedule an appointment here after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. The woman who answered the phone was very energetic and nice. She asked me what day and time I would prefer to come in, and then named the 2 stylists that were available. I asked for her recommendation and explained that I was a first time client. She asked me if I had short or long hair. I told her short, and her recommendation was Jeff because he "is very good with short hair." I usually prefer a woman hairstylist, but thought, why not? I know there are good men hairstylists out there too.The salon is nice and clean. I mean really clean. During the 2 hours that I spent in the salon, there was a woman mopping the floor and wiping down the stations/furniture the entire time. The employees were also very generous and offered to get me water or coffee more than once. Similar to other salons, each stylist has different price ranges.Jeff was great. He took the time to listen to my concerns and what I wanted. He was very knowledgeable and made some good suggestions. The atmosphere was relaxing and Jeff took the time to do a really good job. You could tell by the way he was cutting my hair that he wanted it to be perfect. I love the look of my new hair! They use products by Phyto, which I never actually heard of before. At the end of my appointment, Jeff handed me a sheet of paper called Phyto hair care program. It listed all the products on the sheet and he checked off the ones that he used. He did not pressure me into buying at all. When I went to pay for my haircut, the receptionist gave me a Phyto brochure, which was kind of unnecessary since everything is found online nowadays, but definitely appreciated. It shows that they really want their clients to learn about these products. She also did not pressure me to buy in any way. If you are a first time client, don't forget to let them know because you get 20% off one service! I will definitely return for my next haircut!
5	Ladies, get your hair cut here by Corey, you will not be disappointed!! The professionalism and hospitality of the staff is great and the salon is super clean and stylish. Corey cut my hair and I love it. I was wanting a change in my long red hair and wanting to donate it as well. Corey gave me a super sweet and sexy short cut and I donated 13 inches to The Angel Hair Foundation. Corey is awesome, he listened to my needs and gave me an amazing hair cut. I even went back a week later to get some more curls "carved out" and he showed me how to use my straightener as my curling iron and more styling tips. You will love this guy!So, the salon is great, the staff is great, my haircut is great! I got 20% off my haircut and I even got a little goodie bag with some hair care samples and lipgloss! I will definitely be coming back in the next couple months :)
5	Ama did my hair this weekend. she was really patient and reassuring with me. I've had bad experiences with highlights before and she went into very clear details about what she would do. I had grown out my highlights over several months and she did an amazing job of blending my regrowth to my old highlights. will definitely go to her again.
5	I am officially in love with this place!The interior is very modern, elegant, and trendy.Awesome staffAwesome serviceAwesome salonI had a 12pm appointment with Jeff Dille. I just scheduled it for a cut and color since I really had no idea what I wanted done. I arrived about 5 minutes early and was greeted by the receptionist who also offered me coffee or water. Jeff came out promptly at noon and led me over to his station. He started off by telling me about his hair philosophy. What I really loved about him was that he wanted to work with my natural hair, rather than change it into something else that I'd have to work hard at maintaining. The main problem I've always had with other salons is that they just straighten my hair and cut it. Of course it's going to look nice when I walk out the door, but once I wash it, it just looks like crap again. I only straighten my hair about once or twice a month because I actually embrace my curls, so I hate it when stylists act like my hair should just be straightened all the time in order to look "nice." I did not run into this problem at all with Jeff.After telling me about his philosophy, he went on to  analyzing the texture, shape, and color of my hair to figure out what would best suit my face shape. I told him I was thinking about getting it cut at least shoulder length, so he started throwing out some ideas about cut and color. He was sure to keep asking me what I thought, so it was a decision that we made together. After ten minutes of talking, we decided on cutting it slightly above my shoulders and adding partial mahogany highlights. He sent me over to the washing station where some guy with a lot of piercings (sorry, I totally forgot his name) washed my hair. Then Jeff came back to start cutting it. He kept me entertained the entire time, always talking and making me laugh. Every time he had to leave me alone for more than 5 minutes, someone always came by to ask me if I wanted more tea or any other beverage. They were all very accommodating and polite. Before I knew it, it was almost 3pm and I was just getting done with all the coloring and highlights. I was sent over to the washing station again where the same guy washed and deep conditioned my hair. Then I was sent back to Jeff for the final styling.He used a diffuser to blow out my hair, then put some mousse and curl creme in to style it. It was very simple, which is exactly what I asked for, since I told him I only like to take about ten minutes out of my day for my hair because I'd rather sleep longer! After seeing the final product, I was pretty elated. I never knew my hair could look so amazing in its natural state, without having to use a hair straightener or curling iron. He was totally right when he said he was going to make my hair look "sexy." It looks so good that I still keep marveling at it in the mirror, 5 hours later.I've probably taken about 500 pictures of it so far, but I'm only going to post one on Yelp (the mandatory before and after):  http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/fY98pqh9nvo03fkv6c86SA/l.jpgI highly recommend Pico Madama and stylist Jeffrey Dille if you're looking for a five star experience and hair that will turn heads!
5	I was going to another high profile salon in Summerlin and I wasn't happy with my color, so I decided to try Pico Madama after reading the great reviews.I was more than pleased with the service and atmosphere. The salon is clean and the receptionist was friendly and attentive. I was offered champagne...who doesn't love that!! I was blown away by the color I received from Susan. She was professional and you could tell she knew what she was doing. I am hooked and I will not go anywhere else.
5	I have fine, short hair and I was very afraid somebody will give me a "too short or too long" bad haircut. It was my first time at the salon. Corey got me my best haircut in my life, ever. Love it!He made me feel comfortable and had nice conversation during the haircut. He explained the products he was using, but only when I asked about it. I had not felt he is pushing me buying etc...I will be back, whenever in Las Vegas
1	** Words cannot describe how TERRIBLE this salon was. This was BY FAR THE worst experience I've ever had with any salon!!! Don't spend a DIME here!!! **The salon itself was nice, tidy, no complaint. But the HAIR STYLISTS there were FRIKKIN clueless on how to do my hair. I asked for a simple touch on roots, but NO, they HAD to be pushy and throw in a bunch of crap that I've never even heard of. I told them, as long as my hair is finely retouched at the roots and the bottom is not touched I'll be HAPPY.5 HOURS LATER after my hair is FINALLY finished, I stare at my hair and the damaged, disgusting color that's come with it. At first I thought the color wasn't TOO bad, hopefully it would fade in the shower.The next morning I took a shower and I couldn't help but bawl my EYES out. My hair was 4-6 different shades of blonde/orange/gold, I couldn't believe how disgusting and unprofessional my hair came out to be.And no, that wasn't enough. I kindly asked Belle (supposedly the owner) to check out my hair, and wow, this girl is THE most RUDE, SNOOTY 2 faced person I've ever run into my life. She never listened to me, when I politely told her what had went wrong, she rudely threw in snarky remarks, I was just completely outraged. I honestly think she hasn't graduated any further than the 5th grade.Me being civilized I left the salon, and went back to my old salon to fix the damage she has done.I'm telling you this right now, this salon is just pure awful. I've been to a few salons in Vegas, and I've had nothing but pleasant experiences, but this salon was THE WORST I've ever been in in my life. I'm not a picky person, but if you GREATLY damaged someone's hair and then immaturely deal with your customers, you shouldn't open a salon!Now I have to pay $200 for the stupid damage they've done!! Shame on you Belle!!!
5	Last month I posted a review about my hair well done by Beli Andaluz, but I didn't say why. I want to say that I got my keratin treatment done for the fourth time by Beli. And I just love it, my hair is smoother, more manageable. I also got a haircut by Beli of course. And once again she did a great, great job. I just love her. Everybody at the salon are nice. The salon is always super clean. And Beli is very attentive and always with a welcoming smile ready to give her clients the best of her. Pico Madama is the place to go.
5	Awesome shop, very professional setting and staff.  For a cut and style Ama is the go to stylist.  She's very upbeat and a natural perfectionist. She has an eye for style is very attentive and keeps your hair stylish and healthy.
5	Susana is just great, I've had her doing my color/highlights for the last few years and she is excellent!! She always listens and is sure to help me get the look I want. She also makes me feel quite comfortable so I always get to relax during my appointment :)
5	Celeste did my hair (partial highlights and added $25 for lowlights) plus a cut and it turned out great! I ended up buying some shampoo and conditioner from her as well. I found Pico Madama from a Groupon I bought and I'm so glad!
5	1st visit:Saw Celeste while I was pregnant to fix my roots we couldn't do an all over color but we did highlights and I felt much better leaving then I did arriving! 2nd visit:Celeste did a great job with my 5 inches of grow out from being pregnant it was almost 5 hours but I'm no longer dark anymore! Pre prego I was very blonde but couldn't get my hair done all the way while I was pregnant now I'm back to normal and look great thanks again Thanks for hooking me up girl see you next time!
5	I've been using groupons in search of a new hair stylist and this place fit the bill.  Wonderful experience and Celeste did my cut and color and I will be back.  Finally found a great hair place.
5	The staff at Pico Madama are true professionals.  Every member of the staff was extremely nice and accommodating.  I was offered a beverage at check-in and immediately seated with a cold mini bottle of water in hand.  The salon was extremely clean, welcoming, and well equipped to handle any hair needs.  I selected this salon & stylist Jeff Dille based on other yelpers who praised his work on short ladies cuts.I was a few minutes early, and Jeff came right over to greet me and let me know he would be with me in just a minute.  We started with a brief interview of what I wanted to do with the cut.  He gave me an overview of his extensive background and an insight into Phyto, the product line they use.  Not expecting to be wowed by another product line, I met the shampoo assistant by the washing station.  While the actual shampoo could have used a little more scalp massage pressure, the Phyto products made my scalp feel amazing & refreshed.  In the past my last stylist shaped my pixie cut with a razor cut.  Jeff explained that his style was a bit more technical through the use of scissors.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I had the distinct feeling that I was in good hands.  He took his time and made sure that all points were evened up, then carefully blow dried my hair.  My hair has never looked so sleek or soft!    I absolutely must find out how he styled it that day, because I've received mountains of compliments over the past day & a half!Upon getting the much needed trim, I noticed that my color needed some modification/refreshment.  After Jeff finished my cut, he went to grab the color book to do a quick color consult before I left.  Extremely professional, thorough, and capable; I can't say enough good things about Jeff Dille and Pico Madama.   They're located at Charleston & Fort Apache, on the side of the building that faces Fort Apache.
5	Today was my first time at Pico Madama Salon.  Needless to say I will be returning!!!  The salon is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  The stylist who worked with me was AMAZING!  Her name is Lety.Thank you Lety for my awesome highlights and my new haircut!  I loved it!  I can't wait for my next appointment with you!
5	While on vacation I purchased a groupon to get my roots fixed.  Not only did I get an appt. the very next day, but I left very happy.  Celeste was my stylist and I was thrilled with the results.  I have fake blondish hair and my black roots and another layer of brown roots from a previous root touch up attempt.  Celeste was able to bring all my layers into one seamless color with highlights.  Service was very quick and for the first time I had no water splashed in my face when my hair was washed!  BIG YAY!I will looking for her when I return to Vegas.
5	Today I got the opportunity to try a new salon and had the best experience.  The salon was beautiful, clean and everyone was so professional and knowledgable about their product line (Phyto Paris) which I loved also.  Celeste Wara was my stylist and she did a fantastic job.  I will go back to see her for the next event.  I had my hair scoped to see my scalp magnified.  Great day.
5	Celeste rocks!! I had an appointment for a haircut, style, and partial highlights and she exceeded my expectations. She listened to what I wanted and I walked out of the salon with great loose curls and my highlights were spot on. She is also very easy going and that made the time I spent in the salon fly by.
5	I am a 56 year old woman and wanted so much to find a good hair stylist that knows what they are doing.   I found this salon doing research on Yelp. This is a very professional and courteous salon.  The staff are wonderful and all work together as a team.   Jeff Dille cut my hair. Jeff is very skilled and very accurate with his hair cut and blow dry.    He is very kind and patient and will go out of his way to make you happy.   I am thrilled to have found this salon!  Now that I found Jeff Dille he will continue to be my hair stylist !   Thanks to Yelp and all the great reviews...I am very happy.   Looking forward to my next visit!
5	I recently had my hair done with Keratin treatment for like the 7th time, it was done by Beli Andaluz and as usual my hair is super smooth and soft and shiny. Thank you Beli for making my hair beautiful again, you rock as always!!!
4	I am impressed with the quality and efficiency of this salon.  I badly needed a trim and style, as my shaggy locks were definitely screaming "fix me!"  So, after a quick call, I scheduled a last-minute appointment and away I went.  The salon is very clean and boasts a "Beautyscope Hair Health Assessment" as well as a trademark "Scalp Facial," both of which sounds really interesting and informative.  Every part of my haircut, from shampoo to cut to style, was professional and personable, and I left the salon feeling fantastic.  My stylist recommended that I get layers to give my hair volume; I was cool with that and yes, my hair DOES have more body now.  Looks great too!Tip: if you have a groupon or other discount that you'd like to use, speak up upon arriving.  I neglected to do so and wasn't able to use mine.  My bad.  However, that means I'll have to visit again for another luxurious session.
5	They say Groupon brings in bad people, but I can honestly say it goes the other way around too. Businesses using groupon, can be like finding a diamond in the rough. Fortunately this time, I struck a gold mine with Pico Madama.  By far the best staff at a salon I've ever been to! Everyone is so down to earth and genuinely sweet.  My stylist was Celeste, she most definitely kept me entertained, and was extremely knowledgeable about all the phtyo products, hair care, and styling. Oh and did I mention she can take care of any tress that flows or Afros her way. I have ethnic wavy coarse, damaged hair, that I'm of course growing out from a bad hair nightmare two years ago, and she managed to cut off just enough (an actual trim) not a 5" trim lol.  Who knows I may even come back for some highlights. Something I would never do at any other salon, that's for sure (see other reviews). I think it's time to make another appointment :) Will probably try the scalp facial this time, since a client, while I was there last time, raved about it.
5	Zena is Incredible!I've followed Zena to 3 different salons now.  She has landed a Pico Madama and I'm so happy.  It's a great salon.  She is such a lovely woman and is amazing with hair.  I have blonde, naturally curly hair that I wear straight.  Zena is so amazing and talented at giving me long layers that grow out fantastically!  My hair is long and I can go 3 months or more in between trims with her.  I've been with her over 3 years now and would follow her anywhere.I get compliments on my hair all the time!  I always refer people to Zena!  Andrea P.
5	Celeste is an amazing colorist and will take awesome care of your hair! Love the cut, service and style of this salon. Run don't walk!
5	Jeff did an awesome job. I am definitely coming back.
5	Now, let me say that I am VERY picky about who does my hair and what products they use. I moved to Vegas from Socal nearly 3 years ago. The same stylist did my hair in Newport Beach for 11 years. To say that it was stressful to change hairdressers would be an understatement. :)When I first moved here, I was fortunate enough to be referred to a guy who was great and took very good care of my hair. Unfortunately, he basically left the business and I was stuck finding someone new once again.After drifting from salon to salon and having some VERY bad experiences in the process, I landed at Pico Madama. What a difference! This is the only salon I've found in Vegas that even comes close to the overall quality of my Newport salon. The owner, Beli, is wonderful, as are all of her employees.After trying a few stylists, I have chosen Letty as my permanent stylist. Letty is GREAT. You should ask for her. :) She honestly gave me the best hair cut I've had in years, and her attention to detail is among the best I've ever seen. I've had Letty cut, style, color, and keratin-smooth my hair. In all honesty, I can't say that anyone has ever done any of it better. I highly recommend Letty and Pico Madama...and I'm very grateful for having found them! Thanks, Letty, Beli, and staff!
5	I am new to the area and was desperately in need of a cut and a refresh of my partial highlights. After checking Yelp, I decided to try my luck with Celeste at Pico Madama. I am SO HAPPY that I did. Celeste was amazing. After a consult, we settled on matching the blonde I had, as well as adding in some deep copper low lights. I can't remember being this happy about  a haircut/color in a long time. My hair has not been this healthy or easy to style in ages. I will definitely stick with Pico Madama and Celeste!
5	I moved to Las Vegas 6 months ago and was really nervous about finding someone new to cut and color my hair so I've just been avoiding it altogether but after waiting this long my hair was in bad shape.  After reading reviews on Yelp I decided to give this place a try and I'm really happy I did.  Letty did a great job on my cut and I'm especially impressed with the coloring she did.  I had some pretty specific requests on what I wanted and have been disappointed in the past by other stylists that weren't able to achieve it but Letty was perfect.  I've been getting compliments on my hair all day.  It costs a bit more than other salons ($225 before tip for a cut and color) but well worth it. I'll definitely be going back.
5	Celeste is AMAZING!! She's super knowledgeable on color!! I've never loved my hair so much!! Thank u Celeste!!!!
5	Celeste is AMAZING!! She is so awesome with color!! I love my new hair color!! I finally found the perfect place for hair!! Thank you Celeste!!
5	I decided to give Pico Madama a try after seeing it was close to my house, and reading the great reviews.  Well I was not disappointed! The place is nicely decorated, and super clean.  Celeste was my stylist, and a great one at that!  She was super friendly, and definitely knowledgeable about the hair products, and what would work best with my hair!   I had a fabulous time sipping champagne, while Celeste made my hair look great.  It was so great that I signed up for the hair and scalp treatment special event with the phyto products.  I know I have found a salon that I can call home, and would recommend it to anyone!! Thank you Celeste!
5	The salon itself has a really unique and relaxing atmosphere.  The girl I spoke to at the front was very nice and made sure I was comfortable.  I'm a guy and  I called last minute to schedule an appointment so I didn't look like a total slob for my date that night.  I had been getting my hair cut at home for the previous few months by a friend so there was a lot to be done and I was in a rush to be at dinner on time.  The salon not only got me in that very same day, but they also did a fantastic job and made sure I was done in time for my dinner.  I saw Jeff and I can honestly say that I have never been so happy with my hair.  It has been over a week and I am still getting compliments on a daily basis!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SALON AND JEFF!
5	I was referred here by a friend of mine who is a hairdresser in San Antonio, TX. I called in the morning and got a same day appointment. The salon is clean and the front desk staff offered a drink while I waited for my appointment (I was early.) I must say ... I walked in shaggy and badly in need of a trim, I walked out feeling like a movie star! My stylist was Zena and she did a fantastic job. Her attention to detail was impressive. She took her time - my scalp didn't feel singed even once during the blow-dry. She fixed the blending of the layers in my hair - which is something no other stylist I've been to in years has done. I will definitely be back - and she'll do blow outs, too so I have my place to go next time I have somewhere to go!
5	A little mishap in the beginning with ordering the hair for extensions but what a turn around with Crystal at the front desk! Crystal kept me calm and truly elevated my first experience with Pico M. She was creative and quick on her feet in fixing my hair order dilemma and now I will be able to make the flight with my new hair ;) Crystal also impressed me with her knowledge of hair care with the extensions which truly amazed me especially for working the front desk.Thank you Crystal and Letty for doing all that it takes to please a difficult guest like me  ;)
5	This is my first Yelp review and I have to give it to Pico Madama.I just moved to Vegas and PM is just 10 minutes from my house, that really helps! I'm Asian with jet black long hair. I tried coloring from other stylists before and they never get it right. I pretty much have given up. I met a friend who had her hair done by Beli at PM. She is Asian and she highly recommended Beli. I'm in my 30's and my wedding is coming up in December. So Beli suggested that I try coloring now so that I have time to see if the colors would need any tweaking. I feel like Beli genuinely wanted me to be happy with the colors. I just got my hair done by Beli yesterday and I cannot tell you how satisfied I was with the result. Perfection!!! I'm not the dramatic kind but I was smiling from ear to ear and giving everyone a hug. Beli gave me a full highlight without bleaching my hair and then lifted the tone of my hair with Ash base (I hope I'm getting this right, anyway, Beli has all the notes about my colors). I wanted something classy, modern and she delivered!!  After coloring, Zena gave me a hair cut. She definitely knows her things! With minimal communication, she knew exactly what I wanted. She told me about the plan and confirmed with me throughout the process. I felt comfortable and oh man, what a great hair stylist she is! Fast cut and precise. Also, what a genuine, sweet person she is. I love her! I must mention that I got married 1 month ago here in Vegas and Jeff gave me an updo. He was meticulous, professional and awesome. Also, I give 5 star to the customer service and environment. I love the French music in the background. It makes me happy. :) Well worth the money and i will come back for sure.
5	5 star salon...and I'm a guy :-)Tried several other places since we've been coming to Vegas over the past 5 years, but nothing ever came close to Pico Madama - value, service, ambience, talent is stellar!!I like that you can walk in with your girlfriend and not feel out of place, you both can get a top notch treatment and service. The owner Beli is a delight to talk too, with the biggest and warmest smile to greet you, so welcoming!Xena is my stylist of choice, her hair cutting and styling skills are exceptional. I can't recommend her enough if you're a man looking for that perfect cut, its effortless for her and with her, she's that good. I keep short hair and use zero styling products, but like it edgy and dynamic, so you can imagine the challenge for her and she delivers every single time. I would follow her to the moon for a haircut if I had to :-)  I even got one of their phyto scalp treatments and my scalp is still thanking me for it. This place is a keeper, can I give it 10 stars? I would if I could :-))))
5	Love this salon,so friendly the staff makes you feel very comfortable. Beli colors my hair and it always comes out to perfection with no fading in between visits. Zena cuts my hair and does an amazing job. I highly recommend this shop, prices are very fair .
5	We had just moved to Vegas and were looking for a top end professional salon.  I found the ratings on Yelp for the Piico Madama and my husband and I decided to try it.  I had Jeff and my husband had Zena.  Amazing job by both stylists and true professionals.  They actually take time to look at your hair, shape of face, neck and head to provide the best cut possible.  We are so pumped to have found this salon.  They are the best!!!
1	In town for work for couple of months and needed a trim.  Found this place on yelp and it got great reviews so I made an appointment.  I was sooo disappointed.  I literally wanted to cry when she was finished.  I kept trying to tell the hairdresser what I wanted but she wouldn't listen.  My hair is above the shoulders to begin with and I still wanted some hair left on my head.  And when you tell me you did a great job and that it looks good and I tell you I want you to do some changes it means I don't like it and you didn't do a good job.  It doesn't mean chop it all off.  And it's not even even.  Worst haircut I've gotten in my life!  And it was $60!  Save your money and go elsewhere.
1	It was twice the amount I expected!  And that was with the first time 20% discount!  I asked for just a hair cut.  I have short hair.  It cost me $60!  I have a simple layered cut...not worth it!
5	This place is fantastic! Welcoming, friendly, beautifully decorated with gorgeous orchids and clean as a whistle. And best of all the color and cut were outstanding. I was warmly greeted upon entering and Beli, the owner introduced me to my stylist, Brianna. I showed her some photo's of what I wanted my color and cut to look like and she examined my hair for compatibility, pointing out what would work. We looked thru the color swatches to combine for highlights. I wanted subtle, and too often do not get what I ask for. Brianna nailed it and with a rich chestnut brown base and brown-red highlights. I asked for color blocked highlight and she exceeded my expectations. She is a true artist, not just a stylist. It is slightly more expensive then your average salon, but totally worth it! Beli gave me some product samples, which I really appreciated. Don't hesitate... make an appointment!
5	Letty my stylist is awesome. I have been to Pico Madama three times now and have been more than pleased each time.  She has done my highlights... A touch up and haircuts all with great results. She is always running on time and I have never had to wait. The Salon is clean/modern and staff is very friendly. I highly recommend Letty!! 5 stars.
5	Great cut by Jeff! He really took his time with my consultation, discussed how he would cut my hair & gave me a perfectly layered cut.  He gave me some samples on my way out too.
5	I'm new to Las Vegas and after spending months of searching for a great salon, I have finally found a winner! Brianna is the best! I am usually afraid of dying my hair or cutting it because I have had horrible experiences in the past but she did exactly what I wanted and 1000X better! Plus, the products they use are amazing. I typically do not buy my hair care products directly from the salon but they use a line called phyto and it did wonders to what I thought was irreparable hair. So, of course I had to have it so my hair always looks like I just came from the salon! I definitely recommend this salon! Best in Vegas!
1	I got red high lights here, and every time I sweat or got my hair wet it dripped red on my clothes and towel. I had red high lights done before and this is the first time it happened.  I don't understand all the good reviews here. I looked at many of them and they look like fake ones because they only reviewed one store....?!I went there at 9am in the morning when they were not busy. But the stylist did not pay attention to the job. As she's cutting my hair, a lady came over and started sweeping the floor, she would use the broom to touch my leg and sweep my leg as well. I am not sure why they do that there.  The hair cut was not that great too. This is by far the worst salon experience I have had.I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!
5	Awesome service here. I didnt really know what haircut i wanted and i had a couple ideas and I had Jeff cut my hair and he did an awesome job!! Beli did my scalp facial and she a super fun to talk to also. Definitely recommend this place!
3	I just moved to Las Vegas from from Washington, DC and was looking for a new hair salon. I selected Pico Madama based on the Yelp reviews, plus I was able to purchase a Groupon for $79.98, that covered full highlights, healthy color shot treatment, haircut, and style, which a great deal. I called to make an appt for Friday, Nov. 22 at 5pm. I had asked for the latest appt available due to my work schedule. I got to the salon on time and was immediately greeted by the owner, who was getting her hair done by one of the stylists. She offered me a glass of champagne, which I declined and asked for a bottled water instead.  I waited for a couple of minutes, then Brianna, my stylist, introduced herself to me and took me to her station. She looked at my hair, discussed what I wanted as far as highlights and color.  She told me that my Groupon did not include color (which I wanted to touch up my roots and hairline to cover some gray, and that it would be extra. She never told me how much extra until the end of my service, even though I asked how much it would cost. I would have purchased it anyway despite the price, but was annoyed that I was never informed until after the fact. I told her that I wanted more highlights/lowlights, and she started to work, which took quite some time.  Once she was done with my highlights and touch up color, she told me that she had to work on another client, but would get back to me. There was no timer, so I had no idea how long would that be and she didn't tell me. The owner came by again and gave me a glass of champagne, and told me that she had to leave but that I would be taken care of. After she left, 2-3 other stylists left and there were only 2 stylists left, plus the attendant.  In the meantime, I sat there for a good 30-40 minutes before Brianna came back, only to tell me that someone else would be shampooing, treating and cutting my hair because she had to do another client's extensions.  The woman I was handed off to, while she was pleasant enough, was rather slow because of her arthritis, which she told me about. She also talked about inappropriate topics to me, e.g. the torture and abuse of Ethiopian women in Saudi Arabia. Since I was uncomfortable with the discussion and I was trying to enjoy my salon appt, I tried to change the topic a few times. My haircut, while it was okay, wasn't fantastic and it took FOREVER, almost an hour after.I really wanted to like this place based on the reviews.  I really liked my color and highlights, but when I got home, I noticed that Brianna had totally missed the gray hairs at my hairline, which was so annoying. She also told me that the touch-up color was going to be  $75, which was a little higher than I thought it was going to be since it was only a root touch-up, but since I was already late, I just paid it. I was at the salon just over 4 hours.  I really wanted to like this place and I would've rated the experience higher had my appt not taken so long, if I was looked after (I felt like this was lacking after the owner left) and if I had been communicated to about each process, the amount of time it would take and the pricing, my touch-up color was done properly, and the inappropriate conversation not happened.
5	Letty is the BEST at getting my hair the exact shade of blonde I want to achieve. My natural hair color is medium ash brown and all too often hairdressers will leave me with a brassy mess when I try to go blonde. Letty really knows what she is doing, it is very refreshing to have a hairdresser I trust completely, highly recommended for those of you wanting to get that perfect shade of blonde. And bonus points, the color correction she did for the brassy mess I walked in with was great too. Ill never go anywhere else ever again!!
5	Want to get your haircut in the most fabulous way ever and walk out looking fantastic? Then go here! If my experience is any indication of what always occurs you will walk out feeling like a goddess. The second I walked in I was greeted by the beautiful owner (there's something very Breakfast at Tiffany's about her) who offers a choice of tea, water, and CHAMPAGNE! Notice that is in all caps it should be! How fabulous is that? The ultimate girl escape. Next, the hair cut. I am one of those people who normally leave and freaks out about how terrible my hair looks for a week. The cut and color done by Letty were perfect! She was personable and quick. I highly recommend her and plan to go back to her. The price is fully worth what you get.
1	STAY AWAY FROM JEFFI really wanted to like this salon, especially based on the great reviews. So, tried them out with a Groupon for highlights and a cut. Was supposed to be seen by Jeff for both, but he was busy so had the choice of waiting a 1/2 hour for him to finish or have Letty do my highlights. Was on a schedule, so opted for Letty. She was fantastic, listened to me closely and matched the colors in the photo I supplied. Super happy with her.After my highlights, I sat down with Jeff for the haircut. And everything went to crap after that. Showed him 3 pictures of the cut I wanted and stressed to him that I did NOT want my hair cut short. Said I like volume in my hair too.So, what does he do? He cuts my hair super short and styles it without any volume. My hair is so short in the back that I cannot even put all of it up in the back to hide the shortness as the strands in the back are too short to tie back!!!Insult to injury, he tells me that he just did what I asked him to do. Even the owner, who happened to walk by while we talked about my hair, heard me tell Jeff NOT to cut my hair short.She was a sweetheart and called to apologize for the bad haircut. But, the fact remains that my hair looks like absolute crap for the next two months until it grows out.STAY AWAY FROM JEFF, he will not listen to what you ask. Yes, he takes a long time to cut your hair, but he certainly doesnt listen. :(
5	This place is Awesome! I have been getting my hair done here since we relocated to LV last July. My hair just keeps looking better and better. Belli is THE BEST and the products offered make my hair shine and style beautifully. I am so thankful to have found this AMAZING place!!!!!!
5	I love this place!!! The stylists took the time to listen to my every request, and every time I go there I'm pampered like a princess . The service is excellent, and whenever I go to this salon I receive high quality treatment that I can't find anywhere else. This is definitely a good salon to go to for the rest of your life!!!!
5	I went back to the salon after one of the owners contacted me after he read my review about my experience. I was very impressed that he even took the time and trouble to address my concerns, so much so that I decided to give them another chance. Per their recommendation, I made my appointment with Beli, one of the owners and stylists. I brought in some photos of the cut and color that I was interested in. She looked at the photos and explained to me what she would be doing to achieve the result I wanted. She also told me how long each step would take and even gave me an amazing scalp treatment accompanied with a eucalyptus eye cover. The receptionist offered me a beverage and kept me well hydrated throughout my appointment. It was a much better experience than I had before, especially since Beli explained everything that was going to be done in great detail. She also made sure I was comfortable during my appointment and was very pleasant and friendly. I'm so glad that they contacted me and asked me to come back for a "do over". Beli and Scott are very responsible and more importantly, caring business owners and a pleasure to do business with. I will definitely be back.
5	I bought a groupon for a healthy hair shot by their phyto product line. I hit the jackpot when they sent me to Jeff. It was the most amazing scalp massage treatment ever, and not to leave out all the yummy products that he put on my scalp.  He explains each product used from beginning to the end. Jeff has grace, class and the expertise that anyone would love to have . You get to service of a 5 star casino spa with the convenience of not having to drive to the strip.I love a great  deal like anyone else but I do not mind paying for a great service. I have gone back to get my hair cut by Jeff . Loved it. Will be back again.
5	Just visited, Pico Madama to have a haircut.  Letty did the cut and it is absolutely perfect.  I will be returning for my color very soon.  Letty is the BEST stylist I have ever had do my hair.  She listens and ask questions to verify what you want. You will not be disappointed!
5	The atmosphere is divine and the stylists are very good with details. I've been here several times and all the stylists are good but they all specialize in something. I recommend explaining your style and see who can best work with it. As a team they can do anything and that's what is important.
5	I finally love my hair! I am blonde and trying to find a stylist who can get high lift without brassiness AND have the health of my hair in mind is impossible in this city. Letty has done it! The most beautiful highlights along with a great style! 2 years of other stylists over processing my hair and telling me not to use too much of a strengthening product or just condition... I've ended up with hair that was brassy, frayed and so damaged that I thought a pixie cut would be my only option. I've been to Letty twice and my blonde has never looked better... It's the first time I've gotten compliments on my hair in years! She understood what had happened to my hair and developed a plan to keep some length but get rid of the damage and copper tones. I just left there and she gave me great recommendations on products that will help me and made sure that I was using what she recommended correctly. She listens and is very honest about my hair. She didn't oversell me on services or products that I don't need. I am so happy and grateful to have found her! I'll be regular in her chair for a long time to come! Letty is hands down one of, if not THE, best stylists in the city! The salon is also gorgeous... Clean, bright, super friendly staff! 5 Stars!! Thank you, Letty!
5	Got my daughters hair colored for her 18th bday paid 175 and my daughter left the salon very unhappy! But the owner called and had her come back she personally fixed her hair which she loves and refunded half and gave her shampoo and conditioner! So I give them 5 stars awesome salon and I will return
5	Simply Amazing...peaceful and relaxing atmosphere. Ask for Beli her hair cuts are the best. The entire staff provided top notch and friendly service. This is definitely where I will be getting my hair cuts from now on.
5	I have been a client of this fantastic salon since their opening.  I cannot say enough good things about the owner, Belli.  She personally does my hair.  I searched for several years here in Las Vegas after losing another very good stylist to an illness.  Finally, I found Belli.  Her hair cuts and color are fantastic and the products they use are the best!  The salon is impeccably clean, very inviting and well appointed.  Belli herself is a gem as she truly understands superb customer service and  extends her graciousness to all.
5	Jeff has great customer service!I came in for a partial highlight, he was very detailed and I did not feel rushed at any moment. I asked for a red highlight, however, the color must've not liked my hair bc it came off after a week. I called back, they made an appointment for me to go back immediately. Jeff still greeted me with smiles and apologized with the loss of color and changed to a darker red shade color for my hair, and it did stayed on my hair better. He also explained to me sometimes the brighter reds are harder to stay on the hair. The second time around, he did not charge me! I've bought their Phyto product and really liked it. I highly recommend Jeff! :-)
5	I had an appointment with Jeff on Friday and to sum it up he was SUPERB AND METICOLOUS. He spent so much time on my hair and was a pleasure to talk to. I showed him the hairstyle and cut I wanted and he gave me the exact style and cut. He spent so much time with me and I did not leave that shop until he thought my hair was perfect. It is perfect too. I never write reviews but I had to for Jeff. He deserves nothing but the best review. I will be back Jeff!! Thanks or being so patient with me and pampering me.
5	I've been coming here for close to 2 years and have never been more satisfied with my hair services. Jeff is by far one of the most experienced and skilled stylists here. He always leaves my hair looking healthy, strong, and shiny. The atmosphere of the salon in great as well; bright colors, gorgeous bubble chandelier.... I could spend all day here if you let me. It is a little pricey, so be prepared to drop around $90 for a cut, but I promise you, it's worth it if you go with Jeff.
