4	I recently switched to this salon for my gel nail fills, it is near my home and I was pleasantly surprised with their work. They take appts made in a timely manner. They care about the quality of work they do, and they care about your satisfaction. The end of January they will start doing facials using one of the best products, the asesthetician will take time to tell you about the products and what she how they will be applied. I look forward to having a good facial with steam & extractions next week.  Clean and caring nail/facial salon.
5	Your review - Dec 18, 2011 - change nicknameI just had the greatest experience here. The owner was so kind and patient while I purused every color, tip and nail option possible. I finally found a local salon where the staff is friendly, cares about there customers and customer service is an important feature!  I'll will be back!!
3	Now called beauti nails. Minimal magazine selection: 2 Cosmos & 1 InStyle all from 2011.  Not a stellar polish selection. They said the wait wouldn't be long, but I was soaking my tootsies for 15-20 minutes, and then didn't have time for a manicure. I would say 4 stars for service, 2 for polish selection & ambiance.
1	AWFUL... only gave one star because it was the only way to post a comment.  Went on Wednesday at about 2pm to get my nails done.  I was the only one there when i walked in and a full set took over 2 hours.  Not only did it take 2 hours but they cut me 5 times and to make the bleeding stop they put polish remove on it, which did not stop the bleeding but hurt like crazy!!!  Two days later the nails started popping off.  Not break but the entire thing was coming off.  Went back to get it fixed and the lady Kim yelled at me telling me i pulled them off.  I will be contacting the health department regarding them putting the toold they cut me with in the drawer!!!!!
1	I stopped here on my way home from shopping with my aunt (visiting from out of town), and before I had to go to work. It's a Monday afternoon, around 1 PM, they weren't busy, but had people in the chairs. We were told it would be just a few minutes.... I was put at a manicure station to let my nails soak, and I sat there for about 15 minutes. The lady finally came over and started working on me; two nails in, she got up and went to the front of the salon. My back was turned so I wasn't sure what was going on, but my aunt was getting irritated because they hadn't even started her let alone offer any kind of service to her.When I turned around to see what the hold up was, the manicurist who was working on me had gone up to massage another customer's arms....whom of which was already being worked on.My fingers were pruny, and it was already 1:55 so I got up and left. I wouldn't give them any stars if I could. Their name has been changed too; it's now called "Beauti Nails Salon". Never again.
1	AWFUL SERVICE!Reasons...1) Took over 2 hours for a full set acryllics2) Cut me MULTIPLE times causing me to ble.ed3) To "stop bleeding" put acetone on the cuts... didn't stop bleeding but truly hurt.4) Was yelled at and told I was being a baby to that bleeding hands were hurting.5) They put tools which they cut me with back in the drawer.6) Nails did not even last a few days before they started coming off.
