5	Courtney was my second shooter for a wedding in Phoenix last year, and I have known her for several years since we collaborated on some student photojournalism projects. She's got a great business sense and an even better eye, and will treat you with professionalism, respect, and honesty. One of the best things about good photographers is that they are open to new techniques and bring an open mind along with all of their expensive camera gear. Courtney is a great example of this - she soaks up photography knowledge like nobody else and you'll see fantastic new stuff on her blog almost constantly. See for yourself!
5	Courtney took our engagement pictures and will also be photographing our wedding in February. From the moment we sat down with her, we felt at ease. She is totally honest, funny, confident and professional. She is so great about catching spontaneous moments, and is up for anything. The pictures from the shoot turned out better than i ever could have imagined and i CANNOT wait for her to shoot our wedding. She is  easy to work with, accommodating, and an amazing photographer. You will not be disappointed!
5	Courtney recently shot our maternity photos.  We are not originally from here, so after doing some research online, I narrowed it down to a handful of photographers who matched my style and what I was looking for.  I was instantly drawn to her portfolio, because her work showcased a photojournalistic approach, bold color and great use of lighting-- exactly what I wanted!  Pricing was very competitive compared to others I was looking at-- but even better because she includes a DVD of all the digital negs.  I always value this, because I love to make photo books after the fact, rather than selecting a handful of photos to print and hang. The photos themselves came out so beautiful!!  We couldn't be more pleased!  She was able to capture our personalities as a couple in just a short period of time. Being from another state, we decided to shoot in the desert.  Courtney captured the beauty of the natural surroundings and it really made for some amazing shots.  After seeing a few teasers-- we just received our final DVD of images.  The DVD was packaged beautifully and professionally and delivered to our front doorstep.  From beginning to end we were very impressed with her level of talent and professionalism.  We have received an overwhelming number of positive responses from our friends and family who have seen the photos.  We plan on using her for our baby's newborn photos, as well as documenting her first year.  I can't wait to see what other wonderful images are coming our way!!
5	She did professional headshots for me. My first ever.  She made me feel relaxed and gave me a huge variety of images. Loved them!  I recommend her all the time for weddings too.
1	I made an appointment with Courtney for a family photo shoot this past weekend and long story short, after confirming our booking, she stopped communicating with us and left us scrambling to find another photographer at the last minute.This was particularly difficult for us because I'm originally from Phoenix but have since moved out of state.  She was made aware that we would be coming into town so that we could get photos of my kids with their Grandmother.I don't know if she had a personal problem (where she couldn't make a phone call or email for the 5 days prior to the shoot) or just didn't have the courage to tell us she'd taken another job.  Regardless, this was ridiculously unprofessional.I really hate leaving such a negative review but I feel like I need to warn people about what might happen.
