5	The staff was friendly but professional. I was nervous as this was not my first root canal (but the first one with Dr. Christensen), A very calming atmosphere put me at ease. Dr. Christensen performed a root canal that was virtually painless.
5	Great office and doctors, very friendly staff.    I went there for a complicated root canal and I was in and out in no time. I was supposed to have pain for 1-2 weeks after procedure but I had none. I didn't even took a pill after the procedure. And even better, they discovered some credit on my account and they sent me a refund.    Doesn't get better than this! :)
1	I thought this was a great office initially. I went to get a root canal that was done about 5 years ago by another dentist cleaned when it became infected. 20 months later I ended up getting a cyst apparently on the top of the root. When I had heard a neighbor of mine lost her tooth when she had a cyst I became gravely concerned. By the way this is my front tooth. In addition my insurance does not cover the procedure, therefore, making this more problematic and concerning for me. I had an appointment about 20 days away and after I had talked to my neighbor I wanted to make an appointment much closer. I called the office and I have to admit I was feeling pretty panicked since I had waited 5 days to speak with them since they were taking a vacation due to Thanksgiving. I told the receptionist that if my tooth fell out that I would have to get the doctor to pay for it, the lost tooth because I felt he had failed to clean it initially thus becoming reinfected. They called me back within an hour and said they had a cancellation and scheduled me to come in the same day which was today and I picked up all the prescriptions I needed. I received a call later stating from the office manager I believe the wife of the endodontist that she would be cancelling my appointment. She would also be refunding any money that I had paid the endodontist in the past because she stated that I said I would sue them and so therefore she did not want to do business with me anyway longer and to look for someone else. I went to call her back and explain the situation, she picked up the phone without saying anything and hung it up on me. I think this kind of treatment is poor when it comes to a customer who is panicked. I was assured by the assistant and felt good about the appointment after the fact but I guess that was not good enough. I have since I made an appointment with an oral surgeon and feel more comfortable since this procedure will be going into the jaw or past the bone structure. Alas no one likes to be treated in this way. I at least apologized for my behavior shortly after it happened and thought everything was fine. There was a full misunderstanding. When someone is in the field of medicine they should expect for concerns and questions which were answered by the assistant, Ave had eased my mind. Well, to close I should be receiving my refund check in the mail and feel better about the new provider I will be consulting with tomorrow. He is an oral surgeon and he appears to have much more education. Let's hope this is my final visit.
5	Dr. Christensen was wonderful, as was Gwen who assisted him during my procedure. My nephew headbutted me in the face, leaving my right front tooth dead. It started to turn grey, and I became very self conscious about my appearance. I was referred to LV Endo by Dr. James White, who is a GREAT dentist. Dr. Christensen made me feel completely at ease. He explained the whole procedure to me and explained exactly why my tooth was dead. When he removed the nerve, he also bleached my tooth from the inside. After placing a temporary filling on the back (I will have Dr. White permanently fill it/crown it later), they allowed me to clean myself up, gave me some Motrin and a mirror. My tooth is back to being white and beautiful from being bleached during the nerve removal. It's pretty cheesy but I almost teared up a little bit when I saw it, because I have felt pretty badly about my black "pirate" tooth, haha. I would recommend them to anybody. They also are working with my insurance to get me extra coverage due to my tooth being damaged my facial trauma.
5	I was referred by Silver State Smiles after developing tooth pain which was getting worse...I called right away and explained I was in pain...to my surprise and relief they told me to come right over!!!!  Within an hour I was pain free!!  They were very nice and compassionate and Dr. Rizzie was very nice and explained everything he was gonna do.  When I thanked them they said "it's what we do and we understand how bad tooth pain can be...we didn't want you to be in pain over the weekend"  Very impressed with their care...I will be going back next week to finish my treatment and are now pain free.  Thank you Las Vegas Endodontics!!!!!
5	I have crappy teeth...it is my burden to bear... I also want a beautiful smile. In addition to Dr. Soumi at Gardens Cosmetic Dentisty, I have Dr. Christensen at Las Vegas Endodontics. Not only does he get root canals on molars done in one shot, I FELL ASLEEP in my root canal! I have seen him 3 or 4 times, and every time he was amazing. He is truly a master of his craft and a true caregiver. Root canals SUCK, there is no denying that! However, if you must endure one, see Dr. Christensen!!
