5	Nothing ruins a carpet more than having a 90 lb dog plus a 3 year old and me, who is generally clumsy.  My carpets looked like a war zone had taken place and I was thinking our collective spillage meant new carpets.  However, I called Mike out to have a look to see what he could do.  I've had mixed experiences with pro cleaners in the past.  One guy came in and threw some powder down and called it clean.  He cost me my security deposit of the place I was renting.  Another had some hand-machine that was far from professional.  Mike showed up with this massive van with all the equipment mounted inside.  That's what I love to see.  He took to work on my nasties and an hour and a half later - good as new.  No kidding!  My carpets were so tramped down and dirty that walking on the hardwood was more comfortable.  He cleaned then back to the way they looked when installed nearly 10 years ago.  He then tackled the couches that I've had since college.  Never cleaned once and smelled like Golden Retriever.  They came out great.  I would definitely use The Carpet Guy again!
5	Today I called Mike from the carpet guy and he was super helpful! My daughter graduates Sunday and family will be here in 2 days so I really needed my carpet cleaned today. Even though he was busy he came by and did a great job after hours to help out AND he was extra nice. I recommend them 1000%. Great job!!!
5	Great service!!! What a difference!!! The carpet guy came in cleaned our carpets and also steam cleaned the grout on our ceramic tiles in the kitchen and bathrooms. The service was excellent and the price was less than expected. The carpet guy is a true professional and really took his time and did the job right! I strongly recommend this company to anyone who is looking for a true professional.
5	I have a black lab that loves to lounge all over my couch and carpet, so I needed some extra TLC to get rid of the smell and stains!  Mike, the owner, has been in the business for a long time and took the time to find out the cause of the stains, special treatment to get rid of them and took extra care of my expensive couch.  I rely on him for my carpet cleaning needs repeatedly and would refer him to family, friends and other yelpers!
5	If you are looking for a detailed cleaning with superb customer service look no further.  If you are looking for a quick in and out, make sure you tell them.  I on the other hand have a dog and a child and the detail they put into making sure all stains and hair were removed was FANTASTIC!  I am sure my carpets are more than ready to be changed but you can not tell with the amount of care The Carpet Guy gives.
5	Yelp reviews led me to Mike The Carpet Guy after a recommended referral from a friend left me hanging.  I am so happy I went with Mike. I moved out of my place in N Charlotte and was getting it ready for renters. The carpet was decently worn and there were a few bad spots here and there. To be honest I thought that the carpet might need to be replaced. I gotta say, the carpets look good as new. I really can't believe it. All the reviewers were right. Mike obviously takes a lot of pride in his job and I can't be happier. Also, Mike worked around my hectic schedule which was really nice.I would highly recommend and use again in the future.
2	He did a great job. Please insist on a price quote before he does the work. We didn't and, while pleased with the work, we were sticker shocked by how expensive it was. Had the same work done by a larger local firm 4 months ago for about half the carpet guys price.
5	I have hired Mike and his crew consistently since 2011 for both personal and professional jobs.  As a real estate broker, I am cautious about the referrals that I give to my clients since my reputation is tied in with them if things don't meet their expectations.  My clients have been impressed at how their carpets look when he's finished.  I've had clients hire other carpet cleaners but many left stains or the carpets didn't appear to have been cleaned at all.  I just had him out to my home to clean again today and the carpets look like brand new once again.  The stains are gone and the carpet looks like it was just rolled into place.  Someone who knows what they're doing and delivers these kinds of results consistently is definitely worth every penny.
