5	This is what all Barber Shops aspire to!Great atmosphere and talented barbers that are interested in how you want your hair cut.Hard to spend time there without having fun.Kid and Family friendly, with a toy/video area for the siblings.Just moved here from Mt. Lebanon Washington rd. (as  Montes)
5	Great haircuts and friendly, relaxed atmosphere.  Can't ask for much more in a great barbershop!
5	This is a great Barber shop. You always feel welcome. Haircut are great. The owner and barber is the best.
5	Awesome place. Fast, friendly, female barbers. Often there's a resident shop dog to hang out with. Lots of entertainment for the kids (not to mention great kids cuts) and there's a discount for veterans, which I think is a really nice thing to do. Easy parking behind the shop, and a bustling, upbeat vibe once you get inside.
5	This barber shop is relaxed, fun, friendly to kids and adults, and best of all, gives the best cuts within a 50 mile radius.  The price is right, and the service is always with a smile. Can't think why anyone would go anywhere else. Talented barbers who cut your hair the way YOU want it. Five stars all the way. And vets get a discount!
5	in my opinion there is no better hair cut or barber shop in Pittsburgh.  Of course I stopped looking 15 years ago when I found Monte's Barber shop in Mt. Lebanon, which evolved into Vinnie's Barber Shop. The prices are more than reasonable, the atmosphere is like family.  In a town there are some establishments that become part of the makeup and soul of the town.  Vinnie's is that place for anyone in the South Hills looking for a good, Old fashioned barbershop where a game of checkers can still be played while waiting, a cup of coffee can be enjoyed and Dad and son's can feel comfortable getting their hair cut.  I've seen so many first haircuts at this shop because it is a part of people's history and family.  Eileen is good with the clippers and a joke clean enough to tell on Sunday morning. And convenient too.  it's right across from the Willow trolley stop on the Blue Line.
5	My husband is fussy about his haircuts and has had a hard time finding anyone who cuts his fine hair well.  I had not looked at Yelp for a barber but did look and found this 5 star place near home. And he is ecstatic about his wonderful haircut. Let alone the reasonable price.  He will be back to Eileen again!
5	Your head needs to be in Eileen's hands.  Vinny's is the best little barbershop I've ever been to.  Always a great cut, nice atmosphere, and if you go on Saturdays, there's donuts.  So, I pretty much only go on Saturdays.  Oh, and for $13 bucks a cut, its also more affordable than any other place around!
5	Great neighborhood barbershop. Eileen and Denise are great, will accommodate any request. Very comfortable shop with chairs and couches to wait or sip coffee. Vets and retirees are given nice discount, and vets are encouraged to bring a photo in uniform to have displayed in the shop. Will definitely become my regular barbershop
5	Don't give 5 stars almost ever. But this is the quintessential barber shop. Great atmosphere and a tremendous value. It's the CHEERS! Of hair.
5	If you hate going to one of those "chain" hair butcher shops like me, then this is the place for you.  It is everything you would expect from a local barber shop. Best cut I've had in years.They even appreciate Harley-Davidson and military folk.
4	It's been over a year I discovered this place.. And never look around for any other place.. Oh wait.. I did.. Once to super cut as elien was unavailable.. and Ellen will keep bugging me with that forever;) It's not just a neighborhood barber shop with great hospitality, beer, cookies, n most of all humor that goes around, from the owner and customers (or should I say fans) equally..No worries if You are not much into talking or mingle With real person.. It's high tech as well.. U can not only have magazines to shuffle.. Thers iPad for you to play games or surf n check all you want..
