4	The Jinglin' Geordie was a real highlight on our recent trip to Scotland.  We were walking the Royal Mile, looking for a local spot to meet and greet with friendly Scots in their natural habitat.  What better place than a local pub?  My companion disappeared down Fleshmarket Close, then reappeared shouting and waving for me to join her.  We joined the merriment inside Geordies, and were warmly welcomed by the bartender and a local gentleman named John.  We ordered a wee dram and commenced a conversation with John and two of Geordie's staff.  The staff were very cordial, giving us advice on whisky and Edinburgh.  John was a pleasant soul with a friendly smile and a very droll sense of humor.   I can't say anything about the food (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but the atmosphere and the people are top-notch.  The Scots are known for their good humor and warmth, and the folks at The Jinglin' Geordie are blessed with great amounts of both.  Our next trip to Edinburgh will certainly include a visit to Geordies!
4	Geordie still rates four stars.  As I had remarked in my earlier review, we returned to Edinburgh this month and made the promised return to Jingin' Geordie.  The place was jumping, since the European Team was stomping the U.S. Team at the Ryder Cup matches.  We were welcomed warmly, and one of the ladies on the staff remembered me from last year.  She then introduced me to John's son, who is the very image of his father, whom I met last year.  Again, our experience at Jinglin' Geordie was one of the highlights of our Scotland visit.  Shall we try for 3 years in a row???
3	I'm a fan! It's down Fleshmarket Close, or up Fleshmarket Close depending on your starting point.As such, you can stop in for a pint on the way up and tell yourself "it's because it's a nice pub!" rather than the more truthful "I'm knackered already and I need a sit down" that usually happens.The staff are friendly, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is standard Edinburgh quiet-ish pub. There's not a lot of difference between this and say, a dozen other pubs in the city centre, bar the location - but I always pop in. It has that homely feel to it.Give it a go!
