1	I almost choked to death on my free water when I saw the "Like Infiniti on Camelback" for Facebook. This was probably the worst car buying experience of my life with the exception of Pinnacle Nissan. These dummies let me walk from the bargaining table not once but twice. Unwilling to budge for under  800 dollars their negotiation skills are total crap. Best to stick with the smaller car dealers  for pre-owned vehicles. I was not surprised to find out that the company that owns Pinnacle Nissan also owns Infiniti on Camelback. Word of advice salesmen, don't let the customer leave angry. They will probably delete this post on their Facebook Page so I will also put it on Yelp.
1	Horrible customer service.  Their iPhone site says open on Sundays for service.  Well guess what this changed in march (3 months ago) and they never bothered to change it o. Their mobile site.  To top it off, some jerk salesman tried to joke around that he would do my repairs for me.  Then he told me that I was wrong, until I showed him my iPhone with the I correct information.You'd be best off going to another dealership where they have an accurate Internet site and don't insult their customers.
1	I came to test-drive a car and all of the questions I asked the salesman read the answers directly off the sticker. Since I am a literate person, that wasn't necessary nor was it relevant as the questions I had about the vehicle didn't have answers that could have been found on the sticker. Yeah, I do my own research before I waltz into these places and when I ask questions I expect my "expert" sales guy to answer them as he is supposed to know what he's selling, right?I had to leave. The next day, Salesguy Einstein called me. And then a few days later. And again, a few days after that. I'll give him that for at least being persistent. But he thought the price was the problem - not the car itself, which I decided I didn't like anymore after I drove it, and he was leaving me these ridiculous messages about selling me a "used Mercedes." It was all really annoying and embarrassing to listen to.
5	Lon came to my house and trained me on my new car's features. He's very helpful and patient with me. He even hooked me up with some cool music on my thumb drive for my car. Thanks Lon, you're awesome ;-)
5	Contrary to the negative comments made by these folks, we just had the MOST PLEASANT experience we have EVER had with a car dealership.We had the pleasure of working with a Danny Cantillo, a salesman with Infiniti at Camelback.  He brought the car of interest, a G-37 Convertible to our home for inspection and a test drive.  Danny was very patient and pleasant in explaining all the "bells-snd-whistles" on the car.  We had tested Lexus and the new Cadillac hard-top convertible and found the Infiniti far more advanced than either competitor.We got rid of a Mercedes convertible, which was antiquated compared to the Infiniti.Danny Cantillo is about as pleasant as a car-salesman can be.  He called back AFTER we bought the car, to insure that we had no questions or problems.  YES, Infiniti at Camelback and Danny Cantillo  deserve the FIVE STAR rating we post for them.Chris & Frank Newland, Scottsdale
1	Will never buy a Infiniti again based on the experience with this dealship. I purchased my truck in April and the finance manager understood that the truck was to be registered in Michigan they gave me 90 day tag. I waited a month and called the dealership to find out what happened, come to find out that he registered the truck in Arizona, So I called the main Infiniti financial corporate offices and they said that they will fix the mistake and send the stuff over to Michigan. Again I called the state of Michigan and they said they never received anything. So once again I had to call the corporate office, they said they sent the original title and they would have to order a new one for AZ DMV. Well my tag expired so I went to the Dealership on camelback and after waiting 2 hours after they told me to be there for there finance manager to get there. He was able to print me out a 30 day tag. At that time I was parked in the service entrance and asked about the weather stripping on the roof racks, the guy that came out from service said he has seen this happen before and he needed to order new roof racks and when they came in they would need to be painted to match the truck. He took all my information and said he would call me when they came in. Its now 2 months since then, I have called service 4 times to get an update each time they could not find the order nor could they even find the VIN and asked me if I was calling the correct place and there's no way that I purchased the truck there. I have left messages with the sales manager RICK, the service manager BILL and talked with the salesman Brent who said he would look into it. ALSO with not having the weather stripping the inside of the truck has water spots form the rain and car washes.
1	This dealership has the worst sales reps (Mark, Richard, Justin and the entire gang of scamsters). They called me thrice to the showroom promising a particular price when we spoke on the phone. The first 2 times I went to their showroom they backtracked on the price. In fact, I was looking for a specific pre-owned car which I had test-driven, and they phoned me multiple times (15-20) to strike a deal. When I finally agreed to their price, the fixed an appointment for the same day, but when I went to the showroom I was told that the car was already sold 3 days ago. Thats when I learnt that these are their business/marketing tactics to sell other cars to me.The managers here have no courtesy at all , not even basics like offering a seat/chair to the customer. He made us stand in his cabin (while he was sitting on his chair) and was totally unapologetic for wasting so much time and for his sales reps being so unprofessional with us. He was behaving (and insulting) us if it is our own fault that we fell into their trap. Totally unprofessional. Stay away from this dealership and its fraudulent salesmen.
1	Just got off the phone with JUSTIN, who said he was the GM at this unethical dealership.  The slimy sales tactics that these guys use to gain interest in their cars are enough to have to share.  It's the absolute definition of "Bait and Switch":Day 1 (10/7) - First Phone Call:Mark (Sales): "There's currently another buyer interested in the vehicle and they have placed a deposit on it.  But I will call you back with more information"  Day 1 - Second Phone Call One Hour Later:Mark (Sales): "There's been a misunderstanding, and no one has a deposit on the car.  But you better move fast"Day 2 (10/8) - Phone call:Mark (Sales): "Turns out there was a buyer who has put a deposit on the vehicle and I have them on the other line (As I hear Justin coach him on what to say in the background), but if you make a higher offer we can sell it to you today!"ME: "Let me talk to the guy coaching you in the background"Justin goes on to tell me that I would need to offer $3,000 over the internet sales price to have the car.  I then ask him: "So what you're saying is that the person who has a deposit on the car chose to pay $3K over the advertised sales price for it BEFORE taxes and fees?  Can you explain that to me?"Justin: "I don't have to. What price do you want to pay for the car?"ME: "OK.  Based off the research I've done, you've priced this car lower than other dealerships in the area, but it's still far off from the actual value of this car based on it's true market value.  I would like to pay $XX"Justin: "You won't be able to find a dealership within 500 mi that has this car for that price."ME: "Of course I wouldn't.  If the true value of the car to the consumer was valued to be $XX, why would the dealership list it at that price?  They wouldn't be profitable."Justin: "What do you do for a living?"ME: "I work in sales"Justin:  (Changes subject) "You do understand that even if we sold you this car for the internet price, you'd still end up paying a couple thousand in dealer fees?"ME: "A couple thousand?  Can you break that down for me?"Justin: "We upgrade our vehicles with wheels, window tint, paint protection, etc"ME: "So you force your customers to pay for these upgrades that they did not even request so that you can tack on even more profitability at the end of the deal?  Is this legal?"Justin: (Changes subject) "So is $XX your final offer?  I don't want to have Mark waste his time calling you back if it is."End of Conversation.  All the while, what happened to that buyer you had on the "other line" for the past 30 min???
1	Tried to use a VPP number and the finance guy tried to tell me he was giving me a better deal than the VPP price! Sales guy was a good guy but won't go back!
5	SERVICE CENTER REVIEW ONLY:  I am a little intimidated writing a positive review considering those that have gone before me, but, from a service perspective, I have never had anything but a great experience. I own a 2011 Infiniti that I purchased used from another dealer and have come to Infiniti on Camelback for all my maintenance and a couple minor repairs.  Shelby has been great to work with as a service adviser, which can make a world of difference.  For the items not covered under warranty, I feel their charges are reasonable (for a dealership) and never had unnecessary items pushed on me.  Getting a convenient appointment has always been easy and the service / repairs have been completed quickly.  A couple times I have waited for the vehicle and they keep you updated on when it will be ready.  Not that it really matters to me, but their waiting room is separate from the showroom and very clean and quite, complete with bottled water, an espresso machine and WiFi.
3	Have had great experiences buying cars, but some difficulties with service.  The service advisers are friendly and attentive.  The only complaint is length of time for service.
1	That was a terrible experience. Made an appt to test drive a car (q50 tech) which I confirmed they had in stock. Showed up, car is missing - and they lost the key for the other car in stock. Really? What's the point of making an appointment? Typical experience I'd expect at a ford dealership - definitely not one I'd expect from a "luxury" brand.
1	Ahhhh now I get it, look at the reviews people!  We stopped in to look at a vehicle there and 4 phone calls in 24 hours from Gary, who lacks complete professionalism, to hard sell us to come back in, is what your in for.  I asked him politely not to call me and he continues to do so.  Don't even drive on the lot, you'll be sorry.
1	Don't waste your time trying to buy a car from here online.   They will lead you on about the price and then just when you think you've finally reached a deal, they tack on $600 in bs add ons that were never mentioned before.  If you like being jerked around then this is the place for you.There's a good reason this place has such poor ratings.
1	First of all, Ritisha Rikashni was superb; thank you for your time and customer service. Now for for the rest... Horrible experience and a total waste of my precious time. Justification: The finances group lured me in by running a special on Hybrids, and I did like the G50S Hybrid that I test drove. Their special was $340-some a month with zero down. Wow! I thought. Ok, I am all ears. Not a single dealer wanted to deal with my BMW lease because its trade-in value was $8,000 less than the residual. These guys took my BMW and its lease information down, and I probably waited for 40 minutes (went through 2 bottles of water, and made a restroom run). And they kept on going on and on about their specials, how special I was, and the special just for me, for me only and no one else... So here I sit and wait, and wait, and finally they bring back the "great news": they CAN get me out of my lease. Wow (again I thought). Great conditions: for me to drive this lovely Hybrid Infinity and get out from my BMW lease not only that the finance guy added the two payments I have left on the BMW loan to the new Infinity loan and as a "special and me-only lease deal" but also added the $8,000 difference between the trade-in value of the BMW and its residual to the total loan (and of course with a nice interest rate)... making a $50K car purchase (lease) a $70K loan. Really? And you thought I would not notice? Huh! Crooks as it gets. Will never do business with!
5	Best dealership hands down. Service department is awesome. Love dealing with the people here and they are all very helpful
1	My mother purchased a very expensive car here, with cash.  In two months, she's already had to have the car in for servicing to fix something that wasn't working (manager was driving this car as his company car for a while), managers have been over 45 minutes late to appointments they had scheduled with her, they have failed to order parts that the car was missing (she's reminded them several times)...  And other things I am sure. To top it off, they couldn't even detail it properly... And she spent 65k cash. This place is TERRIBLE. I bought my Land Rover here a couple of years ago and had the same types of experiences. Their customer service leaves a lot to be desired, it's basically nil... And in addition, I left the place with the gut feeling that I had been swindled.  Oh, and I forgot to mention that most staff is incredibly rude, too!!
1	Horrible Service Experience - went in Friday and personally scheduled a Service appointment for the following Wed morning.  When I arrived, the tech manually took all my information again and then dropped it off on a Rep's desk who proceeded to help a customer that arrived after I did and then left m sitting in the lobby for 10 minutes without asking me anything.  After waiting 15 minutes to drop a car off for an oil change, I was getting a little upset.Follow that up by having to call the rep in the afternoon to see if the car was ready.I'll be finding a better Service Center.
1	Polite but incompetent basically sums up the service department. I made the terrible mistake to lease a vehicle for the first time and it's not the lease I regret, it's where I leased from: Infiniti on Camelback aka hell on earth. My brand new car immediately broke and was without AC in the dead of summer which resulted in my car being at the dealership for three weeks! Both (the time frame for fixing and the breaking of the AC itself) were "flukes" and "not typical" of infiniti, yeah ok. Fine. They fixed it, so I thought! The dual temperature feature on my car no longer worked. 60 degrees and 79 degrees are the same temperature. Any range in between is the same as well. It's either just cold or above 80 degrees. I explain this, am told it will be taken care of then to my surprise I go to get my car and they say everything is fine. They did nothing. I explain to the random service guy what the now unfixed issue is, he sits in the car twirls some knobs and confirms what I'm saying. He then goes to the dipshit manager who can't wrap his head around the issue and says ,"why would you have the AC on of its set at 89 degrees?"  I admit at this point I wanted to smack his pensive face and needed to remove myself from the irritating scenario.  It was evident that his intellectual shortcomings were not going to change today so I again left with a partially working overpriced car. Infinities are nice cars, just not mine. Avoid Infiniti on camelback if you want a positive experience.p.s. They claimed that they rotated my tires yet the service light still remains on, they can't even handle that.
5	Service:I've been going to Infinity on Camelback (IoC) for years now.They work with me on pricing, don't recommend unneeded service, nice, and the facilities are nice. I even get a loaner car while mine is being worked on.What more can you ask for? Prices seem reasonable compared to other Infinity dealerships.On various occasions I've annoyed them with random questions VIA phone. They're always very helpful. In return, I always speak highly of them and give them my business.Also, I've recently have been taking my wife's car in Camelback Hyundai (think same owners). Hopefully they can be like IoC.Sales:They seem friendly and helpful. Obviously they'll work hard to get your business like any salesperson. I did not feel pushed into purchasing however.
1	Was very disappointed in this dealership. Bought a used Infiniti and brought it in for an oil change. Asked about a particular service and was quoted $83 by one guy and then 5 minutes later when I asked someone else they quoted me $125. I asked them if they just made up their prices as they go. This left a bad taste in my mouth but when it came time to get another oil chance I went in, I was told I had a cracked radiator and was quoted $1000. I told them I was planning to call around to get other prices. Two days later I am on the freeway and my car starts to shake violently, the dealership hadn't tightened the splash guard underneath my car and it had come loose and was dragging on the freeway. The dealership towed by car back but only after I had to cancel a meeting and wait two hours for the tow truck. I later went to Wilhelm automotive and paid $450 for the repair. This dealership is sleazy. If you want to witness first hand all of the bad stereotypes of a sleazy dealership I would highly recommend them. Otherwise DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!
1	Well , glad I am not alone!  Made a deal via phone and text ( in writing) told them I am using my credit union and they said no problem. Went to pick up the car and they asked if it was okay if they try and beat my credit union rate and I said sure( dumb of me) they came back with a rate 3 times higher and said they can't honor their written price  since they are loosing money at that price . Manager said the salesman didn't have the authority to give me that price or those terms. Just stay away !
5	I've been looking for the perfect g37 since 2011!  And after several test drives and sales reps calling, I got a friendly call from Ryan who remembered what I was looking for.  I went in and wasn't swarmed by hungry sales reps, instead greeted and the rep Marc said, hey, if you need anything, I'll be over here...... Test drive:  During the test drive, the car was low on petrol, so Marc kindly filled the tank w gas on his dime. It drives beautifully!The negotiation:  I meet Kurt, General Manager.  Warm and welcoming, he gives you a fair price right off the bat and throws in specials that make you feel like a valuable customer, aka rock star.  Kurt wants to see you happy in the motor coach of your dreams.  I will always trust buying another vehicle from Kurt and his team. Financing:  Omg... Watch out boys, you're dealing w an extraordinary, sweet, smart & sassy Asian, Ms. Polly!  Love her!  Broke down the numbers to me so I could understand and she patiently explained all the paperwork to make me feel confident in my purchase.  Overall, awesome experience at Infiniti on Camelback!  Fun!  Not overwhelming or scary at all (even for a single lady)!  They washed the car and from arrival, I was out within 90 minutes. I love my new IPL!  Thank you to a fantastic entourage - Kurt, Polly & Marc!  I'll be back!
