3	A bit out of the way if you're looking to do the tourist route in the city, but its proximity to the park is good for an evening stroll, a hilly jog or a ride on the bike path. If you have the chance, opt for a room on a higher floor to avoid the somewhat dank downstairs. The welcoming bilingual staff will give you pointers on what to see.
4	this hotel is affordable, very well located for the mont-royal neighborhood, convenient for bus stops, clean, free wifi, free small breakfast included, nice rooms, nice staff, quiet.  i have been there twice now, and will continue to use it!
4	The people who worked there were very nice and the rooms were very clean. The rooms lack refrigerators and there is only a trash can in the bathroom. The breakfast is pretty much just toast, too. I would definitely stay there again just for the really fluffy comforters.
3	Large rooms and very good price for the location (usually around $45 - $50 a night). It's probably one of the cheapest hotels in metro Montreal that has a private bathroom. I stayed here plenty of times and a short distance from Mont-royal and the subway station is a huge plus. The breakfast is really just toast and jam, but I can't ask more for that price. They really have NO cancellation/refund policy what-so-ever for weekends and popular weeks and the payment is at time of reservation. So be sure to think carefully before you book. They are really not very responsive to E-mails or any form of contact.
1	The hotel charges were much higher than our expectation.  When I booked I specifically said 3 adults (the rate shown online in their site was different for 2 adults versus 3 adults).  They charged an extra of $15 per day for the extra person.  In addition the room was very noisy due to people partying on the road and the heavy traffic.
1	Booked our room online, set the slider to "adults:3", double-checked it, triple-checked it, made the reservation. When I got there, op! Here's another $15/day charge for the additional person, even though my printed reservation says "adults:3" and the lower rate.I booked this place because of the rate, so it was incredibly frustrating to navigate into Montreal to Hotel Plateau Royale, only to pay more than I anticipated.
1	This was a very disappointing stay to say the least. To begin, we were welcome by the nasty stench of smoke in the hallways. The carpets clearly haven't seen a shampoo or update for quite a while. Upon entering the room, we found (although by no help of the terrible and lack of lighting in the room) that only one outlet in the entire room worked. Other uncomfortable facts were that the closet door couldn't open because the bed was too close to it, the toilet tank lid couldn't close because it was too  close to the sink, the drapes couldn't close to block the light because it would cover the heater, the toilet paper was so far away from the toilet it was almost impossible to reach, and apparently a blind person painted the bathroom. Aside from the non decorated walls, there were no basic amenities such as an iron or hair dryer. Finally, despite speaking with the front desk and a confirmation from another guest that it wasn't working, there was absolutely no functioning wifi connection.
