5	Byblos is that rare find in Las Vegas--truly ethnic and unpretentious, yet very close to the clutter of the strip. Byblos decor is very authentic, the tables have tablecloths and overall, the atmosphere is that of a pricey restaurant. That's when Byblos fools you--it is extremely affordable. The food is good, too. Everything is fresh and clean here. The lavash bread is tasty, and hummus and baba ganush are out of this world. The owners of this restaurant are Lebanese/Moroccan and it definitely does Mediterranean food justice.It is still surprising to me that this place is not more popular; It seems as if it is somewhat busy for lunch with business professionals and couples, but dies down for dinner. In fact, it is common to only find owners talking business in their native tongues when you walk in--that's the only down side as it can be slighly uncomfortable. But, don't let that stop you--the food is amazing and the prices are very affordable. All food is freshly made daily and their deserts are out of this world good! (baked freshly, too!) Hot food is also excellent as are appetizers. Don't miss this place if you like true ethnic food without the price tag and attitude!
3	This place is ok.  I give it 3.5 stars.  Nice staff and everything is reasonably priced.  The best part was definitely the spinach pies and the warm homemade pita.  We ordered the falafel which wasn't bad..just a bit plain along with the chicken shawarma which wasn't shawarma at all. It was just chopped chicken breast cooked in a pan which made it more like a fajita style chicken which tasted fine but wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  The menu looks good though.  I would like to try some of the other stuff and it is cheaper than the Greek American Grill across the street for the budget conscious.
5	This is the only Lebanese bakery I have found in the greater Las Vegas area that serves my favorite Leb treat, fatayer (it's a spinach pie in filo dough, much better than spanokopita in my opinion). My best friend is Lebanese and whenever I visit her family, her mom serves up the best fatayers...unfortunately, they live in NC, so I get this indulgence about once a year or so!Byblos was one of my first initial and exciting discoveries in Vegas when I moved here. The owners are REALLY friendly. I'm sure they think I'm insane because I always preorder about 50 fatayer and swing by to pick it up every few months. I wouldn't have to if Decatur and Flamingo weren't so far from me!I've had their chicken schwarmas, lebneh (Lebanese yogurt), and hummus...all very EXCELLENT and authentic dishes. If you've never had Lebanese food and want to try it out for the first time, this is the place to go!
4	Ok so i'm Egyptian and my Grand mother is Lebanese, so i love both foods, Byblos in Vegas gest 4 stars because i must say the appetizers weren't that great, the spinash pies and the meat pies weren't good and the humus was mediocre!BUT THE REAL ENTRE WAS DELICIOUS, I orderd the Chicken and Kebab mix, it was great, and my uncle tried the Kofta so i had a bite of that as well, it was also delicious!
