4	Eclectic diner.. I've never seen fried plantains as a burger option before!  We stopped by the first time just because we were driving by and were amused by the name.  My husband had the Bulgogi sandwich and it was amazing! (yes, I tasted it).  I got their schnitzel but asked if they could serve it on a bun, like I'm used to having back home in the midwest (called a tenderloin sandwich there).  The sandwich came with a fried egg (forgot that was part of the schnitzel meal) but I dumped that off and proceeded to fix up my sandwich.  While the seasonings were more schnitzel than tenderloin, it was a quality cut of meat and I was happy with it.The 2nd time we went there was because of their menu.. hubby was curious about the Devil Dog and had to have it.  Turns out you get TWO of them in an order, which is almost obscene.. obscene because a Devil Dog is a hot dog wrapped in bacon and deep fried.  Yes, deep fried.  No breading, but still crunchily fried up.  Hubby loved it.. personally, not to my tastes... must be mostly a guy thing.  I had a cup of their soup of the day (and it's a huge mug of soup) which was clam chowder.. and the soup was excellent.  It came with half a sandwich, and I chose grilled cheese.  You can choose from a long list of cheeses and breads to make your dream grilled cheese, I chose American and Provolone on Sourdough.. and it was probably THE best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had.Third time I was there, I took a friend.  She ordered the Monte Cristo (ham & cheese sandwich that is breaded, deep fried, then sprinkled with powdered sugar) - she said it was good.  I got a burger, prepared simply, and was going to get basic American cheese on it when the owner convinced me to try it with Havarti.. it was a fantastic choice, and it was a nice greasy/juicy, tasty cheeseburger.Not sure what I'll get on my next trip.. but there will definitely be a next trip.  Oh, they only serve breakfast and lunch, they close at 3pm.. only drawback that I've found so far.
4	My mom and I were looking for a nice place to get breakfast, since she was heading out of town, didn't want to cook, and Cafe Diem is right down the street from me.Upon walking in, I was struck by the decor - very sparse, but tasteful and elegant. It was a mix of coastal styling and Asian influences, very nicely done. Clean, friendly staff.My mother ordered the biscuits and gravy special (two biscuits, eggs, and potatoes), and I got the eggs benedict. The food was just WOW. The benedict sauce clearly had some nice lemon and vinegar flavors in it - surprising, but my mouth enjoyed it a lot. It was a refreshing change from the heavier sauces I've had before The English muffin underneath was not hard, as it has been in many other places I have ordered the same. I had a sample of my mom's biscuits, and the gravy was like nothing I'd tasted before. When they say sausage gravy, they don't mean little bits of ground beef. There are plenty of chunks of smoky sausage in there. The biscuits were cut from what appeared to be a pan-made spoon-bread. Delicious, moist texture. The portion size was nearly more than I could eat, especially with the wonderful coffee. It had a smooth, rich flavor, and they do provide real cream to go with it - not the little creamer cups.Our waitress was friendly and kept us refilled. She was very knowledgeable about the coffee brands and how everything was made, and as we talked to her, we found out that they hand-pick their ingredients from a supplier, as opposed to taking whatever is delivered. I will definitely go again next time, and maybe have a taste of the NY strip steak breakfast, of maybe make my own omelet. Would definitely recommend.
4	We went here last weekend. The plan was to have brunch with one of us ordering a lunch item and one ordering a breakfast item and splitting. However, by the time we got here we were out of the breakfast mood, so we got two lunch items.The waitress was very friendly. However, when I asked for a suggestion on what to order (I was torn between many delicious-sounding items), she didn't get a very definitive answer.I ended up ordering a hamburger on a pretzel roll with havarti cheese, red onion, pepperocini, roasted tomato, and deli mustard. It was really good, and I'd order something similar again.My wife ordered the Bulgogi sandwich. It came as four little folded sandwiches surrounding a pile of fries. They were okay but not as good as we had hoped. We both agreed we'd order something different next time. We also split an order of garlic fries which were yummy and a likely addition to our next trip.
5	This is my favorite restaurant. My husband and I come here at least twice a week. The staff is great and the food is amazing.
4	We went to Cafe Diem last weekend for breakfast. This time we actually ordered breakfast.I got corned beef hash and sunny side up eggs. My wife got an omelet with bleu cheese, mushrooms, and roasted tomatoes.I didn't care for the corned beef hash because it tasted too much like corned beef which I don't care for. I know, I ordered CORNED BEEF hash. But most places I order it you can't really taste the corned beef and get more of the hash flavor if that makes sense. The corned beef hash is probably excellent if you like corned beef. It had fairly large chunks of corned beef and potatoes and it looked like the corned beef was homemade.I liked my wife's omelet quite a bit. The sharpness of the bleu cheese gave a nice layer of flavor to the omelet. There were a few different types of mushrooms which added to the layer of flavors. The tomatoes balanced it all out.My wife's meal came with her choice of bread. She ordered pumpkin bread which was homemade and had a nice balance of fall spices. I think there were blueberries in it too, which was an interesting surprise.Prior to our meal arriving, the waitress bought us complimentary mashed potato balls which consisted of fried potato balls filled with cheese, bacon, and chives. They were pretty good but I think they would have been better served with a sour cream dipping sauce.Mashed potato balls potato, cheese, bacon, and chives. There are several items I'd still like to try at Cafe Diem, so we'll likely be back.
3	Not as what I expected... I went here with my cousins on a Saturday morning around 10. I was shocked that it wasn't busy because every breakfast place usually has a wait on a weekend. But at the same time I was glad because I hate the waiting. The place is pretty big and the staff is friendly. Down to the food! I ordered the Monte cristo which wasn't that yummy. The cracked egg's version of the Monte cristo is way better. However, the french vanilla Italian ice was yummy. It's a must try!
3	The menu is awesome because of the variety, like as if someone chose only their favorites (or all of MY favorites) from each type of restaurant.  There were really good choices for breakfast, plus diner food, pub food, pad thai, bulgogi, loco moco, stir fry, bananas foster, crab cakes, etc.  I wanted to like it more, but I think the food could be cooked better.  The french toast was soggy no crusty areas, the sausage gravy was too sweet (odd right?), the regular ice tea is not a good flavor (seriously not good guys), and the shoe string sweet potatoes are more like shavings or gratings so after  being fried they're just crispy oily toothpicks.  Sorry Cafe Diem, that menu could make you my fave but the execution disappointed me.  The owner and waiters were very friendly.  I write this hoping the food gets better and I can go here every future trip to Vegas.
5	If you want a place with excellent, fresh food at a good price, and even better service, you definitely should stop by this restaurant. I wish I found this place a long time ago, because I had to move away from las vegas recently. Had this not been the case, I'd be a regular here. The one time I was there, I was served an amazing carrot cake as a starter without even asking for it. I ordered the breakfast burrito with egg whites and chicken which turned out to be one of the best burritos I have ever had. While waiting for the food, I spoke to the friendly chef and found out that he was the owner. He explained his fresh philosophy and background, and after my meal, he sent over a strawberry shortcake made from scratch on the house!All of the food was so tasty that I had to tip the cook as well as the server. I certainly hope that I could stop by there the next time I'm in town.
3	Cafe Diem definitely deserves more than 3 stars so 3.5 will have to suffice. They have a friendly, attentive staff and the menu for only having breakfast/lunch is extremely diverse and seems delicious. Seeing as everything is homemade I expected the food to be a little better. The french fries that came with my reuben sandwich were extremely salty and took a bit away from the meal as a whole. My reuben was actually really tasty and had a spicy/tangy kick that I wasn't expecting. My date had the sliders and they appeared to be extremely small which was a big downer. I'll definitely be giving this place another shot at breakfast and based on the menu I'm hoping I can up the grade because I'd love to see this place thrive.
4	I am a fan! Recently moved close to Cafe diem and have been quite a few times and each time have been very happy with my food and service. The Crab Cake Benny is delish once I make a few personal changes, It comes with fried egg I prefer poached, also come with a tartar remoulade sauce and I prefer hollandaise. The crab cake is full of crab not fillers  and comes with a choice of potatoes o'brien or hash browns.  My boyfriend always tries something different and is consistently happy. Menu has some good go to options like the create your own omelet or breakfast burrito for 7.95 or two eggs any way hash browns and a bread option(buttermilk biscuit, homemade bread or toast) for 4.95.  Definitely worth trying...
4	I love it when I walk into a restaurant with no expectations and am pleasantly surprised.  I was definitely surprised to see the eclectic variety of items on the menu. When I looked closer- it is actually "An American Diner with Asian Flair".  (Ahhh, hence the yin and yang symbol on the menu). And everything is made from scratch.  I came for lunch and wasn't too hungry, so I ordered a cup of French Onion soup and a half BLT sandwich. I ordered my toddler the kids meal of chicken fingers and a side of fruit (instead of french fries).  Warning: the chicken fingers are HUGE.  She only ate one, but that is because the side of fruit was a masterpiece in itself. It wasn't the typical orange wedges or slice of canteloupe- it was a nice bowl of ripe strawberries, kiwi, pineapple, bananas, green apples, and blueberries.  We also ordered a side of garlic fries, topped with parsley and parmesan...yummo! It could have had more garlic, but then again- I am a garlic whore. I know that these are fairly simple items- but they were delicious. The 4 star rating is because of the excellent and friendly service, and because I am already a fan just by perusing the menu with lunch items that include a shrimp po boy sandwich, bulgogi sandwich, loco moco burger, and shrimp pad thai- all amidst a design your own omelet for breakfast and design your own burger for lunch. I will definitely be back for breakfast first, though. The banana fosters syrup is calling my name.
5	Good food, good service, and fair prices.I don't live in Vegas but we ate here while visiting family from out of town.  There was 6 of us and it was a late breakfast/early lunch for us so some of us ordered from the breakfast menu and the other from the regular menu.  Food was served in a timely manner and with a smile.  I had the omelet and my daughter had the sliders.  Everyone was happy with the taste and quality of their meals.  Will definitely eat there again when we are back in town.
2	We always like to try and find a new breakfast restaurant in las vegas that's not on the strip and so we ventured to Cafe Diem after reading about it on line.  Right when we walked in we noticed that there wasn't any one in there and there wasn't much of an ambiance to the place. There's just something missing.I ordered an omelette made with egg whites and my husband also ordered scrambled egg whites for his breakfast meal.  when the food came the egg whites on both plates were very runny. The waitress was very good and snatched up both plates and took them to the kitchen and came back to say that the cook was making us new plates.  The "new" plates were better cooked but I was over it by then, I still had the visual of the runny egg whites in my head, so I couldn't finish eating.  My husband ate his eggs but his hash browns were grey and no flavor.  The waitress deducted some money off the bill for our inconvenience, which was very nice of her.
1	the place is closed.  the guys at the sushi place next door said it closed about 10 days ago.
