5	All I have to say is WOOF WOOF!!!!!  After going there one time they remembered not only my name but my dogs name.  They are so helpful, professional and outgoing with each customer that walks in their doors.  LOVE IT and So will your best friend!
5	Excellent dog grooming business run by two very nice ladies - we use their self-service baths (and they do offer full grooming services as well) and have been very happy with their friendliness, service, quality and cleanliness - they keep their grooming area very clean, and very customer service focused, remember their customers and are always ready to provide assistance. This is the third business in Henderson we have used for their self-service dog bathing facilities (we have two dogs) and by far the best one, for service, cleanliness, hours and friendly, competent and customer oriented owners. This is exactly the kind of customer friendly and neighborhood small quality business that good neighborhoods are based on and that Henderson is well served by.
5	It's half off Thursday-yippee,as my dog doesn't like bathes,so we did a quick one,, the staff was helpful and friendly. Tubs are nice and big, easy to use faucet hose,towel and soaps provided. And there was a blow drying area,unfortunately the low speed was still powerful and cool,,but no stars removed for something real minor.Yes very customer focus,and was offered complimentary dog food,as my pooch is real picky and I have to be careful of what to feed her,as she had pancreatitis,last yr..It was nice to get a few free samples,,thx....
5	Absolutely the best!  I can't find anywhere else where my Mastif is this comfortable.  The facility is clean, the staff are knowledgeable and friendly.  The equipment is comfortable and easy to use.  This is my place to bathe my big stinky dog!
5	I love their dog food!My dogs have some serious issues with their foods.  They're not very picky eaters (I won't event get into this), but their stomachs are sensitive and one of them is prone to seizures that we linked to his diet.  For the last 5 years we had them on a special food we were only able to get from one place in town, which recently stopped carrying the formula.In my search for a new dog food, I stumbled across the Soggy Dog.  The ladies were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about what types of foods would be good for my pups, even down to the specific ingredients.  Apparently, I must have looked like a deer in headlights (or a complete idiot), so they gave me some samples.  And not just one or two bags.  I'm talking all the flavors of several different brands...maybe 20 sample bags in all!  Some 2 weeks later, I ended up purchasing a couple bags of food that my dogs not only enjoy, but have had no health problems since I started them on their new diet.  If you have a dog with special dietary needs or you just want the best possible feed for fido and fifi, come here.
5	This place is awesome!! Lots of room for my Great Dane to bathe, they just put in super nice tubs. High quality shampoos, and how can your pet refuse a blueberry facial. Great selection of high quality dog foods at a great price, cheaper than anywhere I've seen. I have a Dane and I go through alot of food so anywhere I can save a buck, I'm in!! A++
5	The Soggy Dog continues to provide excellent facilities and service.  A total upgrade has just been completed to their facilities, with easier to access tubs and other enhancements.  The Owners are great (I see Vera much of the time - she is wonderful to talk to) and really get to know and care about their customers (both human and canine) - this continues to be my 'go to' spot to wash my dogs.  Highly recommended - one of the best small businesses (or any size business for that matter) that I have had the pleasure of patronizing.
4	Just washed one of our dogs here. The place is much nicer looking and quality wise over "The Dog Wash" over on Eastern. Although "Dog Wash" has 2 for 1 on Tuesdays... Wish the tubs had a door or something to block the dog from trying to walk right back out but oh well. Liked the blueberry facial. A plus like someone else mentioned, they have quality shampoo's. We will wash our dogs there again for sure.
5	This place is outstanding. Today was my first day here and the facilities were extremely clean. You get the shampoo of your choice, an after rinse to moisten your dog's skin and undercoat and even a facial cleanser. The bathtubs are great for washing, being the perfect height with anti-slip padding inside and a gentle warm sprayer. For whatever reason after I left here and my dog was spic and span clean, I took her down to petsmart down the street and when we got back out to my car her front legs were completely black with something that looked like ink or maybe oil. Either way I took her back to "The Soggy Dog" and the owner was great. She went ahead and let me wash her again for free seeing my dog apparently has a hard time staying clean for an hour after a bath, lol. Anyway I'll definitely be coming back here and will recommend this place to the rest of my friends who own dogs in this area. You can tell the owner is a genuine animal lover and not only cares about her customers but also her customer's pets. If you make a trip here (it's behind Metro Pizza) you won't be disappointed.
5	I recently adopted a shelter dog and while he's a great dog, whew did he stink! Fortunately when we adopted him from the City of Henderson's wonderful animal shelter they included offers from local businesses, the Soggy Dog being one of them. The dog stench had to go so that was one deal I gladly decided to check out. That being said I don't know diddly about washing a dog. I grew up on a cattle farm and you don't wash cows, well maybe you'll spray them with a water hose on a hot day. That's not going to work for my dog, not going to happen. I go online and learn my breed of dog hates water. So with the deck stacked against me and not having a clue about what I'm doing I walk in the door. I'm greeted immediately with a smile, I show them my shelter paperwork and we're off and running!I will NEVER wash a dog at home after going here first. This is a piece of cake to do. They've got the deep tubs to put your dog in and a leash to tie them up with. Even with my back hurting it was easy to reach my dog. They have several different types of soap and conditioner to use, all included in the cost! Doggie conditioner? Who knew? (Oatmeal hypo-allergenic? Blueberry? Choices, choices!) And the water is setup Goldilocks style. Not too hot or too cold, it was just right. It's one less thing to fumble with, you simple select the type of spray you want and pull the trigger. And the hose is long enough that you can get water anywhere it's needed without annoying your dog too much. Need towels? No problem. But as I learned online the secret to reducing the dog stench is not so much the bath and the scented shampoos, it's all in the drying. They have blow drying stations. Tie your dog on the provided leash, start out slow and you can crank the blower up to hurricane speed if your dog can handle it. The walls are hard plastic lined so if your dog decides to shed his water the natural way with a good shake, it's no big deal to clean up the walls. You on the other hand better be wearing the apron they provided or you're wet. Checkout is after you're done. They have pet food and other supplies there that seemed reasonably priced if you need something that you suddenly remembered. And the price? $15. First time shelter dogs with paperwork and the coupon were free. I will definitely be back as this is the only way to go when it comes to dog washing. 5 stars: Service, equipment, and most importantly for the STRESS and STENCH REDUCTION BENEFITS!
5	Love the Soggy Dog!!  My dogs aren't such huge fans since water and soap is not their idea of a good time, but I was super impressed with this DIY dog wash business. The prices are totally reasonable. They supply all the soaps, towels, grooming supplies, etc. Best of all they take care of the messy tub at the end.. I was surprised at how effortless the process was. We waited about 10 minutes for a tub, washed the dogs ourselves with minimal fuss and were out the door. I didn't ask about aprons, but that would be a nice touch. Also for the colder months I wonder if dryers are supplied. If your dogs are low maintenance dogs who could be hosed down in the backyard, I would totally recommend the Soggy Dog. Plus big bonus points for the helpful and friendly employees.
5	We've continued washing our dogs here since my original review. Vera and Tracey have become our go-to dog info people! We wash one of our dogs here weekly so we see them quite a bit. Service is always great and they will do whatever it takes to get a product ordered and in quickly for you. They carry the dog food we use and always have it in stock. We've also received quite a few freebies for new stuff we're trying. Great place, great people, great business! See you guys again next weekend.Matt & Katie
4	I had trouble finding it from it's apparent location on google maps, it's in the plaza with Fresh N'Easy. My first time there with my dog today, the girl was friendly and helpful and the place was clean!  I just wish it were a little less expensive and I'd go back more often.
4	This is a great dog wash/pet store!  We came here to give our pupster a bath because I saw a photo of their tubs on yelp.  The great thing about the bath tubs is that they're open on both sides.  So many of the washes we've been to have tubs where one side backs up against a wall.  So if you have a pooch who's apprehensive about bath time, or just plain hates it, you know they won't exactly willingly about-face and let you rinse their other side lol.  It just makes it a little easier to have access to your pup the whole way around. The service is great here, too.  We got a tub right away and one of the workers came over and asked us which shampoo we'd like.  We took a look at the menu, which offers oatmeal, sensitive skin options, scented options, a shampoo for dogs who shed a lot, etc.  She brought our shampoo over immediately and gave us tips on how to lather.  They even have a special shampoo for the dogs' faces that doesn't sting and is safer to use!  Love it!  They offer everything you could want and need to groom and bathe your dog - the coveted furminator, brushes, towels, aprons, etc. We took a look around the store and they also have the food we use for our dog (Taste of the Wild)!  The prices seem competitive.  My ONLY complaint would be that the dryers are in a separate spot.  This is probably actually a blessing in disguise because if the place were busy I imagine the dog hair would be flying all over in everyone else's tub, and everyone would be getting blown away by the high powered dryers lol.  But it's only slightly inconvenient for dogs who are a little fussy to begin with.  (Ours was fine though). Can't wait to go back here, although I know my dog probably isn't itching to return.
5	My husband and I went there last weekend for the first time to bathe our miniature Shelty. Great place, clean, friendly personnel, inexpensive. I think Fe Fe was pleased with the Blueberry facial , oatmeal conditoner and the Passion fragrance. We will definetly return in the near future.
1	I can't write about anything else but the grooming.  After reading the good reviews on here, I took my dog there about two weeks ago, and was not very pleased with the groomer, Diana.  When we first got there, she ran to the back to scream at the dogs that were back there to quiet down.  I have a Portuegese Water Dog, and she said grooming would be $65.00 because he was matted.  When I went to pick him up and inquired after regular grooming and if the price would be lower, because he would no longer be matted, she initially said no but then said we could work something out if I brought him in regular.  When I took my dog home, he ran to his water bowl, because he hadn't had any water in over four hours - which makes me question if she had even taken him out to use the bathroom.  She also told me that she had accidently cut one of his nails too short in case I noticed blood.  I understand accidents happen, but I didn't get the feeling that she actually cared about my dog.  I wll not be taking my dog back there for grooming.
5	We had our dog groomed here today, and we were very pleased with the experience.  Diana, the groomer, provided exceptional customer service and showed great kindness to our girl.
3	I called to make an appt. for my dog to be groomed and the groomer was very 'short' with me as if I was annoying her by inquiring about an appt.  When I showed up at the scheduled time, she quickly sent me away saying she doesn't groom certain breeds which was not mentioned on the phone at the time of the appt.  I can see why she works with animals and not people since she is abrupt and unpleasant. The only reason for the 3 star is their self-grooming is convenient and affordable.
5	I've taken all 3 of my doggies to "The Soggy Dog" and they we great.  My Lab loved it and boy did he smell good afterwards.  If you want to have a wonderful time with your dogs, go give them a bath at "The Soggy Dog".
4	Took our dog here for the first time today and Diana did a great job.
5	We bring our two dogs to Diana to be groomed quarterly and I am always pleasantly surprised that she remembers who they are when I make the appointment. The grooming is always affordable and very well done.  On top of that, they are always ready about an hour before what she originally tells us when I drop them off which is great because I usually miss them quite a bit when they are there!
5	Awesome people and amazing services. We buy all of our dog food/treats from here. Very knowledgable staff as well. We wanted to change products and they took the time to talk with us about what we wanted. They also remember us every time we go in. That's customer service!
4	I really like this place.  They've got the full tubs that are raised so you don't kill your back.  They have a good selection of shampoo's so you should be able to get something that meets your needs.  They also have the low-shed conditioner which is a must for my brat.We're pretty low maintenance so we just bathe and go but I see where they have a little room to blow dry yours if you want.  I think they do grooming for you too if you want that.  Also a nice selection of food and treats.  I have to buy a treat as soon as I get there to lure mine in to the tub as if I try to life her she'll bite me.  Luckily the treats are irresistible to her so it works every time.
5	I LOVE this place!  The people are nice and attentive. The place is very clean. I have 4 dogs and take them about once a month. I would drive across town to go here. You'll love it.  I won't go anywhere else.
5	We love this place! Best place hands down to take your dogs for a bath, treats, food, toys, or to be groomed~ Diana has been grooming my 3 large dogs for several years now, and we wouldn't go to anyone else. The owner and staff here are always friendly and helpful, and as a business owner myself, with Crazy4Paws Pet Sitting, they have given me so many great referrals and I refer Soggy Dog to my clients all the time!!!
1	The first time I went there the receptionist was nice and helpful. She explained about all the different shampoos and how much to use.  My dog is 94lb pit bull. Short hair. Who doesn't like baths. So on my way out, I asked how much for them to groom him. She says, "for him? 60.00". What?? The second time I went to wash him the receptionist was rude and she made it known I was interrupting her day. She was extremely unhelpful. The place was filthy. When I took him in to blow dry him, I looked up and saw I was in a tornado of dog hair. GROSS so I promptly paid and got the heck out of there. I won't be going back.
1	I hate giving bad reviews, it's a person's livelihood.  So I give it a couple of chances to allow for a bad day.  That being said, however, I used to be a regular visitor, but the last few months have shown me that the place is in a consistent decline.  The place was quite dirty the last 2 times I went in, it looked like the tubs hadn't been cleaned between dogs ( there wasn't but 1 other dog there), the  staff at the front desk didn't even say hello when I walked in, and acted like she didn't want to be bothered.  They did raise their prices, which I can understand, but they refused to honor a coupon I had, saying it was for new customers only ( it was not written on the coupon anywhere).  That, actually was the proverbial straw for me.  They were more interested in new customers than the established loyal ones who had been with them since their opening.  I didn't have to be told twice my business was not welcome.
5	This place is fantastic. The women who run it are so pleasant and accommodating. They have a lot of great products, but won't hesitate to order anything you need that they don't carry. They're very knowledgable and clearly have a real love for animals. The only bad thing is they aren't open on Mondays, but that's hardly a complaint. I have never had a bad experience at Soggy Dog, and would recommend them to anyone.
1	Saturday and the dog is a dirty coming from Willow Beach and at 5:15 they refused to allow us to wash our dog because they need an hour? to clean up? The last baths are at 5pm...Thats lame...if I owned the businesses I'd say " is he that bad come on down"! No one is customer service oriented anymore!
5	I'm an out of towner visiting my Parents for the Christmas weekend. I brought my two dogs in for a bath after doggie park. The two ladies were very friendly and helpful. I've never been to a self wash before and this was a great first time experience!! Price was reasonable for the product offered. And they give a Military discount!!!
