5	What a beautiful building & staff! You have to check this library out on or after Saturday, May 7th @10 am! KUDOS LAS VEGAS-CLARK COUNTY LIBRARY DISTRICT!
5	The open space, large ceiling to floor windows, and bright area gives this library a welcoming vibe. The layout is spread out and provides many great places to study in the open or in secluded rooms. The book store and vending areas is the perfect space to allow teens to hang out with their friends and not disturb the other patrons. The garden display is beautiful, using many common items that would normally be trashed, giving new life to old rubbish.
5	Yeah this place is pretty much awesom-o. For one thing, it's now the closest library to my house. Yay! For another, it's the newest location in the Clark County Library District and it's absolutely beautiful. How could you not love an extremely forward thinking building such as this? If you visit, you have to check out the information kiosks that explain how the building was designed to be as efficient and environmentally friendly as possible. It shows that you can have tons of natural light and wide open spaces, but still be energy efficient.The only downside is that it might take me a few visits to get used to the layout. But that's a good problem to have. Oh and the parking lot seems to be strangely designed with a seating area that probably won't ever get used and an over-engineered book return drive-through lane. It's all good. I always return my books inside so that I get a receipt. (I learned my lesson years ago with a DVD that was supposedly never returned).
5	Finally...a nice clean library close to my house!!!  Yippy!!!  This is a beautiful well constructed library consisting of an auditorium, private study rooms, story room, computers, wide DVD, book, and CD selections.  Did I mention the lil art gallery upon entering?  The artist made art from recyclables which are all impressive.
5	Newest library, clean, bright, high ceilings. There's a nice little room where kids can go for story telling. This is now the closest library and this is now where I'll be going.
3	Loving the location as there's finally a new library up in the southwest other than old and ghetto spring valley library.  This one is definitely spacious and bright with wide open windows.I do however need to deduct stars for a idiotic librarian who got all disgruntle about me whispering on the phone for only 2 min. First of all, yes i do realize its a library and i shouldn't be loud but I WASN'T.  Secondly, there was no one around me that could even possibly hear my whispering, and last but not least, there's freakin babies crying and kids talking all over the place, but nooooo, me whispering is going to bother all the invisible people sitting around me.
5	Fantastic community and cultural coolness. By far, the single most important resource for parents is the Las Vegas-Clark County Library District ( http://www.lvccld.org/ ) and this library is the pinnacle of achievement to date. Finally, a shining example of my tax dollars at work that works for me, for you, for my homeys that drove in from Cali this weekend...this is the best library I have seen...ever.Even better than the "Sahara West Library". Better than the library in which my mother works in Kansas. (Yes, my mother is a librarian, yes, she looks like one too, yes, she is the coolest librarian in Kansas).Photos to be attached.
4	This library is pretty impressive. Nice new building, very open layout. Brought the kids here a few times already and they love it. Have a little play area for them and we usually get a few books and DVDs to take home.
2	I feel that everyone is all oooh and ahhh about this place simply for the fact that it's brand new and it's conveniently located for us SW residents. Thus, I'm giving this location only 2 stars for those 2 reasons.Having lived in the SW for quite sometime I've awaited for this locations opening since it's inception. But if you are like me and have traveled near and far to other locations will find that this library is lacking. Here are just my thoughts:1) This library is lacking in signs. For example aside from the cute little cut up's posted on the side of the children's reference desk there is no other indications to distinguish the children's and adult's reference desk. Also aside from the slight variation in color (on the signs posted on the end caps of the book cases) can you tell where the children, youth and or adult books are. Well yea there only obvious if you look closely right? If you've been to the Rainbow library I know they have tacky neon signs but at least you know where your at. Music, DVD, children's section, etc.2) Where is the youth/teen only section like the one at Enterprise? I'm not a teen but I think having your own area to chill is cool. 3) The study rooms make me feel like I'm a showcase at the circus with the clear big windows. Oh my gosh and the walls don't go all the way to the ceiling so sitting in a study room is just useless cause it just magnifies the sound 10X's over. BTW, FYI parents if your with your children or anyone for that matter in the small section next to the study rooms we can literally hear your conversations wide and clear.  4) The security gaurds are so unfriendly at this location and the main one that's usually there is like constantly on NARC mode. Then again it's probably just me, lol. I miss Bud (I think that's his name) over at Enterprise he's so nice and friendly and talks to everyone.5) I know the library is nice and wide and open, but if you have been to this location you have to agree that having it nice and open like that just magnifies the noise level.6) I love the seats that are placed on the North side of the building even though the slide out table is just a little too low for me. But they are pretty cool and comfy. (I'd give a 1/2 star for that if i could) But the study tables that are stratgically located between bookshelves are poorly placed. All the study tables should be placed together in one area like in a corner of the building. Otherwise toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo many people who are looking for books around those area clearly don't see anyone studying on those tables and running their mouth like their in a movie theaters.  Oh wait your not suppose to be talking there also, duh. 7) Another stratgically section is the play area for toddles, it's right when you enter the library. Ahhh it's cute I know but since their the only group that has their own little closed off section why can't they keep all playing inside that little room. It looks cool from the outside looking in shouldn't they just be in there to play. It would really help with the noise management.  Well I could probably go on but that would be nit picking and I don't really want to be that kind of person, ha! BTW why is there always a line at the return book station? Also did you know that you can drop off your DVD's and CD's in the book drop outside? I don't think the word was spread about it cause clearly they don't want you to do that but I was told from the people working at the customer service desk that people were complaining of the limited time frame that people had to return items. So as a courtesy you can now drop them off in the outside drop box. Just saying...
4	Great place to bring kids. There's a private room with storytelling and other kiddie activities. You can check out their schedule online: http://lvccld.org/about/branch_info.cfm?id=26. The whole library is bright, clean, and environmentally friendly. I thought it was going to be a lot bigger, but half of the building is used for administrative offices and other functions. Still, it's worth it to bring the kids down, check out books, CDs or DVDs.
4	I really enjoyed going to this location and I'm pretty sure that I'll be returning again and again.First of all, it's a HUGE building.  When I was driving around looking for it, I accidentally drove up to a school--not paying attention to the address and my lack of directional sense are my problems.  After I made sure that I got to the right place, though, I was pretty impressed, especially with the architecture.I'm pretty particular about noise and talking whenever I go and study/visit a library, so I had to deduct a star for that, in addition to the lack of signage.  I actually got confused when it came to the Children's/Young Adult's Computers and the Adult Computer Lab.  After one of the personnel pointed me in the right direction, I was helped by an attendant in the computer lab.  He was able to point me in the right direction and get me connected to the computer that I had reserved for 2 hours.  In terms of the noise level, I'm just glad that one of the security guards will kick you out for using your cell phone in the library, but I only wish that the person would also tell people to be quiet, since it is a quiet area.  I also noticed a separate reading room, rooms for quiet study (first-come, first-served), and only wish that they had more of these rooms.  They also had a huge auditorium, too, in addition to the two different circulation desks, kiosks for self check-out, vending machine area/used bookstore, and tiny art gallery.I honestly like the comfy seats that are spaced along the windows and the fact that they have a swing out convertible desk top.  I also like that they have bigger tables in case you have a lot of stuff with you.All in all, a great area and I do like coming here to study/do work.  I'll definitely be making more and more visits, despite my gripes.  Good job.
4	The Windmill Library is located just off Rainbow Blvd. I'm so happy this library opened because it is close to my house in Mountain's Edge and right on our way to pretty much any amenity - grocery store, restaurants, shopping. New, clean, modern, large, spacious. I never have problems finding a book or movie to take home. The staff is always helpful and friendly. I'm sure when I have some we-ones I'll explore more that this library has to offer.
4	I love this library. Mainly for its architecture, features, and the story behind the building. It has its own art gallery inside, but don't assume it's a huge gallery like the one on Charleston by CSN. It mainly features various scultpures. They also have a bookstore, conference rooms, and study rooms you can reserve as well. The design is sleek and clean cut, and all the features of the building is environmentally friendly. The solar lighting, panels, the windows that bring in as much light into the library to conserve energy as well as indoor insulation and irrigation systems. They have a great interactive kiosk that informs you about the structure, functions, and features of the building. They also provide wifi as well for thosewho are grinding up on online school or office work. The help desks are very informative and help. Any questions you may have, they are sure to assist you as best they can. They also are very familiar with the book collections they have and they try to stay as up to date as possible.Also, if you have a bunch of books you are trying to get rid of, keep in mind THAT THIS LIBRARY DOES ACCEPT DONATIONS for dvds, magazines, books, and music as long as they are in good condition.
5	So clean, so new, so organized!I absolutely love this library. I'm actually sitting inside right now using their free wifi for the first time. The place is VERY clean and very organized. There are also many places to sit and lots of outlets to use for your electronic devices. You don't have to ask for a wifi password at all because you can just connect directly. They just divide it into adult access and minor access, but anyone can access either. The employees are helpful and surprisingly friendly. They seem like they genuinely want to accommodate your needs. The library even has its own small gallery where different works of art by different people are displayed, which is pretty awesome. I hope they maintain this library because it will probably be the only library I go to for the years to come.
5	New building.  Great seats along the windows with double fold out lap desks.  Favorite spot.
4	My brother's favorite place. He actually showed me this place-I prefer unlv library. We come once a week- mostly on saturdays when I'm @ home. He complains about the small fiction section. But other then that it a great place to find material to read.  I wish I knew about donating books here, before we donated them to Africa.
4	I was so very excited when I found out a library was being built in my neighborhood. I am a huge fan of the written word and I love coming to this ultra modern facility to quench my literary needs.The staff is very friendly and more then willing to answer any questions you have. They have a great selection of books, free wi-fi, and plenty of spaces for you to read, study, or just veg. out.One small tip ... if you have books taking up valuable space in your house donate them to the library .... it's a great tax write-off!
5	This is a clean, beautiful, professional looking establishment. It also happens to be the headquarters of all the libraries. ANy applications or art entries get turned in here, as well as random events that happen such as small child story telling times.Its a little out of the way, but while I was there, they even let me turn in my books from my closer library...i just love that.
5	Yeah, I rock a kindle and an iPad, but sometimes, I just want to go to the library. . . And sometimes books I want to read are not available at the kindle store!  This library is really new, the newest in the Valley, I think.  It's nice and open, has tons of parking and is very easy to navigate.  Since there are usually a lot of kids at this branch, I typically reserve my books online and head straight for the reserve shelf when I get there.  I love that Vegas libraries allow you to check yourself out through a computer.  In and out in 5.  Yay!
4	A lot of natural lighting. Many programs for kids.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  Kids section has many offerings other than books.  Very quiet and comfortable, seems to have something for all age groups and interests.
5	I am a huge advocate in promoting literacy so I am so thrilled that such a beautiful and modern library is open in my neighborhood. They have a huge children's section, private study rooms, a wide selection of DVDs and CDs, a small art gallery and a story time area for kids.I encourage everyone to take advantage of this library's offerings. I'm here probably once or twice a week! I've saved tons of money by borrowing books and DVDs. I can't wait to take my son here to browse through the book stacks when he's older and to take part in the many kids events they offer.
2	Seriously, this place gets on my nerves. I come in to tutor a couple kids one day a week. The Asian lady at the adult services desk is in serious need of a personality - very unfriendly. Then, the security guards are on an authority high. You can barely even have a whispering conversation in the study rooms. I get harassed while talking to a parent yet there is a crying child or idiot watching videos on his phone in the room next to me. I don't know if these people just don't like people tutoring there or if this is normal behavior, but I'm pretty done with being told I'm too loud when I'm not (I'm seriously not, I know what appropriate library behavior is) and getting dirty looks from cynical library employees.
2	This library's closer to my house than my FAVORITE (Sahara West), but I still prefer to make the drive to Sahara West. Windmill Library is indeed a library with a lot of books and from the outside, you'd think the LIBRARY would be massive inside, but it's actually only in the left side of the building. Don't park on the right side of the parking lot because you'll end up making quite the trek just to get to the library section. The library is only one story (who knows what goes on upstairs) which contains children as well as adult literature. Perks of the library would be that they're close to my house, and they have a better selection of DVDs & random paperbacks for children, especially pertaining to superheroes. The following lists the reasons why I still drive 20 minutes to Sahara West (SW from now on):1. The librarians, security guards (not because my children are terrible, but because one of them thinks my son is extraordinarily cool), and women at the circ desk all know my children. I never see the librarians at Windmill Library talk to anyone or do anything fun.2. The set up is no bueno for wandering children, because as soon as they walk 2 feet past the children's CD, they'll find a bunch of old people sitting there reading adult books. SW is completely separated by the Young Adult section & there are no serious reading adults for at least 20 yards. 3. Storytime gets full? What? I have never been denied out of storytime at SW (we go every week), but the room here is so small, it reaches capacity fast. Weird. They should reconfigure the useless space upstairs & do storytime there! Problem solved.4. Adult paperbacks are kind of a mess. They're separated by topic, but not alphabetized (SW's is!). Once, I was desperately looking for a book & was open to a paperback version so I called the library when they opened to see if a librarian could check for me. She told me that she doesn't have time to do that and I have to come see myself because they're all over the place. I asked, "none of your stuff is alphabetized?" & she said, "yes, it's like a treasure hunt". Hmm.... Apparently, even the librarians there think it sucks.... so much so that she doesn't want to get out of her chair & do her job. If you're a parent who's used to going to Windmill, check out Sahara West. I'll just be coming here if I'm feeling lazy or really need to return something.
5	Whenever I'm off on Wednesdays, I try to take my nephew to the storytime they have here.Best of all is it's completely free!The staff is so friendly and great at reading to the kids. So fun to see all the kids read along and sing along. Always great to get kids imaginations running so early in childhood.We like to borrow books and DVDs after storytime. Not to hate on other libraries but, this one is so new and clean. It's easier to find books and dvds because of this. They don't seem so compacted into a small space.
3	So I'm in a love/hate kind of relationship with this library. I love how this library is close to my house and is so eco-friendly. The architecture is modern and I'm in love with the pull-out desk chairs. So why the 3 stars? Because there are kids EVERYWHERE. So you know how usually the kids stay in the kids section? Nope not here! Parents like to migrate with their kids to the study areas where there are people studying and then just start talking out-loud with their kids. Study rooms are first come first serve and there aren't many. In addition, the security guards are kind of on and off. Theres one who is very strict and another one who doesn't really care much. I see people bring in starbucks and food sometimes which I know is not allowed. I really wish they would allow food in here though =(.  Anyways, the library itself though done very beautiful, is quite small. Its connected to another building (which I thought initially was the whole library) that actually serves for meetings and conferences. COME IF you have kids and want to check out books.DO NOT COME IF you need a quiet place to study.
1	RUDE *SS workers. Don't get me wrong, I used to love studying here & the environment is really nice & all that but I really did not like how this one worker spoke to me. I was literally about to hang up my phone when I was searching for a study table & she gives me this nasty attitude how I had to take it to the lobby. & Yes I know it is a library & I shouldn't be on my phone in the first place but I honestly felt like her sh*tty attitude was totally unnecessary. I was going to put my phone away anyway & I have seen so many people here also on their phones & I haven't seen any other workers say anything about it. & another thing is sometimes I don't feel like I'm in the library because people are allowed to talk as loud as they please. & it's not even as big as it looks. So there's my rant about this library. If you want peace and quiet, don't come here. Kids are screaming everywhere. I think I'll just stick to UNLV's library.
5	This was the FIRST library i started taking my 2 yr old to for story time. and they've always been AMAZING with kids, its very well structured and a wonderful place for kids to learn behavior skills and learning time. i moved to North LV. and the ALIANTE LIBRARY IS TERRIBLE. So it definately made me appreciate the staff here at Windmill
5	Only been to this library once for a gallery review and its one of the most beautiful libraries in town (aside from Lied)!Big ceilings and natural light fill the space. When I went there, there was plenty of room to spread out along with lots of computers, books and children's areas. The nearest library from Clark County for me is Enterprise and both buildings are practically night and day from one another. While I find Enterprise cramped and impersonal, I find Windmill open and inviting.
4	Public libraries are the best! If only it could stay open later like the university libraries, although like most public libraries this one caters more to kids. This one has a theater, computer lab, art exhibit, break room,and lots of space for activities.  State of the art technology! Plus free wifi.
4	I'm a huge fan of public libraries and I am very impressed with the Clark County library system.  While each library doesn't have HUGE collections, as a system they haven't disappointed me yet.  Items placed on hold with no other people in queue arrive at your branch in 1-2 days ready for pick-up.  Even if 100 people are ahead of you, the fact they seem to have many copies doesn't make terribly painful.The staff here is very friendly and the library is really beautiful. A lot of the collections are on shorter shelves so it lets in a lot of natural light so it never feels like you are in a dark abyss.Remember to unlock your CD/DVD's, you'll learn when you get home and can't open the darn thing and have to turn back!
4	One of the best libraries in the valley! Love the lightning inside through the huge windows and many areas to sit and study/read. Only downside is that it's great for kids- which means it isn't always quiet when you need it to be. Study rooms are great too, but are usually busy & there are only 4. You only get a study room for a couples hours at a time. Gets really busy during the weekends
4	I love the atmosphere, cleanliness and modern artistic feel of the new library. I will be spending the majority of my weekends here :) friendly staff and plenty of newly released books.
3	The library is beautiful but security is retarted strict lol
5	Great thing that this library is near my house. Its big, few floors high but I only been to the corner part downstairs.Staff is very friendly and helpful.Computer lab is large so when I went there were plenty of computers available.But i instead opted for the laptops..you can use it as long as you want within the facility. You can request to use the private study rooms. Very quiet. It feels like a office. Overall great place. Tax dollars are going to great use here. Unfortunately education is bottom of the barrel in Nevada even with these great facilities. I guess its the Vegas culture?
4	Former patron of the Sahara Ave library, this library is just as nice but not as big. For such a large building I was expecting a larger selection of books and space. It feels like the books were an after thought which is weird because it's a library. I must say this for the Clark County Library System, they do a great job at making reading easily accessible no matter what part of town your in. I have been to this one on Windmill, the one on Sahara Ave and the one on Tropicana East. All have been clean and we'll kept with friendly staff that are helpful.
5	This is for their story time only. We've been coming here for the past couple months for baby storytime. They've recently changed who was in charge of story time and we like it soooooo much better. I've tried going to the all ages story time but my one year old was blocked by the older kids. Thus, it's always best to stick to toddler or baby time if possible. The library is smaller than I expected but it never seems busy. It's definitely one of the smaller libraries but I do love their story time program. A definite must when you don't know what to do with your child.
5	I love this library. They are friendly and its a good place for the kids to hang out.
4	If only this library was open when I was still in school!  Windmill Library was built for a LEED Gold rating, if I remember correctly, and this design led to a very comfortable and pleasant space.  There are very few walls in this building, and most of the exterior is all glazing, so you get plenty of natural light throughout the library.I love how the library portion of the building is basically a gigantic room.  No labyrinths or separate rooms to navigate like in other libraries.  Everything you need is in one room and is organized well.  Plenty of seating is available, and power is available near every seat for your laptop and charging needs.Although I'm not a student anymore, there are still times when I need a change of scenery for working or reading, and this library easily beats the typical coffee shop alternative.
5	My printer was broken and found this nearby library: just 2-3 minutes driving. It opens 7 days a week and is in brand new and quiet condition. The library staffs were all helpful and I printed out what I needed in just a minute. I wish I have more time exploring their book selections.
5	Massive library incredible customer service young man walked me through the entire process in less than 2 minutes got my library card my books great quick service.  A lot easier than expected
5	This library is a great place to settle down and get some work done!  There is plenty of parking spaces and the outside is very clean.  The library is opened every day except for holidays.Upon entering, there is a board of events that they host in the lounge area.  This library has a very big emphasis on family.  There is also a small art gallery and vending machines with drinks and snacks on the side.  The restrooms are also located in the lounge area and are well kept.Upon entering the actual library are several help desks with individuals who are ready to help you out.  There are many tables and small "reclining desk" chairs along the windows.  There is a teen computer lab as well as an adult computer lab.  Did I mention they have free wifi if you bring your laptop?  I believe they also have laptops available to rent for the duration of your visit.  There are also study rooms available if you ask the people at the desk.They offer 4 private study rooms that include a whiteboard and markers which is perfect for group projects.  The one thing I don't like about them is the lack of ceiling in those rooms so you can hear everyone outside and vice versa.They have a vast collection of books and articles to read there, just ask for help when searching for something specific.  As I mentioned earlier, all in all it's a great place to focus on work without getting distracted by the television or other entertainment devices.
3	I like this library, I really do. My only gripe is the story time for kids. At the end of story time, the kids get a stamp on their hand. One story time counselor always ways seems to skip over the louder children in the room. I have a 2 year old and he enjoys story time but gets a little excited. Twice he hasn't gotten a stamp. I wouldn't be writing this review but it's kind of a big deal to him. The first time I just thought the counselor missed him but the second time had blatant eye contact. He sat there with his hands on top of his head and then no stamp.  I was annoyed so we left. Its a great library and we look forward to story time whenever we can make it. Just include all the kids in the hand stampin is all I'm sayin.
5	Writing this review as a mother of two small children I have to say that this library is amazing...seriously. The Children's Librarians are as good as they get, and we are at story time there at least twice a week. The librarians are helpful, knowledgeable, and just really really good people. Not only that but the facility is amazing! When I was a little girl I hated going to the library because it always seemed so stuffy and jail like....the Windmill Library is open, airy, sunny, and vibrant. There are lots of rooms and desks for studying (but if your a mom like me you aren't going to the library for that reason) the children's play area is fantastic and there are lots of rotating items. They have recently made this library into a "Family Place" which means that they encourage an environment of interactive and imaginative play - this library is no longer a place to hush your children at every turn but as long as they are not being overly loud or disruptive they can foster a love for books and embrace the library as their own.
5	This is the closest library to us and I love going here. My kids enjoy it too. I went to the story times once when we still had 2 means of transpo and it was enjoyable. I have been here more than just twice, I just don't bother checking in because my kids are always excited to get started.They have two play areas here for the little children with the story room in the middle. My boys love checking out both sides. They have a variety of things for little ones to do in those play areas - puzzles, coloring/drawing/writing, doll house and toy kitchen, board books, building blocks, etc! I love how there are seats nearby so you can read to your kids if they feel like it. I always choose the ones by the board books because then it encourages my boys to pick a board book and sit next to me (on my lap or the floor) to read by themselves or for me to read to them.I have always dreaded taking children to the library before I saw this because it seemed like a ton of hushing to do, but in this library the little ones are fine as long as they aren't being overwhelmingly loud.I have also rented quite a number of nice classic movies for children here. The staff is friendly and helpful. They are always willing to help. The building is nice and big. There's an auditorium and a small "snack area" and a little gallery. They have tons of events a week which makes it fun. Once we went in and didn't know there was a free concert going on at the auditorium for the children. It was great! They have pretty neat bathrooms for kids and adults alike, and plenty of computers for the youth to use. They also have study rooms for those who wants to have their quiet study time with other people.You can return books either by the machines inside the building or just by the drive-thru outside which comes in handy when you're in a hurry with kids. Returning books in the machines is really easy, even my little ones can do it. I like their book bundles for kids as well, often grouped by topic. Easy peasy check out.If you are looking for a family-friendly library, this one won't fail. It's pretty refreshing to finally be able to bring kids to a library and actually enjoy the experience.The only downside for me is when SOME parents don't let their kids clean up their mess (puzzle pieces everywhere? Colored drawings and crayons sprawled all over?) Sure, the staff can do it. Sure, it's their job. I think it's just a good learning opportunity for my kids to put things back when they're done so others can use it, and it's kind of teaching them consideration of others (for other parents/kids and staff alike) and responsibility. Just 'cause others can clean it up for you doesn't mean you can just make the mess. It's not a hotel room or indoor children's playground, it's a library.
5	If the kid's areais any indicationof what the rest of this libraryis like,then I cannot helpbut give this place 5 stars.The clean, open, and comfortablereading space of the children'slibrary was so accommodatingto kiddies and parentsalike that I found myselflounging with my little one.Moreover, the story book roomis simply awesomeand helps to encourage readingas well as a love of booksat a very formative age.A library that encourages reading?Imagine that.
5	5 starts, no questions asked.We try to make it at least once a week to their story time at the mornings. Monday morning is baby story time, and Almost any other morning it's either pre K, toddler, etc, The staff is great and very kids and babies friendly. The facility itself is great with some cute kids play areas. The variety of books is great and the place always looks neat and clean. Bottom line - love this place!
5	Love love love! So happy they are located close! Clean. Fresh. Friendly. Plenty of options from Children's books, movies, activities, reading programs, TO adult books, movies, magazines, educational reading. 5 Star experience!
2	The library looks much bigger on the outside than the inside since half of the building is used as the major business hub for the library system in clark county.The vending machines are out of order or only take small change, and the security guard is super strict about bringing in beverages in disposable cups (i.e. starbucks). Also the WIFI is the worst. I've had to reconnect 4 times since starting this post. Ridiculous.This would be a great place to study if it werent for the lack of beverage options and wifi consistency which are two major necessities to study.
5	When I am visiting this side of town, I try to come here as much as I can.  Nice place, good selection of books, cds, and dvds for all ages.  Customer service is awesome, staff is always willing to help, free wi-fi, numerous amounts of desktop computers to chose from with access to printer/copy machines.  Lots of study and quiet rooms to choose from.  Also have a small snack area where you can eat and drink.  Now only thing missing here is a functional coffee shop unlike Paseo Verde Library located in Henderson Nevada.
4	For a long while now, I've been nurturing this review for Windmill Library in the Southwest, yes, this library is fantabuawesome, and now I think I'm more than inspired to write because of my experience with its sister library on Enterprise, no, I will not like the latter on Facebook because they don't take the time to sharpen their pencils. I really like my pencil sharp and that is why Windmill is my favorite between the two.Windmill Library is the newest library among Clark County's public libraries, I think, and they try to maintain it new and orderly by organized books on the shelves, clean and nice smelling bathrooms, and that guy who makes the daily announcement that kids need to be picked up thirty minutes before closing time.Plenty of parking outside, but study tables and chairs can be full sometimes, (and watch out for kids running around); library-goers really love to study and cool down here during the Summer. Design is nice too and interior has good light source from the ceiling and natural light coming from the big windows with the view of the Las Vegas boundless sky.This has many, if not all, amenities of a modern library i.e. wifi, fax, small gallery, community room... but I have to agree with the other reviewers that it really looks bigger at the outside and smaller-than-it-looks open-sectional inside, perhaps it encourages an interactive space and healthy isolation at the same time, but it's really up to you to tell.
5	This is a really great library - don't let the size of the building fool you.  Half of it may be taking up by administrative offices - can't believe people would give a lower than 4-5 stars just because they were "deceived" by the size of the building.Anyways, my little one and I love this library.  It's really close to home, which is a plus, and they have conveniently time storytimes for babies and toddlers.  These fill up quickly, especially the toddler storytimes, so get there at least 10min early.  My little one likes to look through the kids books, picking ones out that interest her, plus she likes to play in the little kids area while I continue to look at books.  The librarians who lead the storytimes are really great too.  I've done both the baby and the toddler, and they've been varied with different songs, stories, puppets, and lots of songs with motion.  They also have a decent collection of movies - old and new.  The newer movies and shows you are better off reserving them online through the library.  Sometimes the newer movies won't make it to the shelf for a while because of the waitlist.  But, it is a cheaper option compared to renting or streaming a movie. I also like the new checkout system - you just scan them out yourself, and your card has a PIN number.  And of course, my little one likes to return them on their conveyor belt system.  Since I do have a little one, I do travel to the other libraries looking for free toddler activities (which the county libraries do have quite a variety - but you have to be willing to travel) - this is by the far the best library out there as far as good/safe area and cleanliness.
4	This library is amazing.  I love that they have a performing arts stage.  The toddlers & babies area is wonderful.  The selections are great, too.  4 stars because the snack area is too small.  A couple moms with strollers and no can do.  Used book selection for purchase is good.
3	I like this library because it's actually the closest one to me. They have a huge & wide parking lot so unlike the Spring Valley library, a close parking spot is quite easy to find. From the outside, it looks like a large library but upon entering, you'll find that it's mostly children's books and felt, to me, like a children's library. Also, when you enter, it looks like only half the building contains the books. The one thing I do like is there little section of books you can buy, just like any other library, I think that's my favorite. I really only come here to drop off books or pick up books that I've requested online.
2	They totally ruin the browsing experience of a library by not organizing the non fiction section into general subjects i.e. Cookery.  It's alphabetically done so you have to go the 'V' shelf to go to the vegan cookbooks.  Free WiFi didn't go through on my pc.  Plenty of parking though.  Even though it is a bigger building, it has less books than the Sahara library.
5	The Windmill Library is Awesome!!! Great place to take your kids to get interested in reading. Free internet too.
5	I like "request hold" option via the internet. It's super easy to swing by and pick it up & check out! I never have an issue other than the one time I was getting charged for a check out item and I had returned it. I always get a receipt now! Other than that? It's a great place! I like the fact that they have movies playing in the theater twice a month.
4	This museum is huge and there are tons of different displays. We spent most of our time with the California species, birds, insects and spent some time in the Butterfly House, which was amazing! The Museum is located right next to a Metro Link stop so it's easy to take the train and avoid traffic, parking, etc. It's also next to Exposition Park and a number of other interesting museums so one could easily spend many hours there with a variety of things to see and do. We chose to spend all our time at the Natural History Museum this visit and even though we were there most of the day, we did not have time to see 'everything' nor did we have time for any of the wonderful docent-led tours or presentations so if your goal is to be thorough, be sure to allow plenty of time or possibly more than one day - we decided to join the museum because we felt we could not see all we wanted to see in just one trip.
