5	Stacey is the best waxer I've ever had, being from Miami, I should know a good bikini wax when I see one.  I came to her after a rather traumatic experience with a Brazilian wax here in Vegas.  Stacey was competent, caring, and effective.  She waxes super quick so I don't have to spend a lot of time in agony.  She doesn't go over and over the same place.  She does a great job the first time.  Thank god for Stacey!
5	Stacey is amazing!! I have been going to Stacey for almost a year and have never had a bad wax. She is so great at making her clients feel calm and can get you in an out in less than 30 mins (for eyebrows and  Brazilian) people are always commenting on how great my eyebrows look and Stacey is to thank!  I will never go to anyone but Stacey... Check out wax genie... You will not be disappointed!
5	Stacey is not only the best waxer I've ever had, she even taught me a few new things! This chick knows her sh*t! I just love her!! She uses the best products and I loved getting my candy looking body scrub..that she gives for FREE!! Highly recommended..will be going back for sure!!
5	Wow!!!! This woman is giving me life :) Stephanie is the best waxer in town. I just moved to Vegas from Cali. I was having a hard time looking for a waxer. She is professional, clean and very knowledgeable about taking care of you skin after you wax she has taught me so much. I no longer have little black spots afterwards from in-growns. She makes you feel super comfortable. I love this lady!!!!!!Kim cali girl
5	Stacey is AMAZING!!!! I am so thankful I found her! I have been waxed for years and over 6 years ago when I lost my waxer because she moved I went from one to another never happy. One visit is all it took with Stacey! LOVE her!I recommend her to ALL my friends! Check her out I PROMISE you too will fall in LOVE!
5	Stacey is fantastic and completely knowledgeable about waxing and after care. I came here for my first wax experience and I will definitely be returning. She is awesome and quick, and honestly, she made the experience as painless as possible. It was not nearly as painful as I was expecting. I definitely recommend her and paying a little bit extra for the soothe treatment she does after waxing, it's really helpful!
5	Serving Pure Wax-cellence! All about perfect shaping, waxing, plucking, tinting... Without looking like a drag queen. Stacey is professional, precise, and provides incomparable customer service! Highly recommend The Wax Genie for all your waxing and manscaping needs.
5	Very professional excellent service and the right price.
5	Stacey the Wax Genie is WONDERFUL, Professional, and Personable!  Although my service occurred several weeks ago, it is necessary to ensure this Wonderful Woman receives a Shout Out to Las Vegas to let everyone know Stacey is a MARVELOUS technican who knows her craft well!  If you are looking for professional & personable waxing services at a reasonable cost, Stacey the "Wax Genie" is for you!
5	#1 in Las Vegas! As good as it gets, yes. Stacey knows skin well because she learned from the best and had spent years working in this field, I've gone to her for a very long time! As a bonus you'll never find someone this confident that is also so charismatic! She will make you feel comfortable about being waxed (very important obviously). Friendly, confident, knowledgeable, gentle, and fast. I recommend her to anyone and everyone, and tell them to tip her because she actually deserves it! You'll agree!
5	Stacey, who used to work at another wax place in town, now has her own shop downtown. I came here a couple weeks ago for the first time and was surprised to see her since she had waxed me before at her old job. Stacey is super quick, efficient and professional and before you know it she's already done. Since she has her own shop now, pricing is a lot more reasonable and affordable. I will definitely be coming back in the future to see her!
5	I found Wax Genie on Yelp and after reading all the great reviews I had to make an appointment. I absolutely love that I can quickly and easily book appoinments for any of her services online. The location downtown is great, its very easy to find! Stacey is very friendly and very professional. I went in for an eyebrow wax/shaping, it was quick and painless and most importantly my brows looked great... For a very affordable and reasonable price!!! If it wasn't for my crazy travel schedule I'd visit her more often, she's truly as good as it gets in Vegas! I look forward to trying her other services on my next visit
5	Stacey's excellent, you guys. Anybody who's had a wax knows it's a pretty uncomfortable experience, but Stacey makes it as quick and painless as possible. I went for a Brazillian this week, and I'll be booking another appointment with her soon.You can see that she consistently gets good reviews, and as someone who has been waxed by about a dozen different estheticians, I can say she's a friendly expert who will put you at ease, give knowledgeable skin care advice, and send you on your way, smooth and hair-free! Her competitive prices and convenient downtown location are just icing on the cake. :)
5	Stacey is the best, she always make you feel comfortable.
5	Stacey is a sweetheart! Everything is very clean. I have been waxing for years (I am Brazilian) and it is hard for me to be satisfied with a wax job, but I am! I really recommend her and I will go back.
5	The Wax Genie is my new waxer!  My Brazilian was so thorough yet surprisingly less painful than any waxing I have done before.  Definitely go and see her!
5	The best! The best! The best! I was constantly on a mission to find a waxer I loved. I have been to places all over town and was never overly impressed. I booked with Stacey based on her yelp reviews. The location was a total bonus since I live on the north side of town and it's a breeze to get to. Stacey is so friendly and makes you feel at ease. Her waxing skills are AMAZING, plus she advises on follow up care. Zero pain. I actually look forward to my appointments! I've been to Stacey 3 times now and already have my 4th visit booked. I wouldn't go anywhere else and would recommend her to anyone.
5	I've just moved here from San Diego and I was looking for a waxing place. I found the genie wax on yelp with a lot of good reviews. I took the risk to try it out. Stacey made me feel really comfortable, she gave me a lot of good helpful tips. I would recommend this place to everyone. She's very gentle. Ill be coming back again. Thank you Stacey
5	I just absolutely love coming here for my service. Stacey is an absolute joy!! and she answers any questions you may have. service is speedy. and making an appointment is always easy. :-)
5	I LOVEEE Wax Genie, she is amazing!!!! One of the best! Found on yelp!
4	Stacey is very skilled and accommodating. I'm so glad I was able to find her through Yelp. You will not be disappointed.
5	So glad I found her a few months ago. She's much closer than the only other decent waxing place in Vegas, and she's a bit cheaper. She's super sweet, and with great convo the wax is over before you know it. The vibe of her waxing room (home shared with other businesses) is amazing and down to earth.
5	Stacy is awesome!!! My first wax ever and I was very comfortable. She's fast and knows her stuff. It felt like she was done in a flash. She's great! Definitely going back.
5	Great service and affordable! Stacey is awesome. Not only have I told my friends but my family. I will be a customer as long as she is in business.
5	Stacey is the best! She really knows her business and is very friendly. Made me feel very comfortable and is very professional. I'll go back for sure..
5	Stacey was fabulous!  In town for a convention then a girls weekend and realized something needed to be done with my eyebrows!Found Stacey in Yelp- thanks Yelpers- and was able to get an appointment the next day. Stacey was flexible when I needed to change my appointment time and was super sweet and friendly. She took great care with my brows and lip, asked detailed questions before she started (other estheticians are not always so concerned) and provided some helpful tips. Stacey was very engaging and I would highly recommend her- just sorry I won't be able to use her again until my next trip to Vegas!
5	Stacey is absolutely fabulous!  I had the pleasure of going to beauty school with this brilliant woman.  I've always stayed away from wax because my skin is extremely sensitive and I would always break out.  But when my OBGYN told me I would have to stop shaving (causing bumps & outbreaks).  I was going to have to try something.  So, I called Stacey for some advice.  Thankfully she is extremely informed on the products she uses, and can accommodate this very issue,  and suggested I come in and give it a try.  She worked her magic, and I followed the after wax instructions, now I am ready for my 5th visit, and my OBGYN is wishing we lived closer so she can get waxed too!  Thanks Stacey!
5	A-mazing! She is clean, fast and so good! I felt very comfortable from the moment I walked in the door and am so happy with my Brazilian. Thank you!!
5	Stacey was fantastic. Although it was a short visit, she took her time and it was the best wax I've ever had.
5	Stacey was awesome!  My brows were terrible bc my girl that I normally go to at home was sick so I looked her up and she had great reviews. I highly recommend her to anyone. She was so sweet and very personable to my friend and I.
5	Stacey is wonderful.  Great service, very close to downtown.
5	We did have a lot of fun. Now we are on our way back to savannah now...it was definitely a great trip. Thank you again for making my rachet eye brows look fabulous!
5	STACEY IS GREAT!! She makes me feel very comfortable and engages in conversation to TRY to get your mind off of what you may be waxing. LOL! I am glad I found her on YELP!
5	Is it possible to fall in love with your esthetician ? I think YES! My mother is an esthetician of 20 years and I had never let anyone touch my eye brows except her. Well I moved to Vegas and needed to find someone! Badly! (3 months YIKES!)  I couldn't be more happier that I have found  Stacey. What an amazing spirit she has! She examined my thick eyebrows, asked about skin sensitivity, and actually got to know my taste before waxing. I've never felt so comfortable. Honestly I loved my results more than my mothers. (Ssssh) I had no redness or irritation, and I have extremely fair and sensitive skin. She finished me with an SPF powder and we chatted for a few minutes before leaving. Stacey makes you feel like a friend, not a client. I couldn't be happier for trusting her with my eye brows. Thank you so much for a great experience.
5	First of all - the place is adorable!  It's in a cute house/pilates studio from the 1950s.Stacy did an awesome job, and she even gave me advice on how to treat my freshly waxed upper lip.She's also very friendly and personable.
5	When I first moved to Vegas I was really nervous about finding a new waxing lady, considering i've had some pretty traumatic experiences. Stacey is very good at what she does!! Every time I come to her she is always very kind and makes you feel comfortable during your session. Waxing is quick and easy, 20 mins, in-n-out wax... lol. Very reasonably priced, and every now and then she'll give free samples of this amazing body scrub. You can even buy a big bag of it through her!
5	Stacey rocks. She listened to what I wanted and made my eyebrows amazing. I wish I found her sooner. She turned my over grown, uneven caterpillars into some sexy brows. Thank you!!
5	I let my eyebrows go to hell now, if I can't get in to see Stacy. It is too bad I did not meet her before a quarter of my left brow was lost to a bad thread job. Not to worry! The brow is growing back at a pace of 1 hair every five months. It has taken a significant amount of self control not to tweeze the small cluster that has finally appeared. With Stacy's encouragement, I patiently await more growth.Before I met Stacy I would stroll on in to any old threading parlor because I am don't like to schedule appointments in advance. I'd rather show up the day of. So if Stacy can't get me in when I text her, I just wait and barely maintain. This is how much I love her. I won't go anywhere else anymore.
5	Stacy is a very skilled professional, very sweet, and very gentle. I had a Brazilian and my underarms done and my skin is baby soft. I've been to some of the nicer spas in NYC and LA and this was by far my best waxing experience. I highly recommend.
4	I was living out of my car when I stumbled upon a Yelp! deal for Stacy, The Wax Genie. I drove to the address listed and was a little confused at first since it seems that there is a Yoga Studio in the back and no signage for "The Wax Genie." To alleviate the confusion for any of you, Stacy actually only operates by Appointment Only. Make sure to call her and schedule an appointment before you go. I, being the ding dong that I am, waltzed up and walked-in while she had another appointment with her. No wonder I was so confused.Stacy is extremely friendly and helpful. She scheduled an appointment with me same day since I had already stumbled in, even if it may have been inconvenient for her. I drove around and grabbed a bite to eat and then returned for my full face appointment (brow, forehead, lip). Stacy pays attention to detail, skin condition, time of the month, skin sensitivity, etc. and does everything necessary to ensure the best result.I was a little nervous since she is caucasian and I have very bushy asian eyebrows with giri giri (cowlicks) on the arches of each brow. She did a miraculous job shaping them and neutralizing the welts on my skin.In addition to performing an amazing wax job, she also was helpful and insightful to events and things going on in the Vegas area as she is a Vegas-native. She pointed out that it was First Friday downtown and also the amazing free services that LGBTQ offered since I had made a few inquiries.If I am ever in Vegas again, I would love to visit Stacy, The Wax Genie! Her and her cute marketing, mirroring I dream of Genie! Stacy, if you are reading this... thank you so much for all of your help! I truly appreciated it! Aloha!
5	This is the place to go!!!!  I HATE BIKINI WAX!!!!  HATE IT HATE IT HATE IT.  But I won a full body wax at a charity event so I went today.  I was so scare cause every where I have gone it hurts like a mo fo and I have always said stop and Ill just shave.  BUT NO MORE THANKS TO STACY.  OMG can I say the pain was minimal and I didn't scream once. It hurt a little only in two spots but the rest was EASY!!!!  I have already scheduled for my next appointment and will be a life long client.  STACY ROCKS  knows what she is doing and is the BEST.......  Will NEVER go to anyone else except Stacy at  WAX GENIE.   Thank you Stacy for making me comfortable and helping me stay relaxed.  See you at my next appointment
5	I actually found this place on Yelp and decided to try it as it was considerably cheaper than TPK (The Pretty Kitty). It's a separate room within a yoga studio and the Genie, Stacy is absolutely wonderful! I've been going to her for about a year now, and she is always bubbly with energy.  I really appreciate her because since she is independent, she was able to meet me after I got off work whereas other businesses close by that time. Stacy also uses natural products and gives great (affordable) product tips!If you're looking for a more personable esthitician, go see the Genie!
5	TLDR - The service was great and she got every single hair! She was very delightful and I will definitely go again. I highly recommend her if you want a comfortable waxing experience.I've been waxing for well over a year now (just a newbie) in California by a person who has been doing this for 20+ years. Since I've moved from there, I've had some terrible experiences with bruising, not getting all the hair, and extreme pain. I decided to take another leap of faith with Stacey (I found her on Yelp)  and I do not regret it. She's very well educated in the products she uses and she cares about what your end goals are. So she's just not in it for the money. The environment is clean, comforting, spacious, and very welcoming.Right when you first meet her, she's very energetic, bubbly, and passionate about her job. She keeps the conversation going and doesn't feel awkward at all. The prices are great and you can schedule an appointment online. I mean, how cool is that? Not even my old waxer does that. Using today's technology is a huge plus in my book. :)
5	I have been coming to the Wax Genie for a few months now, and I love her!  Gents, listen up, get your nostrils waxed.  It is virtually pain free and so quick.  Stacey is professional, very clean, and very friendly.  I am so glad my friend referred me to her.  I send all of my friends her way.  Great value.  Great service.  Quick.  Clean.
5	Finally got the time to write a review! I love love LOVE this place! Stacy is awesome. Got a yelp deal but the price still isn't bad without the deal (I think it's $40 or $45 without the deal). I'm seriously considering going to Vegas again just so I can get my wax on! It wasn't painful (this only applies to those who frequently does waxing, if it's your first time getting a Brazilian wax it will always be painful) and you don't feel like you're being rushed so they can accommodate more customers (this is how I feel about The Pretty Kitty). Will be visiting again for sure!
5	A friend of mine found Stacey on yelp and convinced me to try getting my eye brows tinted by her. I was immediately hooked. It takes only a couple of minutes and she gets every hair so you leave with a beautiful dramatic brow. The waiting room was a little strange but Stacey is a very kind and inviting woman. Overall a great experience. I recommend to anyone looking to get an eyebrow tint.
5	I have very sensitive skin and for years and years have experienced horrible break outs after having wax and facial treatments in the past.  I stumbled across Stacey almost a year ago and it's like night and day!  Stacey shapes my eyebrows perfectly and has taken the time to learn my skin type.  She uses products that work for me, so no more break outs!She waxes my brows, lip, and I just had my first facial with her and my skin feels incredible.  I highly recommend Stacey's services, especially if you are prone to break outs and/or have sensitive skin.Other perks:  I am very busy and she always accommodates my schedule, even on weekends.  She offers discounts to people who live downtown, which I really appreciate.  Her fees are very reasonable.
5	I was referred by a friend and it was a great decision. She does a great job of getting all the hair and listening to what you want. If you want something a little different, just ask! She does listen and wants you to be happy. The brazilian was not very painful at all and she does a great job to ensure your comfort. Being able to make appointments online is so helpful since my schedule is crazy. You can also call her too. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great esthetician.
5	Wow! This was the best eye brow wax ever! Out-of-towner, needing a sprucing up and Stacy was outstanding. Sorry to leave such a talented and professional waxer behind.
5	After my regular waxer at Box left, I had to find someone new. I'm so glad I came here!  Stacey was friendly, professional, and most importantly, fast. I'm actually looking forward to my next appointment. One tip - since she is independent, you definitely need to make an appointment, and not drop by (she shares a space with some other businesses). Also, the location is extremely convenient, in a very cute, old part of town (near downtown). And, the price is amazing. No excuse to skip a month!
