4	There is really an insane amount of Roberto's Taco Shops in the Vegas area but for how good this one was, despite being adjoined to a gas station I can see why. Robertos managaes to capture the taste of a local taqueria and propagate it for mass convenience. It's the sort of delicious, greasy, and abundant meal that makes taquerias the ultimate comfort food to me.FYI the tacos are a little ridiculous. But in a good way. They're huge and have a ton of guac on them. My recc: Al pastor all day baby
3	good good. the only thing keeping me away from there are the perverted workers.
5	Yes, there are heaps of Roberto's in Vegas... and California, for that matter.I'm just adding this location because I wasn't aware of it until I drove past it after selling my kidney filling up my car with fuel at the Chevron.  Great hard shell tacos, and rolled tacos (taquitos)... the rice is just as flavorful as the locations in San Diego.  ... and I thought Roberto's only tasted good after a surf session!Give em a try!Mahalozzzz!
4	Tasty tasty tacos!Ingredients seem pretty fresh, and it's really really cheap. We're talking 6 or 7 bucks for tacos, beans, and rice, or whatever other combo plate you choose. They're also open 24 hours, and conveniently located next to a bar. The only downside to the place is it's ambiance. It's not a nice looking feeling place. It's a run down counter service shop with a few tables and chairs. It's a little on the trashy looking side, but the food's good, the service is friendly, and it's mostly a takeout kind of place anyways.
4	Luv there chicken tacos, as long as they don't fry them to long. My boyfriend luvs the carne asada burritos. We also tried the rolled tacos, they weren't to good reminded me a lot of the frozen taquitos you would buy at the store.
2	I thought this was the closest location to me, but it isn't! I only like the chicken tacos and green sauce, pretty good. Not tex mex though!
4	They always are friendly and patient with me...I'm the type of person who stands there for 5 mins saying hmm an ummm an shesh what should I get...plus I love the condiment station...I pack a ziploc full if those carrots and peppers oh so yummy for my tummy!!!plus they have great deals on mondays they have 1.99 breakfast burritos...Wednesdays they have 1.99 chicken tacos seriously I could eat here all week...then again my body wouldn't be happy with all the working out I would need to do...thank you Roberto's for feeding me such delicious food ^_-
5	I'm a noob to this place.  I had no idea it was a franchise until I looked at the back of the carryout menu because inside it kind of looks like a hole in the wall.   After seeing the words "Taco's 24 hours" in the window I thought, "I'm in the Southwest and this is a taco place, go now."  So I did. Beef taco and Chicken taco, 10 minute wait, tray table full of condiments from pickled hot peppers, carrots, green and red sauces.   The taco's?  Oh my sweet gracious underwear.  Never had any this good in Michigan.  The peppers were huge and the heat and flavor were balanced so nice.   I went back 2 more times while in this area.  Wednesday was 99 cent chicken taco day.  The other items were ok but tacos (especially the chicken) were where it was at.
5	So good! We have missed Roberto's...gotta get a shop in Chandler.
3	I've been to a bunch of Roberto's around town for some down-home, greasy somewhat authentic Mexican food.  This particular location is OK, but it is in a seedy little strip mall.  For those of you not in the know, it's in the same mall as the Big Lots.  It is hard to find, it's around one of the far corners of the mall, tucked in between a laundry cleaners and a PT's Pub.  Can be easy to miss.Came here late one night after a Yelp event because we were hungry and had the urge for some tacos for some reason.  This Roberto's is probably the closest one to our place since they closed the one that used to be on N. Rainbow Blvd.  The inside of this Roberto's is typical, same paint scheme (white), same menu, even the same layout as other Roberto's around town.  So it's nice and familiar.  Stayed with what we know should be good:-3 Rolled tacos with shredded cheese and guacamole-Carne asada burritoPlaced the order and proceeded to wait for our nibbles.  This is where the night almost takes a frightenly sickening turn.  Each Roberto's has their 'salsa bar', right?  So my wife sees this guy that placed his order before us...wait.  If you are the queasy type that gets sick easily you should skip reading the next paragraph and proceed on down.SO...my wife sees this guy that placed his order before us at the salsa bar.  He's making a few containers of red and green salsa to go.  He's also filling up little plastic bags with radishes, and pickled carrots with jalapenos.  Here's where it gets kinda gross.  This guy, he arranges the pickled carrots with jalapenos in his plastic bag, tears the stem off of one of the jalapenos, licks his FINGERS (yes, licks), then proceeds to throw the jalpeno stem back into the tray of pickled carrots and jalapenos on the salsa bar!  FRIGGIN' GROSS!  Seriously, and this guy thinks no one was watching him during this heinous act.  Luckily my wife was kind enough not to go into full panic mode right away.  She waited till this doofus left with his food to let me know.  I immediately picked up the entire tray of pickled carrots and jalapenos and brought it straight up to the counter to tell Roberto's staff what happened.  Hello...anybody remember the 'Firefly' fiasco??  Anyway, the staff we apologetic and went straight to throwing away that tray and making an entire new batch of pickled carrots and jalapenos in a new tray.  Salmonella averted!  Geez guy, next time eat at home and play with your own carrot.  Or jalapeno.You would think after what happened we would make a beeline to the door.  But no, we were too hungry so we waited.  Just didn't bother touching much of the salsa bar.  Glad we waited too.  Our fatty Mexican food was pretty much on point.  The rolled tacos were hot and crunchy, covered in a layer of bright orange cheddar cheese and a load of guacamole.  My carne asada burrito was nice and hot, with good cuts of steak, seasoned well and mixed with cheese.  No filler on this one.  Grease rules the coop here!I do enjoy most of the menu at Roberto's, from the chicken tacos, to the tortas.  Of course, they also serve lengua and cabeza!  That's Mexican speak for tongue and head, yo!  Oh God, I really (really) want to insert a tongue-head joke so bad right now...but I'm gonna resist.  Eat at Roberto's!
4	I'll have a three rolled beef with guacamole combo, cheese quesadilla with guac, some chicken tacos, and extra quac. Thank you. That is all.
4	FINALLY I found my Mexican joint in Las Vegas.  I knew I was on the right track when I walked in and every customer was speaking Spanish.The food is very authentic and they even have Tacos de Cabesa, they also have some of the BEST Carne Asada Fries I have ever had (not really a Mexican deal, but definitely California style).This is a little hole in the wall, but its not expensive the food is great and plentiful.  They have a condiment bar that has a couple choices of salsa, but lot's of homemade spicy carrots and such.
4	This place is great for a better taste of Mexican fast food. The three rolled tacos with guacamole are great. The salsa bar is wonderful with the marinated onions and carrots. My Mom and brother have had the dinner menu which are a great quality when you want dinner quality fast food. There is no drive through at this 24 hour location. Enjoy!
4	Small place with a walk up window to place your order and pay for your food. They have a small salsa bar with salsas and pickled veggies, cucumbers, limes, etc. Food is always fresh and delicious. Love the carnitas fries.
4	Fast, friendly, cheap, and greasy. The perfect Mexican restaurant!I also love 99 cent chicken taco days!
5	You have to of lived here to understand. I grew up on this. Epic and real no doubt about it!
4	I love Roberto's and this happens to be right by my house so I come here all the time. The food always comes out fast and they always get my order right.This location is old and the decor is dumpy ...but I don't go to Robertos for the ambiance.
