2	There are two listings here on Yelp.  However, if you check Winco's website the address they show is THIS one (Power Rd), not the Hampton address.  So I'm putting my review here.This building used to be Costco.  Costco moved about a mile down the road, and Winco moved in.  Winco reminds me of Food4Less.  Same basic layout, and I don't think Food4Less took credit cards either.  Plus you bagged yourself, just like Winco.The prices here are mostly reasonable.  You can do better in a regular grocery if you shop the sales, however.  For everyday prices these guys are a little lower, and I think at least some of that is the 5% (approximately) that they save by not accepting credit cards (VISA and those all charge a percentage of every transaction, which stores pass on to us).  Factor that in and this place probably isn't any better than Basha's or Fry's, and not as good as Costco.Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad store.  But I wouldn't make a special trip here unless they had some great sale or coupon (which they did for their grand opening).  They are more hype than anything really special.And, just to emphasize, they DON'T take credit cards.  Be aware of this, because they don't have it posted anywhere except at the registers.  By then you've already finished your shopping.  If it weren't for this I'd probably have granted three stars.
4	Great store with great prices.
2	Winco is a chain from the north that opened in AZ. After looking in the whole store I conclude that its just another Wal-Mart except at Wal-Mart they BAG YOUR Groceries!      Yes, you heard me right. You bag your own groceries. Thank gwad I didnt do heavy shopping.      Same prices, Less selection, Bag your own groceries, and meat department smelled like fish. Wont come back.
5	Saving on groceries for a large family is a job in itself. It's always about making sure the prices are good and the food, both tasty and nutritious. Before Winco, the grocery shopping consisted of Sprouts or the produce stand, Safeway, Fry's, and maybe Bashas. Now, it's all one stop and the grocery bill is lower than I ever expected. Instead of $60 here, $25 there, etc., I will spend $60 all in one place and be done with my grocery shopping for the week. Highly recommended.
2	Winco is Foodco but in Arizona. I've been to Foodco in California and was instantly reminded of why I only went a couple times. The first issue is there are only a couple stores, and of course I live at least 25 miles from any of them...so we took a chance and drove to do our bi-weekly shopping to save a few dollars...not worth it to me! Second issue is you have to get past some of the people that shop there...I was constantly feeling grossed out by the hickies on the girls necks...yuck! Also the selection is not so great and the prices weren't that incredible...a few things were cheaper by a few cents but other than that nothing to write home about. Yes you do have to bag your own groceries, a little annoying but not a deal breaker. Overall I wouldn't waste gas again to shop there again.
4	Having grown up and lived in California and Oregon, I am used to WINCO and very happy to have one relatively close to my home. Good prices, great produce and meats, and love the bulk foods section. It's often less expensive than Walmart and unlie Costco, you don't have to buy 100 units of whatever you need.
3	Great store with great prices. Their take and pizza is pretty bad though. We threw out most of it. The crust was just horrible.
