5	I love having this place practically on my doorstep! It gives the area a bit of a country village feel to it, going to the butchers for your meat and eggs instead of just getting it in the supermarket.As you'd expect, the quality is a million times better than the supermarket I always get bacon and eggs from here for a weekend fry-up, and the eggs are proper free range ones that are all slightly different colours and sizes. Unlike supermarket bacon, theirs doesn't shrink down to half the size it was before you cooked it, as it's not pumped full of water. They also do ready-made pies and pasties with a load of different fillings, if you can't be bothered to cook yourself.As you'd expect, it does cost a bit more than the supermarket. But the service is so friendly and the quality is so good that you really don't mind paying the etra.
4	This butchers is first class so as far as I'm concerned its just called the 'Butchers' and the 'First Class' part simply acts as an adjective.The best thing about this butchers is the value for money.  Not only are you sold superior goods, but at normal prices - why would you buy meat elsewhere?The main things to try are the sausages and pies.  Both are truly brilliant and well worth the pitiful amount of money you will have to pay for them.  I cannot recommend this shop more highly and it is well worth a visit.
5	First Class Butchers is a great shop where you can find high quality meat, sausages and pies.  I love the smell of butchers shops and this one certainly fulfils that criterion, giving it a homely feel.  The staff are friendly and knowledgable about where they source all their meat from and how it's prepared.  Their cuts of beef look excellent with thick slabs of fat surrounding the bright red meat.  Their steak pies which are all cooked according to their coveted recipe are also delicious and are perfect for warming you up on cold, winter nights.  Their prices are very reasonable and their range of produce is excellent, making First Class Butchers the place to go for all your meat.
5	First Class Butchers is an excellent butchers where you will find top quality sausages, pies, bacon, mince and various other meats. There's nothing more satisfying than chowing down on a square sliced sausage of a morn' with a fried tomato on the side. The square slice from here are the tastiest around and even though the price of the produce here is more expensive than the likes you'd find in your local Tesco or ASDA, it is true that you do get what you pay for as the meats here are a millions miles better. Plus, it's great to support local indepedent businesses as they offer so much more warmth and charm than a clinical supermarket.Whether it's a fry up, a steak pie for a Sunday dinner or just a lunchtime square slice, you can't get any better than the meats from here because as the name says, they really are first class!
