5	This is not quite Nakata Market of Japan or Japan Creek Market. This place is set up for fans of Japanese television and cinema to come and rent DVDs of current television shows which are impossible to find online.If you like Peko-Chan's Milkys, they got them here for less then the Tokyo Discount, and Japan Creek. I didn't want to leave the store without buying anything since I'm like f*cking rich and sh*t. So, I decided to buy this funny looking cat thing. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/japanese-specialties-las-vegas?userid=JM0GL6Dx4EuZ1mprLk5Gyg#YiFdngYNu-Bnz3aZjtVNRg  I support all independent Japanese businesses, so this place gets 5-stars no matter what. In fact, the only time an independent J-business gets a bad rating is when they go out of their way to piss me off(miko's).
5	This place is alright. The best way to describe it is by it has the things you need that Nakata of Japan, Japan Creek and Tokyo discount does not. Like the detailed things. Umm It has DVD'S AND VHS of old Japanese cinema and a tiny book cover of anime. On some of the DVD's I think those might be either old Japanese movies, or old soap operas from NHK. Like Pokemon and some other 90's cartoons. It has your average ice cream a few tea drinks two types of mochi. It has 3 types of rice I believe. What it does have are the Japanese soups that only Green Land carries I thought that was convenient because you don't have to drive all the way down pass downtown to just buy that.  It has a small selection of sauces, noodles snacks. It's mostly a  serves as a convenience store than nothing else. I think it's going to do fine there as long as it gets maybe a tiny more necessities for your average Japanese/enthusiast. I do believe it may need a little bit more on the condiment side. I have noticed that most stores towards this side of town don't carry such things. If the owner can gather such things, I believe she will be bucked solid in this location. But so far with the Dvd's and VHS this business can survive. It's been here for two years and 6 months. About the time I was gone from Las Vegas so it was a surprise to me. I have a feeling more and more small locations like these are going to be frequent through out the Las Vegas Valley.   Yeah I think your average day house hold items can help this place out a bit. I want to see more of these places pooping up.
1	Will not be back.  Owner not  very friendly. When we arrived there, about 20 minutes before closing, seemed like the owner was in a hurry.  With 15 minutes to go before closing, she started shutting off the lights.  Very limited selection.
4	We found out Japanese Specialties when we visited Fukumimi, as it was located next door.This place has more DVDs and VHS tapes, meaning, more geared to older Japanese clientele. But still, they have a nice set of food selections.We saw an old lady buying up rice bags in bulk - I asked the owner, and she told me that it was the year of new rice for Kokuho (IIRC), which is only available in a few months for the best quality, and those long-time fans buy them. The owner also added that we now have much better rice options but they still prefer it.It was a nice tidbit to learn, that is the Japanese-American culture and tradition. That added perspective of history definitely gave me a halo effect.
