4	My family and I have been going to the House of Leng since it opened a few years back. My parents usually eat there about once a week and never have any complaints. I have tried everything on the menu from the Chicken Lettuce Wraps to the Garlic Scallops. The Lo Mien is great and so is the Sesame Shrimp. I could name off quite a few delicious options but you should try it for yourself. I recommend going during lunch which is served until 3:00. This is an inexpensive way to sample what they have to offer and with each plate you get an egg roll and fried rice.
1	My family and I used to eat here all the time. It was our go-to place if we wanted Chinese food. We had been long standing happy customers until one evening we decided to order take-out. When I arrived to pick up our food, I was surprised to see that the food was ready and waiting (we only live 2.5 miles away).Not thinking much about it I paid for the food and went home. When we began to eat we were once again surprised that our food was cold, disgusting and wrong.At this point, no big deal as we have always had great food at this location. Here is where the biggest suprise of the evening occurs...My wife called back to management to let them know what had happened. We figured we would get an "I'm sorry" and replacement of our food. Not too much to ask. We were polite and understanding about the whole thing. The response we received was not even close. The guy started by saying that if we would not have waited a half-hour to pick up our food, it would have been fresh.  This was not the case and blew my mind as it my have taken 10 minutes at the latest. My wife goes on to mention that her chicken did not taste right. The manager then says that maybe they served her "duck". So, my wife asks for our food to be remade. The guy refused. My wife then asks for our money back and the guy tells her no, reiterating that is our fault we took so long to pick up the food.  On top of his refusals to make things right, the man is rude regarding the issue.  Looking back I believe we got someone elses food who failed to pick it up. That would explain the duck order vs. the chicken dish ordered.So, rather than wasting food which is money out of their pocket, they passed it on to what were loyal customers who they had seen many times eating at their establishment.  Then when we called to complain (at this time we were not upset or suspecting anything out of the norm) we were met with a less than a professional attitude.  Not good for business...Never again.  Try Asian Cafe in Kannapolis (near Target shopping center beside Buffalo Wild Wings). Great food, good pricing, nice atmosphere and very friendly staff.
3	I'm at a crossroad with this place. I really like House of Leng, but they also seem to lack consistency. At dinner time, sometimes the food is good, sometimes its so so. Lunch  though is the opposite. Lunch is always good from my experience. The chicken and string beans, great asparagus, always excellent. Today is no exception. But why is dinner so inconsistent?
5	I love house of leng! Best Chinese food that I have eaten. I blame my 35 extra pounds on HOL. Amazing food and excellent service. I would recommend the spicy chicken with eggplant, chicken wings, sesame chicken and generals gau's chicken. I miss house of leng!
3	Good lunch place... seems to get people in and out and can sometimes get pretty crowded if you don't get there at the right time.  I like the General Chicken, but usually get the spicy eggplant dish.Staff is usually friendly... depending on how busy it gets, but I can relate to being busy and trying to get through a lunch crowd.
3	Always a solid meal when I visit Charlotte. Lots of options and attentive staff.
3	2.5 starsThis is my sister's go-to resto for Chinese in Charlotte, and I can see why: House of Leng's serves tasty rice and lo mein dishes, as well as fantastically crispy and flavorful chicken wings, and it's next door to her favorite nail salon.  Whenever we get a mani/pedi, which we almost always do when I fly in for a visit, we usually do take-out at HoL before heading back to her home.I'd probably rate today's visit 3- or 3.5 stars had my take-out order not taken more than the eight minutes I was told it would take for the wings to cook, which the guy even apologized would be the reason I'd have to wait a bit, and had I received the shrimp lo mein entree (for Mom) I'd asked for, rather than the shrimp lo mein combo that Mom found after we'd already arrived home.  (Btw, the wait for the order was around 25 minutes.)Still, Mom and sis enjoyed the meal (the eggroll looked so delicious and had a very delectable-sounding crunch!), so three stars will do.  However, I wished I didn't have to suffer the blame for HoL staff getting the order wrong...
5	This place is top notch and food is as good as you can get. I haven't been disappointed yet, and at this rate I don't think I ever will be.
4	Its kind of hard to differentiate the generic strip mall "Chinese" restaurants these days, but this one was a step above.  Decor was nice, the service was quick, and the food was good.When I walked in I really liked the decor.  Tall ceilings, nice warm colors, and more of a restaurant feel than most places of this genre.As soon as I walked in the door a man who looked like he owned the place, walked right up to us promptly to ask us how many.  As soon as we were seated we were asked what drinks we wanted.  This was for lunch so they had no problem getting us in and out quickly.The food, AKA what really matters.  I had the general chicken, yes it was called general chicken, not general's or general tso's.  The sauce was a  little different than what I was thinking, but it was good.  There were some somewhat "real" Chinese dishes available, which I would like to try, but will save the for next time.  Most of the lunch dishes were either 5.79 or 6.99 and came with an eggroll/spring roll.All in all, nothing amazing, but definitely edible, especially if you work in the area.  I won't go out of my way to eat there, but will definitely pay them a visit again.
4	i tend to lean more for japanese food but if i do want something in this spectrum this is where i would go. Ive eaten here often and do enjoy there chicken fried rice as well as there lo meins and beef fried rice. My wife loves the orange chicken and no one ive ever taken here has not left happy. great place
2	I've dined at House of Leng numerous times, as it is conveniently located across from my office park. I am not an advocate of this place, as the food here is less than average. The quality is fair/average; however, the food is not pleasant or tasty. I really wanted to enjoy this place because of its convenience. I've eaten here about 5-6 times with co-workers and ordered different dishes each time. It's doubtful that I will return here unless attending a group luncheon.
4	I ate here constantly when I lived in the University area. They're a great break from your run-of-the-mill Chinese food. Much fresher and tastier.Decor is contemporary, prices aren't high, if you're there for dinner you'll always end up with leftovers and service is friendly and attentive. They'll even wrap your moo shu for you tableside, which is a show in and of itself.My personal favorites: chicken lettuce wraps (amazing), eggplant stir-fry, house lo mien, anything involving broccoli (but I love broccoli).  You can stay under $10 for lunch, dinner with an app will cost you a bit more, depending on what you're in the mood for.Take out can take a bit, but wait times aren't extraordinarily long.
4	I really don't ever eat Chinese food but we had a client lunch in the area so a co-worker and I decided to check this place out.  It was a casual/cafe type environment...it was clean, bright and packed with business professionals on their lunch hour.  Typically I picture take-out chinese to be rather grimy, dingy and where everything basically tastes like baked salt.  But, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and atmosphere especially since the prices were right!  You expect "high end" chinese to come in the form of a PF Changs but I'll tell you what...House of Leng was holding its own!!The service was good, friendly and the food came out fast (not always a positive but my expectations were realistic).  I ordered the broccoli and chicken meal, with steamed white rice and it came with a springroll.  Everything was very tasty.  I won't say the sodium wasn't alive and well but the overall dish had great flavor and it was a nice portion.  It was even presented nicely on the plate.  The broccoli was fresh and bright green and the rice was nicely stacked on the plate.  The brown sauce the chicken and broccoli came in was thicker than "normal" so it was a pretty rich flavor.  The springroll was pretty basic...fried cabbage more or less.  It didn't have any other vegetables in it so it didn't make or break my experience.Overall...I would say this place is a nice hidden gem.  It will certainly satisfy any chinese-food craving and exceed your expectations if you are not a typical "take-out" person.
1	I have eaten here twice.  The first time was good but the 2nd time was my LAST.  Last friday, on 3/2, I ate lunch here and suffered from food poisoning.  The pork fried rice ruined my entire evening.  It was CIAA weekend and I never used so many public restrooms before.  I had diarrhea the entire night.  I truly believe the pork was spoiled but they cooked it anyway and tried to cover up the rotten smell by flavoring the rice.  I plan to file a report to the health department.  Service was great and ambiance was decent too but the food was old.
4	Perfect for a lunch place... Especially since I worked at TIAA-CREF, this place is one of the favorites for everyone there trying to get a quick lunch and back to the office. I ordered an easy dish when I came here, sesame chicken with an eggroll as well as an appetizer of pork dumplings. (which are better in my opinion if you get them get it pan fried!)The waiter was very nice and helpful. (This also includes the whole staff!) Anyways, in short.. if you're craving for a quick chinese cuisine lunch, then this is the place to stop by!
5	MY ALL TIME FAVORITE CHINESE RESTAURANT!! I have been a huge fan since the first day I went years ago. I can't find another Chinese restaurant that compares. The food is always fresh and full of flavor. A nice variety as well. The inside has a nice dining atmosphere compared to a lot of Chinese restaurants. The staff/owners are very nice. I really couldn't say anything bad about House of Leng. A huge recommendation for anyone who loves Chinese food as much as I do!
4	Nice decor, great food and service.
3	Decent Chinese food. It as a good clean taste. Only thing is many of sauces on the dishes taste too similar.
2	Mediocre at best.   Eaten there 2x and was not impressed to say the least the food is bland and have left disappointed both times.
4	Always enjoy a visit to the House of Leng.  The sweet and sour shrimp is the best.  The quality of the food and service is consistent with each visit.Kids love the chicken with mixed veggies.
5	It is a great neighborhood take out or dine in. It is very clean, service is excellent, food is hot and fresh. The food prep timing is very, very fast and yet fresh. Large portions at reasonable price.Keep up the excellent work! I will definitely be back.
4	Best Chinese around
5	This is my favorite chinese joint! You can't go wrong with this place.
4	Ever since I moved to Charlotte from Chicago 2 years ago I've been looking for a good Chinese take out place.  Back home you could find one every couple of blocks and my absolute favorite is Wing Wah (Oh, how I miss you, cue the water works.)  I had tried a few places here and nothing came even close to my most cherished Wing Wah.  I'm used to fried rice being brown thanks to that yummy, salty soy sauce, not white like what I'd gotten here.  Fried rice should not be white!  After being let down so many times I just gave up on finding Chinese take out.  Then, one day I was informed of House of Leng.  I scoffed at the recommendation because my heart  nor my taste buds could take the potential disappointment.  However, one evening when the Chinese food craving bug kept biting me I decided to give House of Leng a try.  I ordered the Orange Chicken with fried rice.  Yes!  The rice was actually brown and tasty.  The chicken was okay just not my favorite.  Naturally I had mixed feelings but did at least have some place to go to if I just wanted fried rice.  A couple of days later my co-workers were going to House of Leng for lunch and invited me to go so I did.  Based on a recommendation, I ordered the Crispy Scallion Chicken with, you guessed it, fried rice.  Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  The chicken was delicious and went perfectly with the fried rice.  Portions were large yet I ate everything on my plate.  My co-workers all starred at me in shock because they are always teasing me about my picky eating habits.  Even better was that my meal was only $8 or $9.  Say What!?  I still miss Wing Wah, but the longing isn't as strong as it once was.  Finally, I've found my Chinese take out place in Charlotte!
5	I love this place.  I'd consider it more fusion than Asian.  But whatever the car the food is delicious.
4	Excellent food
2	I'm gonna keep this brief b/c I'm pissed at myself for even going - ah, it was my own laziness, so no one else to blame but myself.  I work across the street and wanted Chinese food.  So I stopped and got my usual take out order.  It's enough food to have probably 3 full meals.  It consists of:  steamed dumplings, garlic beef and Chinese donuts.  Here's where the laziness comes in, I usually get delivery from another place closer to my house, but I didn't want to wait...gut must have food NOW.  So I figured let's try House of Leng.  Firstly I believe I got gypped out of a egg roll.  Don't dinners always come with an egg roll?  2ndly, the price was about 5 bucks more than my usual place for LESS food.  Finally all of this being said I'd have been less pissed had the food actually been good.  but it wasn't.  Sigh...live and learn.  Next time the gut begs for Chinese food I'm just going to go with old faithful, even if it means I have to wait for delivery.
3	There is a lack of good Chinese food in north Charlotte; House of Leng is really the best option.  I'm torn on the rating, because the food has a lot of potential, just typically misses the mark by just a little.  Eggplant with Garlic Sauce and General's Tofu are my favorites.  I always ask for the tofu to be fried extra crispy.  Sometimes it's perfect and sometimes it's soggy.  The lack of consistency (or ability to get a special order correct) leaves me feeling less than thrilled, but the flavor is great.  If you're not as picky of an orderer as I, you will probably love it. The service is pretty fast and efficient.  The interior is not swanky, but feels much nicer than the average hole in the wall.  Overall, I will still keep patronizing HOL because the sauces are good and the location is convenient.  And every once in a while, they hit a home run.
2	Meh is right. Although this is probably the best of many poor options in North Charlotte, it's still not much to speak of. We ordered the Peking Duck which was overwhelmingly salty, and it came with tortillas instead of pancakes. Tortillas! I think they probably either ran out of the ingredients, or whoever made them was out that day since it took so long I think they ran to the store and bought them. Why turn down a perfectly good $30 order if you don;t have the ingredients? Just pile some slop on a plate and send it out. Any restaurant that would do that is not worth going to in my opinion.
2	I was a little disappointed when I ate at the House of Leng. I had a pretty large order that consist of a family of four and $60 worth of food. I felt bad because the family wanted to eat at another local Chinese restaurant and I insist on this place which I thought was going to be REALLY GOOD. I was wrong. I haven't been here in a couple of yrs. It was really good back then.I don't know if they changed management but I will not be returning back. I ordered the shrimp and broccoli w/ garlic sauce and brown rice. Is it me but how come when I ask a Chinese restaurant for brown rice they think I'm talking about fried rice. NO!!! The rice was kind of hard and stale. The shrimp and garlic sauce was a bit on the salty side. The rest of the food that the family ate was nothing to write about. You would think since it's conventionally located in a popular shopping plaza they would keep you coming back for more. Sorry house of Leng I'm no longer a fan. Where can I get some descent Chinese food in north Charlotte?
1	I JUST order take out f pod earlier. When I got to my job, realize that there's no silverware. I called back, and their response was " we give out silverware for dinner take out". Wow that was the first restaurant that I will never do business with again. Cheap ass business owner...
1	We had dinner here tonight and ordered the sesame chicken and chicken fried rice. I've eaten here in the past and it was nothing like it used to be! The rice was greasy. The sesame chicken was okay but nothing special. The service was terrible! I never got a refill on my drink and when I complained as I was leaving the manager said they were short staffed despite the fact there were only 3 tables in the restaurant and waiters rolling silverware! We never had the waiter come back after bringing the food.Between the mediocre food and bad service...I would find a better chinese restaurant!
5	This is now my new Chinese spot! Their wings! OMG I LOVE THEM! I DON'T EVEN EAT WINGS! They also have the best spring rolls in Charlotte! I'm sure whatever you order there will be delicious!
5	The food here is amazing and consistent. Love the noodles, chicken and seafood. We stop here every time we are in town.
