3	Forgettable. Humm...... Forgettable right away. Ok, that is better.
4	Delicious.  Great place for a sandwich, especially late.  Good alternative to Filiberto's or Amado's when you work overnight.  Quality sandwich.  A bit pricey, but no argument here.
4	Silermine is a chain, but has the feel of a mom and pop. They've created a laid back culture that's somehow worked its way in to every location I've visited. And by "laid back," I don't mean the employees are lazy or slow. I highly recommend the Cripple Creek and Homesteak.
1	I ordered my sub to be delivered at 12:15 for lunch came an hour early and cold.  If they can't read or follow simple instructions that are set in place as options to chose its not worth it.  Many better places to order subs from.
5	Really great service everytime! Subs are delicious and served quickly!
5	Love this place! They have fresh meat even though I don't eat meat but this place good. I love that they have soo many topping and can make their wraps and sandwichs vegan upon request. This place is very clean and friendly. They are open till 3 am and deliver. They also have the option of ordering online for pick up or deliveery.
5	Where to begin? These guys are open till 3am and they deliver... Their sandwiches are really tasty! Oh ... and every time I go in to the shop they're playing awesome music ...last time it was Pantera.
1	Had delivery through grubhub by far worst delivery good I have had got their version of the French dip the core de lane well the need was cold should be hot no au jus and the meat was burnt very poor experience especially delivery time was an hour
4	I have just added another sub place to my list of favorite sub places. I went here for the first time last night after discovering it even existed the other day. I came in after 7pm, I was goofing off, and there was only one other customer there and the one employee was making his sandwich. That gave me a chance to look over the menu. Now for me my acid test for a sub place is an Italian sub. Turkey is pretty easy and so is ham or roast beef etc. But you can mess up an Italian sub. For an example of a bad Italian sub see the place a few doors down from here but that is another review.They have 3 sizes like most places. 5, 8 and 11 inch. Funny that it isn't 12 but hats off to them for admitting it is only 11 instead of trying to pass it off as 12. After a few minutes the other customers sandwich was made so it was my turn. "What can I do for you boss?" Ut oh a "boss" guy. Some people have a pet peeve about this I could care less. I went for the large 11 inch sub, figured it is dinner time let's go for it, and a large drink. Besides asking for it on wheat bread, a taste thing I'm not fooling myself into thinking that that makes it healthy somehow, I had it just the way it comes nothing special or extra. I like to see how they do it. Now they don't slice it up right in front of you and you can't really see them make it but he did have to put it together so you know it is not all pre made to where they just slap it in the roll and it is done. Only took a minute or so and it was ready to go. One minor thing, no pun intended, he did forget to give me the cup for my soda but I reminded him, he apologized and handed me a cup right away. No big deal.I took the sandwich home and that thing was good from bite one. Packed with meat and toppings. Great flavor. I will say from now on I will stick with the medium the large was just too much for me. Which is a good thing.I know it is a chain and not local but they are a small chain. They are only in five states with most of the locations here and in Colorado. I will definitely be back and work my way through the rest of the menu. Sure they aren't $5 foot longs but it is very much worth the small extra cost. Plus they deliver and are open until 3am. So they have you covered for those late night drunken cravings. Future visits could bump it up to 5 stars. Serving Coke Zero on the fountain could help that.On a side note, I know it has nothing to do with this place but it needs mentioning, there is a Mexican place next door to this place. Don't go there. Their food is horrible. See my other review of that place. I love mom and pop place and Mexican food but his place is horrible.
5	Love these guys! Great food, great service, and open till 3 am! LOVE THIS!
4	Friendly staff. Quick service. Good prices. Stay clear of of the French Dip. Lots of dry meat and couldn't taste the cheese. The Au Jus is wonderful. I would go again and try something different!!
4	I've been here a few times in the past but when I went there today it looks like everything is cleared out and they went out of business. Very disappointing.
