4	I started going here to get my haircut in 2006.  I wanted to go where I didn't have a drive a great distance for a nice haircut and I found Studio 3-26 in Mesa.  I can walk there if I want to and actually have.  All of the stylist are nice.  I usually see Camilla when I can.  Tonight I saw Stephanie and she did a really nice job.  All of them will listen to your needs and work with you on what you want to do with your hair.  They also have nail services and for that I see Kathy.  She's awesome and doesn't charge me what I was charged before to get my nails done.  If you are looking a a new place in Mesa to get your hair done try out Studio 3-26, I don't think you will be disappointed.
1	I'd like to give this place 4 stars for a great hair cut! They really do a great job for an even better price. I'm basing this review off a colour job that is just bad. It's taken me a while to decide to leave the review. I really, really love this place for cuts so I wanted to love it for colour too but that was not the case. $120 later and it doesn't even look like my hair has been highlighted. Please refer to the pictures I took the day after my hair "done". I would definitely not go for a colour. I'm not sure what else to say other than I wish I would have gone somewhere else so it actually looks like I got my hair done!
5	I've been going to Studio 3-26 for several years - I only get a simple cut, so I don't really know about the other services, but I've been very pleased with both the cut and the friendliness of the service.
5	I adore Studio 3-26!! Peter is the owner and he has been my stylist for 11 years. He knows my hair (platinum blonde) and Peter is the first to recommend changes to my hair in order to make it healthier. Edgy and modern is the motto of his stylists. They are current on hair trends and colors. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else since Studio 3-26 own my hair and heart.
5	Studio 3-26 is legit!  I get my haircut by Luis and haven't been disappointed once!  I was nervous, just having moved to Phx to try someone new, but Peter, the owner, recommended him and he lived up to his billing!Every stylist there is talented and friendly....you can tell they all enjoy what they do and where they're at.  Peter has done an awesome job at finding the right group of stylists that genuinely care about the quality of their work.Highly, highly recommend.  Any guy looking for a good cut, go see Luis!
5	Karen and Luis are phenomenal stylist there I highly recommend them both.
5	I adore Studio 3-26!! Peter is the owner and he has been my stylist for 11 years. He knows my hair (platinum blonde) and Peter is the first to recommend changes to my hair in order to make it healthier. Edgy and modern is the motto of his stylists. They are current on hair trends and colors. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else since Studio 3-26 own my hair and heart.
5	I love this salon. Byron is THE BEST. He does an amazing job with my hair coloring every time, and it's affordable! The people who work here are polite. There is zero sales push on products, and no snobbish atmosphere.
5	I really think the reviews you give at salons really depend on the person who did your hair.  I've gone to many different salons all over phoenix, scottsdale, glendale, and more.  This place is 30 miles from my home and I would drive here to have my hair relaxed.Considering the amount of times I've been there it angers me I can never remember my stylist name.  When she does it, it's perfect, an amazing job and I've never seen it straighter and more perfect.  However one time she was doing my hair, she took off for a quick second and someone else decided to get involved with my stylist creative process and put the relaxer further down my hair instead of just on the roots like my stylist had done.  I'm no professional but the moment this person did it and my stylist came back I told her what happen and she was quick to try and get the damage out.  Unfortunately it created a little damage and I ended up having to cut off inches of my hair a couple months later because they were so fried.I remind you, my stylist I see is an amazing person and I love her so much. I'd never trust anyone else on the planet to relax my hair accept for her.  But unfortunately I stopped having relaxers done, chopped off all my hair and let it finish growing out to it's natural state.But as I sit and think about going back to a relaxer, I know exactly where I'll be going if I decide to do it again.
4	My normal stylist switched salons and works a bit farther away so I came here based on the recommendation of one of my friends.  I'm glad I did!  I got a hair cut from Rachel today and everything went great.  She did a wonderful job chopping off inches of damaged hair and even gave some helpful recommendations on a style.  She never tried to push any products and was very easy to talk to.  Even though the place was packed, she took her time to make sure I was happy about my haircut.  She styled it nicely even though I just had boring errands to run afterwards.  I felt fabulous toting my bottled water around Costco, walking around Fry's with my sunblock, and sipping a mocha cookie crumble frapp at Starbucks with my pinky up.  Since I'm off to a pool party tomorrow, I opted to not dye my hair today but I definitely know where to go when I get around to do so!  You've won me over, Studio 3-26.  I'll be back.  :)
5	First off I can't even explain how hard it Is for me to find a hair salon/stylist that I trust! Since I moved to AZ and left my stylist back In WA over two years ago, it has been hard for me to find a salon or stylist that I even like, I have even tried a few different places. Maybe I am picky, or maybe I just know what I am looking for in a quality hair salon, which is customer care and people who know what they are doing!! But, finally my search is over! I have now been to Studio 3-26 a handful of times, and each time I left with a big grin on my face. I have been helped by Valeria, who dyed my hair reddish, and Brook, who has dyed my hair blond. Wow, two stylist I trust? That is a big step for me! I can walk in to this salon with no idea on what I want exactly and both stylists are able to paint me a master piece, literally since they paint my hair. But not only do I leave with beautiful yummy smelling hair, but new knowledge about how to take care of my hair etc. I am so happy I found a salon and TWO stylist that I trust my hair with!!!! Thank you Brook and Valeria and team members at Studio 3-26. Also thank you Brook for all the knowledge, I definitely will wash my hair with COLD water. See ya in 4 months for another touch up after my trip!
