4	Crooning gay men and their friends tear it up at this joint, which is regularly recognized by the media - (both straight and gay) as the best karaoke bar in the Valley.I have been coming here a while ever since I used to hop the fence from my old apartment complex a few blocks away.  I can tell you that this place can't be beat in the fun for value dept.  I mean where else can you get $4 Absolut and tonics - plus free (oftentimes campy and klassy) entertainment.  The crowd, the singing skills and the singing tastes here run the gamut, and that's part of the appeal.  The crowd is mostly gay men in their 30s and 40s, but goes older and younger.  Lesbians also hold court here as well.  I mean, who else will do the honors to sing Pat Benatar and Melissa Etheridge?  Many gay men will bring their straight girlfriends, most likely so they will have someone to sing the Grease duet with.  And believe it or not, a handful of straight men will be dragged here.  But not to fear.  The crowd is very friendly and welcoming and the bartenders and owners take care of the people here.As for what kind of music to expect, some people are completely hammered and singing in public for the very first time, while others are serious and more seasoned - some with classical training via the Phoenix Men's Choir.    And a few of these guys would make American Idol drool with desire. The song list is large and respectable (but think George and Dragon has a better list - see my review...).  The songs run the spectrum from Liza Minelli Cabaret, to Tim McGraw, to hip-hop rap, to 80s alt rock, to U2, AC/DC, Elton John, Stevie Wonder, and Frank Sinatra.This place is totally small and divey -and a bit weathered looking when you speed past it on 7th St.  Useless trivia alert.  For any Phoenix architectural history buffs out there, this bar is identical to Chez Nous (without the booths, and not as DARK) as both buildings were built by the same man. Karaoke runs from Thursday night through Saturday night.  And they have other themed evenings throughout the week incl. (I am not making this up) the Greek God Revue stripper show hosted by catty drag queens on Sunday night.
4	Lounge? Squeeze me. Let's just call it what it is here homos. A bar. Apollo's Bar. And that's not a bad thing (said in true Seinfeldian manner). In fact it's a good thing (he says with a Martha Stewart smirk). Sometimes a place like Apollo's is just the ticket. A neighborhood bar, slim on attitude and big on friendliness and strong drinks. A loyal following of Karaokers, jocks with a sprinkle of cowboys makes Apollo's a great place to relax and be yourself. The ambience, in true gay bar fashion, is photos of shirtless hunks, beer signs and lots of regulars. Lounge? Heck no! That's for sissies who need a Copenhagen sofa and an IKEA coffee table to drink their overpriced martinis. Come to Apollo's where it's real. Real people. Real drinks. Real cheap. Really!
4	Went last night for karaoke with Flamin' Steve and Jenni from work.  What a blast!  It's a gay bar, but there were a bunch of us "straighties" there, too.Great selection of songs!  The guy who runs it has been running karaoke there for 15 years!  It's nicely decorated.  I guess it used to be a real dive.  The "goddesses'" room was clean.  No water on the floor here!  I gotta say, though, that gay men sing the slooooooooooooowest songs!  If it weren't for my Danzig, AC/DC and Right Said Fred renditions, I would have fallen asleep!The staff is awesome!  Everyone in the crowd was really friendly and I will definitely go back!
4	Here's a place to go where everybody knows your name, and most of the patrons happen to be gay. I love coming here with My Gays and just hanging out and having some drinks at a neighborhood bar! The crowd is SUPA MIXED. I mean, where else can you go where you can have a hardened biker boy compliment you on your nail polish choice?! It's awesome! I've also been threatened with the stealing of my shoes, as well as asked where one can buy my lipstick (drag queen). The bartenders are courteous and super funny! My fave bartender is Michael. He's a cutie, and is a great pour! So, whether you're in shorts and a t-shirt, or dressed to the nines, stop in, you'll find a corner to fit into!
1	I went here once for a drag king Contest. All the women were very over weight and not very entertaining. The bar itself is the size of a shack and it is definetly for an older male crowd.If you are a lesbian between the ages of 21-35 this is not your spot
4	I'm giving Apollo's four stars because it has a lot of things I look for in a bar. It's clean and well-maintained (including the "Goddesses" restroom). It also has friendly staff, a diverse group of patrons, a great outdoor patio (featuring appropriately-themed "Roman" columns), and perhaps, most importantly, features karaoke on Thursday - Saturday nights. My husband and I went on a Friday night for karaoke with Stevey P and Kristin S and their SOs and had a great time. The singers' talent is definitely better than your average karaoke dive bar, and the song choice was good, but as an avid karaoke singer, I didn't like the fact that there was no separate stage or area carved out for the current singer to stand. We just had to stand by our chairs or between tables and strain our necks to look up at the lyrics. Karaoke also wasn't the central focus of the place, with much *very loud* talking and socializing going on in spite of (or because of?) the singing. I'm not going to penalize Apollo's for this too much, though, because I know only serious karaoke freaks like me want it to be the focus.  One other complaint - some of us in the group were also a little disappointed with our weak our drinks were - I don't know if this was just crowd control, but with a final tab of $70 or so, we expected to be feeling a little more loopy than we did for most of the night. Speaking of feeling loopy, we were appreciative of how helpful the bartenders were when we wanted to call a cab, and one came fairly quickly after they called one for us. Apparently, the company that does karaoke here is the same as the one that does it at Kobalt (another gay bar in Midtown's Park Central complex). If you are into a social and dynamic bar scene with a pretty diverse crowd and karaoke as part of the experience, you will really like Apollo. However, if you ever want to go somewhere a little more low-key and really focus on the karaoke part, you might want to check Kobalt out.
4	I spilled my drink all over my significant other and the table and the others in my party (Christine, Kristin, etc.) spilled their kamikaze shots all over the tables and karaoke books and I still did not get kicked out (or dumped by said S.O.).  Score.But the reason I am updating is because the bar owners (Ron and Lee) asked me to update since "we're not divey anymore..."  and they aren't. Classroom carpet gave way to faux-finish wood floors, new plasma screens replaced the old TVs, old furnishings gave way to new tables and barstools with wrought iron backs (but the OG swivel naugahyde chairs still lurk at the bar, thanks guys). My original review was almost a year and a half ago before their interior remodel and new outdoor patio (as a response to the 2006 smoking in bars ban).
3	Went with a few friends for a birthday gathering of a co-worker.  I hadn't been to Apollos in years and wasn't really looking forward to it since the last time I was there it was a bunch of old guys, but I have to say it wasn't a bad experience.  The place has definitely changed.  It's WAY too bright in there, but the crowd was mixed old vs. younger (although not young) and the bartenders were pleasant.  One bartender was a little overboard talking bad about other bars, which kind of turns me off, but still friendly overall.  It won't be my 'hangout,' but it was fun for the night as long as you're with a group you know.
4	We went to Apollo's Saturday night with a group that included Kristin S., Christine O., and their significant others. Apparently on the weekends there is karaoke, and let me tell you, this is not your average karaoke experience! I mean, karaoke where 3/4 of the people that sing actually have decent to really good voices?? Geez, where are the horrible screeching renditions of "Total Eclipse of the Heart" or "Fergalicious"??? Oh wait...that's right my husband was there and sang the latter...and he was awful, but in a funny way. If you do go to participate in karaoke, there are plenty of TV screens with the words. I really liked that a few TVs were reserved to show football and Sportscenter!Apollo's itself is a moderately sized establishment with an outdoor patio. I only saw the ladies bathroom, cleverly marked with a "Goddesses" sign, but it was tiny; however, there was never a line as most of the crowd was of the male persuasion. My husband and I had beer, so I can't comment on the prices for mixed drinks or shots, but beer was cheaper than most places I have been to in the Valley. Bud light drafts were $2.75 and Fat Tire drafts were $3. Since I was the designated driver that evening, I switched to soda halfway through the night, which was $2 and included free refills. The bartenders were extremely friendly and very prompt in service. There is also a waiter that floats throughout the space if you don't want to go up to the bar.The crowd ebbed and flowed throughout the evening, but it never got so full of people where I was getting knocked into or where it was impossible to move. All and all, a very laid back place where you can just hang out, chat, and enjoy singing along with "Sweet Caroline".
3	The crowd at Apollo's always seems to be pretty diverse. I stopped by for my second or third time with a friend on a Saturday night and virtually every age/race group seemed to be represented. Apollo's is charming in the sense that it completely lacks the pretentiousness of some of the more hip bars in Scottsdale or Phoenix. It was karaoke night, which is always a great idea, and some dude was singing Creed (weird right?) But drinks were nice and stiff,  and even if Apollo's isn't on my weekly hangout list, I definitely like the overall vibe here. I think it's also one of the oldest gay bars in Phoenix.
2	Ahhh... Apollos.... The little gay bay down the street... Apollos has evolved over the years... I've had some good times here... and now that their makeover is almost complete ( bathrooms to be renovated soon I understand...SOON I hope! ).. I might be going back more often. The surly bartenders have long been replaced and a huge patio constructed... although I no longer smoke, its an enjoyable area. Although its not my first choice of bars, I stop by from time to time to enjoy a "well made" (read: strong) cocktail, and catch up with buds. The best nights (my opinion) are Karaoke nites, when the place normally packs with a very diverse crowd. Aside from my issues with the men's bathroom... (only the padlocks were worse) and the overly bright lighting, this bar is getting better! After chatting with the owner ...Its great to know that they are "in touch" with their patrons and will quickly address any issues! I'm really looking forward to the completion of the renovations!
4	Went here last night, cheap drinks, friendly staff.. will return!
3	We headed over to Apollo's last Friday night to possibly drink enough to sing some Karaoke. I started off the night saying that I absolutely would not be singing, and that I was just going to make fun of those who were.Well....flash forward a few hours and Meredith Brooks' "Bitch" was coming out of my mouth. I blame the strong drinks and great service at Apollo's. The crowd was great, and I would definitely go back. The patio is also a great addition, since many of my companions were smokers and could take their drinks outside with them.
2	I'm not really a fan.  The place seems awfully crowded and it is hard to navigate.  What is worse, though, is to charge me $6 for a Red Bull with no liquor.  Bunkhouse usually charges me $2.  The back patio is small and skinny, whereas the usual clientele is not.  It is what it is.
5	This one time, at Apollos, some gay dudes asked my friend and I if we were real women. I knew I should have waxed my mustache before going out that night! But never mind that snafu- I always feel like a diva here!The girls and I have been to Apollos a handful of times for karaoke and I'm always a drunken mess every time I leave there. Well I certainly can't handle my liquor but the drinks are poured well here. They have cheap cheap drinks and the first  time I was there, I think the Pink Panther martinis did it for me. They were only $4 too!Great place to gather a bunch of friends for karaoke. Yes its a gay bar but the coolest one. I've always met great guys there. They are never interested in me but they are always so nice and willing to sing a duet with me. The karaoke host is always fun, not a mic hog like some places. My only complaint is that my gay friends like to sing lots of show tunes. BORING! There are definitely some great performers here and but most are here to have a good time so don't feel like you need to belt like Whitney Houston to come here. My favorite things about Apollos are:1) free fresh popcorn! best thing to munch on after you've had a lot to drink2) the ladies room never has a line because its mainly gay dudes that frequent this placeI love Apollos!
4	Much better experiences than what I experienced in my initial review.  The prices are now more in line with that other bars are like in Phoenix, and the owners are very supportive of the community, which should count for something.  I may have been in a cranky mood when I posted my initial review.  Nice patio with good seating and shade.
3	If you're going to go to Apollos for karaoke, you should probably start practicing your fake "I'm slitting my writs" routine now.  You're going to need it.  Think less hip-hop and more along the lines of show tunes, old ballads, and shit that was around before I was born.  Don't get me wrong though.  I dig it.  Free popcorn. Free condoms. And pours strong enough to get your date to put out. And I'm guessing a lot of putting out has gone on there because the men's bathroom door has been permanently propped open!
4	Always a great place!  Owners are really nice and the service is great!  I stop by time to time and it always feels like you never left!  Added bonus.. people remember your name!  I love that!
3	Pretty diverse group of people.  Drink specials were really affordable and non-special drinks were affordable too.I went on a karaoke evening and it was a drunk mess....which is great.  Not my #1 choice of gay bar in Phoenix, but on the list.
3	As a breeder this is my favorite gay bar. The bartenders are hilarious, the drinks are cheap, the walls are salmon, and the scene is usually a mix of gay men and pretty girls. Win. I like to sing karaoke and this is a place where I can sing Prince in a mostly awful falsetto and still get cheered.
4	Apollo's is like a neighborhood gay bar.  It's small and has a patio for smoking.  the parking lot is bigger than the bar...lol.Come on Mondays from Drag bingo.  That's right, it's bingo hosted by a drag queen.  The game itself is naughty with perverted bingo games and adult prizes for winning.Mondays are also two for one, so see Hannah behind the bar and she'll take care of you.Also, Apollo's is fun on Sundays for their various drag shows and strippers afterwards.
5	Wonderful neighborhood feeling. The bartender Nikki is the BEST hands down. Very attentive and personable bartender, not phony like a lot of Valley bartenders. Nikki keep it up girl!
1	Never again. A few years back I was treated with horrible service. We approached the owner about it and he treated us like crap too. Boycotted this bar for 2 years and tried it again. once again they prove to be a-holes. There are plenty of Friendly bars that will appreciate the business.
5	Love this bar!! Cheap strong drinks, very friendly staff and its CLEAN!! The patio is awesome and full of great conversation!!
5	When I'm feeling low and looking for a great atmosphere to cheer me this is where I go! Great drinks and the staff is so very nice. Throw a little karaoke in for fun and this is most definetly the place to be.
1	Very upset at this place,  I'm outside in the beer garden having a cigarette when the owner came up to me and said that I smell pot on my person. I told him that I was a medical patient and that I medicated before I got to the bar.  He told me not to smoke in the parking lot.  I told him I haven't,  that I know the laws. Then he accused me of smoking in the parking lot.  I really feel discriminated here and I will not come back.  Even when u respect their rules, they feel they can just discriminate u and call u out in front of everyone. Definitely will not be coming back
4	i heard from my friend that this place is awesome to hang out and they have a good beer and they make good drinks as well,will me and my others friend tried last night and went there to see the drag queen show and we have a blast!that really make our weekend worth!
1	Apollo's was a fun experience, until I checked my bank account and find the erroneously overcharged me over $35.00. When I called they tried to tell me it was a debit "hold" for tip. It was not. This was a week later and the charge went through. They said they would have someone call me back. They did not. I got the run around and they gave themselves a very generous tip at my expense. Have fun, but check your bank account, they don't play by the rules.
4	Fun!!!
