4	Levant just opened in the uptown Mint Museum building. In the side of the building, actually, directly across from the Knight Theater's massive outdoor screen. It's owned by the same folks that own and run Kabob Grill. I've only been once, and it was for take-out, but it was delicious. Everyone was really eager to help. My wrap was hot and fresh. And when I brought it back to the office, it smelled so good that people from all over the office came by to see check things out. I ordered the Kafta wrap. The hummus tasted really fresh, and the beef was tender and flavorful. The fries were nice, too. Crispy on the outside and seasoned just right. I'll definitely try it again, next time for eat-in. This end of downtown Charlotte has really become energized with all sorts of new places to eat. I wish them plenty of success.
5	Disclaimer: My introduction to Mediterranean cuisine was in the largely Muslim community of Deafield when I use to live in Michigan. So in terms of taste, I would give Levant 4 stars . . . but the fantastic service and beautiful furniture earned it the 5th star. I love the chicken kabob . . . and anything lamb will not disappoint. The lentil soup is good -- it is completely  pureed. I actually prefer chunks of lentil in my soup. Oh, there's also belly dancing on Saturdays! Not the audience . . . just the paid professional :)
4	I got to say this place is really good and the service was great. Started off with the humus and it was delicious. Only complaint the "bread" that comes out is supposed to be warm, but they cut it ahead of time and put it in bags and must put it in the fridge. The lamb shwarma is awesome, the lamb tastes great and so does all the fixins thats inside it. I never get a veggie dish but I did here and boy was it good. I got the falafal, cubed potatoes, this parsley cucumber tomato side, and grape leaves stuffed with rice and something else. I cleaned my plate and im a meat eater. Definitely will be back.
5	I came here for lunch.  Food was awesome- we ordered a lamb shwarma and a rocket shwarma, both super tasty.  Service was great - super FAST!  Perfect for lunch.  Heard they might start up hookah in the summer, which would be a great addition.  Def will come again.
5	This a review for the vegetarian bunch.  This place was fabulous.  We both had the vegetarian entree which was a combo place of many of their sides.  Not only was the food good but the waitstaff was excellent and helpful.  It was shame to see them not busy on a Friday night, but can only claim a low profile location for the reason. Go here before it becomes crowded!!
5	While living in London I had developed a serious love for the Turkish/Middle Eastern cuisine that was so prevalent in the city.  Sadly, upon moving back to the Charlotte area my taste buds were devastated by lack of restaurants offering what I was craving. I had seen Levant while walking past it a week or so before it opened, and finally decided to visit during lunch the other day... it was fantastic. I went for my favorite kind of kebab, the kafta, and it was perfect. Perfectly cooked; tender and deliciously seasoned. The sides were great as well, and it was more food than I could handle for lunch.  The only complaint I could make was that the pita bread they brought to the table was served cold. I had seen someone else make the same complaint prior to going, and it certainly would have been nice to have warm slices of pita help shovel the wonderful food into my mouth, but it definitely didn't ruin the meal.I usually never bother to write up a review for restaurants, regardless of how much I love or hate them, but this place was great and I'd love to see them stick around for a long time.  The decor and the service were really nice as well.  The waitress was pleasant and prompt with our order, and the entire place was well decorated with Middle Eastern/Islamic style furniture and art pieces. It was busier than I had expected for lunch time (no wait though), but I'd love to see the place packed out so they don't close up shop early like some new places have a tendency to do. All I'm trying to say here is... this place is pretty f**king awesome. Check it out, I promise you won't be disappointed.
4	I was mad at myself that I had not heard of this place until today. Aparently it's been open since November. This beautiful looking middel eastern slightly upscale atmosphere restraunt made my day! I had the Kafte Wrap with a side of potatoes dressed in Olive Oil, Lemon juice, cilantro and other spices. The wrap was delicious, the meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the tahini sauce dressing the lettuce and tomatoe inside.. just perfect. The only complian I have is that the Pita was not warm, but the taste of the other ingredients is very satisfying. The decour gets a lot of points! They have paid a lot of attetion to detail and the tables, the cahirs, the bar, the curtains.. eveything is very traditional and yet ecelectic and very good quality. The location is nice and I can't wait to go back for Dinner. The owner knows what he's doing and how to make you feel comfortable at your first visit. All in all I am glad this place opened up in uptown. I can see myself going there for lunch during the work week when I crave for good food. I am being told that they will have hooka's (sheesha) very soon and tables outside by the patio. I can't wait for the weather to change and hang out at this place on Friday evenings!
2	I haven't been here for lunch yet which I heard is great.  Dinner last week tho was disappointing mostly on a price-to-value ratio.  When we got there the place was empty except for one table which is not a good sign for any restaurant on a Thursday night.  I thought it may have something to do with the weather and the fact that they are open next to the hoppin E2.The furniture in Levant is stunning and church-like.  You definitely feel an old-world culture when you walk in.The hummus was fantastic - served with pickled veggies, fresh warm pita, olives and olive oil.  Very good.They were out of my dinner choice (lamb - how could a Mediterranean joint be out of lamb?!?!?!) but didn't tell me until we were pretty much done with the appetizer.  Not a big deal - I substituted it with a recommendation from the waitress of meatball something.  Well the word meatball may be lost in translation - it should be a ball of meat.  What I got after waiting an exceptionally long time was meat logs.  Maybe I misheard her and it was supposed to 'meatlogs' with potatoes.  Anyways my meatlogs were a bit gross to look at - picture a dark log of meat, not appetizing to imagine putting in your mouth to say the least.  But i am not a prude and quickly sliced and diced so it lost its shape.  The meat was execeptionally dry as if made earlier in the day and just reheated.  It had little flavor and being the American sauce-addict I am, I asked for tzatziki sauce to help with mouth-puckering dryness. The potatoes were good - sliced and gently seasoned with a vinegar flavor.  They were fine.  The platter also came with a couple more pickled veggies and a bit of salad.  So why was this platter $19 bucks???  This is more like a ten dollar meal - overpriced and lacking anything remarkable.  We should have just popped in for the hummus.  I will try the spot for lunch and hopefully they will have newed their lamb supply by then.  Not returning for dinner again tho since this experience was an over-priced bummer.
5	My New Favorite! !! !!!  I've been looking forward to it since I found out it was owned by the Kabob Grille Brothers.  Levant has a fantastic look!  If you can see, look at my photos of the interior of this place.  Though I have never been off this continent I imagine this is a Turkish decor!?  Beautiful!  The Black Napkins (or Dark Yellow) are a nice touch and great for those of us fond of black clothing and not fond of white lint from white napkins!My dinner was a Kabob platter with Mihammara (kind of like hummus except made with ground walnuts, toasted pita bread, olive oil and spices), Tabbouleh, Pickled Vegetables, and a side of Potato Harra!  Everything had a a GREAT Flavor! The Beef Kabobs were not as tender as I was expecting, though still had great flavor! The Food was Beautiful!  Great Presentation!  Very colorful!For Dessert I had: a Triple Chocolate Bombe I think it was called Profiteroles (I'm betting Italian!?) it was something like Almond? Ice Cream surrounded by Chocolate Ice Cream, covered in a Chocolate shell, topped with Chocolate Powder and Chocolate syrup and Whipped cream.  I threw the Whipped Cream into my Turkish Coffee though I do NOT recommend doing that!  Turkish Coffee only needs Sugar and maybe a cookie!The music was Fantastic, sounded like Turkish dance club music and some mellow tunes from the Mediterranean!The restaurant is down Levine Avenue of the Arts (probably not on your GPS - I'm guessing, so let me know if it is) between the Mint Museum and the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art and right across the street from the Knight Theater. Without mentioning it is right beside that "celeb chefs" place.  Second entrance (it looked like one) in the Alley between the Mint Museum and the Duke Energy Building!
5	Middle Eastern food is easily my favorite food group (it's on the bottom of my pyramid) and I had quite an inkling I would love this restaurant before I even stepped foot into it.  Let me just tell you there were all sorts of expletives being shouted throughout this meal, because it was that D*mn good. Run by the owners of Kabob, I knew I had to try their grape leaves which are the best I have had in Charlotte.  A new to me dish I fell in love with is Muhammara, which I want to bathe in daily.  A hummus-like combination of roasted red peppers, walnuts, spices, and molasses.  It is smoky and sweet.  Great for dipping!  I don't recall the name, but the dish with white beans and olive oil was outstanding as well.  The meat skewers were cooked perfectly and tasted great dipped in our variety of spreads.Levant's menu is nearly identical to Kabob's, though just a bit more gussied up.  The atmosphere is absolutely gorgeous.  I felt so exotic and like a hookah smoking caterpillar just might be lurking around the corner.  We enjoyed a bottle of Hawk's Crest (made by Stag's Leap) Cabernet that went very well with our meals.  I can't recommend this restaurant enough.  Go get your Levant on.
3	Were but a dining experience primarily made up of its environment, Levant would surely warrant five stars.  However, the price to value ratio (especially compared to its less formal sister restaurants) and lack of menu originality leaves me wanting.Nestled across from the Knight Theater along the Avenue of the Arts, Levant's interior space is small but quite luxurious.  Finely carved wooden chairs with inlaid mother of pearl, ornate wall sconces and chandeliers that evoke thoughts of the Middle East, and ancient mirrors all set against an impeccably stark, modern white background make for quite a visual feast for the eyes.  There is no bar menu currently, though a full range of spirits is available.  There is, however, a separate menu for wine and beer.  Wine selection is small but at least makes a worthy appeal to most palates.  The beer menu, though, was far more interesting in its selection of European beers.  Turkish Efes is hard to find locally but was offered here, along with a hefty handful of others beers that are not on your typical restaurant menu. Originality, though, apparently died on this bar menu and never leapt onto the main menu...The dinner menu was divided into appetizers, main plates and sides.  Somewhat unsurprisingly, most of the sides are also appetizer listings at greater prices.  I'm sure the portion sizes are bigger, but $8 for hummus feels a bit much.  Kudos for putting Mihammara on the menu, as it is a nice change up, but you likely know most of the other staples: falafel, tabouleh, stuffed grape leaves, baba ghannouj...  and all will cost at least $8 for the appetizer portion.  They were well prepared, but again seemed a tad expensive.  Fresh pita does come to the table, though that seems small consolation.Maybe it was by the time I scanned the entree portion of the menu that I had a sweeping feeling of de ja vu come over me... where have I seen this before?  It is no secret that the owner of this restaurant also has the well-established Kabob Grill locations in Dilworth and Ballantyne, and now I am sure why:  The menu is the same- same dishes, same kabob combos, same options.  Even the prices seem to be the same.  So bottom line diners: you are paying the same prices for the same food you could walk in and order in your shorts just two miles away.  This might be fine with some, but I was really hoping for something new, different and risky- especially with a space that builds expectations quite high. I can only conclude that the owners have played it safe using a menu that has worked well elsewhere and hoping for the same success.  That well may work with the visitors to uptown who are not wise to the surrounding neighborhood stops, but really there is no reason a native Charlottean should make this a "must visit" as you've seen and tasted it all before.  With heavy competition just next door, I am hoping Levant will grow and step up to meet the challenge.
4	We went here for the first time tonight and loved it! everything was so fresh tasting and wonderful. I recommend getting the veggie plate with 7 selections of salad and hummus and then get a kabob combo.  Share both for a delicious dinner for 2.  The grape leaves were terrific as was the lamp kabobs.  Also, very lovely interior decor.  Will go back when we visit Knight Theater or Bechtler Museum.
4	After a concert at the Knight Auditorium, a crossing of the street led me to their door. The interior is beautiful, with low light allure than brings one in. There is an upper and lower dining room separated by a small step. The tables and chairs are a heavy high backed dark wood with carved details. I point this out because while the size of the tables is great for groups I think if you're looking for a more intimate setting ask to be sat by in the lower section by the bar that has smaller tables.The menu had a nice selection of standard mediterranean fare, but there are additions of new items for those looking for something beyond hummus, baba ganoush and a kabobs. I really enjoyed the kibbeh, a ground lamb stuffed hush puppy made of bulgur instead of corn and the olive oil pan fried potatoes finished with lemon juice. There's also some international choices for beer which are fun to try but the Almaza I tried was similar to Heinken.As a dinner choice I think a group is best to order lots of plates to share, as a couple I think I'd come in for appetizer or afterwork drinks or late evening noshes and dessert. The portions are reasonable, the food tastes good, but I think to sample all of the flavors that Levant offers you'll get a better value in those two scenarios.
5	Best Mediterranean food I have had...good music.. Decent ambience.... I kept wondering while eating why this restaurant has so less reviews!!
2	The food is good but the kitchen tends to be slow and the waitstaff lackluster.  I was here at lunch (not my first visit).  I had to ask for my bill twice, was never offered a drink refill, and wasn't served any pita bread with my hummus (other tables were).  Another table was served the wrong beer.
3	I ate here while I was visiting a friend for a couple months in Charlotte. Everyone I was with seemed to enjoy the food, but I think I found out that Mediterranean is just not for me. The service was great and so is the atmosphere.I'd recommend this place to an experienced eater, but not something to try for those of you who are picky, like me!
2	Levant just moved to the bottom of my list of places to eat dinner in Charlotte.I stopped by after work to pick up chicken kabobs, which had cost about $12 to get during lunch previously. However, this time I was charged $25 for the same meal, with the owner telling me that "dinner is more expensive compared to lunch". I don't know anywhere dinner costs double the price of lunch, especially for the exact same meal, and will not be returning. Maybe this is why not a single person was dining there tonight? Too bad, the food is definitely 4 stars and the only place I've found kabobs in uptown.
3	Overall, it was a-ok. The menu wasn't particularly enticing to me. I settled on the shrimp appetizer and a side of hummus.The shrimp was delicious. Spicy and flavorful. A great dish. 4 stars. The side of hummus was actually a full appetizer version, and at full appetizer cost. It was quite meh. And the bread wasn't particularly good either. 2 stars.The service was kinda meh too. I appreciated their willingness to work with our large group. However, it was a rather long wait to get seated - even though the restaurant was almost entirely empty. And our assigned server seemed particularly unable to handle a large group. Each time he took an order, he took it from just one side of the table, went away, and then returned about 10 minutes later to take the other sides. We were a group of 12, not 25 - so that seemed entirely unnecessary. And, of course, it resulted in our food arriving at drastically different times. And don't even get me started on the process of getting and paying our check... 2 stars.So we'll average it all out to 3 stars. The goodness of the shrimp is what saved this experience.
4	Recently went here for dinner prior to seeing "Chicago" (which was AWESOME BTW)....Picked Levant because I've eaten here 2 times for lunch as I work Uptown.It's a relatively small place, but nicely decorated, dim yet not dark, great bar and nice overall ambiance. This is more of a Turkish place than Greek (for those of you who were wondering since the term "Mediterranean" can be applied to any country in that region).Anyway, they have a nice menu, though not a huge selection. But they have your traditional Kabobs and Lamb dishes. Surprised to see a Veal chop dish, but ordered the Mixed Kabob plate instead. This dish had one Kabob of Beef, Chicken, Lamb and Kafta (which is a spicy beef roll). They were all very yummy, but the Lamb stood out. Also ordered their famous Yogurt dish, which they "triple strain" themselves. Now this was the best yogurt I've ever had. It came out in a circle, with real Mediterranean EVOO in the middle. When I first tried it, it tasted like SOUR CREAM, but I still knew it was Yogurt! VERY thick, rich and creamy. It is Greek-style, only much much better!With my dish, I got their Hummus which was very creamy and flavorful. Also got their Baba Ghannouj (eggplant puree) which was also yummy.Dessert was a real treat! Had the Kenafeh, which was a sweet cheese topped with what they called "shredded wheat." Silly me, I was thinking of the cereal and thought that would be weird! But thankfully, it was NOT cereal but rather a smooth, silky mixutre which added to the sweet cheese flavor. Never had this one before, and it was delicious! Oh, and it was not nearly as "heavy" as one would expect from a cheese dish.My only "negative" is that the wine prices are quite high. Guess that is normal for Uptown. But it prevented me from ordering a bottle when I knew that their markup was 100% (meaning double retail). Also the waiter was awfully young and didn't know that Greece was in the Mediterranean region because of a question I asked. Minor nitpick, he was nice, but it would be great if they had a more mature and knowledgeable waitstaff. Overall, an excellent choice for lunch or dinner!
3	The food at levant is pretty good! the place is located in a great area and the decor is delightful. The only thing i did not enjoy was the service. it was not BAD but it could be improved specially when there is a large group of people coming to the restaurant. It seemed like a big deal for them to separate checks and keep track of the orders. When i went there with just a couple of people the service was not bad, so i would not recommend going if you have a group bigger than 10
4	I finally visited Levant after walking past it on the way to work for the past year it seems.What a great spot!  I got a veggie plate with four items... all of them were outstanding.  Creamy, flavorful hummus.  Garlicy potatoes, falafel with lots of green stuff in it which is just how I like it.  And what is it about a turkish style dill pickle?  I have no idea why they are so amazing, but they are.  Just the right amount of garlic and dill, and crunch, and so thin.  The service was outstanding.  The server was attentive without being too much.  My only complaint about the service (and the justification for four stars instead of five) was the hostess who seated us was wearing so much perfume I thought I was going to gag, and was standing right outside the front door smoking when we left, which is something I've always thought was a bit tacky.My friend and I have decided we're going back next week.  Since it took us a year to try it, we have a lot of time to make up for!
3	We were interested in trying The Levant after seeing it make a list of top new restaurants, and we made reservations for a Wednesday night at 8:00.  When we got there, we were the only customers, which seemed very odd.  Our waiter was helpful, but he told us the menu was going through a transition and they would no longer be serving fish.  I also noticed our bill/receipt listed Mizan as the restaurant, not The Levant, so perhaps there are more changes coming?The restaurant was beautiful - dark and intimate with Lebanese-inspired furniture.  We skipped an appetizer since most of the appetizers were also sides, and the entrees all came with two sides.  We ordered the lamb kabob with hummus and potato and the chicken kabob with falafel and mihammara.  The food was delicious, but I'm still perplexed about why no one else was there.  Upon asking my coworkers if they'd ever been, no one had even heard of it, and I can't seem to even find a website for it.  Perhaps a little more marketing would help?  I hope they stay in business, but I won't be in a rush to go back.
4	Came here for dinner tonight, and was absolutely pleased with the place. I arrived about 645 pm, and there was only one other group in the place, which may be odd but this whole block seems pretty low-key. Three other groups came in while I was eating, so it wast completely dead. One thing to note is that this is NOT Greek food- The website says they're a mixture of several countries, and more in line with what I've had as Lebanese food in Houston. Overall, compared to other Lebanese places I've eaten at, this is some of the best. I got the mixed kabobs (beef, lamb, chicken, and kafta), the small hummus, and basmati rice and the potatoe harra. Everything was delicious! One thing to note is that only the beef and lamb is halal, so if you're on a halal diet then make sure to only get those meats. Basmati rice was the best that I've ever had. I saw a few reviewers complain that the meat was dry. Honestly, all Mediterranean food like this is dry, unlike the American way of fatty meats, sauces, and cheese on everything. I was neither surprised or upset by the 'dryness' of the kafta and chicken. That's to be expected with traditional Arabic food. The service was decent. The waiter wasn't overbearing, which I appreciated, but came quickly enough when I was looking for him. You'll need to be clear when you want a refill, which again is different form American restaurants, but compared to the other Middle Eastern-like food places the service was amazing. Not sure if it's a cultural thing, but I wasn't upset of disappointed. I noticed they had a full bar, and wine by the bottle, but I didn't look into wine by the glass. I'm sure they have it, but I just didn't investigate. I wish I could go back again, I liked the place so much. I didn't have any complaints about the place.
2	The decor and ambiance was amazing, but unfortunately that was the best part. I went to Levant for lunch, looking for an interesting new uptown restaurant that serves vegetarian fare. The potato harras had a subtle flavor but overall good. The biggest disappointment were the pitas. My husband had the shawarma wrap and I had the falafel wrap. Neither had more than three pieces of meat/falafel. Both were very bland and both had reheated stale pitas. We asked for any type of sauce, and we were treated with barely concealed disdain. To be fair, the whipped garlic the server brought was strong and delicious and made the wraps palatable. I would probably not give this place another try.
4	Visited Levant last night as part of a group of six. We came for an early dinner before going to the Latin Jazz performance at the Bechtler across the street. Similar to others' experiences, we were the only folks in the place. There is something off-putting about that for some reason, but our fears were allayed once our server visited our table. Although he was unsure about a few things with the beer menu, service was fine overall.The restaurant's interior is gorgeous. I can tell the design was well planned and executed beautifully. Lots of Moroccan influence, pattern, and light, but the atmosphere feels fresh, thanks to the paint color and floor material choices.Food-wise, I was very impressed. I had the vegetarian platter. You can choose 7 items, and all of them were fantastic. I love Lebanese food, and this was the best I've had ever. The plate was styled beautifully too. I wish I had taken a photo! I have to admit that the price of the dish scared me a little ($23), but I believe it was worth every penny. I complemented my dinner with a glass of pinot grigio, which was very good also.I was pleased with my experience at Levant. I hope to go back soon. Maybe I'll try lunch next time.
1	I am still shell shocked from my extremely poor and disgraceful experience here.  First I was overcharged for my to go order when I picked up some food. The polite lady fixed it. Then I got home and found out that they gave me meat pies and not cheese. I have stopped eating meat, so was not exactly happy when I bite into a pastry filled with frozen meat.  When I called the manager, he said I could come back and pick up the cheese pies. I was not going to go back uptown. I asked him to deliver them and he said no, he was short staffed. I requested a refund and he said, he can't do that over the phone.The next day I had to go in (out of my way) to get a $10 refund. I explained to the manager that I was not happy with the customer service. He said, "you don't believe in mistakes?" I said yes of course, but I believe in good customer service to redeem it. I didn't get what I ordered and was inconvenienced to come back in to get a refund. The manager said, "where are you from?" WHAT does ethnicity matter??? To my surprise, he said... yes YOU PEOPLE LIKE TO COMPLAIN. OMG. I told him that is racist!! He said he did not care. I said, I was brought up in the USA and my ethnicity does not matter. He repeated, yes you ppl like to complain. YOU PEOPLE!?!?  I told him I am not happy with the customer service, and I will write a review. After saying that, he stopped and said now I am not giving you a refund at all. I cannot believe that this overpriced place is letting such an ignorant racist person run the restaurant. Overall the quality of the food is pre-prepared, extremely overpriced and now disgusting customer service.Follow my other reviews for quality Mediterranean food in Charlotte.   There is a reason this restaurant is always empty.
5	Delicious. Staff and owner are awesome!
2	I've had A LOT of mediterranean food in this lifetime and Levant would probably have to be one of the most disappointing eateries of all. Not that the food was bad, but taste was average as a whole with one terrible dish in particular (Ahem, super dry, over-fried and tasteless falafels!) and the price does not justify the flavor or service. My dining companion and I came in around 12:30 for lunch service. We stood awkwardly at the door, looking for someone to approach us and seat us for literally 5 minutes before we finally sought out a person in the back to seat us. Once seated, our menu's and orders came out pretty quickly. No gripes about that. And they did a great job of keeping our water glasses full. I ordered the chicken schwarma sandwich ($9) - It was supposed to come with hummus inside, but I am positive there wasn't ANY. The sandwich looked big, but it was honestly mostly the wrap itself with very loose filling inside. Flavors were a-ok to me. Chicken was well seasoned before roasted and the shredded vegetables inside got a good coating of tahini. We ordered 2 sides - the falafel and the babaganough (eggplant). The baba was a winner but the falafel was super disappointing. Dry and under-seasoned. For my $20 lunch, I could have gotten a nicer setting (Halcyon) or better bang for my buck elsewhere. Would I come back? Probably not, unless this was the only mediterranean fare in town...then I'd stop being so picky and come back FO SHO.
3	The hummus is really good here. We had the mixed plates and they were good but I feel like it was a little pricey for what you got. There are other places where you can spend less and get way more. The server/host was pleasant enough. We visited on a night where there was a huge family that could not control their kids and that was annoying but that's not the restaurant's fault. We tried to get a space away from them but the restaurant isn't that big so that didn't exactly work out for us, lol. They validate parking for you so that's a nice plus.
2	The service was awful. Not rude, just inept and scarce. (Had to tell the bartender how to make a margarita.) The restaurant was empty (6:30pm on a Thursday) except for us and one other table, but I still had to flag the server down every time we needed something. The food was good, but not any better than the owners' kabob shack in Dilworth, and twice as expensive. If you want to try it, better hurry before they close, which is inevitable. They seem really over it...
5	Wow. Yowza.  I mean, whoa.  Levant.  Who knew? This place rocks.
4	The service attracts me to go there, manager herself serves to the customer, outstanding, she is my central attention, an attentive server, I enjoyed asking whether we needed any thing like a friend gently not showing any advances.
4	I came here for lunch the other day. The atmosphere is nice and the furniture gives it a great touch. It has a very Mediterranean feel to it. I got Turkish coffee to drink and they make it perfectly! We got the hummus to start with pita bread and it was good. I got the beef kabob with two sides. The beef itself had great flavor and was very tender. I highly recommend it to anyone that can't decide what to get. You won't be disappointed. The Omar salad was meh as were the potatoes. I wish they had better sides. Overall a solid place to grab a bite. The lunch prices were pretty reasonable though I can't comment on prices for dinner.EXCELLENT SERVICE
