4	Bravo! is opening up in a couple of days but I had the opportunity to attend a pre-opening dinner to help train the staff.  We started with the Margherita Stuffed Flatbread then the Lobster Bisque and Insalata Della Casa.  For our entrees we had the Lobster Ravioli Alla Vodka and the Veal Parmesan.  For dessert we had the Torta Di Cioccolata.  I recommend everything we had and I'm looking forward to trying other dishes as well.  They also have a great patio area that opens up onto the common area which will be great for the summer concert series that just started.  I also appreciate the very reasonably priced kids menu.  Very happy to have Bravo! in Blakeney and looking forward to eating there when it opens on April 24th
4	I went to Bravo last night and It is probably one of the best Italian places in town. I had the Chicken Milanese which is like chicken Parmesan and it was truly delicious for dessert they brought out a tray of desserts and we shared their tuxedo chocolate cake. Also they are pretty affordable for their upscale feel they have. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes Italian food. The only bad thing I have to say is some not all of the servers are inexperienced but I'm sure that will change with time.
5	Alright so I went to Bravo for the first time today for lunch. This location probably opened just over the weekend or something, let's just say it's relatively new. Ok so let's get started, OH MY LORD!! It was magically delicious! (Lucky charms reference haha) so for starters we got the lobster Bisque, Italian wedding soup, and Caesar salad, they were all very flavorful. The lobster bisque can be a little salty if you interpret the taste wrong, but it's really more of a cheesy, potatoey taste and it's great. The Italian wedding soup was just flavorful overall, it was probably my favorite, I can't explain the taste you just have to try it. The Caesar salad, I thought it would be just like any other Caesar salad but I was wrong, the sauce is vet good and definitely worth trying. Now on to main dishes, so I got the sausage tortelloni and it was very balanced and flavorful. We also got the Lobster ravioli Alla vodka and it was not like others it had a nice sweet taste to it but it wasn't too sweet it was just right. We also got the meatball and pepperoni manicotti and it was very flavorful and warm on the inside. Then we got the pasta woozie and that was very good as well. Last but not least we got a special but I can't remember what it was called but like the others it was very good. We also got peach palmers, they were lemonade with a peach tea and those were pretty good as well. Let's just say I didn't write this long of a review because it was mediocre this place is great and the service is amazing as well. If price isn't too much of a problem, you need give this place a chance!
1	Everything that could go wrong did. The servers were tense with people literally running into one another. Some appeared to have no idea what their role was supposed to be. OK, it was Mother's Day, and the restaurant is still in its infancy. The food was disappointing. I ordered the salmon and requested that it be "moist." After a very long wait, our dinner arrived. Not only was the portion of salmon quite small by any reasonable standard, but it was overcooked. Even worse, the wine pour was pathetic. My wife tells me we should give Bravo another chance. I vote no.
4	Had a great meal with family and friends out on the patio.  Got the Bravo pasta and it basically was similar to a penne vodka. The fried ravioli appetizer was fantastic! Great outdoor space and looking forward to going back!
2	Disappointing. The bread seemed stale. It isn't crusty, it's crunchy, like crackers, or like stale bread. My wife and I don't care for sun-dried tomatoes so we didn't like the dipping oil, but others might? I had the Italian Wedding Soup and that's what it tasted like, so I'll give it a good. Also had the Roast Chicken Salad. Salad part was good, chicken part was not. Like a plain (not even seasoned) roasted chicken that they skinned and then put back into the oven to remove all moisture. Wife had Lobster Ravioli, which we both gave a "meh".  Just not much flavor to it and the lobster wasn't strong enough to overcome the lack of anything else. My son liked his spaghetti and meatball. I tried the meatball and it was good, but way over-salted. My daughter had the chicken parmesan which was also pretty good and the size of an adult portion. For reference the chicken parm was at least twice the size of the spaghetti in case you have hungry kids.  Generally, the food was ok, but average to the point that I won't go back.Edit: I've definitely had focaccia before. And I've definitely had stale bread. And now I've definitely had stale focaccia. This is place is average at best. Bread or no bread.
4	The best part about Bravo is the location and the patio. They've done a beautiful job redesigning the interior and the patio has a number of tables plus couches to hang of you are just in a drinking mood. The other dude that criticized the bread on here apparently has never had focaccia which explains why it seems stale to him. But it's fine. I had the meatball and pepperoni manicotti which I really liked. Not overly sauced but cheesy and meaty. Enjoy the food and the music as they work out their service kinks.
3	Overall it was ok. The banana stuffed flat bread was very good but everyone's meals were just average. And for the price I would expect alot better quality and quantity.  Service was great but we won't be back it was just plain and so many Bette places around Charlotte to go.
2	very disappointed, my wife and I visited the restaurant inside for dinner, I served the person does not have experience and we did not know the menu dishes. I ordered a glass of red wine, totally dirty and wine glass with white stuff. The dish to order for dinner, raw vegetables, and very dirty around the dish looks like it does not wash. The manager came to the table and did not care. she said sometimes happens .. Not going back and would not recommend.
4	After shopping in Blakney on Sunday night Mom and I decided to stop at Bravo for a cocktail and appetizer, but ended up staying for dinner. For drinks, we enjoyed the White Peach Sangria, so light and refreshing as we dined at an outside table. After a recommendation from our server we chose the crispy shrimp Napoli appetizer, amazing. The shrimp is lightly coated and fried served over a cream tomato based sauce, so good. And, we also enjoyed the complimentary bread with a tomato based oil dip.  Enjoying the music and our drinks we chose the 6oz filet and shrimp and crab cakes to share. The shrimp and crab cakes were light and delish and served with red potatoes and veggies. The filet, perfect with spinach & appetizer.Look forward to getting back another night.
4	Finally. It's about time something different and good moved into Blakeney. The space used to be occupied by Encore which I was never a fan of. When I saw that Bravo! was coming in, I was pleased to see an Italian place. While it is a chain, it doesn't feel like one. It's not as casual as a Macaroni Grill and a little less formal than a Maggiano's. It hits that sweet spot that is the demographic around Ballantyne. They really have a fantastic location in Blakeney and a great outdoor seating area next to the summer music. I went after an exam with my mom, and she had already grabbed a table inside as outside had a wait (impressive for a weekday!). The bread was already out by the time I arrived, and it was delicious. The olive oil...sauce...thing was excellent as well. I ordered the Turkey Bacon and Avocado Sandwich, how Italian of me, I know. It came out fairly quickly and was very good. It was in line with what I'd expect from a semi-upscale lunch place. Everything was cooked well and the bread it was on was excellent. It came with a fruit cup which was ripe and very good.The decor is way better than Encore--it is actually light and I could see everyone around me--how nice! The service was good as well, I have no complaints. I'm excited to come back in the future--thumbs up for Bravo!
3	So , this is supposed to be an Italian restaurant but none of the staff are from Italy or even have Italian in them. But, the overall food Is not bad. Again if you are looking for real Italian, this is not for you. The reason why I gave this 3 stars is because our waitress was new and totally messed up all our orders and it took nearly an hour for appetizers then another hour for dinner and thirty more minutes for dessert that was free on them.  I will give this another chance. I will admit the best thing on the menu is the veal cutlet
4	Have been there twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Both times I ordered off the gluten free menu. Dinner I had the 5 oz filet mignon with steamed veggies and sweet potato mash. Delish... Veggies were done to perfection and not mushy. The steak was melt in your mouth good. While the sweet potatoes were very good, they put too much on the plate. For lunch I had the chicken and pasta dish. This was also very good. It is nice to have a restaurant close by that serves very tasty gluten free meals.
2	Not recommended.  Staff is not knowledgable and menu is overpriced for what it is. If you want true Italian food, go up  Ballantyne Commons Rd to Villa Antonio's in Ballantyne!  Far better, and about the same price!!
5	Amazing Happy Hour!
4	Such a great addition to Blakeney! After disappointing visits to Encore, I was excited to see this place open, and I wasn't disappointed. As others have noted, they really opened up the inside so you can see the whole dining area when you walk in. Before, you felt really isolated on that side. A girlfriend and I went on a Tuesday after work for the bar happy hour. They got rid of a lot of bar tables, but the outside looked much more inviting. However, we sat at the bar.The specials were pretty awesome - drinks and food anywhere from $4-$6 each - so we split a caprese salad, beef carpacchio, and spinach and artichoke dip. The dip was solid, but the salad was so good, I even ate tomatoes, which is rare. The carpacchio was one of the better ones I've had... I was surprised!Service was a little spotty, but realizing they had just opened, I'm guessing they'll get into a groove soon.
4	I first experiened Bravo Restaurant in Fort Worth, Texas.  Thank you for coming to Blakeney off Rea Road.  Finally a decent restaurant in this space. The only draw back is finding a parking place at Blakeney.  The food is delicious and offers a variety for your cuisine.  I have found the service to be slow and this coud because it is new or inexperienced waitresses.  It is a beautiful restaurant.  Ask for a table outside.  Make a reservation in advance if going on Friday or Saturday -- they are busy.  A fan.
5	Excellent!  Bravo Cucina Italiana is a favorite of mine. I have enjoyed meals in many and this one is no exception.  Fine foods and outstanding service.  Highly recommended.
3	Food was "good" but expensive for what it was. $15 for tortellini with sausage seemed high but you could tell the pasta was fresh and the sauce was very good. I gave this place 3 stars for two reasons:-after call in at 7:05 on Saturday to get our name on the list for a table on the patio for 3 people, we were told "about 30-40 minutes". I thought no problem. We're 20 minutes away and I don't mind waiting a little. After sitting around for a really long time we were finally seated...at 8:50. A full hour past their projected wait time.-the other problem I had with Bravo was the lookaway I got when I signaled to the blonde service person with the water pitcher that I needed more water. She looked right in my eyes and kept walking. Twice.-bonus issue: the three ladies up front to seat people (I guess that's what they do, I couldn't tell) seemed more interested in hanging out behind the podium instead of working that hard. No apologies at all for the hour and forty minute wait. They acted as if it was normal.Would I go there again? This was my first time there and I'd give them another shot. Last chance.
4	Really good place. Food was very good, not saw authentic Italian, but very tasty still. Dining room is really nice and the outside is very cool. Covered tables or lounge areas outside. Good bar area and an open kitchen. Service was ok. Probably the new restaurant and they still need to gel. Went there at lunch and they have brunch along with other meals. Definitely want to go back for those potatoes on the side!!
4	I was a little nervous about going to Bravo because I hadn't had the best experience at Northlake and I generally HATE chain Italian places. But I came for one of their opening lunches where we got to try a lot of dishes and was blown away and pleasantly surprised! I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.The Crispy Shrimp Napoli appetizer totally blew me away. Never in a million years would I believe that I would crave a fried shrimp app and drive halfway across the city to eat it, but this absolutely did. It's somehow light and crispy but paired with this rich unidentifiable but totally delicious red pepper/tomato cheesy creamy sauce and arugula. My party called it Crack Shrimp. The beef carpaccio also was absolutely delicious and admittedly even better than my favorite non-chain Italian place. Antipasto is also nice.For mains, my pick is the Shrimp Fra Diavolo for the top menu item. It's not ultra spicy like some Fra Diavolo, so don't let it scare you off. It's also a bit creamier like a Vodka sauce, but not too creamy. It was absolutely tender and delicious. I also really enjoyed the marsala mushroom sauce over  the marsala chicken and mashed potatoes. We got to sample the chicken off the gluten free menu and didn't care for it - it didn't have enough sauce to it and was too bland and also didn't care for the sweet potatoes. But I appreciated that they had GF options and might opt for something else from the GF or light menu. I can't speak to the desserts because I haven't tried them. I look forward to trying their weekend brunch menu because there are such limited options around town for brunch, and I love a fritatta!My favorite part (Attention parents!!) is that I saw a family with kids get some raw pizza dough to "make their own pizza" and they fire it up in the brick oven which is a super cute way to keep kids occupied before food comes. I thought it was a nice touch, and smart in such a family-oriented neighborhood like South Charlotte.The service has been super friendly. Bottom line- It's a good value and love the outdoor area, especially where you can people watch and listen to weekend entertainment! Sidenote: For people who commented that Bravo doesn't have authentic Italian, I would challenge you to find a restaurant here that does. No, not Villa Antonio, not Vivace, certainly not godawful Maggiano's or Carabbas. I just returned from Italy and was struck by the simplicity of the best dishes we ate there like Cacio y Pepe which is really simple pasta, olive oil, salt pepper and a little cheese which is ridiculously good, but you just won't find something that simple here. So let's just consider them all Italian-American, OK? So the bottom line is for a chain, Italian-American, Bravo's my fave.
3	I've been to Bravo three times, once for dinner and twice for lunch. The food is average and you can get much better tasting Italian food in Charlotte for the same or less $$$. I do like the peach sangria and sitting on the patio. The location is very convenient and there's quite a lot to choose from on the menu. Just wish that the food was either better or the prices were more in line with the quality of the food. Overall, it's okay.
1	Encore wasn't bad, not sure why they closed, was kind of disappointed; they were fairly priced and had good food; but I was even more disappointed to see what sprout up in its place. I am not sure how they renovated that space and ended up making it smaller. It's like dining at your tacky, single Aunt's (or cross-dressing uncle from Miami) gaudy two-bedroom home---the plates even have the name imprinted on them---as if I could forget. The dish I ordered lacked any sort of presentation and I was incredibly underwhelmed by the taste. But at least they had the decency to take an hour to bring it out, ensuring that I would be hungry enough to eat just about anything they whipped up and slung at me. On top of everything else that managed to disappoint, they are yet another new business in Ballantyne that is ridiculously overpriced. If I ever go back to this slipshod of a restaurant, it will be because the pod-people won.
2	this is a typical (wharf i call a computer restaurant) noisy, OVERPRICED, for the quality of food served.
3	Tried bravo for lunch today. Our server was great, very attentive and came by often to check on us throughout the meal. Started off with the onion balsamic and Gorgonzola flatbread which was really tasty. Ordered a double portion of the chicken Marsala and the grilled Mediterranean veggie salad and shared. The chicken was grilled perfectly, but the Marsala sauce was way over reduced and super salty. I had to scrape most of it off of my plate. The "crispy" potatoes were disgusting, they looked like they would have been delcious when they were first cooked, but after being deep fried again and given to me, they were glistening with oil and most of them were burned. The grilled veggie salad was nothing special, most of the veggies were grilled nicely except the red peppers, there was just a huge pile of them in the middle of the plate and weren't very edible. I'll probably give bravo another try for dinner solely based on the service.
5	Excellent lunch today.  Our first visit to Bravo ever and will be back.  The rattelle with sausage was very good and the Pasta Bravo was tasty.  Sweet tea was sweet and light,  not to heavy.  We will definitely be back to see our waiter Ben.
1	Eaten here twice over two month period. The food/service was so bad the manager bought our entire meal both times. Half the meal showing up. Entrees completely incorrect. The Marsala sauce on the chicken was canned gravy with some mushrooms in it. Gross. My wife ordered a seafood dish that was delivered WITHOUT THE SEAFOOD! The manager brought the most pathetic looking, beat up fish/shrimp on this undersized plate and suggested my wife scrape them unto her entree plate to compete her dish! It's not exactly cheap here either. This place is broken and needs some serious management changes.
4	First, I did not know it was a chain restaurant. That is a positive thing. Second, the decor and the menu are one of the best in our area, and definitely the best Italian. I love Italian food, and have waited 17 years for a good Italian spot in the Ballantyne area that was good and affordable. I am pleased. Third, and most importantly, perhaps - we have had GREAT service all four times we have eaten there. Every wait person has been very attentive and has had good people skills. Beyond that, Amanda, one of the managers, has come to greet us every time - even before she knew us. We came once on our anniversary, before we were regulars, simply mentioned we were celebrating, and were presented with a free dessert. I consider myself fairly snobby when it comes to food and wine (it's almost impossible to get 5 starts from me), and I have been quite satisfied. Decor, ambience, food, and people. Everything is wonderful!
2	I was not impressed with there "pasta bravo" there signature dish . I also was equally disappointed with the lasagna . the red sauce is way to sweet .. I'm not going to go there again ...olive garden is a way better option to give you a idea ..not to mention most others
5	The service was top notch. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. The food was fantastic. We got peach tea, lobster bisque, one of the eggs Benedict options for brunch, a pasta dish, and tiramisu for dessert. Everything was fresh and incredible.I love the decor - tables are nice; outdoor seating; beautiful ambiance. I can honestly say I had the best tiramisu of my life. I will definitely be going here again.
2	My second time here to give them a 2nd chance. Everything fell short of the mark. Yuk. My pasta Yolando was not well seasoned. Also, what was supposed to be spinach was actually unidentified weed 0f some sort. Spinach has found leaves. This had palmate leaves with serrated edges.... definitely not spinach. When I showed the difference to the waiter (see photo) which I placed side by side on the bread plate - he shrugged. I insisted he take it back and show the cook as something is not right. I just got the bill in return. No apology. No explanation. Nothing. Aside from the weed-disguised-as-spinach - the food in general is not seasoned well. It was conspicuously absent of classic Italian touches such as fresh herbs as is prepared by top rated Italian restaurants do. And the putrid bread "dip" tasted like recycled, rancid, cooking oil with smashed dried tomatoes (of equally poor quality) added to cover the awful, don't-think-its-olive-oil taste. Actually made me nauseous and regret dipping my bread into. The manager should hire me as a consultant. I've spent 2 years in Italy and traveled the entire country for 2-3 months at a time on over 11 visits. This is not Italian by any definition - not even American. Terribile? Yes. Bravo? No.
3	It is a beautiful restaurant, my favorite part of eh place is restaurant it self.  The food is decent, is a nice place for a date, not really good food
5	I love the lobster ravioli and there bread though not authentic has a herbal and unique taste epically with the oil they make. I enjoyed my experience very much also ran into an old waitress of mine.
5	Always fantastic service both times I've been for take out and to eat there. Genuinely nice people working there. Our take out is always meticulous. Top notch and a great dining experience!! Love that they're in Blakeney
2	Blah!  This was my 2nd visit to Bravo, 1st time I got a grilled chicken salad & had to send it back b/c the chicken was pink.  This time we started w/ the sangria rosa, way to sweet & was more like a daiquiri.  I got the chicken caprese & the chicken was very thin & like rubber, I could barely cut it, the orzo had zero seasoning.  So disappointed & we will not be going back!  Only reason for 2 stars instead of one was because we had good service.
