3	Visited here as part of a wedding party last week. I do wonder, with weddings, you tend to depend on the catering approach rather than fine dining, but at the same time, what is on the plate will be representative of the restaurant's efforts. Lentil soup - vegetarian and quite pleasant, if not super flavoursome. Wouldn't call it memorable. Vegetarian option for main course - a cheese basket filled with vegetables in a hoi sin sauce. Got to admit, I was a little lost at the choice, but the other options being meat, I had to get on the tasteboat and see what this would bring. Which was what it said on the tin - a cheese pastry filled with hoi sin sauce. While it wasn't horrible, I wouldn't mix that combination ever again. On the positive side, the heaviness of the meal did soak the pre-dinner alcohol up quite successfully, but boy was it heavy. Dessert of sticky toffee pudding had me reaching for the sofa, but it was sugary tasty (fine by me at the time). Waitressing - not enough servings of wine - one top up and if you didn't take advantage you had no chance. Service was pretty good- the bar never seemed to take long serving the party, and the maitre'd had the waitressing staff running round at all the right times (bar the above comment). Clearly they are used to catering for large parties. Very efficient! However, I just didn't think the food was all that impressive, so, 2 stars for quality, but goes up to 3 for service.
3	My single room is tiny, but clean. The reception was very welcoming, but I got a bit lost looking for the restaurant. Still, the veggie options seem to have improved, although no V next to the meals makes it harder to decipher. I've just been asked if I want vegetables or chips with my vegetable stir fry. Confused. So, you are asking me if I want vegetables with my vegetables? I don't need a side dish. More veg in my veg stir fry perhaps? :-)Came back to amend the number of stars down over. The veg stir fry was literally swimming in oil and Hoi sin sauce. It's a BBQ sauce, and needed only a tiny amount to add flavour. The oil looked like olive, but a small amount of sesame oil would have been better. I think the chef may have never tried this. I couldn't finish it. A photo is attached. Shame.
