5	If you're looking for a midwestern style place or some pie this is the place to go.  Definitely a small town feel.  Nothing fancy here but sometimes that's just what your stomach wants!
1	Well the first few times is okay.  After that, the place goes down hill.  The staff there seems friendlier to Iowans, or those who are not NYers.  Had 2 bad dinners there..quit going after that.  The pie is good.  Go for dessert.
3	I haven't been here in a few years only because I live kind of far from it and when I do have the time to get there it's on the weekends for breakfast and then I'll have driven a long way just to wait for about 20 minutes to get a table. When I have eaten here the food has always been decent. The breakfast is typical eggs and bacon. I would definitley recommend getting a slice of pie and a home made donut.
3	Back in the day... 'bout 8 years ago -- this was my favorite breakfast.Excellent portions (not too big-not too small)It's a classic short order diner that does/did things right. There cinnamon rolls are awesome and don't forget to try some pie some time.That said, I've seen a slight dip in service the last couple times which is why I didn't give it four stars in case something is change there I don't know about.Other than that, it really is a good place to get a breakfast. Very reasonably priced.
4	"Well, my wife's from Iowa so that pretty much makes me from Iowa too."This place is a diamond in the rough.  A needle in a haystack. A king among men.  Well, you get the idea.  It's located between 'Bum F*** Egypt', and 'Where the hell am I', but it is worth the drive!We usually run down there for breakfast because they have the BEST whole wheat pancakes this side of Iowa city! The rest of the food there is pretty much what you would expect from a midwestern greasy spoon, but the pies... oh the pies...The only downside to writing a review about their pies, is that the english language doesn't have words to describe how utterly amazing they are. Exquisite? Nay.  Delectable? Closer, but not close enough.  I will simply say that if you venture to the realm of this genius facility, pie it up.
4	In terms of food, I would really only give this place a 3 star rating because I didn't find it to be particularly wonderful.  However, I loved the setup of the menu that let you order as little or as much as you like without having to break the bank by ordering everything a la carte.  The place is fairly small and tucked away in a place you might miss if you were driving by, but they have a pretty big sign out front.  It was a seat yourself kind of deal and the server came by pretty quickly to take our drink order. While waiting for drinks I was able to observe the eclectic and not entirely cohesive crap all over the walls and on the shelves.  I didn't quite understand why some stuff was on the walls, but to each his own.  The restaurant seemed a wee bit dirty but it didnt really bother me one bit.  For breakfast I ordered 2 buckwheat pancakes, an egg, and some bacon.  The egg was cooked just the way I like it, with the edges of the white nice and crispy.  The bacon was fine, but nothing special.  The pancakes were enormous and entirely too much food for me.  They were pretty tasty, but a little on the dry side for my taste.The East Valley is lucky to have such a nice alternative to the usual suspects for breakfast.
3	This place is exactly what you expect.  Tables in every nook of the drawn out building means plenty of seating.  The kitchen is quick and the servers are pretty good (but lack any charming personality).  The place has all sorts of random junk you can buy if you are into buying postcards at your breakfast stop.  It is a decent experience.Where it gets me down is the food.  I ordered my typical Texas Toast french toast and it was beyond boring.  The pieces were small and had no hint of extra flavoring.  The syrup was bland and tasted store-bought.  What I wanted was home-cooked goodness for breakfast.  What I got was cookie-cutter blandness.  Too bad, this coulda been a great place.
3	This place is just like a small town diner.  Every small town I have been to has a little place like this where the locals eat.   I found Iowa Cafe using my Yelp Blackberry App after finishing a hearing at the East Mesa Justice Court.  The restaurant itself is a small and old fashioned in a 1970's midwest kind of way, but it was clean.  My waitress was friendly and she took my order and delivered my food without any delay.I had the corned beef hash, over easy eggs, and rye toast.  The breakfast was hot and delicious, but very traditional.  There was no artistic license taken with the food.   My meal was ridiculously inexpensive.Don't come here looking for healthy options on the menu.  There are no egg-white omelets or low-carb wraps.  My breakfast really stuck to my ribs, though, and I did not get hungry again until almost dinner time.
5	One of the very few places one can get a breaded tenderloin sandwich. I used to have favorite place back in Iowa for tenderloins...this is better. If anyone reading this is from Des Moines and knows Smitty's Tenderloins on Army Post Rd they you'll love this place. The tenderloins taste the same but they're thicker. I have yet to have a pie there but I hear they're to die for.
2	A local pal and I get together twice a month for breakfast or lunch, depending on our mood. I suggested the Iowa Cafe as I'd heard the fuss about the 'home cookin' and was genuinely excited to try it.  Walkin' in, I found it to be exactly what you'd think the place would look like...just a plain down-home setting with myriad Iowa items pegged about the walls. And our waitress was a charmer, who made sure we felt welcomed.My pal Dave ordered breakfast while I ordered lunch. My choice was their 'Iowa Special' turkey sandwich. The price was almost $8.00, which led me to believe I'd be getting home-cooked roast turkey. After all, it was their 'special.'  I also ordered a cup of chili, as is my habit when the weather cools. Our food arrived promptly. Dave's breakfast came out first and I was mighty impressed with the pancakes: They were huge. The egg and sausage looked OK...except the portions were considerably smaller.Less than a minute later my sandwich arrived. After the lady set it down and left, I had to do a double-take as it was mighty small. In fact, it looked like the bread came from an outlet store on sale day. Compounding my disappointment was the turkey itself. It was what I call 'turkey jello'...the crap you get at the supermarket in the lunch-meat section for 99 cents a pound sealed in a plastic pouch. It's the stuff that might legally be called turkey (after the bleaching, processing and flavors are added) but it sure wasn't what I'd be proud to put on my menu for $7.59. In fact, I'd probably have second thoughts about offering it to folks on medical marijuana!  I was, as the Brits say, gobsmacked.I was hungry however and did get through half the sandwich. By that time the jello had warmed up a bit...and you could clearly taste the sourness in the alleged turkey, indicating it was very close to expiration. Yucco.I didn't make a fuss nor bring my thoughts to management's attention because it was clear that their faux turkey was what they wanted to serve. They were actually geeked when they put it on the table. Like it was a work of art. If it was a work of art, it was Art the mechanic down the street who didn't have a food servers license. The good: the chili had promise. And the Pepsi products were served in 24 ounce cups. And there was a pickle and a bag of chips on the plate. And our waitress asked that if we needed anything else, 'just holler hon.'So one star for the waitress and one star for the cool old-school interior. And no stars for Art the mechanic who stopped by Fry's and bought the turkey jello.
2	Garbage.I went to this place a few years ago and really enjoyed it.  The food was excellent diner food and I was especially fond of their homemade corned beef hash.  If I would have reviewed it a year ago it would have been 4 stars.... but something has changed.  I visited again a week ago with a serious craving for corned beef hash.  Unfortunately, everything was different, and in a bad way.  It wasn't even the same recipes.  My dining partner's omelet wasn't anything to brag about either.  We will not be returning.
2	Good place to go when visiting your grandparents from the midwest.  grandma and grandpa will love it because the waitress knows exactly how grandpa likes his oatmeal!  You'll tolerate it because you see the waitress being nice to your grandparents.  Cinnamon rolls were pretty good!
3	A little breakfast spot that has the old dinner feel to it so if your looking for something of the more local downhome feel for breakfast versus a chain this is a good spot. While it is nothing that is outstanding it will hit the spot if your looking for just a simple breakfast. I have had the corned beef hash and 2 eggs twice now and while it hasn't been anything that jumps out and screams "come back for more" it still hasn't stopped me from clearing my plate each time. However it has needed a kick of tabasco and some pepper. The pepper is because it is a little blander than i would like but the tabasco is just because i love spicy breakfast. The first time my eggs were a little overdone but not horrible and they were just fine the second.If your somebody who prefers a mom and pop place over a chain like iHop this is a pretty good alternative and probably a better taste too.
4	Comfort food lives here! The Breaded Pork Tenderloin & Eggs "Special" that we tried today was wonderful - I really liked their fried potato slices too. The decor here is a tribute to Iowa. Amy being from Iowa, we thought it was kind of cute. If I owned the place - I'd invest heavily in landscaping to make it look like Iowa on the outside too.FYI - They always have a Breaded Pork Tenderloin sandwich on the menu. Next time!
1	I actually did a search for best pies in Phoenix and this place turned up. Ugh. Well the best place isn't actually near Phoenix, but I wasn't about to drive up 65 miles north to Rock Springs for their apple crumble, and THEN drive back here.So I took a long drive to Mesa, which is a larger city than I thought. And I entered the late morning breakfast crowd of tiny Iowa Cafe. This is a very small place. I sat next the register. I had had breakfast very early that morning so all I came in for. So really I wanted a slice of their "famous" pie and a cup of coffee. Mistake: I got the "cherry supreme", which was a gloppy, thick viscous cream that had bits of cherries in it, whipped cream on top. It was not a pie as much as it was a gloppy pile. Also it smelled and tasted like it had taken on fridge odors overnight.The coffee was stale and not very hot. Oh, and I added a side order of scrambled eggs and they were cold and rubbery.I suppose if you advertise that you sell Midwest traditional pies Iowa style you should probably have your best pies out there. But this was not the case that morning.
5	This is our FAVORITE place to eat breakfast!!!
3	The Iowa cafe is moving its location to Higley and Brown The food is good and like the claim it taste home cooked friendly wait staff good service quaint atmosphere I ordered the home made meatloaf and mashed potatoes there were smothered with a brown gravy $7.95 good food good price
2	The "new & improved" Iowa Cafe leaves a lot to be desired.  The restaurant has moved from it's former location into an old vacant fast food drive-thru establishment (I believe it used to be an Arby's).  My husband and I have been on & off again customers over the years and have never had any major complaints about the wait times, food or service levels. After driving through the area a few weeks back, we noticed the new signage, "Iowa Cafe," and we're both thinking, "Cool, they're moving" and we were excited to come back.  Well, with much disappointment I must say, our experience was sub-par at best, which is NOT at all what we were expecting.  We arrived, placed our name on the waiting list, which in all we maybe waited 10 mins (if that), so that was a thumbs up.  Then we were seated at a 2-top by the exit door, which looked like the space would best serve a newspaper rack and a couple of gum ball machines, rather than a spot to enjoy a meal (thumbs down).  We were seated by the owner and quickly greeted by the waitress who filled our drink order (2 coffees).  When she returned, we quickly ordered; my husband a 2 meat omelet and I ordered 1 pancake, 2 sausage links with 1 scrambled egg, nothing too complicated, right?  Wrong!  After finishing up our 2nd cup of coffee having waited over 20 minutes we began to wonder where our food was, just then an older couple was seated across from us in an equally poor spot.  (On a side note, when we were seated a young couple with a baby in a highchair were sitting in this spot, when the owner came by and moved them to another table stating that it is a fire hazard to seat anyone there). About 15 minutes later, the couple who was sat across from us received their food.  The older man quickly said, "Have you folks received your food yet?"  We smiled and politely said, "no, not yet."  Then he said, " you know we've been going to the Iowa cafe for over 30 years!"  And after a few minutes of chit-chat, we settled back into our tables.  Now, finishing our 4th cup of coffee, our wait time had surged to over 40 minutes.  We had a vet appointment for our dog at 1:45pm, it was now 1:05pm, not able to wait any longer and seeing no signs of our food, watching table after table receiving theirs, we finally flagged down our waitress and said, "we never received our food, we've been waiting 45 mins!"  The waitress looked shocked (however, keep in mind she was filling our coffee cups the whole time and serving others around us whom she helped AFTER us)..  The waitress did do the right thing, she comped our coffees and didn't charge us for the food we never received.  At that point, we up and left even more hungry than we had come, but now had nothing in our tummies to offset our extreme coffee buzz.  This may have been an oversight, but having said nothing is worse than keeping us informed or admitting a mistake was made.  We will not be back.
2	Mediocre food, slow service... My wife and I went to lunch and it took forever to get a cheeseburger and a salad.
3	Food was not awful, but atmosphere and basics lacking. Always leery of a place that has fountain iced tea.
2	What friendly happy people....Love the customer service.The food was not great, matter of fact it was a bit disappointing.  However times are tough and these people are doing what they can to provide cheap filling food.I had the breaded pork special and it was average.  Pies were well received and the smiles kept coming all night.   I will try this place again but I will stick with the breakfast menu that is served all day.
4	Awesome locally owned mom-and-pop type diner.  My wife and I went there for breakfast last night (breakfast served all day!).  I got the pancakes, my wife got the biscuits and gravy.  We were both very happy with the food, the portions, and the price.  The service was a little slow, but we also came during the dinner rush (which, with the number of retired folks in the area, is pretty early).  I'll be back, no question.
3	The place was real busy but we were greeted right away.  This was my first time there and I thought the food was pricey for a cafe. I had the biscuits and gravy, one egg, bacon and my signature item of choice, pancakes. The eggs were fluffy and hot, bacon was good sausage gravy was fine, I needed more black pepper on it but that's a personal choice.  the pancake however left much to be desired.  Could not cut it with a fork.  I tried my husbands home fries and they were also very good.  I am going to go back one more time to try the omelette and that will help me decide if I go back.
4	Great home cooked food. Best tenderloin sandwich there is. Even better than my grandmas (but I didn't tell you that). And HUGE too. Nice owners/waiters and good prices.
3	A mixed bag of goods and bads.  Their "new" location (at Higley and Brown) is a building formerly occupied by an Arby's; they moved in just after Christmas 2011, and you would think the new facility would be pretty spiffy because they would take time to fix it up so cute.  Not so!  It still looks like a tired and shabby Arby's, all scuffed up and untidy and frankly not very clean.  So, ambiance is a maybe a 2.  Now, prices are most reasonable, so for value I give them a 4+ rating, as in this economy, you want them to be easy on your wallet.  But, on the down side, the quality of what you get for a really low price is not so good, so my rating there is 1 1/2.  I took one of my pork chops home, but in the end just threw it out as it was tough, like leather.  Wait staff was great, attentive, and right on with answers, so I give them a 4.  The one saving grace amongst all these mixed ratings is certainly their PIE.  That, for sure, is a solid 5 stars and makes up for their lesser ratings.  I had their apple pie, um mm.  My wife had a different pie, and she ate it so fast I did not have a chance to sample it so I can't tell you what it was.  I hope the Iowa Cafe management continues to improve this place, and perhaps is will time to catch the rhythm of running a cafe.
4	Iowa Cafe is one of those places I always saw and wished to stop but never did. Someone from our church had told us that it had reopened under new management and in a different location. Then, we heard other friends talk about it and said that it was good with a down-home feeling. Well, one Sunday after church my whole family decided to go there for lunch. We all liked it!!My husband ordered the meat loaf and he said that it remainded him of back home (Ohio) so I guess that's good. The food option in the kids menu is good and super affordable. I ordered a small traditional breakfast with bacon and country potatoes that was good but also ordered  a cinnamon roll to share with everybody that it was amazing!! Just make sure you ask for it to nice and warm. Overall, our first experience there has been nice. Service is great and super friendly!! We're definitely going back!!
2	My husband likes to find what he calls "quirky" places to go to for dinner for his birthday. He picked The Iowa Cafe this year, probably because he's from Iowa. He had the all you can eat fish and said the fish was pretty good, fries were terrible. I made the mistake of ordering their turkey sandwich, which, according to the menu, was supposed to be "special". It was not. It was turkey lunch meat and the bread was stale. I could only manage to eat 1/2. It would have cost me probably $1.00 to make this at home but it was $8.00 there. And yes, the fries were awful. Tasted like elementary school food. We didn't try the pie, which I hear is very good. I will also say the wait staff was friendly, but a little slow. I doubt we will go there again. And for sure...don't anyone order the turkey sandwich!
4	To be fair I have only eaten breakfast here but have been back again and again and again.  The portions are large, the food is good and hearty and the 4 egg omelets are the best anywhere.  Fluffy, always cooked to perfection and delicious.  The other day I had the chicken friend steak for breakfast with eggs and gravy it too was wonderful.  The restaurant used to be in a different location.  They have recently moved to the Higley location and the place is spotless and with all new everything.  It is always busy or almost full but because the service is good people move in and out and we have never had a problem getting a table.  From my perspective this place is just an awesome breakfast stop, a place you can go every weekend.  The staff is friendly and nice, the owner is always around greeting people and being accessible.  Good work and thanks for being in Mesa where places like this one are few and far between.
3	I went here for breakfast.  Ordered two eggs, corned beef hash, and toast.  It was okay.  I do not know if this would be considered "Iowan" style.  I am originally from the Northwestern corner of Illinois, on the Iowa border.  I do not know if I would call it "Iowa" style.  The food was okay.
4	Fried pork tenderloin sandwich!!! If your from the Midwest you know what I'm talking about. That is the only thing I've had here and it's the best I have found in the PHX area after looking for 5 years.
2	This is the 2nd time I've been to this place. The first time was in their old location and we had a pretty bad experience and then we went again since they've moved and not much else has changed.Welcome to death's waiting room ladies and gentleman! (hold for trumpets)First of all this place is always packed so prepare to wait to sit.  Once seated expect to continue to wait forever for your food. We decided to sit at the breakfast bar where you have full access to the kitchen window, this was probably the best part of our experience - talk about entertainment. The waitresses are constantly stressed and do they bitch and moan- totally unprofessional.   After about 30 min. of watching "the kitchen window movie" we realized that we still hadn't gotten our food (we ordered simple dishes: 2 egg/hashbrowns  and I got a side of cinnamon bun french toast).  The person sitting next to us who came in long after was already eating.  When I asked what the deal was she said his meal was super simple that's why he got his before us. "You two ordered omeletes right?" Umm no we didn't...oh and  wait, stop, hold up...let me get this straight so people who order biscuits and gravy and french toast get to eat before people who order eggs and french toast? Well ok I'll make sure to get that next time then! Now that we know the secret our experience should be much better.We finally got our food after 40 min and it was wrong.  (boo! I'm starving!)   After going through all of that the food was just ok. The homefries are good but the rest was sub par.  The "homemade" cinnamon roll they used for the french toast was chewy and dry and the ham my husband ordered looked a lot like spam meat to me.  After all the waiting and drama this place just isn't worth it.  I should note that our waitress was very nice and did a pretty good job even though she was slammed but I bet it was b/c we were literally  sitting in her face at the breakfast bar and even in that location we never got a refill on our waters or coffee...ok so never mind she wasn't good either.  She did comp some of my meal which was a nice gesture though I would have demanded that if she didn't offer anyway.Additional Tip: For all you omelete eaters out there, they cook them then microwave them before they're served. I'm really not a fan of microwaved eggs so I thought I'd pass that nugget along.  Sitting in front of the Kitchen window can certainly be enlightening...and gross.
4	Have been going here for years, both the old location and now the new. The new is much more open and airy. Sometimes busy, but food is consistent and always good. Love their fried potatoes and omelettes.
1	The food here stinks! I will never go back again! Don't waste your time and money there are other restaurants with better quality food!
3	We are from Iowa so we thought it would be fun to go to the Iowa cafe. It was charming with the Iowa souvenirs. Wait staff very friendly. I ordered the Iowa tenderloin and upgraded to jumbo. We received it in a reasonable amount of time, started eating then was told we got the wrong order and someone else got our jumbo. Waitress told us we would get a piece of pie to compensate for the mistake. Ok, that was fine. But when we got the bill we still had to pay for jumbo. I was disappointed. I thought I would only pay for regular since that is what I received and pie was comped for the mistake. Anyway the tenderloin was good. I would go back again but would send back any mistake they made.
1	Im dining in the restaurant as we speak- note to self- don't come here again. When you walk in it's confusing- everyone is cramped into the front or in a little door entrance It took the server 10 minutes to approach our table and take our orderFood took 20-25 min to get to us, I ordered the biscuits and gravy and clearly the gravy was from a can with about 2 specs of sausage in it. I sent it back and they offered me some more toast or home fries. No thanks. Price seems kind of high for a breakfast place especially since the food sucks. 8.00 for biscuits and gravy with toast and hash browns. Go somewhere else before your disappointed like I am.
3	This place was ok. We were driving around trying to find a place to try in our new neighborhood and for some reason the building here sort of stood out. It didn't really...we were just hungry.When you walk in, as the name suggests, you're overwhelmed with Iowa stuff which is interesting. To your right would be a bar (in terms of sitting at the bar to eat your meal) and a couple TVs). To your front and left is the seating which doesn't have any kind of privacy. You could be inches away from the table next to you.Sitting there looking over the menu kind of reminded me of Joe Pesci from My Cousin Vinny when they ordered breakfast: "we'll take two breakfasts". There is plenty to choose from it just felt limited at the same time, if that makes sense.The service was good.The food itself was nothing to write home about. We'll only come back if we want that midwest/southern feel.
5	Everything from the service to the food is spectacular!!! The wait staff make you feel like family and the food is like mom cooked it with love, but even better. Seriously THE BEST Biscuts and cinnamon roll I've EVER had. I'm a super picky eater and breakfast is my favorite meal so the fact that I love this place says a lot. Don't miss out on this place and if you get the cinnamon roll top it with nuts and raisins... you will not be disappointed! Don't let the decor and simple building fool you! It not be as fancy as Over Easy or decorated like Hen House, but it's soooo much better than both! So what are you waiting for? Get your Iowa Cafe on people!BTW, for those that can't stand public bathrooms, like me, you will be impressed with this one. The sink in the bathroom is beautiful and everything is very clean! :)
1	Went out for breakfast on a Sunday morning and decided to give the Iowa cafe another try.  We were sat and ignored.  Other patrons came in, sat, water and drinks served and still no one came by.  We waited ten minutes and walked out.   Done with this place.
1	Don't like.  Cramped. The help is rude and loud. The waitress dressed like a tramp and the food was average.  Loud TVs.  Too many people.  Heard the waitresses personal life to other staff.  Won't go back. Like ever ever again.
3	The Iowa Cafe isn't amazing, but it's a decent choice for breakfast in Northeast Mesa. I'm not a huge breakfast fan in general, but I do enjoy their biscuits and gravy. They're about as close to homemade as possible. The menu seems pretty typically Midwestern. Portions are large and the fare is very hearty. Service is pretty hit and miss. During the winter it's packed with snowbirds-but what isn't in this neighborhood?- and wait times can be lengthy.
4	Reminded me of home. Good food. Service was a little slow but in the Midwest people don't rush so gave you even more that Midwest experience.
