4	I have insurance so I can't really stand up with or against the previous review on that point.  Though I have had good experiences with their billing department. I seldom have to wait very long in the waiting room, but getting an appointment is hard.  I often have to schedule way out bc they are booked.  I have been seeing Dr. Dohring for a year now.  I think he is a great Dr., but he seemed to think I was exaggerating my pain.  I have a high pain tolerance so most people don't know I am in pain, so I can actually see why.  Anyway, he's not my favorite Dr, because sometimes I have to push him to get him to do the tests etc that I want, but he has always in the end done it.  He figured out what was wrong with me, sacroiliac dysfunction.  If you google you can see it is hard to diagnose so I'm going to give him a pass for a the first couple visits thinking I was exaggerating since he did still follow through with everything rather than just send me on my way like other Dr's over the past couple years have.  It's a relief to have a diagnosis and I have been getting it treated by Dr. Rowley from the Spine Institute down at Scottsdale Healthcare as well.  Dr Rowley is a very kind man who really cares about his patients and in doing a quality job.  I appreciate how nice, thorough, and informative he is.   I have come to the conclusion that it's only worth my time to go to specialists bc all other Dr's never know what the heck is going on if it's not in the, say, 10 top things people go to the Dr for.  Anyway, I am so so grateful for this place because they have found the diagnosis that no one else could.  I am currently recovering from a nerve burn Dr Rowley did in my back a week ago.  Hopefully I can heal up and finally not be in pain every moment of every day and night now.  I'm only 29 and have been dealing with this for two years so it would be so nice to have my life back again, to finally be active again.  They have been good about prescriptions too, getting back to myself or my pharmacy promptly for refills (except for one time but no one is perfect I guess) which I appreciate.  Since I have little kids the lack of hassle is so appreciated.
5	We have been flying out to AZ for five years for Dr. Dohring. He is the best lumbar specialist in the country. This is the place to go for difficult procedures!
2	The front staff and nursing staff is amiable enough.  The doctor I dealt with was also was pleasant enough, however he did seem to be more concerned with his reputation in the medical community or with getting a requested treatment denied by the insurance company rather than fixing my back injury.  They're nice enough generally speaking that I'd hoped to give them a good review but when I see a doctor I expect results....Or at least a viable plan of action that will treat both the short and long term issues.  Initially this was the case but they fizzled out short in my case so far and they do not seem willing to change their minds at this point.
3	No meds here. They will fix you with therapy not drugs.  Will see if my son, which is why we were there, gets good advice.
5	Just to be clear...I am writing this review based on my own experience and no one has asked me to write it.  I had XLIF surgery 3 months ago to correct a slipped vertebra in my lumbar area. Dr. Mark Wang and the Spine Institute staff were great to deal with from diagnosis through post-surgery visits. Dr. Wang laid out my options and it was my decision to have the surgery--no pressure. I was lucky enough to have zero problems and now thanks to Dr. Wang I have zero pain.  Everyone's case is different but my procedure went remarkably well--I can't say enough positive things about Dr. Wang and the Spine Institute. If you're suffering with back pain, get a consultation.
4	Very efficient staff, friendly too. Had up wait for my appointment but that's to be expected of most doctor offices.  Receptionist was friendly so was the nurse who took me in and the xray technician.  I really liked the Bill Balogh, PA, he was very friendly and made me feel comfortable.  It was my first time at this clinic but he made it A-OK!  Dr. Dohring himself was nice too, he seemed to really know right away as to what was wrong with me and gave his diagnosis along with Bill Balogh. The only negative on this place was their appointment scheduling, not conducive  for people who have 8-5 working hours...  nice staff, nice people.
1	Mostly Mediocre. Ive been going here for searing back pain for the past few years. They prescribed an MRI and its a disc problem - Unfortunately every time I go in and they recommend treatment, they tell me they will call my insurance and schedule me when they get an approval. The first time I waited two months and never got a return call. When I finally reached out, I got scheduled and had some injections. (the billing was of course, botched until I had to straighten things out). After a series of injections and some initial relief, the pain came roaring back. I went in again and the doctor recommended an ablation and we had the same conversation about how they would get in touch with me..THREE MONTHS AGO. So I call a week ago, am told to leave a message and still no return call. Clearly its time to go elsewhere. This is not a comment on the doctors..the diagnosis and treatment recommendations were appropriate. After that It's nothing but wasted time and lingering pain. If I treated people like this, I would have gone out of business years ago. It has become clear to me, that this corporate style of treatment is not for me or anybody who is looking for caring, diligent treatment and follow up.
