4	I noticed the old the greek spot that used to be here had been replaced so being that i lived down the street and drive by this place almost everyday i had to try it out. Format of the store was almost exactly the same as before which is perfect. Plenty of seating, chicago themed of course, a nice TV and nice people working.  Also have to give props to the RC Cola Machine.As a first timer i was suggested to try the house special, Italian Beef so i figure why not. This unfortunately does not come with fries so i ordered garlic parmesan fries for a side (around $3).  I don't normally order this but i must say it was pretty good. they give you a pretty good portion of meat and peppers but the only thing that bothered me was how soggy the bread got from the juices. this may be appealing to others but to me it was a little too messy. the crinkle fries were served perfectly and were dusted with their garlic parmesan powder which was very delicious (will order every time).  Of course i was with my GF and she ordered the Italian sausage. i had a few bites and it was also very good. nice size but also had the soggy bun from the juices.All in all it was a pleasant experience.  I will for sure be coming back to try more items.  Next time perhaps it will be the double dog or double sausage...until next time...
4	Luke's is fantastic!I have eaten at several places like Luke's over the years, so I was happy to see this open up as I live nearby.  The decor is simple, but nice (great HD TV).  The workers were friendly and funny.  Most important, the food was great.  I will become a regular here, you can count on it.Try the bratwurst...you won't be disappointed.
5	What a surprising treat! I had seen a good restaurant come and go in this location so in an effort to support the newcomer, my girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch on a whim.From the moment we stepped in the experience was terrific. To begin with, the cashier immediately greeted us and, finding we were new, recommended (with all apparent sincerity and business sense) the beef & sausage combo sandwich. They have a sweet or spicy option for peppers and as we couldn't decide the owner approached to help ensure everything flowed smoothly, suggesting we could have the spicy peppers on the side.The sandwich and fries we ordered easily fed both of us and the quality of the meat was incredible. Authentic rich flavors perfectly complimented one another and we found ourselves drenching the sandwich in the wonderful and authentic Chicago pepper dressing. The restrooms and restaurant were clean and pleasant - everything top notch.
4	Todd H. - I'm with you on this one.  My semi-annual trips to Chicago require a trip to Portillos where I order 1 beef sandwich w/hot AND sweet pappers, 1 tamale, 1 Chicago style hot dog and an order of onion rings.  No, I don't eat them all, but I have a bite of each!  Luke's beef sandwich isn't exactly Portillos and you may have put your finger on it with the bread.  And what they put on the beef sandwiches is not giardiniere - close, but not quite.  I think they think people in AZ don't know what giardiniere is and are afraid to use it.   I do like Luke's better than Al's and it is as close as Arizona is going to get to Portillos.  If you can't make it to Illinois for Portillos, there are a couple of them in and near Buena Park, CA.  I have been tempted to take a road trip over there - it's that good.  But back to Luke's - the fries are great, the hot dogs are great and the tamales are good.
4	Been to the Luke's in Chandler at least 6 times since they opened, including the first day....and they have only been open a short time :)...So I can say I am a fan of the place for sure. They know it too!! It used to be Daphne's Greek restaurant and one day I noticed it was Luke's and we decided to try it. I just got back from a trip to Chicago and cannot find anything like the Chicago style hotdogs that they have in Chicago....except for Luke's. I can say they are pretty spot-on from the 2 places I had dogs while on my trip. One of them was O'Hare airport and I don't recommend ordering a dog from there...yuck!!Ok, so back to Luke's, MMMMMM....also had the zucchini (which they always yell back to the cooks), garlic and parm fries, a double dog, and the dipped italian beef...and NO I didn't order all of this at once. As for the Italian Beef, I HAD to try that after watching some episode of Man Vs. Food and he was enjoying it so much.....I promptly went down to Luke's (which is totally conveniently located by me), and ordered some. I liked it soggy...could have even been soggier for my taste but it was good. Peppers were HOT so I was glad I had ordered them on the side. What can I say, I am a gringa!! Staff is always friendly and I always talk to the owner when I am in there.Recommended for anyone who wants a Chicago experience here in AZ.The only reason I am not eating at Luke's every week is because I am trying to eat healthy.....trying :)
2	From the reviews it looks like I hit Luke's on a bad night. The food was decent, but I think it might've tasted better if the prices weren't so high. The employees were friendly enough, but they were more concerned with joking around than they were with making food and getting it out in a timely and efficient manner. (The customers who arrived shortly after us ordered the same menu items we did yet they received their food a good five minutes before us.) When we arrived at 5pm on a Saturday the place was empty but the front dining room wasn't clean and the drink area was a mess and not properly stocked with drink lids & straws. I think I've said this in previous reviews, but dirty tables are a huge turn off to me. I can understand if the restaurant is slammed and tables are dirty because people are getting up and other people have to grab tables immediately, but this obviously wasn't the case. Oh and make sure you read the whole menu on the wall, because they have items that aren't listed on their website and on the paper menu that is floating around on the counter.
4	Love, love love Lukes.I'm a big fan of the original downtown.  The Scottsdale location is good, but not as good as the original - although it has gotten better and closer in quality as time goes on.  I feel like places like these need to be open for awhile to let the grease cook up and "season"  the grills and equipment a bit before the quality can match the original places.  The first time I tried the Scottsdale location, it was mediocre.  I tried it again 6-7 months later, and it was worlds better.This did NOT apply to the Lukes in Chandler.  The quality, in my opinion was *every* bit as good as the original downtown (my wife didn't fully agree, but did admit it was close).  Not to mention, the Chandler location is big, open, airy...it's new, it's clean...and not too many people realize that it's there yet.  We were there on a Sunday afternoon and there were only a couple other people there.  I can't imagine that will continue forever, but we enjoyed the less-hectic nature of it for now.The beef and sausage combo with sweet peppers and grilled onions, with provolone...is my absolute favorite.  It is a messy, sloppy, greasy, delicious combination.  Love the ore-idea crinkle cut fries as well.  If you're a fan of the original...you will not be disappointed with this one.
1	Lowdown :Really greasy and bad tasting sandwichJust noticed that Lukes had opened inthe place of the greek restaurant next to paradise bakery. On walking in I noticed that the choice of sanwiches was compact, which was good I had only a few things to choose from, beef, sausage or egg and some combination of these.Asked for the egg and peppers sanwich. For people conversant in cooking they will know that making good tasting egg requires precision. Sadly this was lacking in the product I got. The egg was overtly salty but the peppers and onions were not seasoned. Any ametuer cook knows that it should always be the opposite. Also by choosing the egg/peppers combo it allowed me to see how greasy the bun was that it came in (never a good sign). I'm sure all these would have been masked had I gone with the meat offerings. I also agree that the service sucks if not for the son? Josh.
1	I grew up and lived in Chicago for over 42 years, so I think I am a pretty good judge of what makes a good beef sandwich and hotdog. However the sandwich at this place that tries to pass it's self off as a Chicago beef is simply disgusting. It had the worst aftertaste, and why? Beef should not have a funky after taste.The hot giardiniera was gross, not even something as good as what you can find at any Chicago grocery store.The hotdog was Vienna, I believe, and it tasted average.Overall this place is super expensive (almost $7.00 for a beef, what???) for what you get and tastes bad... Do yourself a favor and go to Al's in Scottsdale or Al's Chicago Style Hot Dogs & More in Gilbert for a real Chicago beef and hotdog. Don't waste your money here.
4	Being from Chicago, and the fact that I LOVE italian beef sandwiches, I've been on the hunt for something worthy since I moved to Arizona about a year ago.  This is the best beef sandwich place in the East Valley, hands down.  I prefer to order my beef "dry, with extra cheese, a side of beef juice, and a side of hot peppers".  This way the bread isn't too soggy, and you can dip the sandwich as much, or as little, as you want.  Their chili cheese dog is also very excellent(they actually started selling their chili by the bowl last week and my girlfriend loves it).  The chili dog comes with fries, and I order a side of cheese to dip mine into.I can't wait to try everything else on the menu!It's also a very clean atmosphere, with Chicago memorabilia throughout(plenty of Cubs stuff, but lacking ANY Sox stuff...I almost docked this place a star because of that).
4	Got a polish, chicago style.  YUM!  The sausage casing snapped when I bit in, and it was juicy and flavorful.  YUM!  I've had chi-town dogs from every establishment I can find, and Lukes rates pretty high on my list.
4	So I'm not from Chicago, but this place makes me wish I was, except for the fact I hate the Bears and Cubs. The Italian beef sandwiches are good, but the Italian beef and sausage combo is the sandwich that is taking years off my life. The thing is huge and so damn good. Get it with the hot peppers/giardiniera. I almost never have room, but the fries here are the crinkle cut type that remind you of the ones your mom used to make, except these ones are good, fried to perfection. The Chicago dogs are great too, they have the right buns, relish, sport peppers and of course the Vienna Beef dogs. The one thing I wish these guys had was beer. Nothing washes down an artery clogging meal like a nice cold beer. I mean, you're not going there to get healthy, so why not? I'm sure as hell not going to wash that sandwich down with a diet coke, that's just not an option.
5	Awesome. Nice little taste of home. I tried their italian sausage and was thoroughly impressed. And the fries are awesome.
5	Italian Beef sandwich is AMAZING!  I dream about it!
4	Once I saw that I could get a Lukes of Chicago Italian beef right up the street it was a must stop spot. Walking in it smelled really good tons of choices on the menu. I stepped up to the counter to order the guy seemed less than happy to be there at this time. I ordered the Italian beef and sausage combo with the hot giardiniera with an order of fries. The bread was really fresh and the sandwich was so good even the fries were good and I am not a fan of crinkle cut fries. So if you want a great Italian beef this is the place come hungry it's filling.
1	was just in there ....tried to charge me 13 dollars for a hot dog and chili cheese fries ...walked out...use the go all the time ....the manager was really rude ....I will be calling the owner ....never going back ...LUKES you have lost my business forever
4	When I'm in the mood for a good hotdog this is the place to go. Always friendly staff and consistently great food. Slightly expensive for what it is but totally worth it. Thanks Luke's!
4	I have eaten here several times and will definitely keep coming back. Great hot dogs and especially love the chili dog.  Another thing that is really good is their italian sausage, eggs and peppers sandwich.  Very good food and service and love that it is in the east valley.
3	Ok, so this place gets some mad props for A) having vienna beef (the best!), B) Having the neon green relish (why can't I buy this at the store?!?!), and C) RC cola on tap. All very good things. The bad part is that the restaurant itself wasn't the cleanest, all of the tables were dirty and there were very few customers in the shop, and the fries were a little soggy. Overall, this place is good, but it's not the best chicago hot dog place I have been to in phoenix.
5	My dad used to take me to the one in Tucson when I was little and I LOVED it. When I moved to Phx I looked for one and was so bummed that there weren't any. And then it opened right down the street from me! Good quality beef, not that fatty crap that some places serve. I like their hot italian beef sandwich with extra hot peppers! So good and so filling. One of those is like breakfast, lunch and dinner for me. It's family-owned, too! I think it's operated by the guy's grandchildren or something. So happy there's one in Chandler now!
3	Simply ok. Their Italian Beef isn't bad but its not great either. Had more flavors than Lobbys but their hot peppers are weird (there is cucumber in the mixture?!?) and the bread does not hold up to the jus. I ordered an Italian beef not dipped, yet the bread was super soggy from just the meat jus. Additionally, I like grilled onion on my Italian Beef and that was not even an option on the menu. Even though i think Taylor Street is better, I would come here again because its closer and the hubby says he doesn't mind it.
5	What can I say about Luke's other than its amazing. Don't come here if you're on a diet but the Italian beef is amazing and the fries are delish!!!!
3	Ate here today for the first time.  I had the italian beef and fries.  I ordered the sandwich with provolone and bell peppers.  The peppers were just a big slab on each half, not really charred and they didn't add much to the sandwich.  I think they forgot to put the cheese on.    The sandwich seemed to be about half doused in the jus.  The fries are crinkle cut and frozen.  The sandwich was huge, I could have done with just half of it.  My friend had cheese fries and enjoyed them.  I will probably go back again and try a dog or maybe the hot peppers on the beef sandwich.
3	it was just ok nothing spectacular. had the chicago dog, the bun fell apart on me. the price for that and the fries were not bad at all. they do sell the chicago relish and sport peppers there so when i run out of mine i know where to go get them.
3	been back twice and had a burger and a dog,  Both were good.   3-stars means A-Ok and I think that fits the place.
4	The italian beef sammy is awesome!! Along with the onion rings.  My one dislike was that they tables are in desperate need of refinishing, as they are kind of gummy feeling.
2	Food was okay, service sucks. Took close to 10mins to take our order, (nobody in front of us) not even acknowledgement that we were waiting. Forgot our drinks.
3	I drive past this place all the time so I decided to finally try it. I was surprised with the menu, it wasn't what I expected but overall it was alright. The service was great and I liked the atmosphere. Nothing spectacular about it though. I tried the turkey sandwich and some fries, which were okay.
1	I had one of their Italian beef sandwiches on 3/8/13 with two co-workers who ordered the same sandwich and two hours later we all had similar intestinal problems. No extra charge for the colon cleanse.
3	For those craving Chicago style eats, Luke's is a decent option for Italian beef and Chicago dogs. We ate here for lunch and I had the junior beef with chili cheese fries. I also tried some of the Chicago dog. The junior beef was a pretty hefty portion of meat and bread. The sandwiches come with just meat, and if you want provolone, hot, or sweet peppers it will be $.60 extra per topping. I opted to have it with hot and sweet peppers, but I think the provolone would have helped the sandwich taste even better.The bread was good. It had a crusty, yet chewy quality, which held up to the juices and broth from the beef. The beef was tender, and a generous heaping, but I would have liked some more flavor in the broth to bring an even greater dimension to the sandwich. The sandwich seemed like it was dipped half-way, since one side was juicy while the other was dry. I would have liked the sandwich to be dipped more so that it was uniformly soaked in rich brothy goodness. Compared to another Italian beef I've had in the Phoenix area at Lobby's in Tempe, while the portions are bigger at Lukes, I like the taste of the sandwich better at Lobby's as a whole. I liked the Chicago dog better than the Italian beef. It had all the right condiments, right down to the peppers and poppy seed bun. The hot dog itself was cooked just right, with a lot of flavor. In Chicago dog-dom, I crown Luke's the winner vs. Lobby's version.Since we were on a limited time schedule for lunch, we appreciated the lightning quick service as our meals were ready as soon as we filled up our soda drink and sat down. One thing to also note is that the free range soda fountain has RC products, and Hires root beer (I didn't even know they still made that root beer!)
5	I am a Philly Cheese Steak snob and Lukes just blows me away. The best beef sandwich in town! Beef sandwich, sweet peppers, provolone... Mmmmmm. The sandwich is dripping wet! Just writing this makes me crave it!!!!!!
4	awesome portions of beef, i ordered the french dip and literally was sick of Arby's, this place rocks, i'll have to try the Chicago style dog next!
3	I was in the area and couldn't decide what to eat. So the mom and pop your of neighborhood place gained my vote.I had the meatball sub with fries.It was pretty decent and the price was ok. Not a bargain but ok.The food was average although the bread had butter which was kind of awkward. I mean, isn't there enough fat in the cheese and meatballs? (Plus the fries)Anyways, is you're in the neighborhood and want to support local business, this is your place.Just don't expect to have cravings of the food once in a while.Cheers
4	great spot for some good Chicago grub... Italian beef with cheese is what I come for ajus sauce always on the side and must have the jardiniere pickle also put on side.. Love the Fried zucchini..
4	Pretty much the same good old greasy food as their original place on Indian School in Phoenix although with smaller sandwich portion size.  Don't go if you have a tender stomach, this heaven on earth is for grease food junkies.
2	First of all, I'm pretty sure this place is closed. Not just closed but no longer in business. I drove by recently and saw the signs in the window "For Lease". Based on my last experience at Luke's, I know why. I've been to Luke's many times before and always had solid food. The customer service is minimal at best but nothing bad to report per say. I raved and raved about this place to my boyfriend and so we finally stopped by one night. He ordered the Italian beef and it was literally the driest meat I've ever seen/tasted. It did not appear the meat had been soaked in anything and the sandwich was so dry! I was so disappointed he got this sandwich because I've tried their Italian beefs before and they were good. I don't know if they stopped caring because they know they were going to close down or if they forgot to soak the meat. So, I now have a different opinion of Luke's, especially since Portillo's are popping up nearby.
