3	Typical breakfast joint in the middle of a plaza outside Montreal. There was a silly lineup on Sunday late morning and I gotta say while the food was good, it really isn't worth the wait.They have some good combos that are MMassive, with eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, toast, AND a pancake filled with fruits and chocolate or cream.All in all, I'll have to say goodbye mon coco, never again.
5	Lineup always moves very fast if there is one, amazing food, huge portions, good prices. The coffee is good. The eggs are always amazing unlike a lot of places. And the service is incredible once you are seated your coffee mug will not go dry.
4	Go there on a Sat. or Sun. morning and yes, you will wait, but the line does move quick. You'll be seated by the time you finish checking emails and messages you missed the night before on your smart phone because the music was either too loud or the vodka was flowing nicely wherever it was you were partying.Once served, this breakfast will hit the spot and that rubbery feeling brought on by a lack of sleep will subside.  Depending on what you order, you will either be ready to take advantage of the day or just find a nice couch for an afternoon kip.Take your pick on either but Mon Coco does breakfast right.  Good portions, great combinations, quick service and fair prices.  This is the model of what every breakfast place should be.  Chez Cora, Tuti Fruiti et al, take notes.... you've slacked long enough and the name Cora can only take you so far for so long.Pancakes are meant to be soft and break apart with a fork, do you hear me Cora.... I shouldn't have to use a steak knife to cut them.Fruit should be fresh and in season... offering berry coulies and english cream on everything is not my idea of fresh and seasonal!Filling my plate with a mountain of smashed potatoes does not interest me either, a small tasty portion is sufficient, leave me some room for the heart of my order.  You listening Cosmopolitan!Using large eggs is expected if my hankering is a standard bacon and eggs dish.  The use of pee wee/small eggs is not going to score you big points, did you get that Ben & Florentine!All in all, for the scrap out there who do nothing but breakfast, this is one line worth waiting for to avoid disappointment.  My only other recommendation is to wait at Beauty's, but you'll be sipping your coffee and dipping your toast much sooner at Mon Coco.  You'll also save a few loonies over Beauty's but miss out on the charm.
4	This is easily my favorite breakfast restaurant in Laval. Long lines are very common, but it moves along at a fairly quick pace. In an ever increasing world of lousy breakfast restaurants, coco is head & shoulders above the rest.
5	This is my favourite breakfast spot in Laval (and most of Montreal, for that matter).  The food and quality of the ingredients have been consistently good over the (many) years I've been coming here. On the weekends, you'll definitely want to be there before 10 or 10:30, or there will be an out-the-door lineup. The staff is friendly and efficient, and your coffee cup will rarely be empty.  There's a wide variety of items on the menu, from the classic eggs and bacon (around $6) to the "good morning" (a cinnamon brioche with an egg on one side and a mountain of fruit and english cream on the other, served with bacon, home potatoes and toast, around $11) and "the American" (you guessed it, steak and eggs). The crepes (around $9-12) are thin and delicious, and have fillings including apple and cheddar, fruit and English cream and a meat filled omelette.  The portions are pretty generous  - head on over if you're hungry.
3	Everyone raves about this place and I'm not a huge fan. They put cheese on their potatoes.. you can ask any place to add cheese on your potatoes. I had a 3 cheese omelette and was super disappointed. It was tasteless.
5	HOLY MoLYi wouldn't mind driving all the way to montreal from boston just to come to allo mon coco. This is the 5-star version of the ghetto IHOP Let's start by saying the service is amazing. Our server was so cute and friendly! She knew how tired I was and kept that coffee rolling. Never saw the bottom of my cup. The menu is huge, and you really don't realize how big the portions are until they come out. The waffles are so fluffy and delicious! Topped with a million strawberries, and you can even choose to have nutella on top. The house fries are so good! Sort of like chunky mashed potatoes. YUMMMThe crepe my friend got was also really good. Thicker than usual, and stuffed with fruits and nutella. OUT OF ALL the things we ordered, the smoked salmon omelet was by far the best. Comes with a side of fruit, sausages and potatoes. WOW, i legit walked out of here 5 lbs heavier. Now this is what I call breakfastThere was a wait on a friday afternoon around 1pm. however, the place is pretty big so traffic moves easily! MUST MUST MUST try if you are in montreal. super cheap for the portions they give as well
4	c.est ma meilleure place pour dejeuner , le service est bon sauf une chose que j aime pas chez eux c est la fille qu on fait avant de rentrer , je pense qu ils peuvent avoir un local plus grand pour satisfaire leur clientele
5	Food is always amazing. They have a great selection for breakfast and for lunch week days. The portions are huge. All produce including the fruits are always fresh year round. The staff is amazing, I've been coming here for 6 years and some of them have become part of our family. Highly recommend this location.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Allo Mon Coco yet! I have been there a million times and have never left disappointed.  The food not only tastes amazing but is presented so nice as well.This is one time I don't mind waiting in a long line to eat. The time in the line passes pretty quickly and the amazing meal more than makes up for it.If you are looking for a breakfast joint in Montreal, Laval, or the West Island you have to get your butt down to Allo Mon Coco where you always get service with a smile, a full plate of food, and it doesn't exactly break the bank either!
5	My favorite breakfast place in west island! Its not the cheapest place and it has nothing to do with healthy eating, you go there to enjoy yourself and literally pig out. Love their potatoes and the crepe filled with a banana and Nutella!
2	USED to be my go-to breakfast joint.  Nothing to do with the food but everything to do with customer service. Told they take reservations but NOT between 10am and 2pm.  Ok - I get it.  Went at 10:30 to get a table for 8 people by 11am.  While in line waiting another group comes in with a reservation!!!!  Told they accepted that reservation LAST week.  Still confused by their completely illogical explanation of their non-existent reservation policy.  I "think" you can make a reservation between 10 and 2 ONLY if it's a week in advance?!??!  Either way they won't be seeing my business again.
