5	although i've never bought anything from this store, my experiences here have always been fun, pleasant ones. the past few times that i've made it into this cute lil shoppe, i was with my hubby's cousin's gf and then my mother, my aunt and some other girlfriends. the employees are so sweet. they take their time to help you out. they try and multi-task and do it pretty well. but, they always seemed to be taking the time to my shopping experience there something a bit more personal and focused. the prices are rediculously high, for some items that i can think of like their doggy wear and wallets. otherwise, i'm used to the high prices that we are all guilty of having paid for things that end up just being "eh...or OK". their selection is pretty good, amazingly so considering their lack of space. the people are awesome. their sales are pretty awesome as well. the one thing that i wish that they had more of is their track suits. i love 'em but they don't carry 'em all and not in all the sizes that are available. i guess they can't have it all. but, i must say, awesome store!!
5	BEST JUICY STORE, EVER!!! They have great sales!!!!! Got a bracelet AND a pair of severely reduced earrings.... oh, juicy, how i love thee....
5	I visited the temporary shop sale last week and scored an extra 25% off of an already ridiculously good priced hangbag! I saved around 65% all together which is insane! And this was not at the outlet. I'm insanely happy with my new hangbag! The workers were so nice, and very helpful.
5	I love Juicy Couture and the sales people at this store are super friendly.  We came in when they were closing and the urged us to stay until we were done shopping: "take your time, really!"  I felt like such a movie star. :-)  I hurried regardless because these people need to go home.  I had a sort of personal shopper who walked with me and radioed the back when I wanted to try on this or that in my size.  I got a few items and as usual I'm super happy with them (pretty and great quality).
5	I'm a Juicy Bitch so of course i had to check out the store while i was in Vegas. The girls in the store were very helpful and nice. The store was laid out nicely and had a nice selection in everything from clothes, jewelry ( LOTS AND LOTS of charms)and even kids and baby stuff. Not as many purses as i would expect but regardless i was still in heaven.Go Juicy!
4	This is located at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.A regular priced store, not an outlet.I was never a fan of Juicy Couture till this summer. Still have no interest in their clothing items, especially the tracksuits. =/ Ehh....kinda tacky for my taste.However, their accessories (jewelry especially) are affordable and beautifully designed. Silver or gold necklaces with matching bracelets (sold separately of course) and if you got some $$$ to burn after winning at the casino, their charms are pretty cute too. I got a gold heart toggle necklace that retail for $68 not including tax and also a silver rhinestone charm for my other silver toggle necklace. (PHOTOS INCLUDED)The Juicy Couture perfume (NOT viva la juicy...it seems like everyone an their moms have that scent, and not peace, love, and couture either but THE original Juicy Couture perfume) smells really good too. I usually spray myself with that scent before leaving the store.Susan R's photo of that necklace does NOT show juicy couture justice. I'm not sure if that may be years and years ago or if that's even a legit juicy couture necklace (is it a knock-off? a wannabe juicy?) cuz when i went this summer...i did not see anything necklaces like that. If anything, it looks like a betsey johnson necklace.Anyways...im going off on a tangent here. Have fun in Vegas and happy shopping!!!!
5	I had to go ahead and spoil myself this past weekend at Juicy.  Nothing major but I've been going through some serious things and thought I needed a gift to myself for getting a bit better.The store is kind of small and I decided on some jewelry instead of clothes or a purse.  I settled on a matching bracelet and earrings for a total of $115.  Not bad at all!  There wasn't a big selection of jewelry so I didn't get anything else.The store was going to get four stars because it wasn't so big but the employees were friendly and two hours after I left and went back to my hotel, I realized I left a bag of previous purchased merchandise in the store on the floor while trying on bracelets (or paying for my purchase)! :(  I called and they told me they had the bag and since they didn't close until midnight and it was only around 10pm, I went back over there and my bag was behind their counter waiting for me.  Greatly appreciated.
5	I was here Thanksgiving Eve. Given that everything was literally 40% off, I thought the shop would be absolute chaos. Not a bit! There were ample sales associates to direct shoppers to dressing rooms and answer any questions. Each associate appeared equipped with a small communication device that allowed her to check-on stock in the back-room. (This is how I ended up with two sweaters that I thought were sold-out in my size!) And, these associates were so cheery and helpful that I hung around just a bit longer (feeling so welcome) and end-up buying much more than I should have. (This speaks volumes about this store's superior level of customer service!) What's more, I LOVE that this Juicy is not focused on those silly, outdated track suits. (But, yes, those can still be found here ... and, sure, most of us still have them ... man, they ARE comfy). Instead, the front of the store is devoted to beautiful dresses, skirts, and pants. How refreshing!And, the dressing rooms during this MAD RUSH? Immaculate! (How do they manage it?!) Moreover, the associate really did offer to bring me other colors and others sizes ... during this craziness). They were the definition of grace under fire!There is a sad little Juicy outlet (almost entirely track suits) in my area that cannot handle a quarter of this traffic. In fact, when I attempt to purchase anything there, the process takes forever ... it's ALWAYS like it is the first time anyone has ever bought anything there. Sure, it's funny, but it's also off-putting. Now, THIS (retail) Juicy store just proves that a business can be very busy and still accommodate each customer's needs ... and with style (and a smile)!Fabulous job, (Forum) Juicy Couture! I will be back during all of my visits to LV! You have made a customer for life!
5	Seriously the BEST Juicy store I've been to and I'm from Orange County, which has to mean something because we have the fashion mecca of South Coast Plaza.I've been here numerous times before and the store has grown significantly larger throughout the years. If you're looking for one of those track outfits they definitely have a variety of those. I love that this store also carries so many of their other cute  dresses and tops too. 5 stars down for the excellent service. I was most recently here on Christmas day when their wild Winter Sale was going on and this place was packed! Everywhere I went though, reps were offering help,giving suggestions,and going above and beyond to give excellent service to customers. Note that most stores (and particularly this one) only sells mostly sizes 0-10. If you're looking for anything else, you will want to buy it online,which I think sells up to a size 14. Great service, great items,and very friendly service. I can't wait to come back!
1	I love the store it is the Best Juicy Couture I ever been to so much good Sales beautiful Handbags absolutely a great place to shop was greeted nicely until they gave me the The Worst Worst Service ever I ask for a price and they told me  a great price and I was blown away after getting my stuff they told me that they had made a mistake and the prices were not right and they personally told me themselves  get more organized and Manager take your customers serious
