5	When visiting or passing through an unfamiliar place I usually ask a local person what restaurants are good because then you can really find some good places..  I have been going to this Bistro here in Wickenburg for a long time and recommend it all the time. The place is really brilliant.  It is very striking to me when an establishment is really passionate about the art of food and baking and about providing exceptional service.  This is an eclectic, independently-owned, warm, hip place that has a very "homey" feel and a lot of heart and personality (probably has to do a lot with the owner and really great people who work there) .  It's very tastefully decorated, comfortable seating, an option to sit out on the sidewalk cafe and watch downtown sights and sounds.  A variety of good music is played--  People of all ages and tastes would feel very welcome.  Someone with a real food palette can find something very interesting here just as  someone who just wants a great grilled cheese (made with croissant) and a bowl of tomato soup.  Emily, the owner, goes above and beyond to satisfy her customers with an ever-changing interesting assortment of imported italian coffee drinks, bagel and fresh-baked bread sandwiches, baklava, a variety of  traditional and mediteranean salads, cakes, quiches, soups, bagels, chocolate chip bread pudding & other deserts, ice cream, and much more.   There are always interesting specials going on.  One day may feature home made chicken noodle soup along with the other wonderful items that are always available.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place rocked my world-  the coffee was sooooo good!  I didn't sleep for two days but it's was coffee if you want it then you have to expect a little buzz!  Just watching Emily in the kitchen you know it's going to be good.  I just said I will have whatever she is making!
5	Stopped here for a late lunch after a motorcyle ride up to the mountains. It was delicious! I had the hummus chicken pita wrap. The hummus and tzaziki sauce were homemade. Service was great and the food came out quickly.
4	I spent many hours at this place this summer. Their black coffee is very good. The smoothies are intersting and a tasty refresher for the hot summer days. The cookies are average. If you really want to feel indulgent and satisfy your sweet tooth, order the cinamon roll and have it heated it up. Holy sugar rush! All in all, I have nothing bad to say about this place!
5	Very good healthy options along with some baked goods worth sinning for.Staff is super nice.By far the best dining stop I've ever had in Wickenville.Free wifi nice bonus
4	We felt very lucky to happen into this place when looking for breakfast between our campground (the beautiful Burro Creek) and Phoenix. Bedoian's is delightfully local and unique, and we found it charming. The menu is limited but good, and I was delighted to be able to get an excellent soy latte. I am always looking for places that don't play thumping music, and this one wasn't perfect but it was above average. It seems very much a family restaurant/bakery, and the service wasn't just good but helpful above and beyond the call of duty.
5	Excellent cinamon rolls, and the baklava can't be beat. Great locally owned coffee shop with a friendly local staff. They serve real italian espresso as well.I always have a great time when I go there.
3	Passing through town and wanted a good lunch. Very friendly staff. Great quiche and bistro salad. However the Shish kebob beef very tough, couldn't eat but a few pieces. Thought it was pricey for portions. I would stop again for quiche and baklava.
5	Bistro bagel sandwich was amazing!  Homemade pesto with walnuts  and homemade turkey pot pie were delicious.
5	Best lunch we've had since moving to Phoenix 4 months ago. Cute, quaint restaurant in historic Wickenburg. I had the fresh and delicious ultimate Greek salad and my husband had the quiche and shish kabob platter. All of food was wonderful! Service was excellent and only a short jaunt from Surprise. We WILL be back! Desserts look amazing but had to get them to go because we had no more room.
4	This is a high spot in town. The food, Middle Eastern, is nicely prepared. Nothing fancy, but good. The servings are good size. The service is friendly. The ambiance is delightful. The walnut chicken salad was outstanding and the clam chowder made an honest effort to be "chowda".
4	Stopped in for lunch on the way to Vegas.  We got looked over when we first sat down but they did finally get to us. Thai chicken crunch salad was delish. A few too many crunchy noodles but super fresh & yummy. Mac n cheese was very good my daughter really liked it, very cheesy. The home fries were seasoned sweet & Reg potatoes & an amazing side. They came with a ham & Swiss Croissant. Very buttery without being greasy. Looked like our server made all our food. Great service after the start. And at the end he brought us some tasters of their lemon & raspberry bars as a consolation for the wait. All forgiven! Great fresh food!
5	We stopped in on our way from Tucson to Vegas. I had the chicken salad croissant which was delicious. The croissant was perfectly buttery and the chicken salad was awesome! My mom had the creamy tomato soup with basil which was on point! It wasnt too creamy and had the perfect amount of all the seasonings! All of their salads were delicious as well. All of the staff was very friendly and you can tell they valued all their customers. I will definitely stop in next time I'm traveling through
5	We have been coming to visit Wickenburg for over a, decsde. When we are in town this is where we start the day. They have tea and coffee and good snacks. We were visiting and we got coffee and Chai tea. I had to try the baklava. It was delicious.  Lea had to try the spinach and feta cheese quiche. It was to die for. Gabriel within a few minutes had the quiche in front of him saying mmmm. The kids got ice cream and they were content. We have been here in the summer and it gets hot. Check out the oriental rugs for sale around back. They are from Iran prior to the embargo. We have two in our house.
