4	The chef, Jared Lordon, has worked for some swanky resorts up and down the east coast, so when I heard he was opening The Allegheny Smokehouse in his hometown I jumped at the chance to eat his meat. Currently the Smokehouse is limited to kielbassi and bacon and while I didn't have the bacon, I hear it's thick and meaty. The kielbassi is different than the store bought stuff for sure. It's natural casing held together a smoky wonder. It's drier than some sausage but that just demonstrates the lack of fatty fillers. I've had it smoked and au natural, heated and cooled, and it was all good. The Allegheny Smokehouse can only get better as it grows.
4	Maybe 3.5 stars, here's my lowdown.Nice folks.  Very meaty pulled pork. Great bacon though pretty strong smoke and salt flavor, that's a personal preference.  Lean and tasty kielbasa.  Pain the butt to purchase (Sundays only 12 noon - 3pm).  OK make it 4.5 stars.  What else can you say about someone so damn dedicated and passionate that you can buy locally smoked and cured bacon?  High five ACS!
5	Awesome folks, great products. I think it's kind of cool & special that you can only get stuff a few hours per week. Amazing pulled pork, ribs, smoked cheeses, etc. I'm Polish so I judge keilbasa very harshly - I'd say that technically it isn't traditional keilbasa BUT it is one of the tastiest smoked meats in a tube you'll ever eat! We just got back from a trip to New Orleans & the newly added boudin is just as good as the stuff we got there! This joint is a freaking local treasure!
5	I'm waiting for them to come out with their line of perfume cause I'd wear it.  Bacon - check.  Kielbasa - check.  More bacon - check. Buffalo chicken sausage - check.  Pulled pork - heck yeah!  Have yet to be disappointed.  Food is delicious.  Jared (Red), Kelly and team welcome you with an outdoor setup that grows every week along with the customer base.  You have to get there early cause the food goes quickly.  Great food is rounded out by a Pittsburgh 'ol school neighborhood environment - park across the street in the deserted lot, walk up the steep steps and around the side of the house to the smokehouse to discover your destiny with deliciousness.
5	These guys are the best! Everything we've tried has been great. Great ribs, amazing boudin, top notch keilbasa! Very cool, very Pittsburgh, lots of fun.
4	Utterly incredible bacon....The Kielbasi is different from any other I have had....and is wonderful...The breakfast sausage....basically a smoked sausage with some maple syrup, is, again, quite different from any other I have tried, but is wonderful.I will have to wait to try their pulled pork and ribs....but I will be going back to them time and time again to try it all.
5	Had the pleasure of eating one of Jared's on-site smoked whole pigs. Absolutely fantastic!  And a great guy to boot. Can't wait to patronize the store! If I could give more than 5 stars I would!
