4	Lovely little corner resto on Marie-Ann and St Laurent, bright, sunny with great local art and chalkboard menus. Sandwiches are delicious with grilled meats and vegetables fresh from a maple bbq grill and utterly inexpensive (6$). The name of the place made me think the menu would be full of ostriches and bison and bark, but in fact it's more like a very high quality pita stand with chicken, beef, tabbouleh, etc. Oh and I haven't tried them but apparently the fresh juices are amazing - beet and carrot! Heath kick hiYAH!
4	When you walk into Omnivore the atmosphere is without a doubt warm and inviting.  I've always been partial to restaurants on corners because of the abundance of natural light and for this Omnivore does not disappoint.  As far as Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food goes this place is one of the best I've tried in Montreal.  I had the Herbivore Platter which involves selecting any 5 vegetarian items.  I had the hummus (creamy and flavourful with a drizzle of olive oil, just as I like it), stuffed vine leaves, a quinoa and pea salad, a very fresh tabbouleh salad and a wonderfully creamy eggplant and chick pea dish.  I even got some extra caramelized onions because the staff are just that sweet!  They also have amazing smelling grilled meats like kefta which are maple wood charred. I'll be trying that next time.  And make sure you get a fresh juice while you're there.  I had a beet/apple/carrot/ginger concoction that was delicious, very reasonably priced and has probably saved me from a lurking cold virus.  Cozy, delectable, affordable!
4	So delicious! We each ordered a combination, which included a spicy lentil soup (they weren't kidding-it was spicy, but tasty!) or fattoush salad (decent portion, fresh, with very tangy dressing), a wrap, and a drink. They have 6 wraps to choose from with the combo, 2 beef, 3 chicken, and a veggie option. We got the veggie option with vegetarian pate, baba ghanoush and a variety of vegetables, and the special Bombay wrap, with chicken kofta, pineapple chutney, and cabbage. Both were good, filling, and a great way to enjoy lunch for less than $10.
4	A pleasant little tavern with pretty good wraps. "Beirut" is my favorite. Their meat is certified organic, which makes the whole concept even better. Too bad they don't serve beer. Anyways, I wish we had more places like Omnivore on the plateau.
4	Efficace et pas cher.
2	First the pros: The servers were friendly and the food was prepared relatively quickly. The hummus and pickled vegetables were good.The rest: I ordered the Beirut, a beef grilled wrap that came with hummus, cabbage in tahini, and some pickled vegetables; I also ordered a side of tabouleh.  The side was generous portion-wise, but it was really sour and it's not possible to eat that much parsley (their tabouleh comes just as a ton of marinated parsley and some diced tomatoes and onions).  When my wrap came, the beef was neither hot nor cold, just luke warm.  I was a bit worried about this so didn't eat the beef. The whole wrap was not really enough for a meal, and when I mentioned to the server that it was good except for the fact that the beef wasn't hot, he didn't have any response.  Maybe he didn't understand me, could've been a language issue...I left hungry and wouldn't be inclined to go back, however my friends ordered a plate with a bunch of different sides and seemed happier with their dish so maybe if you stay away from the meat dishes you'd be better off!
5	I had the inca sandwich, the djaj and the vege and it was amazing!!! This place is too die for. I live 15-20 mins away and drive all the way there to just have a sandwich, it's that good!!! Try it out, it's a must.
4	Great little restaurant, cool-rustic interior, chalkboard menu full of delicious Mediterranean inspired eats. Serving sandwiches or plates at inexpensive rates, everything is fresh and mouth-watering. I ordered their newly added Bombay sandwich, which is made with chicken kafta, sweet & spicy mango chutney, and other amazing fillers that make this sandwich an explosion of flavours with each bite.
5	Awesome food! Love the home made lemonade!On long afternoons (or mornings) after golf my friends and I always debate on where we should grab a bite. Normally we choose a place on St-Laurent as it is pretty central from where we are coming from. Today we went to Omnivore, a place that my friends have been raving about for quite sometime...but clearly I've never been to. I really enjoyed the food, we had lemonade(home made of course) to start while we waiting for our food to be ready. I really like it, I think there was a little bit of rose water in it...but I am not to sure! We both ate the Omnivore plate with a beef kafta. It came with a salad, rice & beans, pita chips, baba ganoush, and hummus. The baba ganoush was delicious, you really tasted the roasted eggplant.This will be a plate I will have to try again.
4	I live not very far from Omnivore, so I have been there at least three times over the past year (last time was yesterday). I go there when I want a fast, tasty, affordable, and healthy meal. On the Plateau, that's the best place I found so far to get that kind of meal. The food is really great; I enjoy middle eastern food for the subtle mix of flavors within simple dishes like a pita sandwich or a salad. I usually have the inca sandwich--I like it so much that it's hard to order something else. They also have salads; the quinoa/green peas and the rice salads are the ones I tried and they are delicious. They write that their meats are from animals raised locally and without antibiotics. I have not verified this information any further, but I am always in favor of sustainable foods. The place itself is very casual and cozy: wooden tables and middle-eastern decor. It's not very big, but we never had trouble finding a little spot to sit there.The one thing I like a bit less is that they don't take credit cards (only cash or debit). This is probably why they can keep their prices so affordable, though.
4	The food was pretty good. I don't think I would go for dinner, but it's a great place for lunch. They had an interested variety of tasty things behind the counter. I would return.
5	Excellent food for an affordable price! I would definitely go again for dinner. Healthy foo as well!
5	It's hard to find good Lebanese food at a decent price in this area, and the fantastic thing about Omnivore is that there's enough of a mix of traditional flavours (you know that scene in Ratatouille where the food critic takes a bite and is transported to his childhood? That's how I feel with the stuffed vine-leaves every time.)But there are also some twists to the classics, with additions and tweaks to the kafta sandwiches that make them Omnivore's own take on Lebanese food that is wholly original. Great people behind the counter, and lovely intimate feel to the restaurant.
3	Ok food at a reasonable price. Some of the dishes were a bit too oily for our taste and some vegetables looked dry as if they had stayed behind the counter for a while too long, though the taboule was quite good. The staff was very friendly even though they did not speak any french.
5	Shut up and take my money.What a gem! DELICIOUS coal-grilled kafta wraps/sandwiches for $5.50! Wonderful selection of salads and all the delights any vegetarian, pescatarian, omnivore and carnivore could desire. Great and friendly staff. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	I liked the earthy feel of the decor in this restaurant. I ordered the beet/apple salad and the Samac sandwich. The first to the last bite of the beet/apple salad was purely wonderful. So light and refreshing with subtle flavours bursting in my mouth with every bite. I wished it was an endless plate of that salad. In contrast, I found the Samac sandwich fishy on first bite (and yes, I know this is a fish sandwich), but it was a distinctively really fishy taste... not in a good way. However, as i took more bites and enjoyed it more and more when the other ingredients in the sandwich kicked in.
5	I am seriously considering starting a petition to get these guys to open up in NYC.HOW does someone make food taste so good in a such a simple way that one actually smiles upon chewing?  Finding this place was a miracle in itself.   We were lost on Boulevard Saint Laurent, cell-service-less in a foreign country and thus without the guide of Yelp.   We just bixi-biked (their version of Citibikes) through nearly the entire city, and we were hungry.  We wandered into this cozy joint with bizarre (probably local) artwork, tired and just wanting to be fed.  I usually stick to vegetarian meals when I eat any kind of Turkish, Middle Eastern, Lebanese, or Persian food.  In general, unless its simmering in a sauce or stew, I find the kebabs and koftas to be too dry.  The meat here is perfectly seasoned, juicy, flavors retained and released upon first bite.  It was hard to say whether the beef or the chicken was better, both were so good but different.  But I must sing the praises of this ridiculously delicious quinoa dish they served.  I LOVE quinoa, and I've had it in many forms.  This was by far the tastiest.  The quinoa is cooked and mixed with roasted sunflower seeds, peas, sesame oil, and soy sauce.  The sunflower seeds and sesame oil really give it a nutty toasted flavor, and the texture of the quinoa is broken up by the peas throughout each bite.  I could have had a bowl of this for dinner and been happy.  The other side dishes were all wonderfully cooked too - a lot of rich flavors in the roasted vegetable side dish, and even the salad was great.  The guy who mans the grill is cool, he quietly appreciates it when people enjoy his food.  I did try to have a serious talk with him about opening in NY, as we are saturated with Middle Eastern places but lack consistent quality in a casual, almost fast food setting that is also creative.  He smiled but sadly remained unconvinced. So I had to have my fill.  On a 4 day trip we ate here twice.  The first by happenstance, the second out of sheer determination.  If you're a New Yorker visiting Montreal, please speak to him about coming to NY.
4	We were walking along St. Laurent Blvd looking for a place to grab a late lunch and saw Omnivore. We were starving and I had read good reviews on Yelp a while back so we decided to try it out. Lebanese restaurants typically have the most drab decors, so we were pleasantly surprised by Omnivore's warm, earthy feel. The staff was pleasant, attentive and courteous.We both ordered kafta sandwiches (Beirut and Roma) with the fresh lemonade and sides of fattoush and lentil soup. The sandwiches were excellent and we loved the homemade lemonade! The fattoush was pretty good, and my friend liked his lentil soup.I love that they have twists on the classic Lebanese dishes such an Indian version of the kafta sandwich. The food here is organic and locally sourced, healthy and delicious so I am definitely going back for more!!
5	This place has the best kaftas and side salads one can ask for. You can't miss with anything from their menu. After eating here I'm in love with Quinoa!! I can become an vegetarian if I only eat their salads for the rest of my life!!!
5	I had the inca sandwich, the djaj and the vege and it was amazing!!! This place is too die for. I live 15-20 mins away and drive all the way there to just have a sandwich, it's that good!!! Try it out, it's a must.
4	Ate here more than once with my girlfriend or with friends while in Montreal.  I love the creative selections; very healthy and tasteful cuisine.  It's also on a nice corner and has a great vibe/ ambience.  Memorable meals here, for sure.  And I actually am able to get enough food!
5	I am going to be upfront with you, this place melts my heart, makes me feel warm inside, had me fall in love. Had to leave because it felt THAT good. I actually think about this cozy eatery, thought about it about all the way back to NY.  I suppose you want to hear about the food?  Fine, I will tell you first....I am Lebanese through and through AND from Beirut so when you come to my house half of Omnivore's menu is served by Mama herself.  It'll make your soul sing BUT this Montreal Middle Eastern joint will make you get up and preach, speak in tongues.  This is it folks, it's all the things food SHOULD be.  Authentic, rich & balanced on the palette, Kefta spooning with a pickle, snug tight with a fresh-made pita and the slightest bit of garlic aroma fills your nose and takes you to that hot Beiruti night on an apartment balcony.  Laffa in hand and a smile on your face.  If you come to Montreal and you don't stop by you are truly a fool.
5	Omnivore is about as perfect of a name as they can call this place, because I want to eat ALL THE THINGS. I fell in love with Lebanese food years ago, which is truly a tragedy, since true Lebanese food is very hard to find. I search far and wide, and I usually end up disappointed, with only the bitter (ha) taste of defeat left in my mouth.Not so, Omnivore. I haven't been to Lebanon yet, but if the food is even half as good as it is here, I won't ever leave. The hummus is amazing (only thing, maybe homemade pita would be better) and very generously served for what is really a bargain price, and the kafta sandwiches were OMG THESE WERE THE BEST THINGS EVER. I'm seriously considering going back for lunch today and dinner, too.It helps that it is a comfortable environment and felt clean but also homey. Not sure how they pulled that one off but it's okay with me. I think I might kidnap the whole restaurant and take it with me everywhere.
5	Another tasty cheap meal. Thank you Montreal for being so generous like that. $6 I think for a chicken pita, and free conversation with the friendly Lebanese man who works there. Or owns it. Nice people, good food, win.
5	Wow the food its absolutely yummy! We have no idea what kind of food they serve since they're a Veggie Restaurant but what we ordered was great, no issues or complaints at all, they even had someone speaking in spanish so make it all much better.
4	I was craving vegetables after too many days of bagels, croissants, and poutine. Omnivore was the perfect place to satiate that desire and I also had the chance to walk down memory lane (but it was even better than the original) with a fabulously garlicky, satisfyingly crunchy (thank you, turnips) shish taouk sandwich. As so many others have said, the menu is set up very well so that you can include some vegetable and some meat options, add in some fragrant, soothing mint tea and you will be very happy at the end of the meal. We were a group of five and so decided to to order the plate of 5 vegetarian mezza for $10. It was well worth it as we had a heaping platter of hummus, lentil-studded rice, moussaka, sweet potatoes, and orzo tossed with toasted pine nuts and dried cranberries. Supple triangles of pita were served alongside and I quickly stacked mine with all the veggies that I could cram inside. Bliss. On to the kafta sandwiches: the Djaj is a "Classique" version of Shish Taouk except that it's a longer, thinner presentation and the quality is much higher than at the storefronts I frequented on St. Laurent in the mid-1990s. Ouch. It hurt to so blatantly acknowledge the passing of time. But I'm eating better food now, right? That must count for something. I also tried the Inca, which again involves chicken but also some crunchy tahini-laced cabbage. Star of the sandwich right there. There were so many options that I wanted to try - I will return!
4	As others have mentioned, after several days of poutine, terrine, and croissants almondine, it's nice to eat something a little more healthy.  The food at Omnivore is delicious.  We got a vegetarian plate and an omnivore plate (includes meat).  If you have to have meat, it was fine, but the vegetarian items are the stars.  Only dings: no credit cards, no wine license and no BYO.
5	I had the Inca "sandwich".   I say "sandwich", but it is really a "wrap" of sorts.  Well, call it a sandwich or call it a wrap, but whatever it is it was phenomenal.    The mix of flavors along with a perfect texture and feel, just made we want to say "oooh that is good" with every single bite that I took.I didn't try anything else, but the Inca get's 5 stars!
4	4.5Happiness. Pure happiness. On my plate and in my mouth. From the outside, Omnivore's not much to look at... but this is a good thing. It means that rather than concentrating its efforts to look hip and cool, tptb behind Omnivore concentrate on good food, nice service and an authentic experience. This is not to say, however, that Omnivore looks shabby. It doesn't. It's comfy, welcoming and fits the neighborhood nicely. I was particularly enamored with the mosaic tables.In the proper frame of mind, I looked over the menu and made my selection. A chilly day in a chill restaurant demands tea. Fresh tea. Fresh mint tea... as in, mint leaves, simple syrup, water, and a cup. Boisson (much like poisson, one of my favorite French words) out of the way, I was ready to order the rest of my combo. Yes, combo. For $10, you get a kafta sandwich, soup and drink. For my soup, the green garlic-type soup was filling, deeply-flavored and wonderfully-made. Eating it was like eating warm joy. The garlic wasn't overpowering but it was, certainly, the star of the show. I decided on the Bombay kafta: chicken, sumac onions, cabbage, and pineapple chutney. Tell me that doesn't sound incredible. You can't. You can't tell me that. Because it *was* incredible. The sandwich was generously-portioned, spicy and textured so that every bite had a nice crunch as well as plenty of meat & seasoning. Although I was tasked with working after lunch, I much rather have found a nice corner in which to curl up with a book and take a nap. Omnivore serves comfort food from a Mid-East perspective that's sure to delight. It made me fall even more in love with Montreal.
5	Location: On the Main. Street parking only.The place: It's tiny and for reasons unbeknownst to myself, it reminded me of a jungle shack. Have I ever been to the jungle, you ask? No I have not but I'm sure that's what a jungle shack would look like. Very cozy with lots of warm brown colors. Also, the smell. Nom nom nom. All I'm going to say about that. Oh, and great tunes in the background. Anyone who plays Dylan is all right by me. The food: Their specialty is Middle Eastern cuisine that they prepare fresh on a daily basis. Their selling feature is that maple charcoal grill - it makes everything good and tasty! I ordered the fresh beet/apple/carrot juice and the Bombay wrap. The juice was a great little energy boost, and I could really taste the beets and carrots. The Bombay was to die for. It consisted of grilled chicken with pineapple chutney, sumac onions and red cabbage cozily tucked into Pita bread. AND it was so damn spicy I could feel my sinuses expanding as I ate. LOVE it. Flavor-wise, I would define this as an explosion of deliciousness. Need I say more? Service: Great - the guy behind the counter is a little serious but he knows how to make a mean sandwich so I'll let that go. The clerk who brought us water and rang us up at the cash was super friendly.Price point: Pretty good - for $10 I had the wrap and the juice.
4	I have no idea why I didn't go to Omnivore sooner. It's the kind of place where you leave full, but not in the horrible "why did I just eat all of that?" kind of way. More like the "I'm so freakin happy right now" way. Their platters are delectable, and as mentioned above, super filling. If you're looking for a nice balance, the Omnivore platter is right up your alley - lentil/rice, salad, pita, hummus, baba ganoush, and a meat skewer (or two?) is the perfect meal. Feeling meatier? Carnivore platter. Going light? There's a Herbivore platter too!Oh, and if you'd rather bring you meal home, everything can be ordered to go.
5	So after having been here several times since the last review, I'm updating my rating to 5 stars! This place is consistently great. How can you go wrong with an amazing kabob sandwich, homemade lemonade and fresh made fattoush for 10 bucks!LOVE this place!
4	very nice and fast service. Great vegetarian food. Would definitely recommend. Lemonade is to die for
5	Stunningly good snack food. I got the fish sandwich, and it was really amazingly flavored. The house lemonade has maybe mint in it? Totally delicious.This is definitely THE place to get food while wandering aimlessly along Saint-Laurent.
