4	I literally just walked in the door from Carmella's.  I enjoyed it thoroughly.  It was quieter than I normally like--- we were the only other diners in there, myself, my fiance and another couple.  I ordered the Chop salad, it was delicious.  Everyone else had a pasta dish and they were very happy with it.  I will definitely come back again and they do deliver.  This is awesome since I just moved in at the end of the road! I recommend this place.  The bread delivered to the table was divine and the staff was great too!
5	This place rocks, all the neighborhood charm you could want, GREAT food! The Sausage Canalloni should be on the regular menu! Really great specials, perfect pizza, Great Salads, delicious hot bread and herbed butter all at a great price. The staff is friendly and I love the bar are tables for a little more casual evening!
4	I'm not thrilled with Italian food.  A lot of it is too thick and heavy for me to handle.  A lot of the flavors seem to run together, though this may be an indictment of specific restaurants.  Not to mention nearly every Italian restaurant thinks it offers some rare, niche cuisine and charges accordingly.  Come on, you can find the same boring Italian spot in every neighborhood everywhere.I do like Carmella's enough to give four stars.  Reason #1?  No predictable, "we're a very, very special Italian restaurant with very, very special food," attitude.  The dishes are basic and tasty.  Not too heavy, not too thick.  The service I've experienced is consistently attentive and thoughtful.  Pricing seems fair for what you're getting.  A good example of a family-owned establishment that gets it right.
5	Great little neighborhood spot!  I'm not a huge fan of Italian either but Carmella changed my mind!  Fairly large portions but that just means leftovers!  But despite the portions, its a lighter, more authentic Italian menu with lots to choose from.  They also have a great staff. The dining room atmosphere leaves a little to be desired...maybe its too bright or something but i just can't put my finger on it.  The bar side seating is a little more desirable in my opinion.  But that's my preference.  Try the spinach and ricotta dumplings!!!  The lasagna may be the best I've ever had!  Delicious!
3	Carmella's is a Family Run Restaurant right off the 51 at Thunderbird.  Do not let the area influence your decisions, just go.Born and raised in New England, I have experienced hanover St. in Boston and Atwells Ave. in Providence as well as numerous friends' and neighbors' Italian Creations.  Carmellas is a Pasta-esque Italian dream.I am hooked on the Rigitoni Pollo.  A delicious blend of Chicken, shaved eggplant and pasta in a tomato cream sauce.  The pasta is Al Dente EVERY time (a lost art form these days?)  The sauce is just right, not too heavy.  The small garden salad is divine and basic but exactly what you want as a lead in to a pasta dish.  Lettuce, onion, cuke, olives, and the best balsamic based dressing you can have.  The rolls are delicious as well.With all teh chain restaurants in PHX Metro, please take the time to send some business to a hard working family establishment, you will not be disappointed.There tends to be 5 specials each day and promotions exist for 10% off delivery and 20% off your total bill on Sundays.Mangia!Follow up: Carmellas has been reduced to 3 stars.  A few more visits and thoughts about what 4+ stars requires, I make it a solid 3.
4	My parents love Carmella's and probably eat there 5 times a month, which means I call them frequently and ask what they are doing for dinner.  Most of the time I get a free meal out of it.  They are a family owned and run establishment and are very friendly.  My parents are on a first name basis with the owner.  I've had Italian food in North Beach(San Fran's Little Italy) and Little Italy in NY.  Not that this place is as good as those, but it is way better than any chain we have in the valley.  They have a good balance of pasta and meat dishes.  The specials that are offered are pretty good too.  One thing I was surprised by was the quality of their pizza.  This is what gave them the 4 stars.  You wouldn't expect a sit-down restaurant to have decent pizza, but I was pleasantly surprised when I popped in on my parents and asked what was for dinner.  Lucky for me they both wanted pizza.  It was pretty close to the pizza I grew up with in NY.  The pieces were a little smaller, but had the same thin, crunchy crust and soft middle.  The cheese was also perfectly cooked, a little brown on the top and chewy.If you live near Carmella's please give them a shot.  It would be a travesty should they have to close up shop.  The service is great and the owner is there all of the time to check up on you.
5	I was utterly shocked to see Carmellas rated on Yelp with anything less than 4 stars.  This place serves absolutely authentic homemade Italian dishes at their finest.  My wife and I have been going here for a little over a year and I am continually blown away.  Definitely on my 'short list' when eating out.    Just finishing leftovers of the penne arrabiata.  Scrumtulescent.  Forget Papa Johns or Dominos and try their pizza next time you're in the mood.  It's superb. I have no idea how someone could conceivably think this place had canned pasta sauce.  Their sauce is so uniquely fresh and delicious.  A rival restaurant review perhaps?If you love Italian, you should really check this place out.  Mike and his family will treat you right!
4	A neighborhood place. My brother lives on that side of town, so I've gone with family on a couple of occasions. It's actually pretty good. The atmosphere is ok. I had the lasagna and the veal (I hope I'm not making enemies) both of which were very good. Great appetizers. Don't shy away from the calamari and the fried cheese. Mmmm. Make plans to go to the gym the next day.
3	We have gone to Carmellas several times over the last couple of years they have been open.  Last night we headed over there only to find out it hsd closed.
4	So sad-- I think this place closed down.  I saw a "For Lease" sign hanging on the building.  whaaaa whaaaaa
5	Sadly, this great family owned and run Italian restaurant has succumb to these difficult economic times. They have closed their doors. Wasn't there a bailout package for restaurants included in the 1 gazillion dollars the president has found?
