4	Fast, friendly service, tasty sandwiches.  The menu offers a nice variety.  We enjoyed a late lunch in a nearly deserted room.  It was pleasant to enjoy tasty food and not pay high prices not far off a main tourist area.
4	I couldn't agree more with Laura G - this place is indeed a contradiction and definitely worth the visit!You can choose what sort of eggs you'd like for your omelette - chicken, duck, goose .... I don't remember the other choices!  And the omelette's are huge.  Enormous.  Big enough to be alien props on the original Star Trek.(Oops, have I said too much??)It was here, at Gourmet Grub, that I made the wonderful discovery of Luscombe apple juice with vanilla.I had a goose egg omelette, just because I'd never had goose eggs before, and it took up half the plate.  It was a little salty for me, but I'm not sure if that was because I didn't realise it had bacon in it when I ordered.  The range of omelettes, though, is worth going back to try out different ones, though - they all sounded tasty and the traditional Scottish breakfasts beside me also looked pretty good.Also, the sign they have "should" be the ethos of any decent restaurant:  "Gourmet Grub does not serve fast food.  We serve good food as quickly as we can."Which means checking out Gourmet Grub shouldn't be alien to anyone in Edinburgh!
5	Breaky on a cold post-Hogmanay day was made so much the warmer by the ab.so.frikkin.lutely good food here.That and the hilarious Americans at the table next to us - witty, searing views on all things pop culture, doing a wonderful caricature of tourists who have boxes to tick while nursing massive hangovers.  It was terrible to be eavesdropping but a comic delight for those of us who were.  Made the incredible breakfast stand up to all the "we must go" fuss!  Next time, I'm saving myself for the burger - evil in all the right ways apparently.
4	Duck eggs and venison sausage. Need I say more? Jeez you're a demanding bunch aren't you. Ok then...I had a Glasweigan coming to visit (hello Chris D!) and two grown men to take out for lunch. I realised sushi was not going to be a realistic option. So after a bit of yelpy research, the name of Gourmet Grub caught my eye. Grub, that will keep Man 1 and Man 2 happy. Gourmet? That'll keep Jen happy. Winner!I can't give this place 5 stars...yet. I need to come back and experience it, perhaps on a Sunday morning when it's likely to be far busier. But oh my. It was something of a love affair (as the food baby will testify). This isn't my usual type of joint. It's small, the door blows open a lot, there's not many tables upstairs with only a few more downstairs (which is dingy, lacking any atmosphere and really quite a depressing place to eat). It has no bells, whistles or flourishes (although it totally clean and well-maintained, just lacking charm.)But the food makes up for it in spades. The menu is pretty straight forward. Breakfast options (but all day breakfast options!), omelettes, sandwiches, wraps, salads and pasta options, and burgers.It might look like your regular, same-old greasy spoon. Until you notice that the omelette options are with either hen or duck eggs. And all of the breakfasts come with venison sausage. And there's a 'breakfast' called the Auctermuchty of scrambled egg with haggis and the like. So it had to be the Gourmet Duck for me. Scrambled duck eggs with venison sausage on muffin with side salad. (see uploaded photo. I forgot to take a photo before I'd already taken a bit. THAT GOOD.)The sausages. Omygod the SAUSAGES. They were amazing. The scrambled egg is normally made with cream but I requested milk...didn't seem to help the foodgasm going on (and subsequent food baby, again). But it was totally worth it.I love the fact they do all day breakfasts. I'll even over-look the lack of charm in surroundings. I am a bit of an aesthetic-pleased person. But sometimes taste comes out trumps and even though it might feel a little bit grubby, man it was good.Perfect when you're in town and need a filling breakfast or lunch, breakfast any time of day, want some *good* Scottish hearty fare, or ducks egg with venison sausage (and haggis and bacon, right Chris D).The best thing of all? Chris couldn't finish his. Jenny L 1 -Chris "The Glasweigan" D 0. SCORE.
4	Heavens to Betsy! When I popped into this place to meet Miss Jenny L, I initially thought she'd totally dropped the ball! GG is not the most polished looking of places and I'd go as far to say it looks a little shabby, a little cheap and a tad on the garish side.But that's all so minor when it come to everything else. Service wise it's spot on. Friendly, swift and non intrusive (the holy trinity!). However, it's the food where this place really hits the 4/5 stars. With a modest menu consisting of breakfasts (all day I thunk), burgers and sandwiches, it's easy to navigate and promotes the feeling that they don't do a lot, but what the do, they do well. This was most certainly the case with the 'Ultimate' breakfast which managed to defeat me (I know! I've let down my gender and my Glasgonian brethren). The 'Ultimate' hopped into my life with it's scrambled eggs, muffin, bacon, venison sausages (I'm gonna say yum, but in truth I've never really been a big venison fan), haggis (genuine yum) and salad (hahahahahahahahaha). It was awesome and stands out as one of the best I've had in a good while.As with Jenny, I'd reserve the fifth star to see how it deals with a bigger crowd and entirely agree that a dinner munched in the lower seating area could well be the saddest occasion known to man. Something as simple as a lick of paint and some tlc could easily see this place be outstanding. For now, it's just plain awesome!
