5	This is the best La canasta restaurant in phoenix..It has been here years..Its family owned. The food is great and on SAt and Sunday they have the best menudo...yummy....Its very clean,friendly..delicous food....
3	This La Canasta is OK. I'm sure some of you have your favorites but this defiantly is not mine.  We went here at lunch and it was busy but not over packed. It was around noon.  They don't clean off tables as soon as people leave so we were standing awkwardly asking them to please clean the table.  The waitress looked at us with this are you talking to me look on her face when we asked if we could get a table cleaned so we could sit down.  The chip area is a mess.  My food didn't arrive until half my coworkers were done eating.  I ordered the soup and when I went up to check on it they looked around for my ticket and then said it takes a little longer to make the soup.  BS you make that stuff in the morning.  You just have to slop it in a bowl and put in the microwave.  I know how it works back in the kitchen.  Finally my soup came 20 minutes later.  Do they offer me a refund? No of course not.  To be fair the food is good.  But its the same food at every la canasta its owned by the same family.  This particular one is part of a group so you can consider it a local chain not a mom and pop.  They also own Silvia's.  I would recommend not going to this one as the staff is terrible.  There is a way better one right off 7th ave in Phoenix.
5	I've been going to La Canasta for as long as I can recall. I live in Tempe and can't go as often as I'd  like but I go at least once a month. I love this Canasta because they have a green chile salsa and menudo every day! Always quick and fresh. I either get the ground beef tacos (yummy), the red chile burrito (watch out), or the menudo (got a hangover?). It is very consistent and prices, well it adds up, but it is worth it. I have yet to have a bad experience after 28 years!
4	Awesome place enjoyed it so much I went there twice while I was on business in Phoenix.  Amazing green chili sauce.  Burritos are huge but can get pricey if you keep adding on extras. If you dine in they have an all you can eat chip option (flour and corn) and a good selection of salsa.
1	As a young boy, my parents had a rule. "If you don't like the taste of something, don't say anything while at the table"Their logic?Simple. It would prejudice my siblings tastes, my parents having a full-blown food revolt on their hands at that point. Pretty smart actually.So, ever the brainwashed, can't let go of his mommy daddy issues, fucked-up adult I am, I never complain while at the table.But when I get in the car to drive home look out. And when I get to a laptop look out even more.Everything here has gone downhill, to hell in a hand-basket as some might say.And guess what?For all my Yelper and friends who don't speak Spanish, La Canasta means basket. Yesterday it meant waste basket. Green chile was lumpy, too much thickening agent and the beef wasn't braised tender, little chunks 'o rubber.And that pot of menudo sitting in the middle of the buffet area? The one without a lid?One has only to ponder the fate of some flying insect whom upon leaving his nest one fine morning, deep in a depression over spending its life lighting from one pile of dog-shit to the next has decided to end it all by kamakaze'ing his shit-wreaking self into the fucking menudo pot. You know, the one without the lid?Not on my short list of Mexican food eateries any longer, this despite my knowing the former owner.
4	The beans and rice here is fantastic. The tacos? Not so much which is a shame because tacos + beans & rice is a fantastic meal. I don't know if the tacos are made the same, but the very last time I ordered them, they were no good. The taco grease destroyed the bottom of the taco making in inedible. My Nana and mom love the burritos, tamales, and the chips. Yummy. Good place to go but avoid the tacos.
5	Love this place.  It ain't fancy but it has great  food, reasonable prices, and friendly staff.  Best green chile in town.
5	Love this place! Went to the wrong one a few weeks ago and was disappointed. I am so happy I found the correct one. Amazing food everything fresh and the staff is super nice. Muy bien!!
4	this place is great for Breakfast and Lunch.  we stop by about once a month, usually for breakfast (the nana's breakfast w/green chili)  The inside is small, and not many seats inside, but we always make it work.  The area is very "questionable" though, and i think it's the reason it's not open after dark.  major downside to this place is the parking.  the small lot is SMALL, tight spots, and anytime i pull out we almost get hit cause of the blind exit so be careful
1	Take the meanest rodeo bull in history, 'Bodacious', carve him up into tiny chunks, and serve him in a green chile burrito and you'll come fairly close to one of La Canasta's delights.The meat was like a dog's chew toy, save for the chirp when you bite down on it. They should discount anything containing chunks of beef due to their featuring DIY tenderizing. They should also have a conspicuous warning sign on the menu reading:                                               !!   WARNING  !!                     OUR BEEF PRODUCTS REQUIRE CHEWING. LOTS AND LOTS            OF CHEWING. IF YOU POSSESS ALL 32 ADULT TEETH, PLEASE           PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK!           IMPROPERLY CHEWED CHUNKS OF OUR BEEF COULD RESULT           IN A HIDEOUS, BYSTANDER REPULSING, DEATH FROM CHOKING           SINCE ITS PRETTY MUCH A LOCK THAT NO-ONE HERE WILL KNOW,           PRETEND TO KNOW, HEARD OF, OR CAN EVEN PRONOUNCE           THE TERM  'HEIMLICH MANEUVER'.            ACCORDINGLY, MANAGEMENT STRONGLY RECOMMENDS A           CHEWING REGIMEN TANTAMOUNT TO A RABID HYENA.           MAULING, FOLLOWED BY GNAWING, AND EVENTUAL MASTICATION           IS ENCOURAGED.                      THANK YOU.Stopping here was NOT my idea. My spouse, who still lives in the eighties, will do anything to once again sample their green chile of yesteryear.I keep telling her it doesn't exist, but she keeps sending me back every few months, hoping it was 'just a bad batch'.Tonight's bad batch left her with five chunks of unchewed beef on her plate, followed by a bathroom clearing bout of diarrhea.My bean burrito was pretty tasty, as usual. Five stars for their bean burritos.I'm deducting four stars for their diarrhea inducing cuisine that cheated me out of my Friday night freak.
4	Picked up the nachos and carne asada tacos. Both were really good! Didn't try the red chile, but the green chile on the nachos was amazing. The tortilla chips themselves were amazing too. If I'm in the area next time, I'll probably dine in since they have buffet style tortilla chips, salsa, cilantro, onions, etc.
4	A random stop by while checking out a brewery nearby. We ordered the nachos and carne asada tacos (3). Both were very filling and exceeded expectations. The nachos with green chile was delicious and not too spicy. I wish they allowed us to pack some of the toppings at the buffet bar but it was for dine in only. If there is a next time, I shall get fat with multiple servings of chips/salsa!!
5	I have been hearing for years how this restaurant was the best Mexican food I would ever taste. N its true, it melts in your mouth!!! Literally
5	Omg.  The food is so good I had to write this before leaving.   We are here for breakfast.  The blending of flavors is unreal.   So good!!!     My husband had eggs,  machaca and green chili.   He is currently experiencing a food-gasm.  I had a vegetarian breakfast burrito.    I never want this to end . . .
