4	I've only ever gotten take-out or delivery around lunch time, and Lemon Grass isn't always the most reliable of spots (they've managed to lose an order I phoned in and have sometimes delivered incomplete orders), but what they lack in consistency, they make up for in taste.Billed as Cambodian Cuisine, their lunch menu gives a large choice of items for fans of Thai and Chinese food as well.  I'll often go with their delicious green curry or satisfying Pad Thai (not the best Pad Thai Pittsburgh has, but the best downtown lunchtime offering I've found).  All lunch specials come with soup (small but fulfilling) and spring roll (tiny but delicious), which makes the price (around $7) a pretty good deal.
2	I used to really like this place, but the service can't be overlooked anymore.  I ate here recently on a monday afternoon (granted it's not the A team on Monday's), but  it was so obvious the staff just wanted to get us out of there so they could go back to reading star magazine.  The food was good, not great but good enough.  The service as mentioned was poor.  The server was apathetic at best.  He didn't give us time to finish our soup before he had our entree's in front of us and a check on the table.  I think this was my last visit.
2	This place does decent Thai food, but is nothing special. There was nothing memorable or notable about my meal. The service was decent. This is one of few places in downtown Pittsburgh where a vegan can go and be reasonably accommodated.
4	I only eat here for lunch, and judging by all of the other reviews I'm glad I don't go for dinner...but for $9-$10 with tip for lunch, it's tough to beatI'm a big fan of their red curry.  Ask to get it spicier if you like it hot...For your $$, you'll get a bowl of protein(Chicken, beef, or tofu) & fresh vegetables soaked in your sauce, and a plate of rice.  It also comes with your choice of soup (hot & sour is excellent, lemongrass...not so much) and a spring roll.  I wouldn't recommend getting a drink besides water(at least during lunch..the place is crowded and they won't have time for any refills.)
1	This was the single worst Thai meal I have ever had in my life.I went here for dinner with some friends after going to the PSO, since they were open relatively late at night.  This proved to have been a massive error in judgement on all our parts.The first thing I ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup.  The listing of ingredients made it seem like it should be tom yum soup, which is one of my favorite soups.  What I received was a bowl of dishwater-colored broth containing tomatoes, so that it tasted like watered-down minestrone, with some chicken submerged in shame at the bottom of the bowl.  A single lonely wilted leaf of cilantro wallowed on top.  No lemongrass was in evidence, but there were plenty of mushrooms.  I stopped eating this when I unearthed an unsightly artifact which turned out to be the bottom of a mushroom stem, with dirt still clinging to it.My companions both got chicken and stir-fried vegetables in what turned out to be Singapore curry sauce.  This was passable, but not exciting -- again, although it claimed to be lemongrassy, there was no lemongrass flavor to be had, and the chicken was a bit rubbery and overdone.I got one of the fish entrees.  On the menu, the description made out like it was covered in a spicy sauce.  It turned out to be more like a not-at-all-spicy soup with bits of orange roughy floating in it.  Again, the broth was lacking in overall flavor, as if they were trying to save on costs by not adding enough spices.  The fish itself was at least not overcooked or dirty, but it was a poor aesthetic decision to bread and fry the piece of fish, then put the breaded coating into soup.  Gross.To top it off, the service wasn't that great, and we were actually charged for the dirt-filled soup.  We will not be back.
4	The food is the reason to go. Lunch specials are a great deal- about 9-10 bucks for lemongrass soup (spicy broth with cilantro, mushrooms and tomatoes), a spring roll and entree. I would recommend either the red or green curry as both are spicy, flavorful and contain meat and tons of fresh veggies. The pad thai is decent and for those that do not like thai food, there is a chinese menu on the back that my friends contend has been general tso's than the authentic chinese places close by.
3	I'm still eat here, because I love Thai food....and there aren't too many Thai restaurants downtown, near my building. The food here is pretty good, and the prices are reasonable.  The waitstaff is so-so.
1	terrible service is right.  the minute my coworker and i walked in, the host (i think the teenage son of the owner?) was just rude.  he was going to give us the table closest to the register where people are always walking in and out.  my coworker asked to be seated at one of the other 8 tables that were open.  he mumbled something, but then let us grab another table.  and when he served the dishes he pretty much was throwing them onto the table.the wonton soup was horrible.  the wonton itself was pretty much all dough (not even cooked all the way thru) and i don't even want to speculate what the tiny meat in it was made of.  i've also tried the house soup which is just water with tomotoes in it.  for my entree i had the green curry w/chicken, which actually wasn't as bad as the service but that's not saying much at all.sad that this is one of the few places for asian food in the pitts...
2	Had dinner at Lemon Grass earlier this week. When I walked in the place was empty. Got to pick where I wanted to sit. First thing I noticed is the place was an absolute sauna. I asked my server about why it was so hot in the restaurant? She shrugged and did not seem interested.I ordered the Lemon Grass soup with shrimp and the Papaya salad. I used the terms "Tom Yum" and "Som Tum" when I ordered. These terms are not used in their menu - I was under the impression they were fairly standard terms for these Thai menu items. In any case - she had no clue to what I was referring to - so I used their terms.Soup came out immediately - soup was not very spicy or lemon grassy - which is ironic given the name of this place. There was a lot more tomato chunks in their version of this soup than I've experienced before. I would not order this again.Then the Papaya salad came out - just ok - not spicy and bright like a good Papaya salad should be.Water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty.Won't come back here again unless they do something about the lack of AC and better food!
2	Pass.  I tried Lemon Grass for takeout and was as disappointed as many of my fellow Yelpers here.  The Pad Thai was bland and generic, and tasted almost gummy.  The coconut lemon grass soup had slightly more flavor, but it left a really greasy feeling in my mouth.  To top it all off, while I was waiting for my food, I had to endure being hit on by the host.  To be fair, it's not like they were all that busy, so I guess it gave him something to do.  And I wouldn't have minded if the food had been amazing.  But sadly, it wasn't.  And it wasn't cheap, either.
4	You pay for what you get. I thought the food was good in taste and quantity for the price. Service wasn't great, but I don't think I have ever had great service at any Thai restaurant.
2	Visiting Pittsburgh with my daughter, we wanted to eat somewhere downtown and not walk too far.  Yelped this place  and chose it because it was close by and not because of the rating.  But it turns out that generally you can trust your fellow yelpers on this one.  We were seated immediately because it wasn't too crowded (bad sign). We sat by the window.  The best thing about this restaurant is the decor, as it had a Thai motif on the wall, a glass case with little Thai statues, and a nice vase with a fake orchid on the table. nicely folded cloth napkin...etc,  I didn't experience the bad service that others claimed, but I can see how it might be possible because my service was quite mediocre.  Now segway to the food and I don't know how to explain this, as bad service or inadequate food, but we ordered the beef curry, and it came with NO BEEF in it.  Did they think they could get away with it and we wouldn't notice? I figured it was just an oversight , that maybe we just looked like vegetarians, because it's ridiculous for any restaurant to skimp on the food.  But then I got my chicken lemongrass soup. It was so tiny and there was hardly any chicken in it. I wanted a typical Thai soup called Tom Kha Gai but they never heard of it. But  please take a look at my photos and see how small the soup bowl is.  I placed the spoon on top for comparison and you will really see that the bowl is not much bigger than the spoon. Nuff said.
1	Waiter was awful and food (pad thai) was not much better. Apparently letting the waiter know that your soda is flat (twice) is a huge inconvenience to him.
1	This is by far the worst Thai restaurant I've ever been to. The servers are rude and slow, and the food is awful. Everything pretty much looks and tastes the same. The waiter seemed annoyed that my eating partner complained that his soda was flat, and brought him another flat soda. When he complained again, the waiter told him to see the host on the way out.  If you are in the area, there are many better choices for a good meal, other than this place.
2	Just had the panang tofu for lunch, and was crazy underwhelmed.  Tiny portion, very watery sauce, and just no *zing* at all to the flavor.  The wait staff was slammed by a half-full restaurant, so things like a coke took ten or fifteen minutes.This trip was bad, even for the price.
2	A friend of mine and I thought we would meet for lunch one Wednesday. I'm a fan of Thai food so I thought we would give the Lemon Grass Cafe a try. We arrived a little before noon and were seated promptly. That was the best part of the experience. It took an hour to receive our food. AN HOUR on a busy Wednesday lunch break. There was no sorry, we're working on it ... etc. No explanation at all was given. The food was meh. I've had much better. I would not recommend this place to anyone. As we were walking out a lady was waiting for her takeout order, which she called ahead about. And it wasn't ready yet and she had been waiting over 20 minutes for it. Terrible terrible customer service.
1	Stay away!!!!!! The waiters/waitresses hate you and your hapiness.
1	Poor service, awful attitudes and sub-par food.  I could make the same food in my own kitchen ... Hope to see another Thai spot open downtown.
4	I know that the service is not super speedy, but i only go before concerts and games downtown. I get there at about 5:30 for a 7pm game and i'm out in plenty of time. The food is awesome. If you're cheap like me, get the curry special. delicious.
3	I would say that Lemongrass is ok, not great.I've had the Panang curry a few times and really enjoyed it. The Green curry is also decent.What brings Lemongrass down is incredibly slow service. Whether it's during a busy time or a slow time, it's slow slow slow. One waiter for the entire restaurant and that's it.The atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant are nice. And given the price, it's not a bad lunch spot.
2	Oh this place needs Gordon Ramsay, Friendly staff, but something is missing I don't know what? Food was ok, but not fab. I was a little disappointed with the Panang curry which didn't look like what I know it should look or tasted like. Thai tea was no bueno.
4	I looked over the other reviews and I don't get it.  Maybe they've suddenly gotten better.  I moved to Pittsburgh about four months ago, so I only have recent experience to go by, and I think this place is great.  Would they rate as well if they were in New York or San Francisco? Maybe not, but this is damned good Thai food.I've eaten outside (dinner) and gone for takeout - both were excellent.  I like really hot food and usually end up disappointed.  Some places just throw a bunch of pepper in so it taste's peppery rather than having heat.  Last night I got a red curry with chicken.  I told them "Thai hot" and assured them that I knew what that meant and got a great (and very hot meal).I am a little baffled by the mix of Chinese with the Thai - I guess the Yinzers in Pittsburgh can't really tell one Asian cuisine from another
2	It was a beautiful day in Pittsburgh today - I had to get outside for a walk in the sunshine.  I thought I'd just wander around for Thai lunch and so I ended up at Lemon Grass.  I'll probably not be back.There was just one table of 2 seated and eating when I arrived.  And, a table of 10 leaving and all paying separately.  All using a credit card.  I forgot to mention that the one waitress working is also the cashier.  So, it took quite a while to process this table's payments individually by card.  In moments like these, it's best to just get the one check for the whole table and take the 18% auto gratuity as a courtesy to the server.  (Sorry for the rant there...)All that said, the huge table of 10 had left.  I was dining alone and there was just the other table of 2 in the restaurant.  I thought I would be able to get in and get out for lunch.  But, no such luck.  It took a while for the server to take my order.  The food came out quickly enough.  But it was quite underwhelming.  I settled with the Thai Fried Rice with beef.  There was a ton of Thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming.  I couldn't be sure if the basil was fresh which may be why the dish tasted a bit rancid to me.  My entree also came with a choice of soup and a small vegetarian egg roll.  I chose the hot and sour soup.  The soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour.I was a bit surprised considering that there were a whopping 3 diners in the restaurant that it took a while for the check to arrive and to get drink refills.  I had high hopes for this place but the food and service was just so disappointing.  The hunt continues for decent Asian food near my office in the Allegheny Center...
3	This place has ok thai food.  I recently had lunch here with my boss on her suggestion that we should try this restaurant.  I ordered the chicken basil and it was ok.  I probably won't be back unless my boss really wants to go here again.
3	For years, when going to the theater, my friend and I have eaten across the street at Indian Spices, or occasionally next door at Christo's, looking out one window and into the window of Lemon Grass.  They never looked especially busy (but then during theater times, I've rarely been anywhere downtown that really WAS 'especially busy') and we really didn't know anything about it.  So on this particular foray into a night with Lily Tomlin, we thought we'd try something different.I see all the growling reviews here complaining about...well...everything...from service to food, and frankly, I'm not quite sure we were all at the same restaurant.I'm also a bit confused by most people calling it 'Thai' when the menu says 'Cambodian'.Lemon Grass was pleasant.  They did seem to operate with minimal staff, but they certainly seemed to keep up.  There was a small group of diners when we arrived, and that number grew while we were there, seemed like mostly people who were going to the same show we were.The menu options were quite ethnic and unusual from things I'd seen on most Asian menus, which to me, was very cool. Couldn't pronounce them, but the ingredients were certainly unlike the others, so we decided to try a couple of dishes we'd never tried before, including an appetizer.The appetizers were called 'Na Taings' and were like little non-sweet rice krispie treats that came with a very yummy pork and curry sauce to top them with.  There were five on the plate.  Several of their appetizers came 5 to the plate.  Ok folks, what is UP with the odd numbers on appetizer plates around here lately?  If you're sharing with another person, do we really want to incite a riot over who gets the last one?  Even Stevens is best on any shared plate.  Two for you, two for me, or three for you, three for me...not 'Oh no, you go ahead'  'No, YOU go ahead, really'.Anyway, the appetizer was quite tasty and hit the spot.My friend ordered hot tea, which seemed to come in a magical pot.  The pot was only about two inches tall, and about as round as a very small tortilla, but it filled both of our normal sized cups three times.  It was a beautiful little creation of a pot, I must say. It looked like cast iron, and was very ornamental, and came with its own matching trivet to rest upon.  The tea was a very flavorful jasmine. How six cups managed to fit in that tiny pot is amazing.For the entrees, I cannot remember the names of the dishes, nor can I find them listed online. Lemon Grass doesn't seem to have its own website, and all of the menu sites only appear to have a minimalist lunch menu, or something outdated.My friend ordered something with many vowels and consonants, that was a seafood-curry-vegetable mix on a bed of 'crispy rice noodles', and I ordered another dish with many vowels and consonants, that was a pork based curry and vegetable (but lower on the veggie count) also over a bed of crispy rice noodles.After the waitress took our order, she came back from the kitchen to inform my friend that the dish she'd ordered was out, so my friend opted for the same as I.The dishes arrived.  There was a giant mound of crispy white rice noodles, and they were indeed 'crispy', with a decent sized spot of the actual meat and curry portion nestled against it, with a ginormous decorative flower made of beet (my plate) and carrot (her plate) on a landscaping of parsley.  We switched plates...beets make me gag.  Then the waitress asked if we wanted chopsticks, and well...not so functional for a blind woman, but I opted to use them.The dish was unusual and quite delicious - but a CHORE to eat, with either a fork OR chop sticks.  The first bite I tried to take with the chop sticks literally thrust the end of a very rigid rice noodle right up my right nostril.  In my friend's case, even with a fork, rice noodles were flying.  But, all in all, it was quite delicious. It was pork, a curry gravy, some bean sprouts, and fried egg strips.  Honestly, except for the grrrrrr of trying to contain the crispy rice noodles to the plate, it was a tasty and filling meal.  Quite pleasant, and it was nice to try something 'new' to us.The bill wasn't outrageous, just under $40 for two entrees, an appetizer, and a pot of tea.We both agreed that we'd go back...but next time we'll avoid the 'crispy' noodles for something a bit more malleable like rice or soft noodles.The staff was fine and helpful - the food decent.  Heck the only thing that made the evening even slightly unpleasant was the cackling yinzer at one table who apparently thought she was in her own dining room at home.For the pre-theater or concert scenario, I do recommend it.  It's worth a shot, especially if you're an 'outside the box' eater.  Try something you can't pronounce...what the heck.
1	This restaurant has never been great, but if you wanted an Asian restaurant in the Cultural District it was an OK place to go. However, last night's dinner was just plain bad. I had beef salad, and it was some coolish beef on iceberg lettuce with sliced onions and a totally forgetful sauce. Nothing like the mix of sweet, sour, and spice that it should have. I also had tofu panang. It was also virtually tasteless. Some coconut milk flavoring in otherwise nondescript brown sauce with no spiciness.
1	A very lovely name for a very terrible resturant. The food is bland, bland bland. How this place can serve such flavorless food and stay open for years is beyond me. The inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained. I decided  to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce. The sauce was slimy and the broccoli was water logged and over cooked.  As if it has set in a pot of luck warm water for hours before being served to me. I'm noticing a theme of horrible resturants on 6th Street and I don't like it.
