5	We are real estate brokers with Coldwell Banker and are constantly helping our customers find fair and reliable contractors.  We have had the pleasure of using Roofing Consultants of Arizona for about the last 15 years and I have to say that they are easy to refer.  In all these years we've never had a complaint from one of our customers about the service they received.  They're not the cheapest in town but then again they're not the most expensive either.  But when it comes to wanting quality help, the cheapest is not what you should look for anyway.  Especially when something as important as the roof over your head is concerned.  Give them a try.  You won't be disappointed!
5	This is a great company and they do the job very well. They took great care of me, and I will definitely use them again in the future. I recommend them to anyone in need of their services.
5	I called the Roofing Consultants after the hail storm in Phoenix. They were extremely professional and courteous. They made this extremely frustrating process smooth and easy to handle. They did a wonderful job getting the work done on schedule and to my expectations. I would definitely refer Roofing Consultants of Arizona to anyone looking!
5	I have referred Roofing Consultants of Arizona on many occasions over the past 10 plus years. They are quick to come out when it isn't raining, but that is to be expected. Very helpful though in those moments as I had a customer who had a leak and the roof was ceiling inside was bubbling and they told them to put a screwdriver in the bubble to relieve the water that was building up. They have great prices and do an excellent job, you don't get that way being in business for over 30 years. I don't ever hesitate to refer these guys as I always get my customers calling me THANKING ME for a Great Referral!!!Keep up the great work Dale and Jason and Company!!!
5	We have used Roofing consultants for 10 years on 4 different projects.  They are polite, respond well, and always follow up.  They have a good system with Supervision of the job progress. If there is a problem later with any part of the work,  they have come back and fixed the problem to our satisfaction.  I recommend them to my family and friends.
5	I had these guys come out and fix my roof 2.5 years ago when I bought my home, they didn't try to over sell me anything. They rebuilt a piece on my roof that needed fixed, replaced some missing tiles and some black paper not sure what it was called now.
5	This company was a pleasure to work with all around. I had 4 quotes done for my little 1200 sq ft home, and not only were they the first to come out and the friendliest, they also quoted the best price. I was hoping they would also come through and be great to work with, and they definitely did. The company was extremely easy to communicate with on the phone, in person and by email. They came when they said they would, kept everything clean around my house...important with kids...and everyone who was at our house was friendly to us and our neighbors. The job was completed slightly ahead of their predicted schedule. I'm not a realtor, just a regular person, so I don't have a lot of experience in this industry. But I would highly recommend this company based on my experience!
5	I called Roofing Consultants of Arizona for a chimney area leak. Gary called the next business day to schedule an appointment for the free estimate. He was friendly, professional and knowledgeable about the repairs that needed to be done. I was relieved to find out he wasn't pushy about doing extra work that didn't need to be done right now. Gary's estimate was in line with the other bids I got. I was sold on their long track record, high ratings on Yelp and their #2 ranking in the recent Phoenix Business Journal's report of best roofing companies. After I approved the bid, Ryan, the scheduler, called to get me in the que to get the repairs done as soon as possible. The roofer was professional and showed up on time. He completed the work quickly and it looks to me, a laymen, that the work is very high quality. RCA showed me they care when a field superintendent showed up shortly after the roofer started to check on the progress, give me his direct line with a business card, and make sure I had all of my questions answered. Wow, that was very impressive! My roof is near it's 30-year life so I'll definitely be calling Roofing Consultants of Arizona in a couple of years when it's time for a new roof. This company knows how to run a business with a high level of customer care. The estimate, scheduling, billing and craftsmanship were all very well done!
