4	A  REAL Polish deli and Polish Food place finally arrives!!  Family owned, by 1st generation immigrants =) Listen up... if you like sausage, european juices, homemade pierogis.. I just found my @ home store in Pittsburgh. They just opened last week (Dec. 15 or so) and are still building their store so its not all finished.. but when they are done they will have hot polish food for lunch and take out. Yes!!! The couple is from Poland that moved here a couple years ago. They import their sausage from Joe & Frank in Chicago. I grew up in Chicago for 16 years (after immigrating from Poland) and this Joe & Frank make their own varities that are really really good, probabbly the best in North Side Chicago. The prices are very reasonable! S&D Deli is on Penn between 22 and 23rd. They are still in construction but I encourage you all to visit and help this couple start up.I know I will! I was so extremely happy to find the food that Ive been missing since moving here a year ago.... They do have the best (next to Chicago) sausages from Joe & Frank and are friendly in explaining the varieites. Try the Kabanosy, they are my favourite. They also carry Tymbark juices like Cherry and  Apple Cherry etc.. they are really really good. The wife makes fresh pierogis too that i havent tried but its a great idea.I also found fresh saurkraut there AND polish dried mushrooms (maslaki).. and all the chocolates I adore... Im sorry im just so elated with this..Im so elated that Im thinking of offering to help them out promoting their shop at polish events around town.Pittsburgh really needs this!! And i hope that they make it .
5	This store has a huge variety of foods imported from Poland, and other Polish treats from elsewhere, including a large selection of meats from Joe & Frank's Sausage Co. in Chicago, as well as a hot bar where you can get freshly prepared foods, and a nice sitting area to eat there.  The owners, including their adorable children who can often be seen around the store, are extremely nice people.  This place opened just before Christmas 2008 and I hope it succeeds!
5	Great fresh food. Now they have a website:www.sdpolishdeli.com
5	I like this place even more since a recent visit showed me that their candy aisle is now enormous, and offers very good prices (better than those of another certain candy store close by!) on sweets from Poland as well as other places, including brands such as Milka and Kinder.
5	Fantastic authentic pierogies.  Wonderful texture and that very subtle pierogi taste.  They even have plum for the true pierogi aficionado.  The restaurant is in the back of a polish deli/grocer with lots of great Poland food.  I even picked up a t-shirt that said "got pierogi?".
4	We went down to the S&D Polish Deli on a Saturday afternoon.   The restaurant was crowed with half the people speaking English and the other half speaking Polish (always a good sign).   We ordered the Pork Stew over dumplings, and the dish was delicious.   They also serve alot of other authentic Polish dishes.  The prices were very reasonable and the dining area was clearn (but nothing fancy).   If you're in Pittsburgh and want good Polish food like grandma used to make, this is your place!
4	Great Polish Deli right in the Strip. Always get the fresh sauerkraut and homemade pickles they keep behind the counter. Great kielbasa and smoked meats. AJW loves the European candy aisle. All sorts of great goods for people (like me) who love Eastern European food. Some of the prepared food is flat out great. The braised pork knuckle is out of this world and not a cut you find everyday. People running it are super knowledgeable, and nice. They never fail to give AJW a piece of candy and make her smile. It's places like this that make you fall in love with Pittsburgh.
5	While searching for a place to find pierogis around strip district, yelp led me to this place.  Looking at the many european goodies around the store, I was excited to try the food, located in the rear of the store. I can't say that I'm a pierogi connoisseur, but given the huge variety of salty and sweet kinds they had, I tried quite a few of them and liked them all! i haven't tried or seen sweet pierogies anywhere else, so seeing the strawberry one that i ordered, topped with sour cream, I was pleasantly surprised by how well it concluded my meal.besides the slightly slow wait (which is understandable due to the small staff), i'll definitely be back!
5	This place is incredible, I have to say. The pierogis(4 for $4) are stunningly good, the dough is so soft that it melts like butter in your mouth(Or maybe that's just all of the butter, they give plenty!), and the insides are flavorful. These aren't your standard freezer pierogis, full of bland potato mush - whoever is making these has perfected their craft, and cares about every one.I've also tried a few other items, like the borscht... It wasn't my favorite, pretty lightly flavored, but that's OK, it wasn't bad, just not as hearty as I would like. The store is filled with funny polish novelty convenience store items, including chocolate bars and other knick-knacks. The back seating area takes up about half of the store.I do have one complaint about this place, and that's the wait. They have a poster that says you can get any pierogi filling with a 10 minute wait - or cheddar cheese, cottage cheese, or kraut+mushroom immediately, which to me implies that your wait when there is nobody else in the place would be less than 10 minutes. Every time I'm in here, though, I'm waiting well over 10 minutes to get an order, so they should really try and cut down on the wait time.Also, like every other place in the strip, S&D is plagued by not being open long enough, so my only chance to enjoy is to try and make a bus trip on my lunch break or fight parking on the weekends - neither appealing, but I have taken both options to sink my teeth into these delicious pierogis
5	I love the food at the S & D Polish Deli. The borscht and perogies are amazing! The place is very clean and smells great!
3	I have to start this with the fact that I'm not partial to Eastern European food.  It sits a bit heavy and greasy to my liking.  So my review may be slightly biased.  Still, when in Rome.....  I tried some of the pierogis.  They were all prepared as well as can be.  Moist, rich filling.  They had fresh fillings and the dough was still moist.  As good as they could possibly be.  They had a sweet and savory quality.  I would rank it as good as any polish food as I've had.
4	For decades I've been hoping for a good eastern european restaurant in Pittsburgh.   Everyone always says that Pittsburghers won't pay for what they get at home.   Really?  There are masses of us that eat this kind of food at home in 2012?Actually I think S&D partially fills this Pittsburgh void.   Their deli and take out food is really really good.        The deli is exceptional and lovingly operated.  The dessert section has sweets that might look different, but are fantastic!  (I love the cheese cakes and the merangue cakes!)The take-out/eat in area looks very sparse and can be a wait.  The food is delicious, but beware....it is polish and not always polish american!  The pieogi are always home made and a pleasure to eat!The feel of the whole place is family run and you can tell they are aspiring to be great!    I stop in at S&D everytime I'm in the strip.   Now if they (or someone else) could fill the niche of Eastern European diner or proper sit-down restaurant....I'd be completely happy!
4	Nice little deli with a few tables to sit down and grab a bit to eat off their menu. I got the Kielbasa sandwich and it was very good. I also had some perogies that were pretty tasty. All in all it's a good place to come in and grab a bite for lunch or shop for some specialty Polish hams. Not a dinner place. Very friendly and attentive staff.
4	We were visiting my wife's family in Western Penn last June, and she was emphatic that we could not visit Pittsburgh without eating pierogis at least once.  Now, I'm down with anything doughy in general, and I'd been a fan of pierogis since discovering them in Ukrainian diners in New York.  I did some research on the Pittsburgh version, and on the first day we went to Penn Brewery and had an order of the pan fried ones there.  They were very good.  My wife was pleased.The second day we happened to be wandering around The Strip and I mentioned that another Pierogi place I'd read about was close by.  That would be S&D, and we wandered down Penn until we found it.  Now, I'm just going to tell you right off that they only lose a star because of ambiance.  I'll get to the food in a moment, but the place itself is something like a Polish convenience store.  Maybe they do most of their trade in wholesale, I don't know, but the place itself is sort of austere.  You order at a window and then wait at a table under really bright fluorescent lighting until they call your order.  I like atmosphere; that's not what S & D offers.  Staff are professional and that's about it.All that to say, when we got our pierogis, they blew my mind.  One order of the potato-cheese and one order of the mushroom-kraut.  Just steamed.  Like I said, I've had many pierogi experiences, but what I realized after my first bite of an S & D one was that all the previous ones had been, basically, very pleasant sour cream/apple sauce delivery devices.  Just as these were, steamed with a splash of butter and kraut, they were incredible.  The best I've ever had, and my wife would say the same.When I finally got around to writing this review, I noticed the other review below, the one claiming that S & D is importing their pierogis and not making them in house.  Look, I don't want to get in the middle of any Pittsburgh pierogi war - but that is difficult to reconcile with what I experienced.  Though not from these parts, I'm an avid eater and cook, and I feel reasonably confident that I would have noticed the evidence of that.  I encourage you to try it and judge for yourself.
5	Being a transplant Pittsburgher (and partially Polish) that now lives in Florida, I am so sad that I have just been introduced to this place on vacation. Oh my goodness, probably the best pierogies that I've ever had. Love the store itself, amazing selection of everything Polish. A must-stop when in the 'burgh!
5	The dumplings are just SO good!  I love old school places like this.  Didn't have the sausages, but they looked heavenly.  If you're in Pittsburgh, this is a MUST-stop on the strip.
4	I never understood the whole pierogi obsession in Pittsburgh. Don't get me wrong, they're fine, but I never found them exciting. S&D's are kind of exciting! I had never had soft, doughy pierogi like this! You could actually taste the melted cheese inside the cheddar ones--this is nothing like Mrs. T's frozen lumps of starch.While the shop closes at 4:30, the kitchen closes at 3:30, and you probably want to get here before 3. We arrived at 3:20, not knowing the kitchen closed early, and the Polish woman working the kitchen was VERY reluctant to cook any food for us. We felt bad so we only ordered off the quick menu (there's I think 4 different types you can get right away, but if you want to wait longer they have tons of other options, including fruit-filled!).The grocery section had a large variety of Polish goods. As an Italian, I feel more at home surrounded by pasta and mozzarella cheese, but I imagine this place would be a wonderful refuge for those with Polish roots. Watch what you're buying though, many of the canned goods were well past their expiration dates.
4	The mushroom pierogi are delicious. I wasn't a fan of the cheddar. I'd come back.
1	If you like cold and sub-par pierogies, go here.
4	Nom nom. I haven't been to a really good Polish deli in a very long time- we are short on them in Ohio. However, on a recent trip to Pittsburgh- I found this place on the recommendation of fellow yelpers. I destroyed half of a pierogi platter (6 pierogis including cheddar and potato, farmers cheese and potato and kraut/mushroom). I was a fan. Add in the spunky little woman behind the counter, the beautiful day outside, the extremely reasonable price and this great little neighborhood (strip district)... and you are lucky I don't intend on becoming a permanent resident.
5	I went to this place in the spring of 2013 after not stopping inside for many years. They've remodeled-- I don't know when exactly that happened but it was a GREAT remodeling job, I just love the new reorganization of everything!  Nice, reasonably priced Polish lunch food, nice people, and much, much more. Love it.
5	Kiebasy platter is great! Clean, and friendly!
4	The deli has a variety of meats (head cheese, kielbasa) and cheeses along with stuffed cabbage, potato & apple pancakes and pasztecik.Towards the back, you can order dine in food - pirogies, kilebasa, etc and mix and match combo plates. Nothing is above $11. Love these pirogies. I sampled the cheddar and potato, kraut and mushroom and farmers cheese. Fried is $1 more. I always prefer mine boiled. Yum!
5	Authentic, fantastic polish food. While the prices are slightly steep for eastern European fare, the shear volume of food you get is astounding. I got the kielbasy  platter which included a sizable piece of kielbasa, 3 pierogi (which were fried/sauteed) and haluszki (apparently Pittsburgh style which I've never heard of - they seemed like normal haluszki to me). Additionally my wife and I split the bigos which was very good - not greasy at all. What makes the food so good is most of it is covered in butter - but you don't get polish food if you are watching your figure. Also, this place sells tons of polish meats and deli style items at the best prices I have seen in quite a while - they get all their stuff from a deli in Chicago. They even have pork in aspic (galareta) which is pretty rare and I've only seen for sale once in Chicago. My wife got the meatless platter which includes potato pancakes in place of the kielbasa. Overall, the food and portions were excellent. I plan of frequenting this place at least 2x/month.
4	The deli has a wide selection of polish meats, mustards, frozen perogies, and canned goods such as pickles and turnips. They also have a service counter that cooks polish specialties such as kielbasa and perogies.
4	Went to the Hometown Homegrown Food Expo at the Heinz History Center, where they had a pierogi contest. After tasting about 4 different restaurants' pierogis (Braddock's, James Street Gastropub, Samantha Stone Catering, & this place), they had the best! Their spinach, kraut & mushroom, and potato & cheddar pierogis were all delicious! I'm going to have make my way to their actual deli now.
4	Such a simple little Polish deli but so good. We stumbled upon this place while exploring the Strip District and are thankful we did.I ordered the six pierogies, as an assortment, so we could try the various fillings. What arrived were six of the same (which was fine - they were absolutely delightful!) -- kraut and mushroom, with a cup of creamy thick sour cream. The melted butter and extra kraut on top made for a perfect dish. We also had the cabbage roll which was full of flavor.Prices are on point and the food felt authentic. There's not much in terms of ambiance but we enjoyed our experience for a light lunch.
5	Yeah, Awesome.I always expect nothing but excellence in the Strip District when it comes to specialty cuisines and S&D Polish Deli is no exception.  I came in moderately hungry (had a lobster roll from Wholey's and a chicken skewer from Sam Bok) and by the time I saw the massive collection of sausages, my mind raced and effectively made a decision for me to be hungry again).  I was really at a loss for what to pick and the exceptionally friendly people behind the counter allowed me to sample over a dozen different types until I finally settled on the cured beef sausage which was just delicious.  Other items to try is the awesome array of pierogies  and potato pancakes - just astounding.  S&D is the kind of place you want to go to after you have just watched a documentary of how sausages are made in old Europe - it completely satisfies your hankering and leaves you hungry for more.  I can't wait to make another trip here.
5	The food was EXCELLENT! The restaurant is a very casual, home style feel where food is ordered at the window and made to order! I had the pierogis, potato pancakes and noodles and cabbage.  Each dish was better than the next! I can't wait to order food from them online - I don't live in Pittsburgh!
5	awesome polish and slovakian food.  the end.
5	Oh My God!  Best pierogies ever! So glad I found this place. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh I will stock up to bring home!
4	Delightful lunch surprise - I yelped something while my friend had taken me to the Strip District during my visit. It was a bit of a bargain, too. My friend and I split the pierogi platter, some stuffed cabbage rolls, and potato pancakes. The sour cream was a little sweet, which I thought was odd. But all three varieties of pierogi were delicious. The cabbage rolls were tender and tasty, and the potato pancakes were a little oily, but also good. Would definitely go again during another visit.
5	I stopped by here today with my father for lunch.  Even though I had never been to S & D's before I was the one who recommended that we eat here since my father is half Polish and half Slovak.  Whenever you walk into the store/restaurant the first thing that you notice is a huge display case and a number of tables and chairs.  Inside of the display case is a bunch of different sausages and many other types of polish food.  Moving beyond that takes you to an area with a huge menu on the wall and then a small window where you can order your hot lunch.  Finally beyond that is a Polish store which has a number of different food items including a number of pierogi's, chocolate and oodles of Polish related items and clothing.Before we went to the restaurant I had looked at the menu and thought that I would be ordering the Red Borscht and Slovak style haluszki.  However as I was standing at the window about to order I made a game time decision and switched to the White Borscht since I wanted some kielbasy slices instead of dumplings.  My father ended up deciding on the Polish Platter which consisted of 3 potato pierogi's, Pittsburgh haluszki (noodles with cabbage onions and butter), a stuffed cabbage and a drink from the cooler.  After you place your order here you are given a number which is then called through a speaker system when your food is ready.  Whenever our number was called the cashier explained to me that my Slovak haluszki was still finishing cooking and that she would bring it out to me.  So I ended up starting with the White Borscht.  Since I have never White Borscht before I can't really comment too much on it other than it tasted as described on the menu.  It was a semi thick soup with a sour taste which I really enjoyed and I think paired perfectly with the kielbasy pieces which had a smoky flavor to them that cut through the sourness of the soup.  After I had finished my soup the haluski came out.  It was described on the menu as being made of potato noodles with cheese and bacon and came out looking unlike any dish I had ever seen before.  The potato noodles were a beige to brownish color and having a lack of a better way to describe them were somewhat gnocchi like in texture and shape although quite a bit heavier.  They were covered with a soft white cheese and bacon and ended up tasting really good.  My dad also really enjoyed them whenever he tried them.  As for his food he really enjoyed the haluszki, enjoyed the pierogi filling but thought the outer dough was a bit thick and finally thought the stuffed cabbage was just ok.The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future and I would especially recommend it to anyone who is of Polish descent.  The food was really good and the store itself a neat place but my favorite part of our lunch was all of the memories that those foods brought back for my father.  He told me stories about my grandparents and great-grandparents that I have never heard before which I loved.  As we were leaving the restaurant he also told me that he would like to go back in the future and take his sister and cousin.
2	Not really sure what all the hype is about here.. Sure they have a lot of different options to choose from but I'd prefer quality over quantity.. The potato pancakes were a pleather of nothing but grease and bland flavor.. The stuffed cabbage, well Let's just not even talk about that. I don't want to sound mean but this just isn't the real deal.. A lot of people have the misconception that if it's in the strip, it has to be good. I think you have to truly know what something is supposed to taste like before you can say it's great.. Just my opinion though. Not impressed or satisfied and probably won't return sorry
4	I enjoy trying different types of foods from different places and the S&D Polish Deli really provides that.  This is a cute little place on the strip with women who actually speak the language. The setup is a bit odd, the tables unstable and honestly they all needed a good wipe down. I asked for and did my table myself. Oh well, they weren't perfect.On to the food! I went with the Polish Platter which consisted of Halupki, perogies, a mammoth pig in the blanket and a drink. I did get a extra pig because I have portion issues. Plus my W refuses to make them because we aren't polish. What kind of reason is that?! Anyway, the food was well seasoned and hot on the plate. Also, the lunch was $11 which isn't too bad for the strip. Hope you enjoy my picture. :)
5	I am a frequent visitor to the Strip and never knew about this place.  Thanks to Groupon we bought a deal for 4 to take a pierogi making class.  Multiple dates and times were offered and the Wednesday class from 6:30-8:30 worked best for our group. This got us in to the store and after seeing all of the delicious deli items (including a nut roll that looks amazing) I can't wait to go back for lunch. They are looking to expand and add other classes but I recommend the pierogi making one. It was well organized and the 2 instructors (Polish of course) were fantastic!  They gave us a simple to use recipe and careful instructions.  We watched as they prepared the filling and dough and then were able to roll out our own pierogis.  We then boiled them in a pot (my only complaint is that were ran out of time at the end of the class to cook them for the right time) and take a dozen home with us!  They were absolutely delicious and of course the butter/onion topping was a great touch.
5	My family is polish, and this place has the best pierogis I've had. Get some other polish staples from the attached deli and grocery store!Service is good as well, you order from a window and take it to a table. There is not much seating, so you might not find any during the lunch rush!
5	If you are like me and have never tried a pierogi... Go here! From what I am told very authentic. I loved them! Try the pierogi platter so you can get a variety. Perfect for lunch or brunch.
5	A trip to this deli/store is a trip down memory lane for me.  I'm 100% Polish and grew up with grandparents making pierogi and other Polish treats.  There are essentially two portions to this shop.  The deli that serves the meals and the convenience store type back end of the shop.  The food they serve is home made and authentic.  The platters may seem pricey at $11 each, but well worth it for the amount of food that you get.  The store portion has a great selection of Polish related trinkets and apparel.  Think butter lamb molds, Polish flags, decorated easter eggs and a plethora of mugs, keychains, etc.  The back portion of the store has the treats they serve in the deli in frozen form along with a variety of Polish grocery items ranging from candy to tea and everything in between.My favorite part of S&D is that they have started doing cooking classes.  The first of the series was a pierogi making class.  It was well organizes and so much fun!  I purchased our class through Groupon but would have paid the full price with how much fun we had.  The instructor Marta and her assistant were funny and helpful.  I felt like I had known them my whole life by the time we were leaving the store.  The class started with Marta showing us how the dough is made (with one person from the class assisting).  Then she walks you through how one filling is made (potato and farmer's cheese with onion).  Because of the class size and time, these steps are done for the group as a whole rather than individually.  Once those initial steps are done, each participant is given their dough and filling and after brief instruction on the proper way to close the pierogi, you are let loose.  The nice thing is that the instructors are there for you to go over whether your dough is rolled thin enough, if you have the right amount of stuffing, etc.After you finish your pierogis, you take them over to the pots and boil them.  You can eat them in the store that evening or take them home.  Most people gobbled theirs up because they were so tasty.  I really look forward to seeing what class they offer next and will likely sign up shortly after it is announced.
5	Did the cooking class! Very fun and educational. Delicious food. Great workers. Stop in for lunch!!
5	The most authentic polish food I have ever had.. The good was to die for and I would suggest to anyone and everyone who is interested in the infamous Pittsburgh Periogies to come here, YALL WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!
5	Although I have no Polish heritage, I have enjoyed Polish cuisine over the years. The perogis and stuffed cabbage were excellent. The kielbasa was tasty and cooked to perfection. It's crowded so you might have to get a meal to take away.
4	Take my review with a grain of salt since I can't remember the last time I've had polish food, if ever, but god dang the pierogis and beet soup were flavorful. The pierogis were simple and hearty and the soup was complex and a treat for the taste buds. I also had the kielbasa and cabbage- both were okay but nothing spectacular. All in all, for its price point, you better be coming here instead of some chain restaurant.
5	We walked into this unassuming store just because of the food photos on the front door. It's an odd looking place, like it doesn't know what it wants to be...is it a restaurant, a deli, a bodega or a sports apparel store? Well, it turns out it's all of the above. Although the restaurant is odd looking - you order at a small window in the middle of the store - the food is 100% worth it! We got two kinds of pierogies - sauerkraut and mushroom/cheese - and a pig in a blanket (which is spicy meat wrapped in a cabbage leaf). Both were absolutely amazing - as if my Polish grandmother had made them herself. The grocery store also offered unique polish groceries - we got a spicy mustard that was very delicious. It lasted about a week in our house as we ended up putting it on everything. The best part of the experience was the great customer service from the authentically Polish girls that were working behind the counter. Overall, everything was excellent and we will definitely return!! PS: I'm not polish and I don't have a Polish grandmother:)
5	This place is wonderful, and--in my opinion--puts so many things I love about Pittsburgh into one tiny location. The ethnic pride. The chaos. The friendliness. The great food.I'm half Polish, though I didn't really grow up eating too much Polish food (or, at least, too much authentic Polish food). My wife and I stopped at a killer, real-deal Polish restaurant in Montreal a few years ago, though, and that started my quest for amazing Polish food. Which quickly led us to S&D in the Strip. It's a pretty narrow place, and it always seems packed (even on weekdays). The space is pretty evenly divided between retail, deli, and a small dining space. You can order food and eat it, and boy is it good. I've tried about four different dishes there, all incredible. (Personal recommendation: the pork stew on dumplings is tops. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!) This is all authentic stuff, folks, and, the folks in the tiny kitchen whip it up quickly. There's limited space to eat, though, and even then the tables are wobbly and kind of gross. This might be the only qualm I have with the place, and it's really a minor one.There're a lot of Polish and Eastern European household goods jammed into the back of the shop, too--everything from teas to pottery to chocolate to frozen pierogi. Lots of kitschy "Kiss Me, I'm Polish"-style shirts adorn the walls, of course, but they also have some lovely glassware and the like. Some of the imported goods are wonderful, too. I picked up a box of Herbapol mint tea once on a whim and now I'll never touch drink anything else.The good folks there--all family, I think--are super friendly, switch back and forth between English and Polish for effect. There's always a huge link snaking past the deli meat and cheese display, and customers are always so good-natured. I love it, and I love this place. Hope you will too!
4	Delicious Polish food, just like Grandma used to make (if at slightly higher prices)! Extensive meat/grocery selection, as well as frozen pierogis, homemade sauerkraut, and cute Polish tchotchkes to take home. Whenever I'm craving comfort food in Pittsburgh, I'll know where to come.
4	Delicious pierogis! I've been waiting for these for awhile, since LA doesn't have great polish food. We went later in the day, so they didn't have as many fresh ready to make pierogis. But the flavors I had were:Regular potato and onionCheddar and onionBeef and sauerkrautCheeseThey were boiled, not fried, and fell apart in your mouth. Delicious and tasteful, I ate 4 by myself in like 2 minutes. Only knock is there weren't available more flavors. Next time I'll come early!
5	OMG- if you want real polish food this is the best place to eat. The Polish platter is Great tons of food and worth every penny. I'm used to Polish food because my husband's family is Polish, believe me this place is authentic. Some of the best haluski I have ever had. Not only is the food fresh but they have a huge variety, Will definitely be back the next time we are in the strip District.
4	I'm not a huge pierogi fan but I couldn't shake off my craving for something doughy and cheesy so based on the reviews I decided to head over to S&D Polish Deli to try their pierogies.  I got 2 cheddar cheese/potato and 2 sauerkraut and mushroom.  Between the two I prefeerd the cheese/potato but I could see how depending on your mood and craving you might want to check out the sauerkraut and mushroom.All of the pierogies tasted fresh and had a bit of that salty fried in butter taste, but it wasn't overpowering.  It was actually just right.  I wasn't a fan of the chives/parsley they put on top, but maybe that's something I'll need to remember for when I get my next pierogi craving.
5	I came for the pierogies, and I was not let down. This was my second stop for food in the strip district. We had already had a good sized meal next door, so we just shared a plate. I prefer mine cooked, rather than fried. They have several different flavors to choose from, and they are sort of swimming in this really nice butter sauce. They were very well done and great comfort food. I have no complaints, it is very stripped down and to the point. I enjoyed very much and would go back again and again
5	Great food. We will definitely be back.  We had only pierogis and all were amazing.  particularly, I loved the kraut and meet combination and the farmers cheese by itself.  Next time, I will get both of those and maybe some kraut by itself, as that must be good as well.  Although the insides play a big part, the dough of the pierogis were exceptional and you could tell that they were very fresh and homemade.  Thank you.  Note, that most of the other stores in the neighborhood are very touristy.  That's just an FYI.
5	This is one of the best places in Pittsburgh if you like East European food. I have been to Poland and this deli makes authentic delicious food.  Anything you order is good, but I prefer the cheese pierogies and sauerkraut pierogies. The halushkj is also great.  Take home some Wawel chocolate for dessert!
