1	Saturday, March 13,2004 1:47 a.m., Silver Saddle SaloonIn the back corner of the parking lot at the Silver Saddle Saloon and Dancehall on East Charleston Boulevard, 28-year-old tradesman Miguel Marcos is drinking tall cans of Budweiser and bobbing his head to mariachi music blasting from a car a few rows away. He says how much he likes the people--particularly the women--who come to the Silver Saddle, but he admits he can't remember a visit when he hasn't seen a fight."Man, I've seen some people take some beatings in this place," Marcos says. "I saw a guy get punched so hard that his nose, like, disappeared. It was just gone."At the bar's entrance, Wranglers and Stetsons mingle with jerseys and baggy pants, and a steady flow of people continues to come and go. The sidewalk leading to the entryway is splashed with vomit, and every time the doors swing open, a burst of festive music rushes outside. A white Ford F-150 pickup pulls up and stops at the front door. The truck idles for a moment before a young man runs up from behind and hurls a bottle through its rear window.The window explodes like a gunshot, and bystanders (including the once-intrepid, now terror-stricken journalist) scatter for cover behind columns, trash cans and parked cars. As a half-dozen yellow-shirted bouncers pour into the parking lot, two other cars pull up and the scene flares into an old-fashioned brawl. In the middle of the fight, one of the bouncers produces a baton and smashes the driver's-side window of a red Honda Accord. More punches are thrown, Spanish curses are exchanged and after several minutes, the cars--including the white F-150--screech off into the night.No one calls the police.A few minutes later, the only remnants of the melee are a pair of broken bottles and a small pile of safety glass. Nearby, Mia and Marcia, regulars at the Silver Saddle, lean casually against a car in the parking lot. Asked if fights are common at the bar, Mia responds, "Oh, no, only like six times a night.""Mexicans and tequila just don't mix," she adds.But according to the women, the Silver Saddle is tame compared with some other Spanish-speaking bars in the area. Asked to be more specific, both single out the the El Parral at 953 E. Sahara Ave. in Commercial Center.The records support their claim. Since December, there have been at least six police reports from bars at 953 E. Sahara, and before that, there was a series of unsolved shootings. In an Oct. 28 incident, two men drinking in the parking lot were shot and killed a little before 5 a.m. A few months earlier, two other men were gunned down outside the El Parral. According to a news release posted on the Metro website, "several Hispanic males were seen leaving the area of the shooting.""It's terrible," says Mia. "I've been there twice. The first time was about three years ago, and they killed somebody. Then I went back around seven or eight months ago, and they were shooting again."Looking up and down, she concludes, "You probably shouldn't go there. They might kill you."----Update 2009Once known as the Silver Dollar, a decades-old rough-and-tumble country music bar with a unique "grandfathered" casino gaming license, the renamed Silver Saddle changed to a Latino-oriented crowd in 1997.  The nightclub  is working on plans to expand its entertainment space and casino and parking in an area only a few miles south of a Hispanic neighborhood of about 40,000.Inside the club, the Silver Saddle's growing pains are evident, as dozens of old-fashioned, small club tables with white tablecloths crowd the center of the venue, facing an aging, Pergo laminated wood dance floor in front of a black-colored stage for bands, lit by overhead spotlights and a 1970s mirrored disco ball.To the south is a U-shaped video poker bar, with TVs on the wall tuned to Spanish soap operas. On the north end is the club's small casino, with a pair of covered blackjack tables. The place, which retains the non-restricted casino license from its Silver Dollar days, has 40 gaming machines.Recently, the 1.9-acre club property, at 2501 E. Charleston, went through a crucial ownership change. The previous owner, Saeed Shakeri, president of Silver Saddle Inc., of Nevada, sold it last May to Lumax Gaming, Inc. of Nevada, represented by Scott W. Hartman, of New York, for $7 million.Owners of the 2,800-square-foot club would first add a parking structure, and then knock down the north wall to make way for a new 5,000-square-foot building just for live club entertainment. With the stage, tables and dance floor gone, more gaming would be added to the original building, amounting to about 120-130 slots, plus the table games. They also plan to add a sports book, taking bets on among other things, soccer games, popular among Latinos.
3	My bf and I are orig. from TX where going to a bar/club to hear some mexican music and having a few cold ones is a common thing to do. But not in San Diego. So it had been about 2 years since we'd been able to do that. and we were so excited to just go somewhere ANYWHERE in a public setting and hear mexican music  - LIVE or juke box - and we were so excited to do so. sad huh? We were driving around and decided to gps it and somehow Jesus directed us here. HEHe it was funny. This place is straight comedy. If you've ever seen the movie Date night w/ Tina Fey and michael scott guy - where they people watch and make up stories about different couples, ex) 1st date - 3rd date etc. that's us. We love to talk smack and just have fun. We arrived here early enough to not pay a cover chg. saturday night - and it happened to be during lent and we'd given up beer  - so we had to drink mixed drinks - oh poor us - but theyw ere kinda pricy = if you drink a few of them anyway. Now, the funny part.. there was a guy that was sitting near us. Now I didn realize it at first but the guy was wearing generic -non brand sweat pants w/ the 2 white strips on the side with a Bill Cosby sweater. Now if you looked quickly this stood out b/c he was ALSO wearing a HOT PINK G-STRING THONG. I took a double take - and told my bf to look and he was like who? eh looked over and could stop laughing. Oh my. now the guy was taking a nap in front of his tupperware dish b/c apparently he had brought his own lunch to the club. I guess he'd been there awhile.  he'd wake up go dance, then sit, take another 5 min nap or so and then get up and repeat this cycle. Now the girl he was there w/ was jumping on every guy in a10 ft' radius and it was aparent b/c she woudl walk up to them and grap their junk. Yes. in front of everyone. No shame no hesitation. And nobody was excited by her. apparently. It was just sad. I think she was one of those girls that used to be pretty. Oh it was drama unfolding. It was live entertainment at its finest. oh and the live music band was good too. the Pink G-string guy got up several times and danced a sexy dance for the ladies at nearby tables sticking out his 5 month prego belly - and running his hands thru his short hair. Oh it was just too much toooo hard not laugh out loud. I wondered if he was trying to be sexy or funny? Tthe 2nd time we came here.. guess who was there? the  same pink g-string thong guy! and a few of his crew came with but it wasnt as many - it was  a friday night this time. (we've only been here 2x) just too funny. If you haven been here you have to see it at least once. everyone talks about violence but weve never seen it. I was grabbed though on my way bk from the ladies room and  i jsut kept walking and the guy just kept walking too =hooked to my arm. I guess I paused and tried to detach him and some guys nearby caught sight of this and lunged for him along w/ my bf who was @ our table - So as he saw 3 guys lunging @ him - he backed off. But I can see how that could have gotten ugly real fast!  All in all, i think you just have to know how to conduct yourself in a place like this and you can have a great time. dont start drama and dont encourage drama and you'll have a blast.
2	Getting Groovy.I love dancing especially Mexican music. I can pretty much dance to any type of music.On Saturdays this place gets packed. Really really full, to the point that when you walk to that dance area, there isn't that much space to get jiggly with it. If you know what I mean ;)I have to be honest this place is really ghetto. Seriously You can be here til 6am and Nobody cares. The age group is much older, although there is sometimes some nice talent in there. When ever you leave if you are hungry there is a taco truck outside. I have seen in the parking lot people getting high. Car getting stolen. People like myself at one point getting intoxicated in the parking lot. (JUST BEING HONEST)If you want a table here you pretty much almost have to pay for it. I have been here several times with my bffs and somehow always have to buy 3 or more buckets which are $36 for 6 beers. (wth) Instead I buy 3 pitchers that are prepared like MicheladaS. for $30 all 3.  They have a vending machine for cigarette's.(LOL)Here is the worst part, SECURITY they are pervs to the max. I mean absolutely no respect for the opposite gender. Plus they don't actually secure anything, because every time I have been here there has been a fight. Or people falling over or sleeping on the bar.Over all the music they play is good. I haven't been here in ages. Since one security guard got killed.
2	I still can't figure out why my friend picked this place, but since I hadn't been, I thought  what the hell.  I had driven by it before, heard about it and thought it would be another cool experience of Las Vegas.Well, it was a unique one.  The place was DEAD at 7 on a Friday...I mean NO ONE there but the bartender, a very drunk woman playing video poker at the bar and the two of us.  Oh wait...there was a security guard at the door for some reason, even though he didn't move the entire time we were there.The place is much bigger than it looked, and the beer was cold which is always good.  The beer selections was not, but $2 each I didn't complain to much.  We had a few beers then it started to "Hop" as the bartender commented.  Yep...there was a whooping 8 people in the place when we left!It was unique and I'm glad I can say I went...but don't see myself going back unless I'm tricked into it.
