4	This was a GREAT B&B in Edinburgh!  I was a little worried when the rooms were at/below street level in this big city, but it was great!  The room was so nice, it was HUGE!  The biggest room we had on our trip through the UK.  It was a great location....you have to try the fried mars bars on your way home from the pub!  Great breakfast!
4	This is a hidden gem right downtown.  We stayed here for 4 nights during the Fringe Festival in August 2011.  Guests find this B&B through word-of-mouth or tripadvisor so it feels very private.  There are only 4 rooms and all are below street level.  It still felt bright enough in the mornings, although it might feel a bit dark during the winter.  Location is fab, just a 10-15 minute walk to the heart of downtown.  Lots and lots of restaurants and bars nearby.The price felt a bit high (115 pounds/night), but given the location and the time of year (the festival) it was actually really affordable compared to hotels in the same area.  I knocked off a star for the very very antique feel.  While some might enjoy the ambiance, I would have appreciated some more modern creature comforts.  The bed was hard and the bedding wasn't very soft/squishy.  The furniture was more for looks and felt a little rickety.  The floorboards squeeked a lot and the shower was really loud.  The bathroom shower was unexpectedly modern and the towels were total luxury. There was even a towel warmer!  I would have loved a down feather comforter and some softer pillows in the bed!  Included in the cost of the room is complementary scotch, wine, chocolates and cookies, plus tea and coffee.  That was pretty cool.They do offer free wi-fi, but the service was pretty spotty.  Fortunately it wasn't necessary for us to do more than check e-mail once a day.  It worked fine for very occasional use.  The tv was small but it got plenty of channels.  The breakfast was delicious!!!  Yogurt, fruit, homemade granola, toast, a huge variety of jam, plus any sort of hot breakfast you requested.  French press coffee with cream.  Total heaven!  James and Angela were really accomodating.  They are full of good tips for restaurants and things to do.  Breakfast was served at whatever time we specified, even at 6AM on our last morning.   It was pouring rain and the cab phoneline wasn't working, so James offered to drive us the 1.5 miles to the airport shuttle.  He cleaned out his car and everything!  Its so obvious that these innkeepers care about customer satisfaction.  You can be sure they will make it right if there are any issues.One last drawback:  They only accept cash payment - which for 4 nights added up to a big sum. Plan ahead so you don't have to try and get a rediculous sum out of an ATM on your last night.
5	14 Hart Street is absolutely a fantastic place to stay in Edinburgh! To start, the proprietors James and Angela, are incredibly warm, welcoming, and helpful. I've stayed at many B&Bs in my time and have enjoyed many of them, but at 14 Hart Street I felt like a guest staying at the home of an old friend.The accommodations are cozy and charming. We stayed in a double room with two twin beds. The beds are a bit small and perhaps not the most luxurious, but the bedding is soft and clean. I felt so relieved after a long trip to snuggle my comfy little bed! The bathroom is small by US standards, but looked to be newly renovated. The water pressure in the shower was great and the entire bathroom was spotless. We had an offering of tea, coffee, cookies, and scotch whisky in the room. As Scotland can get quite cold, we had a good adjustable furnace as well.The location is perfect for travelers who want easy access to the city center and train station, but like to be a little ways away from the noise of a busy street. It was about a 10 minute walk to Princes Street in new town, and now much farther to castle. our hosts were able to recommend good restaurants and give clear directions (with shortcuts!).The breakfast was delicious and very filling. Each morning we were offered a wide selection: fresh fruit, juice, coffee, tea, toast, bacon, sausage, eggs, 3 kinds of cereal, and they seemed to be able to prepare anything else we might have asked for. The food was fresh and tasty--an excellent way to start a long day of sightseeing.Overall I was incredibly happy with my stay, and felt it was a great value for the money.
