5	Oregano's is hands down the greatest restaurant ever! When I lived in AZ, I would go there at least twice a week for lunch. Everything on the menu is delicouse. Thier hotwings are some of the best around and the boom dip is second to none as far as apitizers go. If you are in the mood for pizza, you cannot go wrong with the thin crust and i do mean thin! The stuffed pizza is also amazing but it takes a while to make.The baked ziti and the angel hair with meadballs are the best pasta dishes.When youre done with dinner you must get the pazookie! its simply the best!I'm getting hungry just writing this.
5	Oregano's is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix if not anywhere!  Be warned though...you will have to wait most of the time.  We just plan that into our evening there (go an hour before we want to eat).  However, they have 3 bar areas that are open seating so you can always wait for one of those.FOOD - If you haven't tried the deep dish Chicago-style pizza, go there tonight and get it!  It's the best thing on the menu and it's worth the 45 minute wait for it to cook (you can order it while your waiting to save time).  We get the Sproccoli and add chicken to it.  If you're in the mood for pasta, the Zany Ziti is out of this world (it's baked in a breadbowl).  Their salads are awesome as well (favorite is the Antipasto Thing).  The Garlic Cheese Bread is huge and really good!  And of course, you can't forge tthe Pizza Cookie (or Pizzokie).  It's outstanding....barely cooked cookie dough covered in ice cream!SERVICE - It's always been excellent.  The staff is extremely friendly.  We've never had any issues at all with the service.PRICE - We can eat here with a salad, pizza, and dessert for around $35 for 2 of us.  (And we ususally have left-over pizza as well.)Trust me...go to Oregano's, get the Chicago Stuffed Pizza and you won't be dissapointed.
5	I like to go here when I visit my family.  Seriously amazing pizza and I heard the subs are great!  Awesome bar/beer garden and great for just grabbibg some grub and a beer.  I would recommend to anyone!
4	Finally went to eat here after hearing about it over and over and over again from co-workers.  My husband and I went around 6pm on a Sat. and we waited approx. 30 minutes for a table.  This was one of the more pleasant waits at a restaurant that I have ever experienced.  With plenty of seating around the bar, we were immediately approached by a friendly waitress who had our drinks back to us lickety-split.   I had the house Chianti, and the hubby had a Fat-Tire.  We got a nice booth inside and had another friendly waiter who brought us samples of the house Sangria which I also ordered.  It was pretty tasty, not out of this world, but it was cold and refreshing.We got the boom dip which was excellent and the Chicago style pizza.  The 10 inch is way more than enough for two people. Two things about this pizza, 1) The crust is buttery, crisp and delicious.  2)  The sauce had a little too much basil for my taste, but they are very generous with the cheese and other toppings.  We walked out of there with lots of left-overs.  We did try the cookie dessert and it was tasty, but again, not out of this world.  I think a little less ice cream, and a little more cookie would be better.  Overall, I would go back here, and maybe see this as a good place to take out of town guests (with the exception of the long waits).  The atmosphere is nice, great friendly staff, and good food.
5	After eating here I noticed many more Oregano's around town, making it a local chain. But that does not change my review in the slightest. After a grewling double header (both wins), the baseball team opted for a late lunch, early dinner here on the way back to the resort. We had a large group, so it took a few minutes (hanging out in the bar and the boys ordering drinks there) before they were able to make spots for us to sit near each other. We were able to get two big booths in the back room. (Sadly, this room had no cable, so the all we got was some black and white movie rather than the football game.... though it didn't bother me much). Each table had separate servers, since each had 7 people. Our servers were terrific. They were very attentive and brought us pitchers of water so we never ran out. We had NY style pizzas, lots of drinks, appetizers, and I am sure were just plain loud and roudy through all of it. But, they tolerated us, treated us well and even chimed in the fun. The pizza was great. Our table had the bbq chicken and an everything pizza combo. I loved the bbq, but am just not a combo fan. Everything was delicious and everyone was quite satisfied. The large pizzas are humongous and two seemed plenty for 7 of us (and that left even 6 pieces to take home. ) For appetizers, they ordered the cheesey garlic bread and the wings. All were good. This place is fun and lively and has a really great patio. I would have loved to have sat out there. The warm fall weather would have been perfect for it. I would definitely eat here again. They have other stuff too, if you don't do pizza.
5	I ate at some really nice places in Phoenix/Scottsdale, but I am still fantasizing about Oregano's.  The pizza is perfect and the deep dish cookie is indulgent....ask for your cookie well done if you don't like it mooshie.  Arizona- you are lucky to have this little gem!
5	Joined a friend (who lives locally) and his family here for dinner last night. Can't imagine a better experience! Gorgeous patio, casual vibe, family-friendly, great service, and AMAZING food!The antipasto salad was compact in size, but incredibly flavorful. The pizza (we had the pesto/sausage/gorgonzola on a whole wheat thin-crust) was fantastic. We had a total of four kids between us, and they each had a different pasta dish, all cooked perfectly. The warm cookie with vanilla ice cream for dessert was the perfect finish. Our little girl was asleep before we got her buckled into the car seat!Can't wait to go back!
5	A friend of a friend was telling us about this place on Sunday morning, and how awesome their pizza is.  It sounded awesome, but he warned us the line is usually an hour and a half long.  Oh well, we went anyway.  Luckily, we were early enough where we didn't have to wait long for a table.  When we were leaving, though, the line was easily an hour long.We started with the wings, which come in an order of 14 and were delicious.  Five of us were dining there, so we ordered two small pizzas, with each one being a half, so we had a nice variety of pizzas to try from.  We got the BBQ Chicken, the Frisco, Grandma G's, and one more that eludes me now.  All were pretty delicious, and I give them mad props for going out of their way to create unique pizzas with untraditional toppings (Grandma G's had potato on it).  Our entire bill with a few drinks came to under $80.Oh, make sure you sit outside... the inside had a lot of loud kids, and it seemed to echo off each wall and annoy the hell out of our party.  The women in our party also said the air temperature kept changing in there.  Keep in mind, too, that they don't have a full bar, so if you're going there hoping to start off with a bloody mary, you're out of luck.
5	I  always take first-time Phoenix visitors here and they instantly think I am (and all of Phoenix)  waaay cooler than I actually am.  Has a great vibe, always jamming the jazz music and has friendly waiters.  And don't forget the Pizzookie! (sp?)  If you are planning on ordering deep-dish and aren't wanting to make a day of it, you may want to peruse the menu online and call your order in, or at least  right you get there (even at typically slow times, there's always a bit of a wait for a table).
5	People complain about the wait..as do I BUT..being from Chicago I remember the type of pizza served at Oreagnos.  Chicago has two specialties:  Deep Dish and Super-Thin crust cut in squares.  The latter is Oreganos specialty.  If you don't try this pizza you have wasted a trip.   Often, I order 'light' sauce cause sometimes it is a tad strong, and extra cheese helps..but overall this is the best pizza in America.
4	I love the atmosphere of Oreganos. There is usually a good crowd and a wait time to get a table. I've been to Oreganos three times now, and have had good experiences each time, except for the BBQ chicken pizza - not enuf sauce, and they throw in some cheddar cheese which tastes awkward. But overall, my experience there with the waiters and staff, and the food is always good. Portions are big, Price is small, Food and staff is great.
5	I love Oregano's and probably one of the better things that I can say is that one location is as good as the next.  I've probably been to Oregano's upwards of thirty times and I've not had a bad experience yet.  The lines outside of any of their restaurants should be a solid indicator of their quality.  Good pizza is hard to find out here in Phoenix, I've tried many and other than Rosati's I've really not been very impressed.Maybe when my tax check comes I'll take four hours and visit Pizzeria Bianco :)
5	This is one of the true Arizona restaurants, and I recommend this place to anyone from out of town. Well, anyone in town too. The staff is extremely fun and nice, which is hard to come by these days.  The food is awesome. gigantic portions, but all the better to take home and enjoy the next day (or two...). The pizza and salads are my favorite, and of course one cannot forget the glutenous wonder of the pizza cookie (formerly the pzookie). This brings ooey gooey goodness to a whole new level.The only downside... Its size, but that is part of their schtick. Get there early, whether it is lunch or dinner or expect to wait a long time. Trust me though, it is well worth it. This is the only one with decent parking!**All the locations are great, the mesa one (one of the newest locations) is probably the worst, but I say that with a grain of salt. It is still better than most of the restaurants out there.
4	I would have given Oregano's five stars but I have to take one off because of the one negative about the restaurant.  The wait!.  I tend t get impatient and I don't like waiting for more than fifteen minutes to eat. Other than that, Oregano's is great.  There is not one thing that I have had there that I did not think was excellent.  I love their meatballs and wings.  And they also have outrageous deserts too.
2	Warning this review might upset the Oregano's faithful, but some one had to tell you.Sorry this isn't great pizza.  In fact they even try to sell you on the fact that it's Chicago style pizza.  It isn't.   I am from Chicago and Oregano's would never last out there, and it's unfortunate that the owner decided to sell his soul to the Califronia style pizza devil years ago.  Oregano's is edible, but I feel sorry for those that think their pizza is something to write home about.  If you want good pizza try Grimaldi's, Bianco's, Cibo, Vito's (43rd Ave and Northern), and a select few Rosati's that are still owned by the Rosati family.   More annoying than the mediocre food is the wait.   Oregano's seems to think a 10x10 foot restaurant with a 10X10 foot patio is enough to appease his mislead followers.   The only thumbs up I would give would be the service, kitchy decorating and that it has a patio.
5	4 stars for the bruschetta appetizer and pasta entrees, 5 stars for the OH MY EFFING GOD I WOULD EAT THIS WHOLE THING IF NO ONE WERE TO WITNESS IT chocolate chip cookie.Long wait, but we lucked out and got seats at the bar.
4	After living in Chicago, I know what good pizza is, so I'm a picky pizza person (try saying that 3 times fast). But, I do go here for the pasta. I get cravings for the Bolla Pasta with meat sause. It is so good! I also like to go there during the day for their wings. I think its just their atomosphere. Yes, the wait can be a little long, but if you are around and hungry at a random time ( like yesterday we went at 3:30) then you are seated right away. The staff is super nice and they really like their jobs so you aren't getting grumpy servers who you feel you have to tip. Our parents like to go here when they visit for the food and music. Haven't tried the cookie dessert yet, but I'm almost there!
2	Okay, so lets talk about what matters, service, atmosphere and food. Price, well, that can vary - but this ain't no budget option.Service - these guys were great. Happy to accomodate requests and even let us shift from inside to outside dining. Good on ya guys & gals. Half-star credit for that!Atmosphere - The definition of casual dining. Lively, enjoyable and very laid back. We were there for a business dinner, but had fun enjoying the laid back feel and lively chatter. That gets 1 star from me.Food - Let's put it this way - I felt like a horse with a salt-lick. Literally. And it just wasn't one pizza, it was all three. The waiter was kind enough to refund our money for the one I complained about, but it was just painful taking every bite. And I like a little salt on my food, so that tells you how bad it was. However, we loved the basket of fries... so that alone gets 1/2 star. Maybe it gets fixed in the future - they admitted they're talking to their supplier about the complaints in the saltiness.
5	Yum yum yum.  Just love this place!  The pablo picasso salad, so good.  The Lawrence's Orignal thin crust pizza, yum.  Of course-the peanut butter pazookie is to die for.  Great waitress-just as good every time.  (I would kill for the recipe for the honey vinagarette on the Oreganos favorite salad)
5	Outstanding Pizza served in a fun atmosphere by a wonderful wait staff!
4	Fond memories from the 90s.
5	Bistro Classic pizza, followed by a pizzookie (ahem.. pizza cookie).   The food is great (It's not down town chicago, but so what?) but the service is UNBELIEVABLY GOOD.  I've been to the other locations and it seems I've had the best service here.  They were SO nice to my 5 year old, and that always goes a long way for a parent who's afraid his child will get bored and turn into a three headed dragon at that table.  I's a comming back that is a fact!
5	Best Pizza in town served by the friendliest most effecient waitstaff ever!
5	The BEST Italian in town.  The decor is adorable, fun and can keep you occupied for hours just looking around!  The food takes a while because they make it to order, but IT IS AMAZING!  I LOVE their guacamole appetizer and all of their entrees are wonderful!  Belinis will change your life!  YUM!
4	Oregano's.  You were pretty damn awesome.  It could have been that I was exhausted and starving, but I think not.  I think you were awesome because my thin crust pizza (my fav!) was delicious, your chianti was a good choice and because my server, Tessa, was great! I had the house salad and a O'Riva Pie and my only regret was not realizing that you do whole wheat crust and that I didn't order it.  By the way, Scottsdale, you are filled with WEIRD people.  The people watching was fantastic and amusing.
5	If I had to eat at one place every day (and had to pay for it), this would be it. Great food, cheap prices, friendly staff. The wait for a table is always long--oh well. Have another cold one.
1	This restaurant chain location is special because it is one of the few with adequate parking.  I'm sure it must have been an accident.  Just go to the Camelback, Scottsdale Rd, or Tempe locations to see the norm for this.This location has run out of the Four Peaks draft beer on several occasions that I have arrived.  They offer their own house brew and their servers are completely ignorant concerning what style it is.  Their impromptu attempts at describing it are often contradictory, and nobody here knows this difference between an ale and a lager.The wall paintings aren't as nice at the Shea location as others, but they seem to have a better turnaround and slightly less wait time than some of the other locations.  Maybe it is because people give up on the wait list and go next door to the other pizzaria?This place is all about the image - the atmosphere, colorful menu, and silly T-shirts.  Food is pretty much average and bears little resemblance to genuine Chicago fare.
2	i seriously don't get it. it's not very good pizza. the pizookie is the highlight. that AND their diet coke is the perfect mix of carbonation and syrup in a huge cup. BUT give me Venezia's over this ANY day
2	This place is comparable to Buca di Beppo.Definitely for the masses.
4	The food is good, but the real deal are the Pizza cookies.  The original is best.
4	Its been awhile since I have been, but the food is really good. Make sure you save room for dessert as its all about the  Pizza Cookie. YUMMO!
2	Ok... i'm not getting the hype.The problem I had was that with everything good, came something bad.  - Menu: huge selection of basic mom-pop italian food.  The pizza is definitely the highlight, Problem was that it was too huge, including the goofy oversized menu that hit my partner in the head all the way across the table.-Pricing: pretty good. some things were high, some were low, but all in all i have to say pretty darn good for the portions.-Portions:  We had the garlic cheese bread, awesome and HUGE - almost too huge though for an appetizer, to the point where it filled me up too much and i could barely finish my pizza!  The pizza, as well, was HUGEEE (we got the chicago style - DO NOT get appetizers if you are getting a chicago style because you WILL NOT finish it, or even come close, be happy with pizza for the next week).  On the other hand, we also got the "zany zitti" which was... well pathetic.  Small and unsatisfying, served in a bread bowl, and i mean cmon how many carbs can one person have???  The flavors were boring as well - not something i would ever recommend, being i've made better at home from a box.-Flavors: Not bad, but not special.  not surprising - so in my opinion, therefore not interesting.All in all - if my guy wanted to go back for the good pizza, i'd be ok with it, but its definitely not a place i'd drag my friends to on a good thursday night.
4	Great food!   Wonderful service!! This will be one of your pizza favorites.   But, if you want to get a slice for lunch, which is a great deal, you need to get there in time for breakfast as they run out before noon.
4	If you're looking for a great family restaurant with excellent Chicago pizza, look no further than Oregano's.Being a Chicago native, I am always looking for good authentic Windy City pizza. Oregano's has it! Whether you like my favorite thin crust, or traditional stuffed deep dish, this place has you covered.We had the thin crust and it was very good. Cheese and sausage werve stellar. Only draw back was the crust. While it was good, it was a tad under cooked with no cornmeal on the bottom. That's the only reason I didn't rate it five stars.They also have giant, dirt-cheap kids meals including pasta. My kids loved it and it's great for families on a budget.Make sure you save room for dessert. Oregano's warm chocolate chip cookie dough served hot with vanilla bean ice cream, and chocolate chips, is one of the best desserts we've ever had.Service was hands-down perfect from the entire staff. Jordan was our server and was attentive, friendly and did an excellent jobWhenever we're in Scottsdale, we'll be back to Oregano's. Great food, great people and great prices.
4	The service here is consistently good with attentive, attractive hosts (eye candy for everyone here).  I'm not a fan of their pizzas (crust is cracker thin or deep dish variants which I have never been a fan of anywhere but Chicago proper), but good garlic bread (GIANT portion size), calzones and salads/entrees.  The highlight however is the pizzuokie which is fresh baked chocolate chip cookie in a deep dish pan with ice cream on top and the meat ball sub (make sure to get it with grilled peppers and onions)
5	This is THE best restaurant I have ever been!!  I would buy a ticket out to Arizona JUST so I can go there.  Their cheesy garlic bread with marinara is amazing...their pesto bruschetta is unreal...I'm salivating just thinking of their Italian Gold wings (does ANYONE have the recipe to that sauce?)...the Big Rig with chicken is phenomenal (my favorite pasta dish ever).  And of course, you can't forget the pizzookie...I'm drooling just thinking of their menu.  For salads, their Caesar with chicken is great (they shave their chicken and season it in some kind of cajun spice) as well as the Pablo Picasso.  Ugh.  I think I may have to buy a ticket for later this month, just so I can eat there again soon.  The service is outstanding...every single worker smiles and greets you as they walk by you.  TRY THIS PLACE!  There's no better place in the WORLD!  Now if only they'd branch out to Chicago...
4	We were much more successful on our second attempt to dine at Oregano's, mostly because the first time we tried at about 6:30pm on a Saturday.  Sunday proved much less busy, although not quiet by any standards.  The place was still pretty packed, and for good reason: the pizza is delicious.  We ordered the Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato pizza and a large house salad.  Both were awesome.  The combination of toppings on the pie was perfect, and the thin crust was cooked just right.  The salad dressing was like a spicy, red eye-talian dressing that I could not get enough of.  They really do have a "Menu can trust" as stated on the shirts of the staff.The service was great too, friendly, yet sassy.  Beers on tap left a little to be desired, but apparently we are "spoiled" in San Diego with our local brews.  I tried the local Four Peaks Kilt Lifter...not bad, but not particularly good either.  Nonetheless, SO glad we ate here!
4	This location usually has a wait during peak hours, but that is because it's tasty and worth the wait. I have never had anything that I didn't like. I have tried the Pablo Picasso Mexican salad, which has a really nice chipotle dressing. I have also had their artichoke dip, which is HUGE, and pretty good.I think my favorite thing is their Italian Gold wings, it has a GREAT honey mustard sauce and there are never any stingy wings. Also great waffles fries. They have a ton of options for pizza styles too, I have never got one that I didn't enjoy.
4	Stopped by a couple of nights ago at 6:30 PM and had to wait 50 minutes.They just don't have enough seats for us waiting patrons . So, we stood for about 30 minutes before we found seats in the waiting area. While waiting, they brought out complimentary pieces of cheese pizza. I've never had that happen before. When we finally got seated, it was difficult trying to read the menu that had red lettering. Good thing our friend had a flashlight. We had the thin crust pIzza and Caesar salad. With all the good food they serve, waiting in line for 50 minutes was nothing We've tried all the different locations and have never been disappointed.
4	Pretty solid pizza offerings here.  Was in town to visit a friend and I heard about this place that served Chicago style pizza.  While it isn't as good as the Chitown joints I've been to, it's still cranks out a pretty good pizza pie.The only drawback to ordering Chicago style pizza is that it takes so long to cook (it is a thick pie).  While there are other options on the menu (thin pizzas and pastas), I opted to wait for my thick and juicy pizza.  Overall it was pretty good and tasty and the service was decent, even though it was pretty slammed when we were there.Thumbs up.
5	+ Great /Large Menu+ Good Food+ Very Large Portions (I always like to take some home)+ Surprisingly good prices+ Good place for family and friends+ Cute waitresses---- Can get busy w/wait times (but NYPD Pizza is right next door if you cant wait)- Small place. They should buy the building next to it and expand, people cant seem to get enough of Oregano's but they are always a bit small inside. Even cramped. - Long cook times (upwards to 50 minutes) but the wait is worth it.
5	I love Oregano's.  It's hard not to love a restaurant that is able to recruit friendly staff, serve large portions at very reasonable prices, have good thin-crust AND deep-dish pizza, and offer an iconic dessert.  If you haven't been to an Oregano's yet, don't let the prices fool you; the portions are large.  So unless you're morbidly obese, be prepared to share your food family-style and still have some for leftovers.
5	this place is fantastic... they have a huge menu (literally)... they have numerous pastas, pizzas, salads, and sandwiches... everything here is large and cheap... which is not common in scottsdale i promise... there are 2 things that remind me how much i love this place... first off i always order their picasso salad, i am not a salad person, but this thing is made for a man, they are not skimpy with the ingredients loads of chicken cheese and onions with an amazing tangy chipotle ranch dressing this thing is enough for 2 people... 2nd, i am also not traditionally a thin crust person but they have some of the best thin crust pizza i have ever had, i could eat an entire one to myself. you can not leave here without a pazookie dessert,  its a fresh baked cookie with a few scoops of ice cream on top... thats all i need to say...
2	No place is so special that the hostess should assume I'm going to put my name on their waiting list without first learning what the wait time is.  Miss Scottsdale Hostess didn't even look up or greet us - just a, "Name?".  And no restaurant is so special that I should be expected to stand around in the darkest and most run down parking lot in Scottsdale with nothing for my family to do or look at for 30 minutes.  Good places do have a wait - that's a given - but very good places have a more customer-oriented approach to their waits.  There are plenty of other very good places in the neighborhood.
4	( I have never actually had pizza here, friends say it was no good.) But a few of their other things are really really good. I always get the same thing every time I go..... You HAVE to get the Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad (OMG!!!) and you HAVE to get the Italian Gold Chicken Wings, and you NEED to finish with the Half Baked Cookie (1/2 Macadamia Nut & 1/2 Chocolate Chip)...It makes me want to move back to AZ!
4	This place really is great!  The atmosphere, overall, is just right (for a pizza/pasta/salad place). The outdoor seating is also great, and there's plenty of bar seating that is outside and 'close to outside' (something very desirable in Scottsdale!).  The pizza is truly great (though NOT QUITE as good as 'Sauce' !). The staff are friendly and efficient, and the price is right.  Everything I've ordered here has been great.
2	I'm not sure what all the hype is regarding this place, I've had much better. My husband and I had heard wonderful things about Oregano's throughout the years (we've lived in Phoenix 22 years) and decided we had to finally try Oregano's Pizza. We pride ourselves on being "foodies" and our moto is you have to give a place at least three trys. Our order consisted of a Greek Salad, one thin crust pizza and one deep dish pizza. The salad was ok, nothing memorable, but not too bad. The deep dish was fair, could have used more cheese but did have a good buttery flavor in the crust. The thin crust, however, was a disaster. It was like eating cardboard. Tough, chewy and flavorless. I think I'm still trying to digest it.   I won't be able to stick to my "three try rule"  at this place.  If you're craving a good pizza try Grimaldi's.
5	Still the best thin crust pizza in town.  Fresh ingredients and a great atmosphere served by the friendliest staff you can find.Come early or wait, but it's worth it.
4	Best pizza in Phoenix! Love the thin crust pizza. Very close to being east coast. Three thumbs up!
4	Yum yum yum...Let's start off with the service...our server was awesome. We had to wait quite some time before being seated and were starving. So she brought us some bread and butter to hold us over.We started off with some wings. They are absolutely delicious here. My suggestion is to request a mix of the honey sauce and the medium sauce. It is finger-licking good. Literally.On to the pizza. It was really good. Nice thin crust, baked to perfect crispy perfection. The toppings were fresh, and the amount of sauce was great. I hate getting a thin crust pizza with too much sauce. Soggy thin crust is an oxymoron to me. If you manage to have room, you HAVE to indulge in the baked cookie. You have the choice of peanut butter, macadamia nut or chocolate chip. OR you can do half and half. So worth the extra hour on the treadmill...The only downside...the wait time can be long, especially on weekends. The upside to the downside, the servers do come by frequently to liquor you up and make the wait a little more bearable...
2	This Oregano's is right around the corner from my house & for about six months after I moved here, it was my go to pizza place. As of now, Oregano's just makes me crazy. The pizza is good & the Chicago style pizza is really good, as is the lasagna, but it is not good enough to wait over an hour for a table for. On weeknights the wait seems to be around an hour-ish & on the weekends, especially when the weather is remotely nice, the wait can be three or more hours. I just got tired of it. Very few restaurants are worth a time investment like that & Oregano's just isn't in that league.
4	Wings were excellent.  Had the gold.  Tried the kelt lifter on tap which complemented both the pizza and wings.
4	While visiting Phoenix over the holidays, I mentioned I was turkey'd out and could use a good pizza.  Friends immediately said we had to go to Oregano's for a Grandma G's?!  We arrived and I was skeptical, the restaurant was filled with tons of tchotske, but the staff quickly won me over with their friendly enthusiasm and attention.  So, we had to get "the  usual" - Oregano's favorite salad, Grandma G's pizza, and the BIG cookie.  I was in, but remained suspicious.The food is HUGE...and shockingly, good!  The salad easily fed the four of us and was not swimming in dressing as I was expecting.  Off to a good start.  Then the pizza came...did I mention that the food is BIG?  First you have to adjust your thinking from pizza to flatbread.  Once you're there, the cornucopia of ingredients in the G'ma G's isn't overwhelming - garlic chicken, tomatoes, gorgonzola, havarti and other cheeses, potatoes, caramelized onions and fresh rosemary.  Wow, it was completely addicting - the flavors melded and didn't clash and the crust was like a crip cracker (I heated the leftovers up in a frying pan the next day for breakfast - deeeelish!).  OK, so at this point we didn't really have room for anything else, but we ordered the BIG COOKIE (YUM!).  We went with the peanut butter chocolate cookie, which is barely baked to warm, gooey amazingness and then topped with scoops and scoops of ice cream.  WOW.  I would go back just for the cookie and almost made my hubby stop by for one 'to go' as we headed out of town.  PS: There was no wait the day I visited.
5	Great Pizza, Terrific Ambiance, Super Service, and you must have the Stuffed Artichokes (Chokes)!!
5	Talk about great pizza! I had a Thin Crust delight that was right up the alley of a classic Italian/Mediterranean pizza. The ingredients were fresh and the presentation was tantalizing. The decor was perfect for an old school style Italian eatery (i.e. movies playing in the background that starred famous Italian actors). What stood out most about the menu was the classic Italian offerings fused with some South Western delights.
4	We moved to Scottsdale in 2002 and have been told how wonderful Oregano's is. However. every time we went there the wait was so long we went somewhere else close by. Then, when down in Tucson for a weekend, we found out we were staying near an Oregano's restaurant. Because of a tennis tournament, we were eating at odd hours, so we got in Oregano's easily on the off-meal hours. We fell in love with the Pablo Picasso salad. The large salad is about enough for two if you don't want to be stuffed. The pan pizza we had was also worth the wait.In our new home, we are only a few blocks away from Oregano's at Scottsdale and Shea. Now, we just call in an order for a large Pablo Picasso salad and drive up and pick it up within 20 minutes. They often have pizza samples for people waiting for tables. They also offer you a free soft drink when waiting for a take-out order. So, we get a salad for dinner for two to eat at home for $11. LOVE IT!!
5	We lived in AZ for a year and went here about 5 times I'd say.  We still talk about it.  Love the atmosphere and don't even get going on the food... we loved it!  If we ever visit AZ again we'll be going here.
3	This Oregano's is great! The food is terrific and the ambience is fun and funky. My husband and I always split a pizza with half pesto and half red sauce. There is always a super long wait to be seated and then again to get your food so make sure you go with plenty of time to kill.
3	Good, solid pizza place with lots of charm and great service. Really good salads too.Great place to go for a birthday -- the warm chocolate chip cookie w/ ice cream is sinful. Loved it!
5	Hailing from Chicago and New York, my boyfriend and I thought there was no way pizza in the middle of Arizona could even compare. Well, insert foot into mouth. Or rather, just insert some more of Oregano's pizza into my mouth! Mmm mmm! Get the guac-a-tony. I know what you're thinking. Italians? Pizza? Guacamole? Really? Yes, really. They serve typical guacamole, but instead of tortilla chips you get a 14-inch pizza crust topped with a thin layer of parmasean cheese to scoop up all of the avocado-y goodness. Salivating yet? You should be. Beware! It's a HUGE portion. Made more for four than for two, but we held our own. Pizza itself was phenom. Thin, crispy, great flavor in the sauce. My only regret was that we ate so much guac-a-tony that we couldn't eat more pizza. Hopefully there's a next time if I'm ever back in Scottsdale!
4	I really like this place the only real problem is the long lines and realative lack of space due to the large number of people trying to grab a slice of this goodness. Lots on the menu with many styles of pizza available and a value slice for the smaller pocket. Cold beer at the bar. Hurry up and open at the PV Mall. See you there for some italian goodness
4	Had a great time celebrating my bday at Oreganos. I actually worked at this location a few years ago before moving out of town. The staff is always friendly which starts at the top and despite the fact that its now corporately owned the place still feels independent. We had the deep dish Pan pizza which took about 45 minutes (which they tell you up front). Just like I remember (almost). I dont think the sauce tastes as good as it used to, but that doesnt mean its bad now. Overall, Oreganos will always be a go to joint for consistent food and service, but be prepared to wait.  Oh, and a free Pizza Cookie for your BDay is a nice touch.
3	Being a regular at the Oregano's on Camelback, I was familiar with the deal. I was waiting for friends to see a movie and figured a Bellini and some Toasted Ravioli would do the trick. The staff at this location are pleasant and the service is good, but it is not the same. They take your order and bring your food but no small talk with the customers in general. The crowd was not what you would expect either. It was neither the North Scottsdale Snobs, nor the Gay feel of Camelback.  It was a strange mix of families with kids and older (over 30, not that that is old, just comparing) couples. The food and service was good, but the place was small. My one beef would have to be the bathrooms. They should make all their bathrooms unisex since they only have on male and one female, but this location actually has a baby changing station and I waited for about 20 min while a guy changed his kids diaper. Not so much a big deal (Do you really want to bring kids to a bar though???) if the bathrooms were unisex. Love it since it is Oregano's but not the same as Camelback.
3	I've been to Oregano's a half dozen times in the last year and have had some mixed results, hence the 3 stars. Two weeks ago I took a buddy of mine from out out town. We started off with the Guaca Tony, which is an Italian guacamole, made with basil, roasted garlic and avocado, surrounded with pizza crust 'chips. They give you a heaping mound of Guacamole, but the pizza crust tasted like pure salt, which definitely ruined that appetizer. We shared a pizza which was definitely way too salty as well.I don't know if the cook accidently knocked over a large shaker of salt in the pizza batter and didn't want to get fired by management for throwing the profits in the garbage. But this was the first time I didn't enjoy my meal at Oregano's.The staff is ALWAYS uber friendly and helpful. But a major downer for me is the lack of adequate facilities based on the size of the restaurant which means you need to plan well and be prepared to wait.
3	Food = 3 starsService = 4 (but its crazy how the staff all looks under 18)Experience = 3.75 starsI stil have it 3 stars cause I don't mind eating in a dump as long as the food is good. The hot wings and greek salad was good, but the pizza (although awesome thin crust and lots of toppings) was WAY.TOO.SALTY. It ruined it for me.The staff was super nice, but damn do they all look like jailbait. I was there with 10 women in their 30s who were eyeing our poor waiter-kid like man-candy.  Im sure he enjoyed it though. hahahaha.
5	Oregano's, Oregano's, what would we do without you? You are worth the long waits to get a table! You have hosted softball meetings in high school, family parties and 21st birthdays! I love you! Picasso salad and Italian gold wings are amongst my favorites. For not being big on pizza, I could probably eat half a large thin crust myself. With their ranch of course, so good. I have been here several dozen times, probably more than I should have! Food is always great and I have not ordered anything I have not enjoyed! Staff is always friendly, so friendly in fact I wanna smack one of the 10 people that will say bye to you as you leave this restaurant. Well worth it, and if you want to avoid the wait, take out is equally delicious!
5	What impressed me most about this place is the staff could teach a seminar on customer service. It wasn't that 1 server was great or they fixed something wrong, it was that every single person working there was nice, happy, eager to help, and on the ball. As for the food - it was exactly what you would expect from a top notch pizza bistro. Inventive and fun ("OZONE" as in create your "own" calzone). We had a pesto pizza, wongs wings (not on menu- you have to ask for them), stuffed mushrooms, italian sub, meatball sandwich and it was all great. They have two smaller seperate indoor dining areas and an outside patio/bar as well.
4	oregano's i'm so so so so sorry that i tend to overlook you.  never again.  i promise.  oregano's has never let me  down.  well, once, but it's because i forgot they used fresh parmesan.  so when they asked if we wanted parmesan, i said  "yes"  and then was mortified when instead of a shaker of powder, there was fresh parmesan sprinkled  all over my pizza.  i like fresh parmesan on my pasta, but for some reason  i think it ruins a pizza.  this is a personal thing, so i can't hold it  against them.i absolutely love that oregano's makes the patio the focal  point of the restaurant.  even in the summer when it's deathly hot, they somehow manage to make the patio appealing.  the misters cool it down, but don't turn the patio into a swamp.   the last time we went i was STARVING after  a very very long day that i may or may not have complely forgotten to eat.  by the time we arrived, the wait was 30 min. for 2 people *sigh*.  (there had been a sign outside NYPD pizza boasting no wait and my belly was tempted).  "no" i reminded myself "oreganos always has a wait and it's  always worth it."   the host told us that we  could sit at the bar if there was room and just to let him know if we found a spot and wanted to stay there.  so we  went to the bar, but it was pretty busy and there weren't 2 seats together.  the bartender offered  to move another chair around and a very nice couple said they could move down.  the bartender then took care  of taking us off of the list, which was nice.  the word "hospitality" came to mind (what a novel idea in the industry....)i eyeballed a margarita and my hungry thirsty belly did a little dance.  i never would have considered getting a margarita here, but i'm so very glad i did.  it was quite possibly one of the best margaritas i've ever had.   great beverage, check!knowing full-well that the pizza would take a good 30-45 minutes to come out i knew i had  to have an appetizer.  the calamari is always good, but i wanted something else.  once again, i ventured out of my comfort zone and remembering that once upon a time someone had told me the toasted ravioli were good, ordered those.  oh.my.goodness!!! the cheese was sooooo soft.  it was  like liquid gold.  i forgot to share and actually ended up scarfing most of the ravioli down.  amazing appetizer, check!then the pizza came and it was scrumptious! (as i have come to expect)  however, they forgot to put pepperoni on it. BUMMER!  and it's not like they can just fire another one up really quick.  however, the bartender went and got  us some pepperoni -- not the cold handful, here's your damn pepperoni, now you can't complain stuff, but they actually heated the pepperoni up and it was  a PLATEFULL, so it wasn't QUITE the same, but pretty darn close! fixing an order-gone-wrong, check! (although it would have  been an added bonus to have a manager address the problem  with the customer.  but that's just me.)i want to give it 5 stars, but i just can't. not yet.  i need to have a few  more amazing experiences there and then i'll probably bump it up.
4	The lunch specials are good and be sure to get here by 1130 at the latest or you'll be standing in line. Make sure to ask for Timmy, he is unforgettable. Tell him his Friday regulars sent you.... I haven't tried much other then te pizza and the pizookie, which is freaking amazing !!!Give it a shot, it's worth the effort
5	This place was AWESOME! I could not get over how friendly everyone at the restaurant was ("Oh, you haven't been here before? Let me give you a tour") and if you had to wait for a table, they would serve your beverages while you are waiting. We ordered the spinach salad and added shrimp (which were basically huge grilled prawns) which was delicious and then a simple small pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. The crust was thin and crispy and the pepperoni and mushrooms were baked under the cheese so that you would not lose any of the toppings on to your plate! Just the regular salad and small pizza was enough to stuff both me and my boyfriend! You cannot go wrong at this place, our best lunch experience in Scottsdale.
3	Here are some important things I think you should know,about this restaurant that they call Oregano. The wait here is always about an hour long,And with their overrated pizza, a wait like that seems wrong.I'm not a huge fan of their thin pizza crust,It tastes like saltine crackers, and that makes it a bust.I think their deep dish crust is just A-OK,The dough is way to gummy, there's not much else to say.They also load the pizza with disgusting wads of cheese,Even people from Chicago, this pizza cannot please.They use shredded chicken as a pizza and salad topping,It tastes really dry, making their food less than showstopping.All their salad portion sizes are so seriously huge,Piled high with extra toppings, their chef is far from a scrooge!I wish they used some spinach as a main salad filler,But Instead they use iceberg lettuce and it's such a salad killer. Everything on their dinner menu is priced just about right,But make sure to try their lunch menu if your wallet is tight.Their restaurant atmosphere is very cheesy and fun,It exudes cute pizzeria characteristics that are nicely done.It's just too bad that their interior is so small,Patrons look uncomfortably cramped and that's no fun at all.Oreganos is mediocre just middle of the road,Don't eat too much of their monster sized portions or you might explode!Their dishes are too large for me I never eat it all, but with their charming restaurant atmosphere I always have a ball.
2	Sometimes there is such thing as too much of a good thing, in this case, greetings. Much like how Safeway grocery store now has this kind of forced pleasantries thing going, Oreganos is at it as well.My coworker and I were greeted warmly by the nice host. Within the next two minutes, we were welcomed/greeted probably 23 times. I kept waiting to be asked if I was saved, or get a free copy of the watchtower. Please don't get me wrong, I love manners, they are great- like beer, but a little goes a looooong way.My buddy and I order lunch, a couple of slices and cheesy garlic bread. I think I jinxed us, because I 'checked in' with my excitement about cheesy garlic bread, and the appetizer never arrived. Our lunch arrived, and as we scan the table discover there is no silverware, napkins, etc. After waiting a few minutes our server shows up and sees that we have made no forward progress, and brings us our silverware, and made a comment about forgeting the silverware. Totally cool, and I thought he addressed it, but no harm done. The server then asks if we ever got our appetizer, and we told him we did not. His reply would have made sense if I told him the sun would rise tomorrow, "Oh." Kind of matter of fact, but there was no attempt at service recovery, or making it right. I would have been really pleased with a "Oh, sorry about that." or "Can I buy you guys dessert?" etc. Nope, didn't happen.It is a good spot, and they are insanely busy during lunch, but I think it would be good for them to remember to pay attention to details, it is important. The pizza was just ok, nothing to write home about. I think next time I will check out NYPD, they have great pie.
3	I love Oregano's! We've been here with friends and family and have always found the food delicious. Now, somewhat jokingly -- if the rest of you could just stop coming here on the nights we're there, that would be great -- because I hate waiting 25 minutes for a seat!!!  The food is that good, and it's worth waiting for.Enjoy!
4	This place has it all!  Excellent food!  Fantastic Service!  And GREAT ATMOSPHERE!  We just noshed on appetizers at lunch today and it was great.I'd love to come back and have a real meal, maybe try out some offerings from the bar.  I think sitting out on the patio on a cool night would be great!Watch out at lunch!  I hear from the regulars that it gets packed out fast!
5	This is a place I miss terribly ever since I moved away. I go at least three times during my week-long vacays back to Scottsdale, and I always order the exact same thing: Pablo Picasso salad, hold the cilantro, and a Pizzookie (chocolate chip, of course). I've tried the pizza, the sandwiches, all of the apps, but these are the only two things that have me coming back. The dressing on the Picasso salad tastes like a delicious Mexican party in your mouth, and the salad itself has so many wonderful ingredients, including a very delicious, slightly spicy fajita chicken. There are FOUR different kinds of cheeses in here, and tomatoes, and chips. I. Love. This. Salad.HOWEVER, I love pretty much nothing more in this universe (sorry, bf!) than the amazingness that is the pizzookie. I often dream about it, and wish I could replicate it in my own kitchen. Even other restaurants fail at making this dish perfect (I'm looking at you, BJ's and Boulders!). Oregano's excels and makes you want to eat this every day. I can never finish a whole one (and when I do, I feel sick but in the most satisfying way), so I usually share. I get pretty greedy and territorial, though, so watch out.The service here is always very friendly and nice, and many of the male servers are very attractive (that's a nice bonus!). Prices are definitely on the cheaper side, and they have some new-ish options of making your salad a 'Junior' size for a few bucks less, and it's STILL a ton of food.Bottom line, you have to try the Pizzookie. You may hate me later for the weight I made you gain from becoming addicted, but during those orgasmic moments when the warm, melty cookie is in your mouth, you'll be thanking me.
5	My work got some Christmas allowance and instead of doing a dinner we decided to get a really nice lunch for our branch. We decided on Oregano's cause it was on the way. I had the stuffed Italian sandwich and it blew my mind. I couldn't believe how bug this sandwich was, it provided me with two wonderful lunches. It looks like some of my coworkers got the sausage sandwich and the steak sandwich and one person got a pasta dish and couldn't even eat a quarter of it because they gave so much. After that experience I am going to make more of an effort to get to the restaurant instead of getting it to go.
5	The Greatest Pizza served in a truly FUN atmosphere by staff with a most outstanding Customer Orientation.  You cannot help but really enjoy and become a fan of Oreganos!
5	omg, the grandma g's pizza with rosemary chicken and potatoes was soooo good! I came here with my parents and we also shared a mediterranean salad, which was also delicious. Tried the Four Peaks Kilt Lifter on draft and it was great. Seems hard to go wrong here. There was a huge line, but totally worth the wait.Oh yeah, I got carded w/ my parents and I'm turning 31 in four months. lol! Apparently I look *way* young. YESSSSSS ;P
4	Yum yum. Pizzas take a very, long time to come out. I would have given it 5 stars, but the time issue had to be factored in.
5	Never ever a bad meal here.  Great staff, salads, wings, and thin succulently tasty pizza.  Throw in a couple of meat balls swimming in sauce and melted motz and you have a night that you will actually miss, until you eat there again.  I love sitting at the bar here, the employees will always give you a great recommendation on things to try, and their local beer that they serve goes really well with whatever you order.  I'm taking my parent's here when they fly in this Friday!
5	Great atmosphere + great food means you will almost always have to wait for a seat... But the wait is worth it!  Wedding soup, wings of fire, a heck of a slice, and a daily deep dish special... The list of special selections just keeps going.  My pick?  Try the "Big Rig" (which might be best if shared) and save some room for the best pizzookie you can find!
3	I have been to this restaurant many times with friends, family, clients, dates and EVERY time the food and service was SUPER!  Never tasted a bad dish and loved the service.   EXCEPT for list last week.  Took my daughter for her birthday and it was my least favorite.  The Bruchetta was dry and the waiter called me a liar about my response to having a dish before stating "we just added that 3 weeks ago"  I don't know I just never got the right vibe from him and our service took over 2 hours and we didn't have a good time with our waiter.  Before this trip a 5 would be my rating but with this last trip the "honeymoon" feels over.
4	You really can't go wrong when you eat here and order the thin crust pizza, I've never tried a flavor I didn't like.  If you want the chicago-style pizza, be prepared to wait, they take about 45 mins to cook.  Also, the desert cookie is really good, big enough to split between 4 people I would say.
5	The best pizza with exceptional service. I was there exactly one year ago...I'm headed back to AZ next week & this will be my first stop. Absolutely DELISH!!!
4	I would go here again, but pretty much just for the pizza cookie and the cheese filled ravioli's!! We ordered the thin crust Aunt Margaritas pizza, and when it came, we didn't like it very much. The crust seemed very dry to me. So we called the waitress over, and they made us another pizza, gave us a free appetizer (the ravioli's). Woohooo for two free pizzas! The waitstaff all have cute sayings on the back of their shirts (Legalize Marinara) and we were greeted by multiple people. Our dessert was out of this world. Soft, gooey, melty, delicious humongous chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream on top. My mouth is watering.
4	An excellent thin crust pizza, warm and cheesy garlic bread, and a fresh and zesty salad made for a great meal. But the best feature of Oregano's is the service. This establishment is busy and you should expect a wait- to counter this the management seems to have directed the staff to be as pleasant and friendly as possible. In addition we witnessed them giving free pizza samples to patrons who were waiting for a table. Due to high volume in the restaurant our garlic bread order didn't arrive until after our pizza. The server apologized and took the initiative to speak with a manager on his own. The appetizer was comped and the manager apologized personally for the mix up. He added a free dessert to our order because of the trouble. In all of this we didn't ask for anything- they took the need for good customer service seriously. A fine place that we would return to again.
5	Pizza is pizza is pizza is pizza, right? And all Oregano's are the same, right?Not always the case. There is shitty pizza, and then there is good pizza. Oregano's falls under the good pizza category. And yes, the quality of the food is pretty much the same at each location, there are certain things that make this location stand out from say, the old town location.Like easy parking. Getting a seat within 15 minutes. An abundance of outdoor seating (Old town has outdoor seating too, but Shea has more). Managers that come around to each table to make sure everything is cool.Little things that make everything stand out.Not all pizza is created equal. And for that matter, neither are Oregano's.
4	The pizza is thin crust and very good.  Maybe a bit greasy, but still really good.  I didn't have a beer when I was here, so I can't comment on the selection.  No sports on TV, just old movies.  The decor is like you walked into a rummage sale from 1950.  Great outdoor patio and a nice inside spot also.  Not a huge fan of the atmosphere indoors, but thats just personal taste.  I like sports on tv when I'm in a restaurant, not the lone ranger.  Very friendly staff and great pizza.  We'll be back for sure.
4	I can only give this place 4 stars, because I am from the Chicago Area and I am proud to say that I am also an "Official Chicago Pizza Snob!"  Everyone knows the best pizza comes from Chicago (Be Quiet all you New Yorkers!!)  With that said, Oregano's does a good job at attempting to duplicate the Deep Dish Chicago Style Pizza.  The crust is not that of Gino's East in Chicago, but it's not a bad second.  I wish they offered shrimp on their pizza like Giodarno's in Chi-Town offers, but they do offer "hatch green chilis" (A total Southwest thang!)  Nevertheless, I like it and it's good for my Chicago Pizza Fix!!  :)
3	I tried to take the family here for dinner 3 times.  Each time, we were told the wait was 30+ minutes.  Since I hate waiting and they don't take reservations, we passed and went somewhere else.  On the 4th attempt, The Better Half went ahead of time to put our name on the list so that I could join them later when we got seated....it worked perfectly.  I was in a business meeting and she timed it perfectly so that I was able to make it right after my meeting.We ordered:AppetizersSpinach Artichoke Diphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ZwDLtBopUHb6F2mIPFUJg?select=kmUXZrIRtqqJbOxfJeksrwSweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ZwDLtBopUHb6F2mIPFUJg?select=0FNCsaKdjoPOayWsFC8x5wPizzas10" Thin Crust - Onions, Green Peppers, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Jalapenos, Mushrooms, Gorgonzola Cheesehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ZwDLtBopUHb6F2mIPFUJg?select=dD0jzKpj2Oh-eaE7sVvLZw8" Thick Crust - Pepperoni, Sausagehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ZwDLtBopUHb6F2mIPFUJg?select=VxSsA7mn7xU0QCmvjHrfUg10" Thick Crust - Anchovies, Mushrooms, Gorgonzola Cheese, Onionshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ZwDLtBopUHb6F2mIPFUJg?select=HOLWbqCsw7-cPBoyFTY19QYeah....we were hungry!  We ordered too much food and had to take a lot of it home.The Pizzas were cooked well done, per our request.  We enjoy well done Pizza.  Because the ingredients are fresh, it took 45 minutes for the Pizzas to come out.  I had the Thin Crust.  After such a long wait, I had high expectations....unfortunately, I was disappointed.  It was just OK.  The Crust didn't have much flavor and the ingredients, while fresh, didn't hit my taste buds on a positive note.....damn.The rest of the family felt the same way about their Pizzas.  Kiddo had the Thick Crust Pepperoni & Sausage....he too is a Pizza lover like me and he said his was just OK.  Mom & The Better Half had the other Pizza and they too were underwhelmed.The Appetizers were the highlight of the evening.  The Spinach Artichoke Dip was delish & the Sweet Potato Fries were awesome.Overall, it was an average dining experience.  Was it worth the long wait to get in, then the long wait to get your Pizza?  No.Return Factor - 10%
5	I wish I didn't, love everything about this place, but I do.That's why I have to show restraint and not eat here as often as I'd like; because if I did, I'd weigh a lot more than I already do. When you walk up to be seated, you're sure to be greeted with friendly smile.  In fact, if a waiter happens to walk by with a tray full of food, he'll probably say hello too.  Even the bartender might wave to you.  Obviously, the management here places a huge emphasis on attentive service in a friendly environment.  The wait staff wears t-shirts with clever sayings on the back, such as "Legalize Marinara" and "Size Matters."You have a choice whether to sit inside our on the patio.  If the weather is good, I opt for the patio.   It has more action and great people watching.The menu is insane and offers too much temptation.  Anything I've ever eaten here has been great.  So I'll focus on my favorites.  My favorite appetizer is the stuffed mushrooms, filled with Italian sausage and covered with marinara sauce and cheese.  My favorite salad is the Pablo Picasso: Romaine lettuce with fajita chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onion and cilantro, then topped with tortilla strips.  The dressing is some sort of spicy jalapeno dressing.  The best pizza, in my opinion of course, is their Double Stuffed, like a deep dish pizza on steroids.  It takes 40 minutes to bake, so sit back and enjoy a couple of beers and wait for the grand entrance of your crusty cheesy tomato treasure.  Not that you'll have any more room in your tummy, but if you do, go for their Pizza Cookie.  It's a half pound of chocolate chip cookie dough, slightly baked and then topped with ice cream.  Try to visit Oregano's at "off times" so the wait will be shorter.  When it's busy, the wait time can be more than one hour.  But if it is, a server is likely to come out to the waiting area and serve you nibbles of thin crust pizza.  Is this place a slice of heaven, or what?
5	Great food! Great atmosphere!!
5	Visited this incredible restaurant and cannot say enough - great food, great service, great atmosphere.I almost passed because of the wait, but the wait was worth it.  I now also pick up the takeout which with the portion size, I have two great meals.
5	This place was fantastic! I enjoyed everything about it, the food, the service and the atmosphere.It was a million degrees outside so I sat inside at the bar. Extremely friendly bartender, friendly locals sitting next to me who totally wanted me to have some of their salad and fabulous food.I ordered the Grandma's chicken/potato/gorgonzola pizza. It was the St. Louis/flat style. It was to die for. My dining companion had a sandwich. I was told to get the deep dish cookie but, people people, there was no room for cookie. Next time. Had to send the left overs home with the friendly locals sitting next to me. Wow, were they ever so lucky to be sitting next to me that day?
4	I love this funky place! The staff is very friendly, the prices are great and the food is yummy. Go for it!
4	Pretty dayum good pizza. Not very fast but i thought the food was worth the wait. Try the itallian sausage. I also suggest the Bellini. I was debating giving 5 stars because I found the place quite charming, nice chill outdoor patio, but my date was upset the bathroom was out of papertowells and I didn't like the fact there was only 1 stall in the ladies room in patio. But overall, I will definitely love to come back again.
5	Great pizza with good friendly service. Wonderful thin crust and excellent sauce.
4	We went on a Saturday at 6. That was a mistake, it was really busy and we had to wait about an hour. The wait was definitely worth it, we were served beers on the bench in the waiting area so the time passed by pretty fast. We started off with the italian sausage stuffed mushrooms. The sausage was spiced perfectly. Very good. For our main course we had the cajun chicken pesto thin crust and the veggie sandwich. The pizza was good, not much cajun flavor but well done. The veggie sandwich was out of this world good. The goat cheese and red pepper aioli made it outstanding. We then went to the hot cookie desert. Ridiculous. Save room for it. Next time I'm hoping to try one of the stuffed pizzas and the picasso salad. Can't wait!
4	So this location has a chill patio surrounded by two indoor dining areas and a bar. Very nice indeed. Unfortunately they only have a few mixed drinks, beers, and wines - no full bar. Oh, btw the food here is very very good!
5	Ok so from being from San Diego I just moved out to Scottsdale a few weeks ago and have been looking for great Chicago style pizza. I had been told about a few places and I finally tried Oreganos and its the best thin crust pizza in AZ. Both of my parents were born and raised in Chicago so I have known what great pizza is from them.I got a sausage and green pepper thin crust pizza and it was perfect. I was also told by the host on the phone that the wings are really good so I got some Italian gold wings and they were very good too. Now I took it home so I didnt get any dessert but I hear the cookie with ice cream is amazing. I look forward to going again and make sure you go early and still plan on waiting haha. I called in my order on a friday night at 5:45 and it still took an hour but was well worth it and I will be back again and again. I told my parents about this place and they are excited to try it when they come visit at the end of the month. I look forward to trying other stuff as well. Also all of the stuff are super nice and everyone says hello and asks how you are doing. I love it. Go to this place ASAP and enjoy.
5	Holy Hernandez this place is amazing!  Worth the wait!
2	This is a tough review to write. I read a review from Derek M and I scratch my head. He states "I love this place. It's one of our very favorite, if not our absolute favorite, pizza places in the country." I am not insulting you Derek, or your taste buds but.....How does one write that when Pizzeria Bianco is no more than 10 miles away? In the country? Have you even made an attempt to stand in line to try the pizza rosa? You are in TO, have you gone to LA to try Pizzeria Mozza? Oregano's is one of the best in the country? I am a pizza snob, and I believe the epicenter of pizza has a 201, 973, 516 and 212 area code attached to it. That being said I will even yield to places like Maria's in Milwaukee or even the Rainbow Room in LA for good pizza. Classic Italian Pizza in Tempe or even Grimaldi's, although that has become a chain is good pizza. Oregano's? If those are A and B-list actors, Oregano's would be a D-list actor. I am not picking on it, but it is just basic pizza from a local chain. It is better than Peter Piper or Little Caesar's but how does one declare its supremacy in a town that has Chris Bianco firing up an oven every day. Even Picazzo's at the corner of FLR and Scottsdale makes a better or more unique pie than Oregano's.Oregano's is a local pizza chain serving up pizza and pasta and whatever. It is okay.
4	Get some wings!
4	It is really, really hard not to get totally stuffed when you go to Oregano's. Tonight was my first time trying their stuffed Number One-o, and I'm glad I waited a little bit before trying to have a second slice. Because having a second slice definitely would not have been a good idea. Delicious as it was, and ooey gooey with cheese, it was VERY filling. But did I have room for dessert? Of course I did! And since 8 of us shared 2 pizzookie's (only, really only like 5 of us had some....and of those 5 only 2 had more than one bite (I was one of the two)), I felt totally okay with it. But alas, I left satisfied and very, very happy.
5	My family has been going to Oregano's since the 1st location in Tempe opened up.  It's absolutely our favorite place.The dough they give our kids to play with is a fun different change from other places.The Boom Dip is fantastic!Pasta Basta is my favorite.We love the idea of a smallish restaurant with great patios.  The wait is an issue most of the time but what does that tell you?  There wouldn't be a wait if it wasn't any good.We have now traveled to almost all the locations just for fun!The ambiance is great at all we've been to.We have out of town guests who always request a trip to Oregano's.Here's a tip...there's a couple dishes that take 30-45 min. so order those while your waiting and it'll be ready once you get seated.
5	Close to restaurant perfection. Expect a long wait, but well worth it. BBQ chicken pizza = amazing. Pizza cookie is incredible. Service has never really been lacking. I've been back many times and will continue to do so.
1	Oregano's, you screwed me. The first time I went here, I went based upon someone's recommendation. I wrote you a fair balanced review and in turn, I thought we had an understanding. I wouldn't rip you a new one and you would insure that if I ever came back, you would provide some consistency to he food. I never said your food was stellar, I just wanted to get the same crap I got the first time. I upheld my end of the bargain, you took my fair review and screwed me. On my second visit, I ordered a meatball sub, again. I wanted the Jr. The same as I had before when you included the waffle fries that were not needed. This time you served me a whole sub, not what I wanted and there were no fries. I didn't want them, but where were they? How was the sub? Yuck! I could have got a better meatball sub at Subway. Do you understand how insulting that comment was? Oregano's, I said Subway. That is bad, dude! Bad!! I guess what we have determined is that you just suck. You are another horrible, fake Italian restaurant, serving food that Chef Boyardee would be ashamed to put his face on.Oh yeah, where was the cute blonde at the register? If you are going to serve bad food, always make sure there is a cute blonde serving me, not a fat guy with glasses in a white t-shirt. That just makes the whole experience even worse.
4	I eat here every Sunday. The have football on the TVs out side. Not a place to go for the football rather the wings. Such good wings! The other reason men like myself eat here are the well endowed women. They have beautiful haboobies here they make me want to go motorboating!
4	Yummm. Love The Lady is A Scampi.. it's all I ever seem to order from this place. Can't get myself to stray. HUGE shrimp, pasta i perfect and full of flavor. As for everything else.. service was spot on, wait was only 30 minutes on a Friday night which is unheard of. One complaint.. ordered a dirty martini and there was no olive garnish :( But if that's the only problem..we're in pretty good shape.
1	We did a carryout here last night and it was awful. I have no idea what everyone is raving about. Obviously they've never had good  pizza. We got the cheese, sausage and mushroom pizza. First off, there was only cheese and sausage.....no mushrooms. I also ordered the cheese garlic bread, which has to be the worst I've ever had . The bread was definitelly stale and they put mozarella and an orange cheese that I think was cheddar. I've never had cheese garlic bread with anything but mozzarella and a butter garlic spread under the cheese. I would definitely not recommend this place. FWIW -The best pizza I've had is at Pizziarea Bianco. It's a bit of a drive from Scottsdale but worth it. Vino's in Scottsdale is pretty good too.
5	I have been coming to this and all of their locations since they opened. The food is always fresh hot made to order and tastes very much like a homemade food. What's that this is a weird very helpful and friendly. All of the girls that work here are very pretty. Great place for chicago thin and stuffed crust pizzas.
4	My girlfriend and I went here yesterday after hearing tons of great things about Oregano's.  It was around 230pm, so not too busy.  We were seated immediately and the service was great and friendly, which isn't always the case when you show up to a restaurant at shift change.We both had the dinner salad, which was fresh and had all the right toppings.  I had the Zany Ziti and my girl had the all you can eat bowl of pasta (not sure why since she's tiny and couldn't even finish one bowl, but I digress, lol) The food arrived a short time later.  Everything was hot and tasty.  Mine came in a bread bowl, which was a nice touch.  The garlic bread was delicious and crusty and plenty of butter and garlic, mmmmm. The marinara had a nice taste to it with a little kick. The surroundings are very welcoming and laid back, overall a very nice, relaxing environment.We'll definitely be back, just wish there was one closer to us in the west valley.
5	Came here for a lunch date with daughter and we had the absolute best service on top of always fantastic food! Melissa our server was super friendly, engaged us in conversation, never let us run out of drinks, promptly delivered our food and managed to not make us feel like she was lingering. she even offered us drinks to go and boxed our food for us. On top of it all, the manager (pete, i believe) bought our pizza cookie for absolutely no reason! they made my special lunch date with my daughter that much better! thank you Oregano's, Melissa, and Pete! We will see you again soon!
4	Pros:Great serviceAMAZING DESSERT (bazookie)Cons:Food was not great
3	Great thin crust pizza, good local brews on tap. Would have given this another star if it wasn't for the 90 min wait for a table.
4	Been to several Oregano's locations over the years, first time at this one.  Parking is lousy here with a lot about 1/4 the size it needs to be to accomodate their guests.  The mall parking lot however has lots of space and we took advantage of that.  I generally like Oregano's but the wait at most locations keeps me away.  Maybe it was timing but on a recent Saturday mid-afternoon, 2 of us were seated immediately.  Gasp!I think this location may seat more than some of their stores.  We were seated at a bartop that seemed right in the middle of traffic.  Asked to move to a booth, no problem there.  Service was friendly and as fast as can reasonably be expected with pizza at Oregano's.I like their thin-crust pizza and they deliver this as expected.  Don't waste your time w/ the pizookie (or whatever it's called baked cookie) unless you enjoy squishy semi-baked cookie dough (ugh).  Kind of funny that it's always half-baked as they make a big deal about advance-ordering and ask you WHEN you order your entree if you want desert because it takes time to bake.  What?? Glad to see Oregano's growing.  We will be back.
5	If its italian night it's Oreganos hands down. I've been to this location 3 or 4 times now and have always left uncomfortably full but very satisfied. Last night we went and started with the Toasted Ravioli's. It's a must get app. The jalapeno cheese inside is perfect.Then we had the big rig with meatballs and the chicken artichoke lasagne. The big rig still stands as my favorite pasta dish (I like it best with chicken for the health factor, although the meatballs are great). The chicken lasagne is absolutely phenomenal - so much flavor, cheese and chicken. If it wasn't a heart attack I could have it once a week. We splurged and finished with the pizzokie...big yummy soft choc chip/white chocolate macadamia cookie covered in ice cream. One of my favorite desserts ever. I wish Oreganos existed in San Francisco!
4	Great food. Pizzas was decent, but I highly recommend ordering some hot wings, salad, and a side order of the garlic bread. I would have given it a 5 star,but my waiter had an attitude problem . Other than that, great atmosphere and great food.
5	My family and I just love this place. It's our favorite family restaurant. Although, they removed one of our favorite dishes - The Big ol' Ravioli. But we always love the pizza!The thing we particularly love about this place is the fair prices, the unique and warm atmosphere, and that the servers are always very personable.  We always arrive between 4-5pm and usually don't have to wait. The outdoor patio is very pleasant.  We have probably dinned here 20 times and it's always been a good experience.
5	Really yummy food in large quantities at a great price. The ingredients are fresh, the salad portions are substantial, there are tons of different menu options, and the food is tasty...hard to beat that for a lunch break from work or dinner with the family. The bread bowl pasta (pesto penne) is genius. The Oregano's Favorite salad is amazing and very substantial. It's full of fresh vegetables, tons of cheese, and wonderful toasted pine nuts. I could eat this salad over and over, and the portion size is big enough to make it an actual meal
4	Pizza night at Oregano's with the family, we've been going to this one for years! Always a great experience, best thin crust pizza in Scottsdale. The salads, especially the Oregano's original are huge and we get one to share before the pizza arrives. Great food at a great price. A lot of options on the menu so everyone gets what they want. The kids always get the warn Pizookie for dessert too. We love to eat on the patio on a nice day. The only drawback is the wait for this location, it's always 45-1 hour and they don't take reservations for 4. Luckily the Cactus location that just opened is a little better for wait and not too far away to dash over to if the wait here is too long.
5	I grew up in Chicago and have high standards for pizza. I ate the thin crust and this ranks in my top 3. Ate too much because it was so good.   One gal in our group got the Pablo Picasso salad and enjoyed that throughly. Agree the cheesy garlic bread also excellent
5	Seriously! What is the deal with the wait at this place?!! I have been going to Oregano's for over ten years now (including the old town location) and like clockwork there is always at least a one hour wait.  It makes no difference if they add more patio room, expand into the building next door or even open up a brand new location 5 miles away at the PV Mall. There is always a agonizing wait! Of course - this isn't Oregano's fault. Unless they start taking reservations, raise prices, or botching the food I don't think there is anything they can do about how popular they are. As far as the food goes, the menu is a kind of bastardized Italian. Nothing appears to be authentic unless you count the pizza as authentic NY style thin crust. Everything else  on the menu seems to have been put there to appeal to anyone on this planet who has ever uttered the phrase "Damn I'm starving". Or to put it a better way - if you are incredibly hungry Oregano's is without a doubt a 5 star restaurant. If you are a food snob , or on a diet, or if you rarely ever work up a healthy appetite you will probably not like it here. I always seem to be hungry and occasionally enjoy a giant plate of comfort food which is why I give Oregano's 5 stars. Don't believe me?.... Try it for yourself. Fast all day until 6pm, then go to Oregano's, put your name on the list, sit there and watch the servers parade all that food past you for 90 minutes, then sit at your table and order a giant bowl of spaghetti and meatballs (bollo pasta). You should be in a sensational food coma by the end of the meal.
2	Hands down this place is popular and busy, but I've just never had that great of an experience at any of the locations.  I'm happy that a local business has been so successful and been able to expand throughout the state.But there is just always something that steers me wrong.  This trip the waiter informed us that there was dairy in the marinara sauce....well just scratch the bulk of the menu for me.  Sure, Italian meals are heavily based around cheese, but there are very few other options on the menu as an entree.Everyone else walked away happy...so I'm the odd man out.  I was in the mood for pasta and walked away only sampling guacamole, garlic bread, and nibbled on some sweet potatoes fries.  Would really like to see some more health conscious (lighter) options besides a 4lb salad.Pros:Busy and lively atmosphereHuge portions (hopefully to take home)Well pricedGreat for familiesCons:Always a waitFeel like watching 'The Biggest Loser' afterwards
2	Usually a big fan but very disappointed in this location. I am familar with their training staff to greet/say hello to EVERYONE, but this can get annoying when one is not even making eye contact with you. It was FREEZING inside the restaurant and even at the outside bar. Initial greet at bar was pleasant but name was never given. Once we ordered bartender really never noticed us again. I was going to ask about temperature but couldn't catch her eye. Saw one patron go get a coat from her car, which I was forced to do as well. 2nd shift came on and proceeded to talk about her school problems at loud volume for an extended period of time, then changed into her work shirt BEHIND THE BAR. Everyone seemed preoccupied with the obvious regulars at the end  of the bar. food was good as usual.
5	I used to eat here all the time in college but it had been awhile. THe main reason for not going for a long time were the long lines and wait times each time we tried to go. Now I see WHY the lines are long and WHY people wait in them:  1. the food is amazing. from sweet potato fries with divine aioli to the always alluring Vino Bambino salad to make it your way boll'o'pasta to pizza and pizzookie you cannot go wrong!  2. the portions are huge and make the second meal as good as the first. I'm eating leftovers as I type!  3. the employees. I think its against the rules to have a bad day here. Everyone is super nice and genuinely so.   4. the atmosphere. it's fun. It's different, it's cute and it works. Makes for a good time on a date, with the fam or just hanging out.  I have a new found love for Oregano's and will be waiting in line alot more often in the future.
5	ALWAYS a good choice; service, food & atmosphere. If you're not in the mood for pizza,try the "Pablo Picasso Salad" or the "Alfredo the Dark" pasta!
4	I always enjoy going to Oregano's locations throughout the valley and this location has been great both times I dinned here. Steak salad is extremely good if you want to stay away from the starch! Love the service here!Wait time has always been bad but hey, they are busy! I'd rather go to a busy restaurant than a dead one. Last experience at a restaurant that was rather dead resulted in food poisoning. There is a reason that people flock to certain restaurants!
5	How can you not enjoy Oregano's?  The service at this location is always great and friendly staff.  The seating is about as ample as it gets for an Oregano's and the fact that they are ALWAYS busy, says something, they are popular cause they are good.I got the Junior Beefstro Salad, the bf got the chicken lasagna.  Both are amazing ( I had to sneak a bite of his).  The portions are good size, and the price is right.  There is just no way to go wrong.
5	The best pizza in the Valley, hands down. The deep dish pizza is the best. The atmosphere is fun and charming but be prepared for long wait times because the dining room is tiny and they are SUPER MEGA BUSY all of the time!  I highly recommend the garlic cheese bread - it is an excellent starter.  The salads are first rate. The deep dish pizza is FANTASTIC!  The dessert cookie rules! The service is attentive and friendly. Its a fun atmosphere coupled with a great menu which means that you are bound to have an excellent time with friends and family.  There is a reason why both tourists and locals love this place-its AWESOME!
5	Great service, fun atmosphere, fantastic prices, and the food is always amazing.
4	We always love this place no matter what, I always get the big rig, love the spicy pasta, but this time wife and sister talked me into the Oregano Salad which was super and did the classic pizza and chicken pesto pizza.  Both good but the classic i liked better, was lighter, the chicken pesto was a bit too heavy for me.  But way toooo much food for only 5 adults we got a 16" and 18"   way too much.  And finished it off with the famous pizza cookie ( 2 of them )  and it was amazing as always, that's what brought us in the 1st place ;)
2	I don't get it.  Why the fuss or the great reviews?   I've gone to various locations - Phoenix, Tempe, Shea Blvd.  I don't understand why people will wait 30-45 minutes to eat here?  The service isn't bad, the atmosphere is nice.  But honestly, the food isn't that great (IMHO).   I've tried the Turkey Sub, the Chicken Fiesta Salad, the Italian Sausage Sub, the Margarita Pizza and others...nothing has impressed me.  I wonder if people love this place because they serve Cheesecake Factory-like servings (I've always had to take my food home in a doggy-bag).  It's about as faux pizza and Italian food as you can get.   Don't get sucked into the crowd-source mentality of friends raving about this place.   No way am I a fan of the food.  Period.
4	The food was great and so was our waitress. We ate outside and for being the middle of June, it was surprisingly nice outside because of umbrella shading and I think misters.
5	Oh Oreganos, it's been over ten years since I fell in love with your fresh, flavorful salads and your cleverly quipped "Zany Ziti". Still, somehow I think I love you more every year, which is why I'm willing to wait on a week night, or any night for that matter. All of my friends know that if they suggest dinner of my choice then we will be heading over to Scottsdale and Shea because it doesn't get any better than that.This is BY FAR the best Oregano's location. (I have been to all of them minus Flagstaff and PV Mall area.) The cheerleaders also known as servers there are always friendly, smiling and fast. I only have two suggestions for this location and others:1) Salads and main courses should never arrive together unless specified by the guest. Sometimes I forget to tell my server I want my salad first and my food gets cold. Mutl-tasking isn't something that should be involved when dining, we want to savor the moment and the delicious food. Let's fix this!2) The Gorgonzola vinaigrette was the best thing that happened to Oregano's since the old-school raspberry vinaigrette took off. Please bring one of these dressings back stat.
1	"No Vegans Allowed", reads a sign posted just above the entrance and narrated by a middle aged man in slow motion usually working for charlie brown. Okay, maybe not, but it should be there. The only thing truly vegan on the menu is the guacamole, so they claim. The pastas all have cheese, even just red sauce pasta (they cook the cheese into the sauce), my sources reveal. The only reason I find myself at Oregano's is if one of my friends is getting a melted chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on it, which, to be honest, looks delicious.
5	Yum yum yum.  Great food great service I don't recommend often but this was great. Salad through main course was flavorful and delicious.
2	Oreganos is a fun restaurant and their food is pretty yummy. Portion sizes are Cheesecake Factory style -- enough to share or to take home for another filling meal. However, the restaurant is really dirty and for this reason I cannot give it more than two stars.I have been to this location many, many times. More than 20. Each time I go there are flies EVERYWHERE. Even our server was embarrassed and tried to explain why there were flies (apparently it's because I was wearing perfume) and lit candles at 2:00PM to "attract" the flies. I spent most of my meal batting flies away from my food and hair. So gross.After looking around for to figure out WHY there were flies I noticed just how filthy the restaurant is: there are splatters of what I assume is food on the blinds and a build up of what look like years of crumbs on the window sills, especially in the corners. (The booths that line the walls are next to windows). It was so gross I wouldn't have wanted to touch the blind cord to open the shades without a Clorex wipe. Ew. I can't believe that this popular of a restaurant doesn't take the time to wipe down their windows -- even just once a month.I honestly don't think I will be back here anytime soon. I need to forget how grossed out I am before venturing back to this place. It very well could be that the flies were attracted to my perfume but if that's the case why am I never bothered by flies any where else?On a positive note the service was great. Seriously, just clean the place and find a way to fix the fly issue.
4	Guac-A-Tony appetizer is Oregano's version (Italian) to Guacamole and Chips!Pretty tasty!  The portions are huge! Although they discontinued my favorite meal the eggplant sandwich they still have great salads (very filling) and of course pizza! I have yet to try their veggie sandwich.  If you like Bellini's, you will love their's! Only downfall for me (a sports enthusiast) is their is no T.V.'s for football season. I do understand that they probably want to keep it a family restaurant instead of a sports bar. Great date restaurant!
5	This place rocks, best salads, pizza, meatballs are killer! Always friendly people ho work here!
4	Dear god I'm fat.OK. That's not true. In fact, I've lost weight since moving out to this here Valley of the Sun. But that doesn't mean Oregano's doesn't try to suck me into obesity every dang time I'm here. Warning: This review contains lots of yelling, because the food is INSANE.But first I want to address my one complaint: The bathroom. WHY! Why must there only be one stall?! This place is on a wait circa 5:00 p.m. every night (including week nights), why must I almost pee my pants waiting for the one stall to be vacated?!!? And it's stuffy in there too. Wah.(Oh yeah, another review talks about this too: WTF is up with the flies in the main room? There's always one buzzing around our table. The place seems clean so...I dunno.)ONTO THE FOOD.It's stupid. The portions, how tasty it is, all of it. It's just dumb. Favorites include:-Deep dish Sproccoli pizza: Are you kidding me?! I could barely finish one piece, and it's not like I didn't want to eat more. I was just STUFFED. The thin crust ain't nothin' to sneeze at, either. And make sure they take the bucket-o-parm and sprinkle it over your pie. YUM.-Guacatony: Why. Why do they need to over-stuff the large ramekin holding the Italian-herb-laced guacamole so it spills all over the crispy perfection of cheesy-toasty "chips"?! WHY?! Because they want me to weigh a deuce, that's why!!!!!-The veggie sandwich: WHAT WAS THIS MONSTROSITY?! PILES of grilled veggies and cheese (Provolone AND goat cheese, who's counting?), basil, and since I don't dig aioli all that much I ordered a side of marinara to go with it for dipping. I am a sandwich bandit and I could only deal with half of it. -Pesto Penne Bake: How is this? And why is this? Pesto pasta and sundried tomatoes and cheese BAKED INTO A BREAD BOWL WHY. -Boyfriend's favorite salad on Earth is the Pablo Picasso salad. Also, a "small" version of this is roughly the size of a football field. I'm afraid of the regular-sized one. I fear it.-The lunch "slice" (2 big slices) with their awesome house salad (homemade Italian dressing = savior) is a STEAL.I'm faint just typing this all out. My love of Oregano's truly exhausts me. I think I need to make a trip soon to regain strength.
2	If your from NY, stay away from this joint. I was mislead by my dining companion on my first visit to believe the thin crust pizza resembled a real NY version of pizza. When the pizza arrived though, it was basically a cracker crust with cheese on top that slid off when you bit into the odd sliced square pieces. It wasn't appetizing and especially if your pizza pallette is east coast, you will be really disappointed especially after hearing the hype from my date. Oh she is from New Mexico, so I should have know better. I barely ate a slice because the crust is seriously the width of a dime. We started with the deep fried ravioli, which was well cooked, but jalapeno cheese probably doesn't belong inside if you like them the traditional way. Seems like Oregeno's tries to hard to be fancy with cute names, but this is more of a concept joiint than a good food joint unlless you grew up in Chicago. OregoeNO.
5	I don't know where to start with Oregano's. I'm used to receiving good service, but this place went above and beyond to make me feel important, even when the place is packed on a Friday night. Moving my order up the queue so it would be done sooner, accompanying me to the area where the pick-up was (I was a newcomer), and then being almost the friendliest servers I've ever dealt with (seriously). That isn't even mentioning the pizza, which was by far the best I've had since moving here and is a close second to Brooklyn Pizza in New York. We tried Rossati's a couple of weeks before, and Oregano's blew them away. Amazing pizza, great service, and a price that is comparable to any pizza joint in town.
2	Went back to give the pasta a try. The roasted garlic Chicken Lasagna seemed unusual and was supposed to contain all white meat in the dish which of course it didn't. The piece of lasagna was big, but you could only cut the thing with a fork and knife, which meant it was reheated in the microwave and ended up rubbery. They also only give you one piece of garlic bread for that giant dish and make you purchase an extra piece of bread. I need bread with most pasta bites so this is just a money grab thing because they know that one piece of bread is not going to make it through the meal. Pretty average piece of pasta. I kept the star level the same because the cashier and bartender were super nice when I came in to pick up take out order. It's something, but not enough. Clock strikes 0 on this local "legend"..cough.
3	I like Oreganos. For what it is. the service is ALWAYS stellar. they accommodate every type of party that walks in the door. I give any business kudos for that. The food is good. Not GREAT, but good. I've had several items since moving here in January 2012. The portions are absolutely enormous. Be warned. The JR salads are still enough to share. I've had the thin crust pizza, which to me was standard zaa... Good sauce, nice amount of cheese. Standard for a thin crust. The Chicago stuffed was another story.. I was really looking forward to this one since I saw the neighboring table chow down. We ordered a basic pizza with pepperoni, sausage and caramelized onions. It came looking amazing! And it wasn't bad, it was just loaded with so much cheese that it took over any toppings one might like to enjoy. Another minus (for me) was that instead of their nummy sausage chunks it was layered with enormous slices of sausage to the point where besides the sick amount of cheese that was all you could taste. It by no means was inedible but be warned. I wouldn't order it again and it was NOT Chicago style. I've also had their Diablo shrimp pasta dish and sadly it was great the first time and not even spicy the next. I will still eat here as it is a great place to chill and get some grub but if your looking for Chicago zaaaa... find somewhere else...All in all, a good standard place to eat, exremely nice servers and decent food. just not what I want when I think of the good ol Midwest pizza.
5	ALWAYS a great experience. Great servers, great food, and a great environment. I've only had a case of one waiter who wasn't very good, but the other many times that I've been there make up for it. I've been to other Oregano's and this location is by far my favorite. I love the feel of walking into Italian homes, feeling at home.
1	WOW I just drank the grossest most vile beer of my life !!!!  I've seen Frat initiations that were less gruesome. OK, Take a beer feed it to a paying patron, Let the ass of it mold and dry out then use that old moldy glass to serve your next customer. When I showed the waitress she looked terrified and tried to make up some excuse that it came from the keg, when clearly we could see what took place here. Later the manager came over and apologized as he was shocked. I had already consumed most of the vile beer before looking into the infectious glass. Oregano's you should be ashamed. Feeding honest hard working people this sh*@ is disgraceful. And I hope this post helps another hard working family avoid such a dreadful experience!
4	Ummmmm hello! The best customer service ever! I worked for in n out for 4 years and they live up! The white pizza with red onions and garlic sauce was good. The tomatoes were a little much. I will be back to try other options but bc of the friendly staff I will score as high as I did. Management, take note!!
5	All oreganos rock! In my opinion best pizza in AZ. Their pizza cookie desert is awesome as well. This location never fails to impress me, I meet clients here regularly. Weekday lunch almost always has a wait if you do not want to sit at the bar though.
4	Oregano's is great. The service always blows me away - everyone is incredibly nice. I really enjoy the Boom Dip, and if you're looking for deep dish pizza in the valley - Oregano's "Stuffed Pizza" is probably the closest thing you are going to find (or at least it is the closest thing I've found to TRUE chicago style). Takes a bit longer but is worth the wait, and you can order ahead of time. The only complaint I have is that they got rid of the calzones (SO GOOD), I wish they would bring them back.
4	Excellent and friendly place to have a meal. The staff here is very very nice--a little out of character for North Scottsdale. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait, especially if you go at peak lunch hour as there are a lot of office parks nearby.The food is very good. You can get a lot of your traditional heart-stopping Italian grub here (like a meatball sandwich) but they have a lot of variety for those who like to eat lighter as well. There is plenty on the menu besides pizza.
2	I don't get it. When people here that I am from Chicago they ALL recommend Oregano's.  My husband works near the Shea location and brought a pizza home. The crust was super thin which I like, but it lacked pizzazz. I like deep dish, pan, thin crust, super thin, etc, but I did not like Oregano's. Also, they are more on the expensive side.
4	Pizza is a little heavy on the cheese, but good overall. Great service and huge salads.
4	Great service. Wonderfully friendly managers. Had Pablo Picasso salad and was very happy. No one person can eat a full size. A jr salad is huge!
5	UPDATE: Drumroll.... I am back on the Oregano's bandwagon!! I had a not-so-hot experience a couple months ago that I included in a review update on Yelp. After posting my review, their PR representative promptly reached out to me, apologized and asked us to give Oregano's another shot. She asked for my contact info to send a gift card -- what great, Yelpy etiquette! And when we came back in it was great to be back. The service and food were amazing and I remembered why I became such a huge Oregano's addict in the first place, (mouthwatering food and fun atmosphere).You know what they say about customers who have an issue: if you show you care and try to make it right they'll be your most satisfied, loyal customers ever in the future. Having said that, Oregano's and I are officially back together. And to quote Peaches and Herb (yup, that's a real band name), we're "reunited and it feels so good," but mostly, tastes SO good. Thanks, Oregano's!!
4	Food's closer to three and a half stars but that's alright.The standard pizza is a thin crust style, I know I've seen someone expect something else every time I dine here. It's good, don't get me wrong, but I don't think everyone prefers thin crust over a standard crust.The Chicago stuffed pizza is freaking huge, and it takes a while too! Considering there's a wait no matter what time I come, there's an option to order a stuffed pizza to cook while you wait. It's really nice because the pizza is ready as soon as we sit down!I think the sweet potato fries are really good, slight hint of spices give a needed kick. Also the calamari's great. It's crispy but not oily.And they have pizookies. I don't think anyone can really contest gooey cookie in a pan with ice cream on top.Service is pretty friendly, but I don't think this restaurant is good at accommodating huge groups. The tables can't really take more than 6-8 at most, and they're either booths are round tables, not the kind you can squeeze together.If your party is small and you crave Italian, nothing wrong with Oregano's.
4	It was at this location that I discovered a delightful appetizer. Oregano's version of mozzarella sticks features crispy fried crusts with a zesty breading and a spicy, melted, pepper jack cheese center. To top it off, you get a side of true hearty pizza sauce for dipping (not that wimpy marinara that you get elsewhere). The thing is, you won't want to dip, because they are so tasty on their own. But not all is lost, because the pizza sauce is good for eating straight out of the cup. Although I specifically discussed a lighter cooking of the pizza cookie with our server, who agreed that it isn't supposed to be charred, it nevertheless came out overdone. I'm not sure what it is, but 75% of the time across all of the Oregano's I've visited, the pizza cookie has come out overdone. Alas, this is a dessert that tastes substantially worse once it becomes overcooked and requires delicate attention. Now that I have discovered La Bocca on Mill has a superior version of this dessert, I won't be ordering it anymore when I visit Oregano's.
1	My nephew and I went to this "Bistro" yesterday around 3 pm and I was unbelievably disappointed. From the first encounter to the last it was all bad. I experienced bad attitudes throughout our meal. No one had genuine smiles on their faces and felt like I was a bother to most.It all started with the hostess who did not seem as though she wanted to be there and you could tell by the scowl on her face. Our waiter showed up and did not introduce himself just asked if we were ready to order. It is my belief that you should ask people if they have been to an establishment and offer guidance with the menu if you are calling yourself a "Bistro". Maybe even talk about specials if you have them. So I order mimosa and ask if we could have a bit more time given this is your first time in. When my mimosa arrives I'm less than pleased with the amount of fluid I see in my glass and say to the waiter who delivered it that it looked a little light. He put his hands up, shrugs and walks away doing nothing about my dissatisfaction. He must have told the women bartender because she came out not to apologize for the drink and make another one but to sneer at me. At this point I should have walked out but I didn't.Our waiter comes to take our order, we've decided to order the Chicago style pizza but he informed us it would take about 50 minutes to an hour so we declined and ordered the thin crust pizza on his recommendation. While we were waiting for our pizza we listen to the musical stylings of the hostess click her pen over and over and over again while she looks completely bored and uninterested in being there. Well 45 minutes later, our waiter comes by to tell us he has spoken to the manager the pizza would be out in an additional 5 minutes. Hmm I guess we could have ordered the Chicago style pizza after all. At this point I'm just ready for this to be over, so I do not complain. The pizza arrives and the flavor is not bad but for me it is a little runny and messy. 5 minutes after our food arrives I see the manager on her way over to our table and I'm thinking it's to see if we are ok given our food took over 50 minutes but this is not the case. It is to see if we wanted to have our pizza wrapped up to go! Well since I'm seated near the annoying hostess station (Looks like shift change because a new less than interested hostess is there clicking her pen now!) I know that there was a 10 top that needs to be filled so they wanted us to leave. About 3 minutes later our waiter does the same thing and I now concede. I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone, just bad all around. Oregano's do better!
5	I have visited his Bistro many times and have never been disappointed. The atmosphere and the servers have always been professional, helpful and they have a great laid back attitude. Our best experience has been with a server named Tim. His personality was over the top and made for a fabulous visit. On this last visit we had the stuffed mushroom appy which was great! I opted for a dinner salad with chicken and the sweet serrano dressing which I love. My friend had the margherita pizza and there were no complaints. We sat and chatted for quite a long time and never felt hurried by the staff to turn the table. One of my favorite places to go for great food with friends.
5	Wow....I have been to Oreganos for many times in my life but this is my first review!  To start I truly believe this is the best pizza and maybe best local restaurant that we have in the Phoenix area. I love the Chicago stuffed crust pizzas we got it with Pineapple, ham, garlic last time, and I was truly in heaven. The crust is almost pie like and it's unreal. I've had deep dish in Chicago before and this is the closest too, but yet so Arizona. I actually prefer the way Oreganos has it. Only if they had a west valley location...hint...hint.Anyways we had great service and shared a small stuffed crust pizza. Wow. We only ate 1 slice each and took most of it home and it lasted us at few more days.We were too full to eat a pizza cookie, but I've had so many of them before and each were great.  We were really trying to save room but just couldn't squeeze anything else in because the pizza was so filling!
5	If you are looking for a great Chicago style pizza, this is the place to go! The atmosphere here is excellent and they have a decent selection of wine and beer, especially or a pizza joint. Our server was Marissa and she was excellent! We ordered the Guaca-Tony, which is basically homemade guacamole and their "chips", which is more like a chip pizza...it was fantastic!Highly recommended for pizza!,
5	Best thin crust grandma Gs rosemary chicken potatoe pizza... Amazing! You will not be disappointed.
5	4.6/5 stars - Hard to find good pizza on the west coast but Oreganos is the best local chain in Phoenix. Best pizza to order is thin crust pepperoni and mushroom. Don't over-think it with the gourmet toppings, God made pepperoni for a reason.
4	I finally got Oregano's off my "to do" list. I was impressed with my Chicago Beef sandwich, the service & decor. The Shea Blvd location is convenient, customer friendly and comfortable. I'll be back.. In fact, I've already been back, this time for their meatball creation. Better than advertised, their sauce completed another tasty lunch. Oregano's deserves their impressive reputation.
2	We go to Oregano's for two things- Pizza and salads.  Tonight, we went for a giant salad and a piece or two of pizza.  When our waitress took our order, she said that they were low on romaine lettuce- (the main ingredient of  most of their salads) and asked if they could add some spinach. There were 5 of us, and most did not like spinach, so we were very disappointed, and wanted the manager to know.  He told us that he made 3 trips to the grocery store that day, and bought them out of romaine lettuce.  Then we found out they were not low on romaine, they were out.  I don't know how that happens, but it doesn't seem like that's a way to run a restaurant.  The manager knew that we were very disappointed guests, and did not offer anything to win us over or make us want to go back.
4	Really Good food especially for a chain restaurant. We always have great service here and the portions are very generous. There are always leftovers.
5	My wife and I dined here Wed 3/20/13. I want to say my wife lost her diamond wedding band when she took it off a moment. Her diamond engagement ring was at Jewelers getting blinged, I found the ring had it bonded to the diamond ring ......(she thought lost forever very upset) Back to Oreganos, our Server was awesome, Pablo Picasso Salad fresh, amazing mix of spices and vegs, Big Rig w/chix a grat stand by.... as we shared our server ( Forgive me think was Mike) catered to our every need, you don't get service like this at some fine dining places. Well time came to show my wife her "new ring" I decided to propose to my awesome wife got down on the one knee and Pow Popped the question..... She ws amazed by the ring, but not without the round of ceremony applause would it have been complete.... With out the atmosphere, awesome food, service, and manager.... Oh yeah... The manger I believehis name was Dennis ... Comped our check.. Told him it was unnecessary as we are already Married lol ... He insisted thanked us for choosing Oreganos for our special night ..... GUEST FOR LIFE!!!!!
4	Great pizza, sandwiches and service.
4	Pizza is thin and the crust is amazing.  Had the Ziti in the bread bowl.  It's just huge and tough to eat it all.  We love to eat at the bar.
5	My favorite pizza joint in Scottsdale.
5	My favorite place to eat!  Right from the minute you walk in, you are greeted by every single staff member, like you are royalty, whether you taking out or eating in.  And they genuinely mean it.  The service is over the top.  So attentive and friendly.  We go every week.  In fact, my husband and I have spent a couple thousand dollars there just in the past 2 years.  We have never had a bad meal.  I've tried almost everything and it is all so amazing every single time!  Just wanted to share with anyone that has never been.  It is worth the wait every time.  I've never reviewed on a restaurant before and thought they deserved it.  We love Oregano's on Shea!Ann N.
4	For some reason, I had a ridiculous craving for Chicago style deep dish pizza.  Like almost a physical urge to eat that thick, gooey, filling style of pie.  So we found ourselves braving the crowds (we went at 5pm and there was an hour wait!) because folks said Oregano's had good deep dish pizza.  First, can I talk about the menu?  What is this, a theme restaurant in Vegas?  The person who wrote this menu should be stoned (and probably was when he wrote it) for all the terrible, chintzy, schlocky, names and descriptions of food.  Anyway, they do a pretty decent job of managing the crowd and getting folks drinks while they wait in the large, open patio area, and a table opened up soon enough.  We started with a large, family style salad which was mostly lettuce.  Then the pizza came, and it was everything I hoped it would be.  Sure, it's not Giordano's, but it was seriously the next best thing.  It was thick and gooey and exactly what I was looking for.  We had the numero one-o (sigh...) and the amount of toppings, and the pounds and pounds of cheese hit the right spot.  The crust was a little tough to get through with the butter knife provided, but that's my only complaint about the pizza.  It was even good as a thick cheese brick the next day.So I'm going to take a star off for the seriously embarrassing menu, and for the fact that you cannot come here and not wait for a table, and the mediocre salad.  But that deep dish pizza is the real deal, far away from Chicago.
5	I love this place! My favorites are the white pizza and the chicken lasagna, which I'm such a fan of I hadn't taken a chance at trying their other dishes. Until today. The deep dish made me nostalgic of my native Midwest. The Pesto Penne was perfectly paired with its bread bowl. The calamari although fried, tasted fresh. The staff is friendly and it is a warm, inviting atmosphere as an added bonus. I discovered them when I first moved into town and ate from a catered lunch, catered for a several dozen employees. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality, considering the volume of food made at one time.Their cheap kids meals are always an added bonus.What more can I say?
4	We hit Oregano's in hopes of a quick bite before a late movie. It didn't work out, as the pizza took a bit longer than we had anticipated - but as we're on vacation, we didn't really mind. But definitely worth the wait. Crisp dough with fresh & interesting toppings. We ate al fresco in the courtyard: it had an intimate yet open feel to it. Definitely recommend - just give yourself more than an hour. Also, props to our waiter Clenard, who hustled to get us served in a friendly and timely manner.
4	Yummy as always!
4	Went there for dinner tonight with my husband and 15 month old son and we all left very happy!First off, with my 15-month old, he's at a stage where he doesn't want to be spoon-fed, but isn't very good at feeding himself yet. I hate going to a place where the cheapest item on the kid's menu is $8 because 75% of it will wind up smeared on the table, highchair, and on the floor. Oregano's offers a kid's slice for $2.99. Can't beat that price! In addition, it came out cut up into little kid-sized chunks AND the staff moved it off of the hot plate it was cooked on and onto a cooler platter. THANK YOU! I very much appreciate not having to shuffle the whole table around to avoid my son burning his hand on a hot plate!The atmosphere is fun, casual, and lively. We sat indoors, but even in the heat of Scottsdale in June, the patio seating was shady and cooled by misters. We could've enjoyed our stay there, too.Our server (Justin, i think?) was incredibly attentive without being overbearing. He never let our drinks run dry and was just really, truly, a pleasant addition to the evening!We ordered the Boom Dip. YUM! I'm a big fan of spinach artichoke dip, but this is definitely a contender for the best I've ever had. Very heavy on the artichoke where most are mainly cheese. I liked it!My husband and I split the O-Riva Pizza. The ingredients were very fresh and the crust was super thin. I personally would have preferred a little bit thicker crust, but I'll just try out a pan crust next time. The taste was great.In all, we had a very good time. It was a great place for dinner with the family and we'll definitely be back to check out more of the menu.
5	Wow.  Great thin crust pizza.  Cold beer and the app of thin crust and  guacamole was out of this world.  Loved the atmosphere and staff.  This will be our new go to when we visit!
4	I LOVE Oregano's pizza- their thin crust pizza that is. We had a nice dinner on the patio with the misters going. The reason why this wasn't a 5 star review is because we were placed by a large group of middle school- aged children (and they were being extremely loud and one scooted his chair out and almost ran into my mother)- the restaurant itself really couldn't do much since we were outside other than placing us at a different location or saying something to the kids. Our server was very friendly and empathetic to what was going on and brought us our pitcher of beer very quickly! Also, the misters were dripping all over us, our table, and our food.. it probably would've been a good idea to leave the umbrellas up even at night time since this occurred. We love Oregano's and plan on going back- probably best to sit inside though!!
5	Love this place! Super fast service and I love the misters outside! Wish the hostess area was inside especially in the hot Arizona heat. The waiting area for a table outside is a little tad bit too small especially when it's over 100 degrees and theres a bunch of other people waiting for a table. Love all their pasta here, service is super fast and all of the employees are all super nice and always have a smile on their face. The Pizookies here are to die for! Every time I come here I make sure I get one!
5	I think I've managed to hit all the Oregano's in town.  This was my last one and as always, it was a pleasant visit.  Went with my girlfriend and her son and ordered wings, the blackened pasta and a pizza.  Service was great and prompt and after we were all stuffed, the waitress asked us if we wanted to put a pizza cookie in .. .Yes please!!  Even if you are stuffed beyond anything, you MUST order one.  The three of us polished it off in no time flat.
5	Fantastic as always, great food, great place to hang out, great pizzas, great salads. Been going here since they opened the one in South Scottsdale.  Recent Pablo Picasso Salad over the top, fresh tasting chicken, huge salad, with 3 types of cheese, super hot salad dressing, chip strips, fantastic on all count and worth much more than what they charge! 5 stars now and 5 stars always!
4	We are transplanted Chicagoans, so Oregano's is the only pizza in Arizona for us.  But they really have to do something about the barware they use.  Really, the cheapest thing you stock your bar with is the glassware.  I ordered my usual vodka rocks with a lemon. What came to me looked like a shot glass, with a little alcohol in it and this oversized lemon wedge.  If it wasn't so pathetic, it would have been comical.  I really should've taken a picture of it.After complaining to the waiter, thinking he brought me a shot, he went and got the barmaid, who explained to me that they really don't consider themselves to have a full bar - it's actually a "mini-bar" - and no, they don't have rocks glasses, and this drink is the requisite one and a half shots of liquor.  "Sorry," she said.The pizza was good, as usual.  Just was disappointed at this, what seemed tacky, situation with the glasses.
5	Oregano's is awesome... from their pizzas to their salads to the pizza cookie (which I am usually too stuffed to order).  If you're in the mood for a drink with your meal, their peach bellini is fantastic.
4	I work close to this location and have come here for lunch many times. The thin crust pizza is very good and they have good lunch specials. If you get the specials the service is pretty quick.I went to this location tonight with my boyfriend. I ordered the Oregano's Favorite salad and he ordered the Alfredo in the Dark, which was kind of a Southwest take on pasta and cream sauce. I have ordered this salad before and remember is being better. It seemed like it was missing a few ingredients. My boyfriend's pasta was pretty bland, which was a let down because I love Afredo. I will stick to the pizza.
5	Great pizza! Even the small pizza's are a great size.  My table ordered a Numero One-O and the Clark Street Meat Pizza.  Best of both worlds of meat pizza's.  Both were great.  You always worry at pizza joints if the pizza will be dosed with grease, but not here.Service was quick and friendly, especially for us rolling in with around 15 people.
4	I have been to this oregano's 4 times and I've never been disappointed! The staff is friendly and eager to make (great) recommendations. I've had the fried calamari and the guacamole, both of which are terrific! The guacamole comes with what is essentially a crunchy thin crust white pizza. It's delicious, but SUPER garlicky so avoid it if you're on a date. I've had both the deep dish and the thin crust pizza and they're both AMAZING. The deep dish is extremely filling and does take a long time to prepare, so if you're not trying to be there for a while, I recommend just sticking with the thin crust. The Cajun chicken topping is great on any of the pizzas :)
4	Seems weird to order wings at an italian joint but they're amazing!!! Have never had a bad meal at Oreganos!
5	Lived in AZ for two winters back in '07 and '08. I used to frequent the Oregano's establishment!  I went back last and it hasn't changed. Same great atmospher and same great pizza!  Lastly, i don't care how full you are after your dinner, there is always room for one of their cookie pizzas!  SO GOOD!!!
2	After coming here for years and loving it, yesterday's experience was so disappointing.  They have changed the menu so no longer is the Junior sausage sandwich available, just the regular.  Ok, we like leftovers but guess what? The "regular" size is the same as the Junior was but the price went up!  Then I ordered the Bollo Pasta, which usually comes with 2 large slices of garlic toast.  Instead it came with 2 tiny bites.  No Parmesan was offered, the sausage sandwich had zero sauce so we had to order that extra, and my husband's last straw - they changed from Coke products to Pepsi!  Our waitress said there were numerous complaints about this but Pepsi is cheaper for management to serve.  Overall it appears management is scrimping on all the things that have made this place a favorite.  It will be replaced as our go-to weekend restaurant.  So sad.
5	Great atmosphere. Very good service. 2nd time I've been here. Food is awesome! Try the rosemary chicken pizza. You won't be disappointed!
3	Always a fun place to go to for a pizza cookie, salad, pizza, etc. Friendly service too.
5	Love this place! Great service great food! Went in there on Friday night our server was Abrian he was super funny and provided awesome service! If your in the neighborhood you should check this place out!
1	I was told there was a gluten free menu but that was not the case. Horrible options if you are gluten free.
3	I love this place!  So not a fan of their pizza but they have the best salads and awesome iced tea. Love sitting outside here. Great lunch spot!!  Great for take out. Oregano's is yummy.
2	Was great at one point, but an apparent lack of discretion and management oversight has ruined it for me.The food quality remains good for the most part, but I've been a long-time customer and was saddened to learn my favorite server was terminated recently - he always made it a great experience.  What shocked me though was how openly the staff was in sharing with me the gory details of what this employee had supposedly done to get let go.   How embarrassing for this place to have their staff airing their company's dirty laundry to the customers!  So unprofessional.  If I want gossip, I'll go to the mall and listen to some teenage girls, thank you.
3	UPDATEThe management at Oregano's reached out to me for additional info and has assured me they've addressed the problem with the staff.  I'm hopeful my next visit will be more pleasant and not involve awkward self-disclosures by the staff.
4	I was here for lunch last week, I do gotta say is a must try. Pizza and pasta was great. I'm new in town and I will for sure be back. The staff incredibly friendly!!!!!
5	This is a family favorite!  The thin crust pizza is the best I've ever had!  The Vino Bambino salad is fantastic as well. Their kids menu is a hit and very reasonably priced. Don't forget to order a Pizza Cookie before you leave - a great dessert that will keep you coming back for more!
5	DELICIOUS Stuffed Pizza. Takes a while to get to you but it is worth every minute of it. Also it looks small but it super filling.
2	After calling in to get some to-go food (and dealing with their illogical "time-slot" pick up schedule) I ordered their Chicken Parm Pasta, which was described as "a huge free range Chicken breast"...they might need to either alter that, or look up the word huge.  I could barely find what looked like a small, pounded half of a chicken breast under the   mound of mozzarella.  More cheese than chicken, by a fair margin.On the up side, the employees were their usual happy selves, and that is one reason to go to this location.  I am usually a big fan of the food, but maybe I hit the one menu item that does not live up to the hype.  Love the Big Rig, love the pizza, Chicken Parm pasta....take it or leave it.  I chose the latter.
1	I went here for my birthday, and got violently sick. I ordered a draft beer, and there was chunks of green mold floating in it. They bring me a "new" one, and what do you know- that one has mold floating in it too. Didn't take a sip, by the way. This happened four times! So I just ordered a bottled beer. To eat, I had the spinach and artichoke dip, which is what made me sick. I was throwing up so violently the next two days, one of my ribs broke. They need to acknowledge their problems and solve them. Now, I'm reporting them to the health department.
5	WOW! This place rocks. The BF and I were in town for a couple days and we stopped in for dinner. My BF lived in Scottsdale for a bit and insisted we come to Oregano's for dinner. I'm glad we did just that! It was a warm, glorious Arizonia evening and Oregano's was the happening place. We didn't have a reservation so we ended up sitting on the deck and enjoying the evening. The host told us about an hour but it was more like 35 minutes. We'll take it! We started with the Boom Dip. A nice blend of cheeses, spinach and artichokes served with a flatbread like chip. Man, was this good! The portions are HUGE and the prices are LOW. You do the math! Next, I had the Bollo Pasta. This was a simple angel hair pasta with Oregano's housemade Marinara. Packed with flavor and freshness. It was 6.99 and I couldn't make a dent. I was also informed that you could get refills on this pasta. My BF had the shrimp scampi. Non-traditional but tummy loving delicious. A nice kick of spice at the end and tons of shrimp. Now that I think about it, was this all a dream..? I wish there was a place like this in Los Angeles. You win Scottsdale. You win!
1	THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THEIR STUFFED PIZZA.This pizza is not good.  Someone who works there needs to intern for a few weeks in Chicago and learn the stuffed pizza trade. Too cheesy and my intuition says it is not a blend of cheeses (just mozz) making for a oily one-dimensional pie.  Crust is week, without flavor and cannot hold up to the amount of cheese on the pie.  Sauce is unremarkable.If you are used to Chicago stuffed pizza (My Pie, Gino's, Lou's, Burt's etc) you will be VERY disappointed.  I hear that the thin crust is better.
5	I love Oreganos. Always have. This location is my favorite. It truly is 'your neighborhood pizza joint'! The staff is so friendly and always remembers their regulars and what they like. And while I'm not a fan of their famous thin crust pizza (I just don't like thin crust, it's not personal) their pastas and salads are to die for. Everything is huge but that's okay because then you always have leftovers. And then there's the trademarked pizza cookie. Lots of places try to copy it but they all fail against oreganos! Try half macadamia nut, half chocolate chip..but order it before you're done eating dinner...a. It takes awhile to cook and b. You might change your mind if you don't because you'll be so stuffed!
5	Had a great pizza and salad. Set at the outdoor patio which is just beautiful food was great our server Erin was fantastic will definitely be coming back
5	We love this place!!! Sitting out on the patio is a must and so is the thin crust pizza. I love the huge drinks and the desserts are great also. We always meet here with some friends from the Cave Creek area.
4	The Oregano's favorite salad with Chicken is one of my favorite salads. They load the small size up with a ton of chicken and good feta and the red onions that are marinated in something and a surprise is the raisins and red peppers. It appears that you won't be able to finish the salad, but the honey vinagerette is really light and any real man should be able to avoid the to-go box on this puppy. Maybe including a piece of garlic toast would be great. Nice outdoor patio at this location and part of bar is fully outside. I think my other reviews are from wrong location when I just moved out here, but food is the same at all locations basically. I grabbed a fortune cookie and I either ate the fortune or I got a dud, very weird. About $10 for the meal.
1	I called to make reservations a week in advance for a birthday party of 15 and while I was told they didn't take reservations, the man I spoke with was very confident that they would be able to accommodate us. He said he would make a note of my party size, have a group of tables set aside, took my name, and we were good to go (or so I thought). I showed up at 6pm just like I was instructed (30 minutes earlier than the party time) and was greeted by a very unhelpful hostess. She said she was not informed of the party and couldn't seat us for 2 hours. TWO HOURS?!? She provided no additional suggestions or options and asked us to take a seat. I'll take my business and tips elsewhere, thanks.
5	I worked here for a short time three years back and just simply fell I'm love with everything about it. The playing music from the,40s,50s, very much like the Frank Sinatra era. It always reminds me of a back east eatery except they have a wonderful outdoor patio life. They have wonderful flavored salad that are gigantic they could feed probably three hungry girls! They have a very large wine list, and a full bar. You can also place reservation for large parties. I would even recommend that you place a reservations if it's Thursday Friday or Saturday because the wait can be very long if you just show up. They do serve a Chicago style pie pizza, which is to die for! They do slices of pizza if you're trying to eat light or cheap during the lunch hour. And everything is literally made fresh, with very high quality.  The only thing that ever makes me sad here is that the ladies restroom only has one stall..... Other than that there is absolutely nothing to complain about!  the price point is right, the locations are great, the atmosphere is welcoming, and it doesn't matter if it's just you or a party of 30 it is a great choice for dining out as well as pick up!
4	What a great place!!  The wait can be a little crazy, but the food is delicious, the service is always great and the atmosphere is adorable!  It's a really neat setup - huge outdoor patio with seating and bar, plus waiting area.  Then a building with a smaller, cozier indoor seating section.  There are tons of neat, old-timey decorations, including old movie/ ad posters.  The colors are mostly red and green, and it all comes together nicely in every Oregano's, including this one.We ordered an 18" thin crust Sproccolli, which lasted for two meals for us.  The crust is super thin and the ingredients are spread over it lighty.  The flavors are wonderful - just a little sauce, cheese, topping, garlic, etc. - making each bite light and tasty, but still filling.  It's pretty delicious cold, too.  Can't wait to try the thicker pizza, too!The service has always been really outstanding, in my experience.  I joke that, at Oregano's, they always treat you like they just found out you're Yelp Elite (even though I've been coming here since before I learned about Yelp).
5	Great as always!!  Thin crust is the way to go.
4	They have some really original combinations.  The pizza I had was great and a good size---I actually got two meals out of my lunch.  Service is a bit slow so don't stop here if you are in a hurry.  It took us about 45 minutes to get a salad and thin crust pizza.
4	Before I mention anything about the food, let's discuss the staff. They are so full of personality that they were like trained bubbly androids lol Really though, they were very nice and seemed genuinely happy that you came to dine there. The pizza was great too. Had a thin crust veggie pizza (don't ask me which one - I forgot because I was busy guzzling it down). Being from out of town, I can't say if the crowd is always like it was, but it was very crowded when we went. And that usually spells great food. Thanks!
5	Visiting from Chicgaoland and have to say this deep dish was great ! Service has been excellent as well! Will be back this week for dinner as well. We love pizza and this will be at the top of our pizza experience. Our server Tim was excellent , best service I've had in awhile !
5	You can often find me here with a friend or client, I love this restaurant! Great value, great pizza and great salads! Heck, I just show up to get a great big glass of their Passion Iced Tea! My favorite meal is probably the Vino Bambino salad.....great variety of ingredients! Keep up the good work Oreganos Shea!
5	Best tasting pizza in Arizona.  If you like good thin, Chicago style pizza, them you need to  order from here.  I spent the winter from Chicago and let me tell you, it was painful to find good pizza.  Then I found Oregano's.  Thank you!And you cut it correctly - in SQUARES.  YAY!Forget about NY style pizza, that is greasy, pie wedge, floppy.  Bleh.  Ordering for pick up is a bit of a pain - they only offer "pick up times" and often too late.  This is not a place you can pick up in 30 minutes.  I wish they were get that sorted.Love me some Pepperoni or Sausage thin crust.  Its got the right salty balance.  So cracker thin, you can eat the entire thing yourself.
5	I travel to Chicago nearly every month, and love their deep dish pizza. This is the closest I've found in Scottsdale to real Chicago pizza.   I had their Uncle Ray's sausage & mushrooms. They really have nailed the sausage. That is exactly what Chicago sausage (Giordano's) tastes like. Serve was very friendly and fast. Gave me a to go iced tea. Couldn't ask for any better service. Just need to allow for the extra time needed for a deep dish pizza.
5	I always love eating at Oreganos but this last time I went in was amazing. Denise was very friendly and so bubbly. She recommended menu items that I had not tired. She made my day with her happy mood and helpful service. I wish all servers were like her.
5	Awesome thin style pizza. 2nd best to our favorite NY spot. Cheesy garlic bread was amazing, perfect when waiting for your pizza on a busy night. Our drinks were never empty. Rachel was the best ever. Would love it if Oreganos came to CA!
4	I haven't  been here in years but lunch last week was fantastic.  I started with a small Caesar salad and then had the big pig pasta.  The pasta was a lunch size and the extra meatball to go with the rigatoni and marinara sauce was perfect.Service was friendly and I'll definitely be back soon.
4	Great! Came here last night with 2 friends for dinner and we had a good experience. We ordered a big Julius Caesar salad, the sweet potato pos, and a 16in half O-Riva half veggie pizza. I loved the Mediterranean toppings and the thin crust was pleasant, though I normally prefer a thicker crust. The salad was simple but delicious: just enough croutons and cheese and not too much dressing. The potato pos had cinnamon dusted on them, which I loved. We ordered a pizza cookie for dessert and this place is awesome about customizing orders. Being with a group of people, you have different tastes and preferences so it was really nice that they could do half and half. We got half chocolate chip and half peanut butter chocolate. I liked the original better, even though I love PB. Fun atmosphere, didn't have to wait long for a table, and friendly staff.
5	Consistently good food. Not a bad thing on the menu. Two words BOOM DIP!!!  Stuffed pizza or thin crust. Both work perfectly. If you like wings, get the medium or golden. Either is an amazing experience. For those that like an adult beverage, go for the Bellini. For the finale save room for the pizza cookie. Holy yum. Enjoy!!
3	Decent food at a relatively inexpensive price.  They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait.  The cheesy bread is really good.  I wasn't impressed with the salad.  The pizzas are enormous!
5	Oreganos is very unique Italian eatery. I have never ordered anything here that I did not really enjoy. They're Bellinis are the best I have ever had! But my absolute favorite thing to order here are there meatballs!
5	Great food and service! Their salads are awesome. I get take out frequently and they always get my order correct.
5	Scottsdale's best pizza, really good service want go back for more. We bought all the T-shirts we could, for keepsakes , it was a really good place to be.  Want to go back for more.!!!!!
4	Love this place! The Pablo Picasso is the best salad! I have not had one thing I did not like. We eat here regularly.
4	Pizzookie. It's the mic drop.
5	I love oreganos! They are always so warm and welcoming! There pizzas are amazing. Make sure to get their pazookie. It is the most amazing cookie cake you will ever have. It comes fresh out of the oven and melts in your mouth!
4	Went here for the first time and really enjoyed it. There was a lot to choose from on the menu. I ordered an individual pizza and the sauce was terrific, reminded me of my family's homemade sauce. Pizza was a perfect size too. Want to try the new one in Cave Creek.
5	Been here several times, service is impeccable each time. Great atmosphere and lovely decorations, not to mention the clever "Legalize Marinara" shirts the employees sport. We ordered a cheesy garlic bread and split it three ways - very yummy - and a margarita pizza. Crispy thin crust and chunks of tomatoes, great as always. The waiters are very polite and friendly, and you receive an assortment of "thank you ladies" and "have a great night"'s on your way out. Love this location. :-)
5	I ordered a 12 inch Clark St. Meat Pizza & 7 piece chicken wings hit for myself and man they were good!!!! The pizza is def. one of the best I've had. I recommend this place to all pizza lovers.
5	Yummy pizza.  Tricked the kids into eating calamari by telling them they are squishy French fries.  Always a good place to come to.
5	Always busy but so worth the wait. Huge portion sizes! Atmosphere is great, indoor seating is a little snug, but the outdoor patio is great and I love the outdoor bar too! Pizza is so incredible!
2	Expect the slowest service you have ever seen.  3 hours for a meal on a Sunday night.
5	Awesome place to eat with your friends
4	Nice Pizza! Only thing I want to advise is the waiting time. It can take up to 45 mins before your meal gets served. Pan pizza and thin crust they both are good. Salad is good I liked it.
5	You gotta try Alfredo the Dark. A unique blend of Alfredo and poblano with fresh chopped tomatoes over cavatappi. Delicious...
5	All I have to say is I'm happy every time I go here. I love their new menu especially the eggplant pasta with penne pasta. Their white chocolate cookie pizza is perfect and I love ordering to go here. Service is very fast and friendly.
5	Great atmosphere, excellent food. The kids love to play with the pizza dough balls! Service is always top-notch and you absolutely want leftovers. I recommend the Pablo Picasso Salad, the best in the Southwest!
5	Wow. Having the mozzarella sticks with reduced balsamic...amazing! I would have taken a pic, but it was gone in two minutes. Great place to eat!
2	This is a tough one for me.  The food is great, but this night the service was terrible.  It took us almost an hour and a half just to be seated on a Tuesday night (after being told it would be an hour wait). Okay, not a good start.  But then even our waiter was terribly slow.  Took 20 minutes to even get us drinks on our table.  Food came out really slowly, luckily we had put in our order for the deep dish pizza while we waited, but even then our regular pizza took forever to come out.  The food was good, especially the pizza cookie, but to spend 3 hours at a pizza place where we gave our ENTIRE order to the waiter at his first appearance (in hopes of making up some time) is just too long.  I think this is a management problem, as I could tell our waiter was working his tail off, but just couldn't seem to keep up. Worst part? After waiting an hour and a half to be seated, our table was dirty (the floor) and it had a view into another section that was completely empty, must have just been closed for the night due to lack of staff.  Just hire some more people and open the restaurant up!
4	the only thing that exceeds this staff's professionalism is their enthusiasm and fun!  huge portions!   one meal can last one person 2 nights. The only thing I have to suggest is they get a larger draft beer selection.Don't come for the chicken wings. stick with the PIZZA and PASTA! It will always be a repeat visit when I'm in scottsdale !
5	Great food! The eggplant parmigiana pasta was delicious. Portions are huge. The pizza cookie for dessert was life-changing. Like I think I had a spiritual experience while eating it. It's a half-baked cookie (I got peanut butter chocolate chip which I highly recommend) with vanilla ice cream on top dusted with cinnamon. You'll probably wanna share because it's huge too.
