4	I stumbled into this quaint little restaurant out of pure hunger desperation.  I was famished and my blood sugar was dangerously low (you don't want to meet that gal).  I approached the counter and looked around.  I was greeted by an influx of home-style aromas and next a pleasant employee.  He asked me what I would like, and I told him "I'm in a major hurry, I'm absolutely starving." Within five minutes, he had made me an Italian sub that puts all others to shame.  Since then, my family and I have been devoted regulars.  The food is consistently fresh and delicious, and the service is impeccable.  They have a good wine and beer selection also.  Their canolis (pastry shell filled with ricotta cheese and whipped cream topped with chocolate chips and powder sugar)  are the best I've ever tasted- in fact, I ve never been able to find one as good as Carmine's anywhere else.  All-in-all, I just love this restaurant.  It's reasonably priced, has fantastic food, and just makes you feel good eating there.
3	Carmine's makes some of the best pizza here (I personally prefer their white sauce to their traditional red... but different strokes for different folks, right?) in the North Las Vegas area (at least that we've been able to find in the past year) and their pasta, desserts, and salads are solid, too.Pass on the standard mozzarella stick, fried calamari appetizer fare (which is passable, but uninspired.)I've only eaten here with the family once and the service was also a bit on the poor side.  They are great with the "locals" -- those people they recognize coming in fairly often; but I've seen them treat normal diners with less interest.We typically get their food on delivery and take-out and are quite happy with the results -- ordering from them once or twice a month.
1	We had been patrons of Carmine's since they first opened. We liked their food but I'm sad to say that I will not highly recommend or return again. Five of us where waiting patiently for over 45 minutes as they kept saying they were waiting for a table to clear. After watching people leave and having them sit at least 6 smaller groups (including a party of 3 who just walked in at a table for 4!), I asked what was going on. The girl at the register did not know what to say to us and had the manager/part owner come talk to us. As he walked over to us, his face told me that we were bothering him, like he was annoyed. He came over to tell us it would be longer! I asked why they hadn't put the two tables together or pull up a 5th chair to a table and he looked around the room and said "where?" I thought, Hello! You have been seating group after group ahead of us at the tables so yeah, they're not available anymore! He started getting very defensive though I asked without offense. I had invested time, we were starving and I just wanted to sit down already. After being there so long with my handicapped nephew, my mother and my kids and being treated like we didn't matter, we just left. His attitude, lack of professionalism and lack of ability to deal with customers was just too much. They couldn't find room for a party of 5 people and pretty much told us tough luck! I'm sorry, their food is not THAT good. I have contacted all my friends that I've been trying to get to try them out and told them that I retract my recommendation. Oh and by the way, the manager/part owner's comment was that we didn't pay his salary. So I guess Carmine's doesn't need customers because they're doing just find without them! I give them one star only because this doesn't allow me to enter without any stars.
4	I was in the area and my friend showed me this place. Marinara sauce is just heavenly. Coarse chunks of tomatoes full of flavor.The Carmine's Cafe House Favorite includes Italian sausage (thin slices but a lot of them, could have been thicker cuts but that's just personal preference), bell peppers (green also very thinly sliced), and onion (lots) sauteed with marinara over penne pasta. As stated already my only discrepancy is the sausage could be thicker cuts. Huge portion, leftovers are tomorrow's lunch.Plan to head back here next time i'm in the area to check out the lasagna. Friend ordered it and portions are even bigger.
2	I went in to Carmines for a Chicken Parm dinner and a pizza. When i got home to eat , the chicken parm was dry and like rubber it tasted old it was horrable so threw it out and had a slie of pizza and that tasted like a burnt dejorno pizza. Any way i wouldnt recomend that place to any one just buy a frozen pizza and cook it yourself it would be better
3	Nothing too exciting.  Atmosphere was very bland.  I went recently which was a pretty slow time of the week and year so I can't take off too much for that.I had the Chicken Parmigiana sandwich which was very good.  Not at all something to write home about but compared to the other options in the area to eat at, this place isn't all that bad.Worth stopping in for lunch at the least.
