2	There are times when I'm not going to throw down $25 for a buffet in Vegas, okay, every time.  And there are times where I'll slum it at some hole in wall, okay, most times! lol  Such was the case last week in Vegas.I was there for the Interbike convention and the first two days where spent riding very expensive bikes in the hot hills of Boulder, after the second day I really wanted something basic...  A taco.  A plate of tacos!  So I headed south from the Sands where I dropped off a bike and departed my buddies, I remember some eat places over on Flamingo so I thought I'd find the same on Sands Blvd.  Not the case.I passed this strip mall and saw a sign that featured tacos, I dove for the lot!  "Tacos Los Toritos" is a medium size place, the seating was limited to one half the place as one of the workers was scrubbing down the floor of the other half, love that Pine-Sol!!Good size menu with lots of choices, but I knew I needed tacos pronto so I ordered up from the sweet semi-bilingual girl behind the counter.  4 carnitas tacos...  And an orange pop, Jarritos, which I love!  This plate reminded me of home near Highland Park and all the taco trucks to choose from.Tacos hit the spot and all was had for $7 bucks...  I needed to conserve funds as I didn't fair so well at the tables, so, this place was key in more ways than one!  Well, just 2 stars because I've had tastier pork, the salsa was also more on the tame side.  If I ever stop here again I'll ask for hotter salsa.  Oh, and as I walked to my truck I caught the eye of a girl walking on the sidewalk...  HOOKER!  lol
4	great cheap mexican grub!  a rainbow of different colored, freshly made aguas frescas!  this is the best local taqueria i've been to in vegas.you know you've hit upon a good taco spot when you're the only white chick in the joint and the 2 mexican guys in front of you in line are wearing cowboy hats and singing along with the awful mexican music on the jukebox.  telemundo all day long!i love it!
4	I felt like some authentic Mexican tidbits, and Taco Los Toritos isn't far from my nest, so I decided to give them and try for el dinner on Friday.  Located in a strip mall at Twain and Swenson, this little place struck me as very clean and service was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the burrito/taco combination which comes with rice and beans, chips, and a pile of shredded lettuce with a creamy guac dressing and a sliced tomato. For $7, it was a lot of food, and all of it tasted mucho yummy and was served nice 'n hot. I took mine home, and it was still steaming when I settled down to nosh.  The carnitas in my burrito was flavorful, although could have been more tender for my taste, and the machaca in my taco was a tad on the dry side.   Still, the food here is fresh and flavorful and I will definitely visit again to try their ceviche tostada, quesadillas, and various huevos dishes.  They also offer a salsa/relish bar with various potions and jalapenos, radishes, etc.I have posted photos of their full-color menu, which will give you a better idea of their many offerings.  Anyone who enjoys authentic Mexican fast food, will find a satisfying experience at TLT. Ole baby!
4	UPDATE 3/3/10:  Recently went back and tried their chicken quesadilla and ceviche tostada.  Both were excellent! Serving sizes are generous and food quality is way above average.  Still highly recommended!
5	For Las Vegas it's great! When I saw that there was a Los Toritos tacos here I was so happy! and sketchy because I wanted to know if they tasted as good as the one here where I used to live. I ate the food and oh man it was real good! Iv'e ate gorditas, taco de asad, buche, carnitas, tortas, burrito. Everything tastes REAL GOOD! Good location, plenty of parking. Close to my HOUSE! The retsaurant is clean and big. It came out to be a whole lot better than the one in my home town! Want to know why? Because went I went back to my home town and ate here, I loved the flavor of the other Los Torritos restaurant!   Good prices, I think it is a lot cheaper than the one in L.A. Not so sure on that, but will check it. The food comes out fast so no worries there. Alright amount of people there all the time so you know it's good. Never have gone to the bathroom tho, I avoid that... Now after living in L.A for 21 yrs and to be convinced by another restaurant in the family... Now that's a work out! Eating of course... So I aften came to place whenever I could not find any better mexican food. They place was a real life saver for me and my family lol.
3	This is a small hole in the wall type of place. It was clean and well kept. The prices are decent. I had the torta with everything on it and it was pretty good! Nice size, and will definitely fill you up. Plus I liked the way they made it- not sloppy at all. The guacamole was so tasty too. I had to try the horchata, but I was disappointed as it wasn't very sweet and they didn't mixed it very well, Roberto's horchata is way better. Overall, this is a good place for a quick bite :)
4	The amount of random taco shops in Vegas is quite daunting. Usually the shredded beef is a safe bet on an initial visit because it might not always be the best, but there is less of a chance of fatty meat appearing than say the Carne Asada. Anyway, i ordered three $1.25 tacos of that beef and this was actually really flavorful stuff loaded onto double corn tortillas and grilled with a few peppers and tomatoes (unusual). There was no sauce on top, but cilantro and chopped onions topped off the tacos. They really put alot of beef on them and three will last you awhile especially if you load up on the cold radishes (not green either) and the kinda spicy carrots. Red and green salsa were traditional. Almost five stars, but the walls were kinda dirty next to my booth. Still a great lunch for 4 bucks.
5	Inexpensive great food. Awesome burritos.
4	Great spot for late night eats. The carne asada tacos were street taco size, and were filled with delicious marinated beef. They were $1.50 each. We also had some horchata, which wasn't super sweet like how other kinds can get, and was very cool and refreshing. I didn't see any hours posted on the door, but we were there on a Saturday night at 11 P.M. and they were still open.
5	Amazing.  Order made fresh.  Beans hot and tasty.  Chicken taco moist with a kick.  Guacamole lettuce and tomato perfectly balanced the kick. The way authentic mexican food should be.  Steak Quesadilla well meaty and cheesy.  When in Vegas again its my new home town place to eat.
5	great fresh fruit juice. carne asada burritos are the best. homemade fresh salsa everyday. homemade tortilla chips. can't beat the prices.
3	Not bad, not great.  I think I've just been spoiled by Los Tacos' carne asada.  This place wasn't bad, but I probably would choose somewhere else first.  Their burritos are full of beans and rice.  I just want the meat!
1	Most disgusting food ever don't go Nast with long hairs call the fu!!ing health de apartment that Nasty gross look at my pictures f@@@ing nasty ass food with hairs most likely from a females they were long f$$$ing people don't go nasty nasty nasty beware hairs I food 3 long hairs I found
2	Las Vegas, why you no have good taco shops? Look I get it, "craft tacos" are super cool right now, but every now and then I want a taco made with love, lard, and a possible an old family recipe. So far, I have yet to come across this in the Valley. I had high hopes Tacos Los Toritos especially after seeing their four star rating, but alas it was just flavorless tacos, refried beans from a can, and overcooked rice. This meal could have a been a "Taco Tuesday", lunch special at the local junior high cafeteria. I ordered the taco & burrito meal, with carnitas. The taco was ok, made street style with two small corn tortillas, seared onions, and carnitas. The tortilla was not house made, but it did hold together while I ate my taco. The carnitas were juicy, but lacked flavor and crunch. To my understanding carnitas are cooked until tender then seared in a hot pan to get them a little crispy. I know this sounds picky, but most taco shops get this right, but unfortunately this was not the case at Tacos Los Toritos. The burrito was more of the same, flavorless meat and canned beans, more beans than meat by the way. The was size ok, but does that matter if the taste doesn't match the size? I did however like their green verde salsa, this was very good and I drenched most of my food in this green mixture of tamatillos, chilis and spices. Sad to say I will not be coming back to Tacos Los Toritos. My search for a quality taco shop in Vegas continues!
2	2 1/2  stars very mediocre Mexican food no flavor, salsa is way too mild, never thought Mexican food could be this bland. This place closes at midnight on weekdays and 2am on weekends.  Really bad neighborhood don't go there after dark!
3	Decent, cheap food. Like the street-style tacos.  I've found the burritos are actually better the next day after being in the fridge all night (I think it just gives them time to come together).  Are there better Mexican places in this town? Yup, but this place is an inexpensive, reliable place to grab some food, especially later in the evening after a few drinks.
