5	Performance One Advanced Sports Training is the best place for training in Arizona. This gym caters to your individual needs, whether you want to enhance a specific sport's performance or just want to get in better shape. Performance one is also the premier gym for learning the Olympic lifts. There are national and international caliber lifters who train on a regular basis. The head coach Joe Micela is very knowledgeable in athletic training and is always searching for and learning the most current research in order to utilize it for his athletes. If you are looking for something to give you that competitive edge or just want to try something new, stop by for more information.
5	This is a gym that not only encourages physical betterment, but mental fortitude as well. While the workouts are catered to your individual needs, you gain support from those around you, which helps you make strides in your physical condition. If you'd like to become not only fit, but an athlete, talk to Joe today.
5	I originally came to Performance One to improve my lifts for Track and Field but, ended up switching sports. In my few years of training with Joe, he and I have traveled the world competing at some of the highest level competitions there are. Joe is a very talented coach who is always seeking more knowledge to make himself a better coach. He does personal training, sports performance, nutritional counseling, and Olympic Weightlifting. He has coached young kids to senior citizens, people with physical and/or mental disabilities, athletes as well as the general population. Every, single program is individualized and meticulously thought over and changes as necessary. If you want to be the best mentally and physically, Performance One is for you.
5	Great place to work out, especially if you have grown tired of the typical commercial gym scene. Workouts are customized for your goals, and you stay until it is done. I finished school, and needed a hobby to stay sane, so I thought, "Why not weightlifting?" Now I'm addicted.
5	As soon as I walked through Performance One's doors and my eyes fell upon a Philadelphia Eagles sign amidst weightlifting posters and memorabilia I knew I'd found my new home in Arizona. Even though I was a complete stranger 2,400 miles from home, I'd immediately been immersed into a community of the strongest athletes and most supportive teammates I'd ever met, led by one of the highest regarded coaches in the sport of weightlifting and the world of strength and conditioning. At Performance One you may be sharing a platform with a Olympic athlete or a high school boy training for wrestling state championships, across from a benching power lifter with a world record, beside a squatting NFL player, and a marathon running mother of three improving her agility across the ladder a few meters away. No matter your sport, experience, ability, level of strength, or goals, each individual coached by Joe holds one thing in common....drive. Each and every athlete at Performance One is committed to embracing this drive and striving towards the best they are capable of and this commitment is matched by Coach, Joe Micela. I have been in competitive sports my entire life, making the transitions from gymnastics to CrossFit and then olympic lifting, but until now I have never had a coach who has held me to as high, if not a higher standard than I hold myself. Joe provides an unrivaled amount of experience, knowledge, and motivation in the most positive, supportive, and inspiring of environments.
