5	So I like to put needles in my body for unknown reasons other than I just like to. Personally I've never been tattooed at this location but who knows maybe I will. When they actually got a piercer I did go in to get a new piercing. Her names Ashley be nice to her she's short (I think she had to use a step stool) , cute, and professional. And she gives out candy! And Id like to say the new hole in my face is healing wonderfully.Happy tattooing/piercing.*NOTE* My review is solely based on piercings.
5	So for those of us who have piercings they can be pretty much a bitch when they heal. Unfortunately for me I snagged my high nostril piercing and it came out and after about say 20 minutes of trying to put it back in I caved and called Tattoo Noir to see if Ashley was in. Luckily she was and I explained to her what happened. She said to stop by and she'd reinsert it for me free of charge.When I came in she was prepped and ready to go for me. She said she felt my pain and after about an excruciating 10 minutes my jewelry was right back in. I believe in tipping so I tipped her and stole some candy on my way out. Point is there was no judgement or shame on yous for not taking care of my piercing. Ashley was understanding of the situation and told me shit happens and if something like that happened again not to hesitate and stop by. So another 5 star experience from Tattoo Noir.*NOTE* This review is solely based on piercings.
5	This a great all around shop. I chose to get my first tattoo here like some other people who've also written about Tattoo Noir, after doing a good bit of digging around online for a place with a great all around vibe, and artists who are skilled, and open to hearing you out and really coming with something great and totally unique. Bill Gilliand did my piece, it turned out beautifully. Shop is exceptionally clean, and inviting.
5	I could not be happier with my tattoo! Kate is an incredible artist that I will continue going back to. I was having a hard time putting into words what I wanted done but she was able to translate my mess and create exactly what I wanted. While waiting, I was looking through the portfolios of the other artists at the shop and they are all excellent. A real strong lineup across the board.
5	My wife, daughter and I got tattoos at Tattoo Noir this week and it was one of the best tattooing experiences I've ever had (and I've had plenty of both good and bad).  The shop is clean and looks great and they are very concerned with hygiene.  The artists are very personable and we enjoyed or nearly 7 hours of being in their shop.  And most importantly - the tattoos look great!  Highly recommend!
