4	First of all, no matter the price of the food I do like quality meat. That tells me a lot about a restaurant's quality. We ordered a chicken salad, a beef taco and the beef burrito combo (combo means rice and beans, no drink) The chicken salad had a ton of chicken and not a lot of lettuce. The quality of the chicken was great and very flavorful. All in all, good dish. The beef on the taco and burrito needed some seasoning. It was kind of bland. The portions of all the dishes were very good. The taco was the size of a Taco Bell taco, but was $2. I saw the meats go on the grill raw which made me happy. It wasn't sitting there all day! It was $13 for the 3 items so that's not too bad considering the portions. We will try different dishes, but so far it wasn't anything "out of this world". It's nice they have a drive thru and it's open 24 hours.The quality of food is good, beef dishes seem to lack flavor.
4	In the tradition of Southern California's Filibertos, we have the new Federicos here in Scottsdale. Gotta' say- Very solid! We had a 2 for one combo coupon, so we got 3 combos and shared. Enchiladas were pretty good, but the 2 burrito (carne asada type meat) combo was fantastic. The 3 combo plates ended up being lunch, dinner, and snack for the 2 of us. The portions are HUGE here. I didn't really care for the carne asada fries, as I am not into the American version either: chili cheese fries (a pile of greasy mush, to me). It was prepared all right, just not my thing. The place really needs some decor, a TV, ANYTHING to liven it up a bit! It's very boring on the inside! They do have a few tables on the patio, and there is drive up service as well. As in other places of this sort, they have a fill your own salsa bar, with delicious & spicy red and green salsas. It'd be nice if they had 2 more flavors. Food is really good, portions are gigantic, so overall it gets 4 stars from me. Just needs some ambience... Tunes, TV, wall art, etc.
4	This Mexican joint sprung up out of nowhere in my neighborhood and it took me this long to find it?!  I'm glad it's here though, they have some great food.  Bean & Cheese Burrito, $2.89http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federicos-mexican-food-scottsdale?select=z7Sbiz69jCLOhCnrxdfDww#z7Sbiz69jCLOhCnrxdfDwwQuesadilla, $3.09http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federicos-mexican-food-scottsdale?select=QLvZ1Z3Ac2Vg-pIpGGVJPQ#QLvZ1Z3Ac2Vg-pIpGGVJPQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federicos-mexican-food-scottsdale?select=PqONMugiaFkZAHgCoVLv0A#PqONMugiaFkZAHgCoVLv0AThe portions are huge and taste great.  They also have Mexican Pepsi and Jarritos Orange soda....that seals the deal, this place is legit.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federicos-mexican-food-scottsdale?select=dbw-N37LcQNyovBO2v0Cqg#dbw-N37LcQNyovBO2v0CqgThe only thing lacking is that they offer 2 Salsas, green or red....wish they had a "super spicy" option, but they don't.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federicos-mexican-food-scottsdale?select=DBB3EqFFX4sIbqnE2Rymlw#DBB3EqFFX4sIbqnE2RymlwThe restaurant is very clean and spacious.  There's also a drive thru if you're on the go.Return Factor - 90%
5	OMG!  Can't believe they have one in North Scottsdale, only 2 miles from my home, sssssoooo Happy, but Dangerous!  Great Mexican Food, and Great prices!  Close to my 24hr fitness, so at least I will be able to work out, before I have a Giant Green Chili, or Bean Burrito, my Husband loves the Fish Burrito!
4	Pretty good Sonoran style Mexican food right up the street and a great price.
1	I had great hopes, and indeed the food is decent, if you can get past finding hairs in the beans and one of the tacos. And even that I could deal with, if the staff had cared. They didn't. They smiled, said Oh sorry, and went on to help the next customer. Sorry but I will not be back. YEECH!
5	Looks like fast food, but the place and food are so much more!  The burrito and tacos were EXCELLENT, as was the salsa/chili bar.  Prices were great, and the food was extremely fresh and tasty.
5	Phenomenal! Best fast food Mexican food I have had in AZ. Ordered the carne asada tostada and a chicken taco. Both were seasoned perfectly and included very fresh garnishes and a delicious salsa bar. My only regret is that I didn't discover this place sooner. And the prices are very reasonable. Can't wait to go back this weekend!
4	Finally, North Scottsdale has a fast food Mexican place...something most other neighboring cities take for granted. The food and service is always consistently good, a great value, and definitely fills that Mexican craving you just seem to get every week or so. And it's drive-through that's open late!The quesadillas are huge, filled with melty cheese and grilled meat of your choice. The combos are delicious, and the burritos include several breakfast options served all day. The food is freshly prepared at order time, and might take a few minutes. Everything I've tried I have liked and would (and have) order again, except for the Chile Relleno burrito...but then I'm not a real relleno fan to begin with. The Super Nachos are piled high with grilled carne asada and guacamole, and serve as a great shareable appetizer for several people. The pork Carnitas and Adobada combinations are very flavorful, and come with your choice of flour or corn tortilla with rice and beans. The Fish Tacos are a solid choice, as is the Fish Burrito, with a nice balance of fish, fresh pico, and tartar sauce. All of the breakfast burritos are worth trying, but my favorite is the Ham and Cheese with their green salsa on the side...simple and delicious all day long. A real find that adds to the neighborhood.
2	Finally, North Scottsdale has a fast food Mexican restaurant!!! Not Sure if it ever really needed one?? Okay food, Nothing that stands out... I tried their Signature Carne' Asada Taco's and a Cheese Quesadilla with their Grilled chicken... Good choices.  I wouldn't drive out of my way to get there, I just happen to have to drive past it, at least twice a day during the week, and still have only been there on one occasion.  I would agree with another reviewer, the staff is indifferent, and does act like  you are intruding on their time.
5	I'm so HAPPY that North Scottsdale finally has a GREAT mexican restaurant!!!!Everything I have had here, I love!  A list of items we have ordered:Arizona Burrito, Chicken and beef tacos, bean and cheese burritos, cheese enchiladas, chicken soft tacos.... EVERYTHING is tasty and perfect! Flavor in every bite! We eat here all the time. The employees are friendly and the owner Freddie is such a great, caring, friendly guy!!!! If you are in the area stop by and try something!Specials:Monday is burrito night $1.99 for some of the burritosTuesday is taco night! .99 beef or chicken tacos!!Thursday is enchilada night! $2.99 gets you 2 enchiladas and a drink!
5	It's NOT boring - it's INCREDIBLE!  The Arizona 24 hour Mexican restaurant bean tostada is seriously one of my favorite foods, and Federico's has one of the best.  Add their hot sauce and WOW!  They offer both red and green salsas and just a few drops of each magic liquid make every bite simply outstanding.  You can get a happy mouth and a full belly for just over $2. You've gotta try this place.
2	Normally I like Federico's but the last two times I've been on Taco Tuesday and had the worst tacos ever.  They must be using oil that isn't hot enough because the taco shells come out dripping with oil, hard (not crispy) and impossible to bite. Might just be a Taco Tuesday thing...I'll give them one more try on a non-Tuesday to see if its better.  If not, sad to say won't be coming back. The staff is friendly though!
4	I like several things about Federico's:1 - It's close to my house.2 - It's inexpensive.3 - They have large portions.4 - The food tastes good.5 - Service is friendly.The only thing I don't like is the iced tea.  It doesn't taste very good and isn't fresh brewed.Overall, Federico's is a good option in this part of town for Mexican food.
5	This place is awesome! The prices are great, its clean, they actually use vegetable oil and NOT LARD.Thats right folks, I can actually go through this place late at night and get myself a burrito without the worry of lard! YES!  Thank you Federicos! I am so looking forward to getting my Black bean/refried bean cheese burrito mix from them. They are located right next to my 2nd job and they are the bomb. Also, the burritos are big XD. You will not be disappointed either your stomach or wallet if you stop in here.
5	Scottsdale has no great restaurants anywhere near 101 & Shea or 101 & Cactus corridor.  This is a great fast-food type Mexican restaurant with quality cooking, pleasant service, and a diversity of dishes of interesting tastes.  The salsas are homemade and add robust flavor.  Thank you for being there, Federico's!!  Keep those prices where they are at and people will come from near and far!
5	The Chili Rellenos were excellent!  I love Rellenos, but it is often mediocre elsewhere...because they are hard to make!  The rellenos here were the largest I have ever been served, stuffed with ample white melted cheese, sauced lightly with a red chili sauce, served with a side of chopped lettuce, onions, tomato, guacomole, sour cream, a huge tortilla and of course rice and beans.  I have been to this place about 12 times and this is the best dish yet.  Wish I had tried it earlier.  The friendly staff is another nice thing about frequent visits.  It is a lot of meal for $7.19, compared to anywhere else in Scottsdale.
4	I've eaten here twice, with last time being yesterday. First, very nice owner works there with his wife, so it is a family business, which I like to support. Second, the place was clean, although they were just cleaning it with Pinesol...I wouldn't use that stuff in a restaurant, it smell awful...but getting past that, they offer great Mexican drinks and pretty good  Los Angeles style Mexican food.  The bean though aren't my favorite style, looks like they use light pinto beans, I like the dark beans. But it was tasty enough. The chips were hot and crispy, a big Plus there.  I had the Taco and Tostada plate. Not bad.  But I do miss my L.A. Mexican food...like Las Fuentes...This is a good second though.
5	Federico's Mexican Food is amazing. The service is great, the food is excellent, and the prices are extremely fair. It's a tremendous value for what you receive, and I can't recommend it enough. I've gone to this location several times and each time I've come away impressed. You can tell that the food is made to order and prepared with attention, a rare feat nowadays. Bottom line, if you are debating on whether or not to try it, or if you are just looking for delicious Mexican food, go for it!
4	This place is great. Besides what has already been mentioned, their attention to my request are outstanding. They always make my special order perfect. Except one time. But thats cause I sent someone to get it for me so, could have been the messenger. Super clean, fresh, friendly but not fake. A great addition to the area.
5	I love the bean and cheese burritos. The beans don't have lard, and are always fresh. The tortilla is amazing. Super friendly service too. Big portions for the low prices.
5	I'm a big fan.  Good food at a good price. Great value for what you get.  Quality is fantastic.  My kids love taco Tuesday .99 cent tacos are the bomb!
4	This place is quickly becoming one of my favorites. North Scottsdale definitely needed a place like this and this is closer to my house than Filiberto's in the Pavillions.I judge a Mexican restaurant by its carne asada burrito and was not disappointed here.  My son gets the carne asada fries and they always look tasty but I haven't tried them yet.Excellent consistent food, great specials such $1.99 burritos on Monday and 99 cent tacos on Wed's. they have buy one get one free burrito coupons on their website. Always clean and no complaints about the people behind the register.
1	Wasn't too impressed first time around, thought I'd give it a second chance. I'm writing this review from my toilet, I know not too classy, oh well, trying to get the message across. I ate dinner there just about an hour ago, five minutes ago I was doubled over with the worst stomach cramps that I can remember. The food was subpar, oily, low quality Mexican, yuck. I will never go back! Eat there at your own risk!
5	I love this place! I go there at least once a week to get my favorite, their chorizo special burrito. It's a breakfast item but you can order it any time, which is awesome! I also love their carne asada fries. Their prices are fair for the amount of food you get, and it's always fresh, plus their right by my house which is a big plus! All in all, this place is great if you are looking for quality Mexican fast food!
3	The food here is never the problem, but for the life of me they can never seem to get our order right. From the time we order to the time we drive around to the window it is always forgotten, messed up or scrambled. 2 number 19's and a bean and cheese burrito doesn't seem that difficult to remember but we usually get some combination of the three but never all three on the first try. One day!
2	Wow.  That didn't last long.  Six months ago we were all praising Federico's and pleased that Scottsdale finally has a great Mexican fast food restaurant. Pop!  That is gone.  Raised prices $1 to $2.00 on 20 items in six months (combos & burritos).  Most other things up less than a dollar.  After people writing reviews on their good value prices, apparently they decided to change that.  When I first opened up a Federico's fish burrito and beef burrito this past summer, thought I died and went to heaven.  In March 2014, the only thing in the beef burrito is the meat... with 2 tsp of cheese &  2 tbsp sliced iceberg lettuce shavings  The last time I ordered the fish burrito, there were 4 small slices of tilapia and some lettuce shavings. Federico's had that neat market niche, but I am saddened it is disappearing.  They have a lively business, hope their original creativity and quality when they first opened is resurrected.
5	This particular location is great!  The service is always excellent and with a smile.  We are always served food that is fresh and hot.  We're always happy to wait a couple extra minutes for our food because it is always served perfectly.  Their tortillas in particular are always soft and delicious.
2	I'm not a regular of Federico's, so I don't know if the one we visited is indicative of the others, but quick thoughts:1. My wife nearly spat out the ice tea.2. My daughter's drink was so disgusting I ran into the bathroom to spit it out after tasting. I made her dump it for another. The cashier mentioned they changed the type of soda in the machine, but any good restaurant would at least flush the system.3. The steak in my dish, even though I had it chopped, was tough. Some of it was inedible.4. The salsa, while spicy, completely lacked character. It was just soupy spiciness.5. The rice and beans were half decent.6. The atmosphere was dull, uninspired and completely empty on a Sunday evening.7. It cost $30 to feed two adults and two kids, which is about the same price we would spend at Chipotle. Not a real bargain from my standpoint.8. The only good thing: The food was not as much a salt-lick as other fast food restaurants.Still, I don't see a reason to ever go there again.
4	Inexpensive and delicious. I had the carne asada quesadilla and it was to die for. The place is also spotless as in very clean. The staff is super friendly  and the food comes out in no time. Overall, I am very pleasantly pleased with this chain.My friend had the three tacos and it was plenty of food for one person. The quesadilla was humongous with plenty to take home and enjoy afterwards.
1	Ordered chili rellenos.  Called in order; arrived 20 minutes later or more, so there was time for the restaurant to prepare the dish...not like a drive-through order.  It did not look like chili rellenos.  No batter on the chilis, the cheese was very watery and tasteless, and the dish resembled a mushy casserole.  The accompanying shredded lettuce has some watery substance which resembled quacamole in color.  Wondered if there are new owners or the restaurant does not staff a cook for morning hours before 11:00am.  Cost was $8.20.Did not even recognize the chunky salsa.  Their salsa is usually exceptional for flavor.
5	Authentic, delicious!  Great prices, chips and salsas are fantastic!  Better than any Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale!!!
