2	I only go to Ulta when I have to, and always leave mad.  Yes, they're the only place close by that has the better cosmetic brands.  And you don't have the hassle of a big mall.  And the floor staff does sincerely want to help you.  However, the merchandise is laid out so haphazardly I hardly ever can find what I came in for.  And neither can the salesperson who inevitably gets enlisted to help me.  So the salesperson tries to steer me toward an alternate product that's nothing like what I asked for because she really isn't all that knowledgeable about the products.  The one time I took their salesperson's advice I sorely regretted it, so I usually just end up shooing them off after a while.  Then there's checkout.  Awwwww jeez.  Wait in line forever listening to the inane chatter going on ahead of me.  Then the, "do you have your Ulta card, I can look it up for you, would you like one, where should we send your free magazines".  Hey lady, I just want to buy some make up, not join a country club.  Just ring me up and get me out of this madhouse.
2	Stopped by to get some hair products and perfume. Shaun, the Clinic rep was there to say hello and was more than willing to help, no matter that I needed items other than cosmetics. He has a great energy and a kind spirit - great customer orientation.Fragrance and cosmetics earns a 4! Salon earns a minus 1 the worst ever!The rest of the group needs retraining. Not at all the staff that I expected     My experience has been different - the Atlanta store on Lenox Road is the best anywhere in the country and when this group gets that customer service makes you the best, they might try harder.The salon is another thing...don't go there!! They do not listen to what you want, don't care about what you want and are the worst trained of any Ulta of anywhere I have been in the country. You deserve better, so don't bother trying this one out.
1	Have been an Ulta customer for a long time, but had never tried the salon until recently.  Was a HORRIBLE experience.  My stylist, Delia, ran 45 minutes late to start me, and on several occasions during the hair cut, stopped and kept looking around.  She made various odd faces as if to say my hair was a mess.  She not only didn't listen to what I wanted, but shot down the only thing I did ask for.  She said I wouldn't look good.  At the end of the painful ordeal, she then charged me for a conditioning service I didn't ask for.  At that point she directed me to the line at the front of the store, after which I waited in, they then sent me back to the salon to make the price correction.  (happened twice, then I asked for a manager)  Was very unprofessional all around and would NEVER go back!!!
3	I haven't had nearly the poor experience the other reviewers had, but I also never go in expecting much. Everyone I have spoken to was pleasant, and a couple helped me find things I needed. They always ask how I'm doing and if I need help and seem fairly genuine about it. Checkout isn't bad at all, they always seem to have enough cashiers to manage the line of customers.If you want to feel appreciated for your purchase of higher end products (Urban Decay, Clinique, etc.), to go a department store or even Sephora. Everything else is drugstore brand/quality so why would you be expecting the white glove treatment for $7 mascara?
4	I love going to Ulta when I need to reload on hair products.  This place has the largest selection of stuff and in various sizes too.  I like to buy the salon size, which is typically larger than the size you get in a store.....that way, I don't have to shop for this stuff too often.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gBy7Ozjo5jYFByN0UI4f9g?select=hRLdwUhkYpVtMwKW4QBYIAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gBy7Ozjo5jYFByN0UI4f9g?select=KzQt7k_I4UVofs7Mzdrw5ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gBy7Ozjo5jYFByN0UI4f9g?select=u5IGi9QPx3_Ip42lOWffoQThis Ulta is like the others I've been too....very clean with friendly employees....sometimes they are too friendly.  I had no less than 4 people come up to me to ask me if I needed help....either they are really friendly, or when they see men come into the store, they think we might be lost....LOLReturn Factor - 90%
4	I've been to two Ulta stores in the Valley and this is the better of the two. This one is much larger, brighter, and airier. If you've never been in an Ulta store, it's the ultimate chick store: make-up, shampoo, conditioner, perfume, nail polish, hair styling tools and products, skincare, sun care, a salon, and more make-up. This store is farther away from me than the Arcadia store, but I like it better. It's also in a shopping area with many other stores.
2	I have dropped A LOT of money at this location and sadly, feel as though it was a waste -- I should have spend the money at Sephora. To put it into perspective, I think I dropped like $1000 here last year between buying a Sedu flat iron and a Sedu hair dryer along with mass amounts of fake eyelashes, lotions and body washes, hair spray, makeup, perfumes, etc. (Hey, have you BEEN to Old Town lately...a gir's gotta do her best to look good!)For all the money I've spent I received a few 20% off coupons which happen to show up in my inbox a few days after I leave Ulta spending $50-$80. I would be relatively happy with their loyalty program only to find out my 20% coupon is heavily restricted: anything premium or as they say "prestige" is off limits. This is like EVERYTHING in the store. Why would I go to Ulta for lip gloss or primer I can find at CVS? I go to Ulta because of things like Anastasia tweezers and brow gel and Smashbox primer...now all of which are ineligible for my rare 20% coupon -- which lasts for no more than 5 days. Ugh.And I confess -- a total first world problem -- but it was a painful realization that Sephora offers points for each dollar you spend and if you spend $350 or more you like a VIP member that gets more samples or something and if you spend $500 or more you can redeem those points for actual products. What have I been doing shopping at Ulta the past two years? Where did I go wrong? Why did no one led me to Sephora? That's it, I refuse to grieve over Ulta and I officially  force myself into the acceptance phase of this process. I agree with the others: the layout of this store is a nightmare. I always spend like an hour in here for 3 products because everything is either messy or just difficult to find. (And don't even try the Ulta on Tatum, that place is a nightmare maze of a store).I'm done with Ulta for the most part. They still carry the Eylure eyelashes which I love -- although they are usually out of stock one almost all styles. If I find Sephora carries eyelashes than it's goodbye for sure.
3	I usually avoid this location due to the packed parking lot and store but this day, I was feeling saucy. I went in just to browse, which always means trouble.  The sales lady must have seen the target on my back, as they were super helpful and really paid a lot of attention to me. I got everything I needed and paid a lot for it.  I went it with a 20% coupon, which cannot be used on anything but the "non name brand" side of the store. Major disappointment.  Probably the reason they don't get a 4 star on this review.Overall, you will find what you need.  The store is clean and nice and spacious and lots of inventory.  You will leave happy, just don't come with a coupon cause it won't be honored.
5	Abraham Herrera is a Magician; I think those words say it all. But before I rave about the way he works magic with his nimble fingers, I have to say that he has the most outgoing and gregarious personality I could have ever wished to encounter in my MUA and Hairstylist. He made me laugh and created a relaxed atmosphere all around. Abraham put a great amount of effort to make sure I was 100%.  Everyone who chanced to see my make-up and hair was astonished at how natural he made me look. Pictures came out amazing and very natural. I am shocked and extremely lucky he is still in Phoenix and not traveling all over the world...for he is absolutely FANTABULOUS.
5	Had exactly what I needed and even though there was a really long line. The ladies came through the line with waters and fun samples of new products!
2	I don't know why I keep coming to this, I always think "this time it will be different", but it never is. They are extremely overpriced and the smell of perfuming is like a brick upside your head. I only use Dermalogica products so the 20% off coupon is useless for me and I can buy OPI & Essie nail polishes at Target. I think I've finally learned my lesson and will stop expecting more from this establishment.
4	I made an appointment at the last minute for a haircut on a Sunday.  I wanted a simple cut because I'm the type of gal who gets a haircut at the last minute when I can't stand it.  I believe that a style can last a long time and grow out if the cut is great.  I do have another stylist I go to who I love at another salon, but this time just wanted an in between cut where I did not want to spend the money on a salon owner's price.  I didn't expect much just a fixer upper to get me through until I could get back to my other stylist for a "real" cut.  I was pleasantly surprised at the results from Staci.  It turned out to better than I expected.  I will go back to her.  When I get a good cut, I am a happy gal.  I picked up some concealer which I was able to test and much preferred over another department store brand I had.  Bonus on the cut and the product!update: My daughter and I continue to go to Ulta routinely for our haircuts, and they continue to do a fabulous job.  I went for the first time to Danielle and had a very nice cut and was again very pleased.  I've since only go to here now and no longer go to my other stylist.  Honestly, I feel like the cut gets better and better each time as the stylists get to you know you.  Great job!
1	Very disappointed. It seems that the stylist has a sale quota to meet and are constantly trying to sell you products. I was there for a color and cut, it took her 2hrs and was constantly interrupted by answering the phone!  Did not care what I wanted and gave me a cut much shorter than I had requested.
5	I went here to here to get my eyebrows waxed and loved it! Cassandra did my eyebrows and she did amazing. I highly recommend her and will be going back very soon!
3	ULTA is pretty average in every state--higher than regular retail, but usually not worth it anyway. Other beauty stores have more quality of products. Some of the stuff this place sells is just ehhh. This ULTA is very organized, however, with a polite staff and a salon. It's not too crowded either. I went in here to buy a curling wand, but I helped myself out in the store by looking up reviews on the product I wanted! The good thing is that the product is awesome :)
1	I went to exchange a Chi blow dryer I'd received as a gift for Christmas for another color.  Instead of giving me a gift card with store credit for the gift return (like I asked, and it was quite obvious assuming the gift receipt I brought with me), the associate put the money back on the person's credit card who bought me the gift for me. Now I am left with no blow dryer. It's not the easiest conversation to ask someone for $100 for the gift they bought you that you were trying to exchange. The manager was not friendly in the slightest and gave me only one option: call customer service.I am never going back.
4	This is where I shop for all my hair care needs.  I only come here when I receive coupons.  They have a lot of selections, but sometimes it's not very easy finding what you want, you'll have to ask the store associates.  But overall services were all very good.  Definitely check them out.
2	I went there to get my eyebrows done and I decided to get my lip waxed. I have an almond allergy and they used almond oil on my lip without telling me first. I started itching badly and finally asked her what they used and she said almond oil. Considering many people have a nut allergy they should switch to a different type of oil. My eyebrows did turn out well but they didn't comp me for the lip wax which is why I won't go back. I didn't make a huge deal about it when I left but by principal alone they should have tried to make things right. Where has the quality gone?
5	I came in on Valentine's Day to pick up some eyeliner. I bee-lined it for the Smashbox only to find out they were out of the color I wanted. Within seconds a guy stopped over to ask if I needed help with anything, he said he would go check in the back for me. In the time frame I was standing there, three others stopped to ask if I needed any help. None of them were pushy, just willing and able to help. Luckily he found my eyeliner and then asked if I've seen how their new eyeliner works and gave me a quick demo. I wish I would have gotten his name, he was so helpful and friendly (he did have a pretty neat tattoo on his neck). Kudos to the staff on 2/14/14!!
4	I love coming to Ulta when I'm in the US.  I call it "Sephora on a budget."  Ulta sells a range of brands - everything from Maybelline to Smashbox, Benefit and more. Be sure to check out their selection of nail polishes - every colour under the sun! They also have their own range of body wash and bubble bath in a variety of scents.My favourite part about Ulta might just be there selection of hair care products.  Canadians: Be sure to check out their blow dryers, curling and flat irons.  They also sell 1L bottles of shampoo and conditioner for significantly less than stores like Chatters in Canada.  Example: Boxing Day blowouts.  Hot Tools curling iron on sale for $20, and liter bottles of Redken shampoo and conditioner for $16 (they are double that price in Canada, even on sale!).
5	One of the best Ulta's i've been too. I came here on a Saturday and it surprisingly was not that bust. Which meant no long lines. This Ulta is huge and totally easy to find. Inside is so bright and clean and amazing I just love it. All the employees are super nice and are always willing to help you out. They have a large quantity of everything so no need to worry about things running out. Their nail polish section is literally so big I loved it. I definitely recommend this location out of the others in Scotstdale.
1	I had a really sad experience at Ulta today. I went in to refill my perfume "Angel" by Thierry Mugler. The sign said " Bring Your Own Bottle save $30". The lady who works there didn't know how to refill the bottle and couldn't tell me how much it costs (new ones 1.7 are $80) she got the manager who was even worse and quoted me the regular price of $80 for refilling the bottle/ completely disregarding the store's sign!! False advertising and awful management would describe the ULTA I went to. I know there is a more sincere business near me who cares about my time and money. I am very sorry that people have to face such dishonest managers and poor customer service.
5	So far they are accommodating and very nice. I was in yesterday to get make up but they were out of stock. The girl behind the register said that a shipment comes in every Thursday (for my make up) and to call so they can hold the items I wanted. I did just that and they made it easy, breezy to get in and out with everything I needed.
1	Whoever the blonde who claims she is store manager is in this store.   SMH.  Makes me wonder how you became a manager.  I do not appreciate you briefly asking me if i need help and then to become condescending and treat me like im beneath you.  Keep in mind i may not dress like I have money in wallet but I do.  Next time try spending a little less time trying to give vendors tours and more time actually assisting the customer.  Dont just walk off in the middle of the customer asking you a question either.  At the very minimum find a sales person that can help them.  Your skills suck and I WONT be going back to your store.
4	Ulta carries a big selection of expensive and cheap cosmetics/skin care/hair care.  This store is big and clean with good parking and you can get almost everything you get from Sephora at Ulta (I still have to shop at both though) and it is well organized and labeled.  Prices are on par with most other places, they do give out coupons and have sales that are really good.  I would give it a 5 star review but the people that work there drive me insane.  No fewer than 6 "may I help you find something" within my first few minutes in the store.  I decided that I would walk out with nothing if one more person bothered me, luckily that didn't happen. If I'm walking around putting items in the provided shopping bag and not making eye contact, leave me alone.  Another annoyance, the registers are always jammed and you have to wait no matter what, they never have enough open.
3	I used to keep my hair flat-ironed straight... And then I was introduced to PHX summers. Workout + 120 degree weather = mangled mane. I needed something to control my ultra tight curls, and keep them from turning into a chia-pet afro. A stylist recommended DevaCurl (great product!), and so far I've only been able to find it at Ulta. Sometimes the store is out of an item (the horror!) in the line, and they don't offer a solution (such as when more will be in, or anything). The DevaCurl brand is considered a prestige brand, which I've discovered means expensive + stingy. A 6 oz bottle of Set it Free is $20 (rounding up from $19.95 before tax), and a 3 oz bottle of anything in the line is $9. Those coupons I get via email & U.S. mail? Nope. Cannot use them on prestige brands. An employee told me that this is a company decision (not Ulta, but the individual brands). But, the bucks that you earn from Ulta (after spending $100+) may be used towards prestige brands. Alas, I know of no where else to purchase this product, and the chia-pet life is not for me, so I'll keep coming to Ulta.
1	One star is extremely generous. The blonde manager is incredibly rude. Who i actually belive is the head manager which is embarrassing.  I will never, ever return to this particular ULTA. She was very unhelpful and witnessed her ream a worker in front of customers. So UNPROFFESIONAL. I was appalled by her attitude and behavior. One thing nice I can say is Nadia the clinique rep was amazing.
2	I live in SoCal and have many Ulta's where I live. However I go to Scottsdale on business every 3 weeks and consider my trip to Ulta a treat when I travel. My SPV (sales per visit) usually range $160.  However I was in last Thursday 9/10 at 8pm the day after my birthday and was so disappointed and walked out empty handed for the first time.  The store was severely understaffed and were out of everything I was looking for.  When I finally found an employee to help me she acted like I was imposing on her tasks and was very short with me when I was requesting her to check stock. To make matters worse, I couldn't find my birthday email that says to see the register to receive my CK mascara. I showed them my Ulta rewards number and my ID and they wouldn't budge...Happy Birthday to me...went to Sefora and received my Bday gift with no questions and they received a 5 star yelp.
5	This is my favorite Ulta location because they always have my products in stock! The other places I  go to are always out but this Ulta is convenient and has very friendly and helpful staff.
5	ULTA is heaven. Especially this one. It had everything in stock that I saw, the workers were all very nice & helpful but not too overbearing. And the eye brow station is the best to go to. My eyebrows look great after going here. Definitely will be going back for all my makeup & hair products as well as for my eyebrows!
