4	If you are in the mood for a smoothie, this is the best smoothie place I have ever been. They have a huge variety including low fat at low carb smoothies.I normally get a cranberry smoothie anywhere I go and end up getting heartburn. I get the cranberry crush smoothie at TSC and its very mild. I absolutely love it.I have never actually been into the cafe before, so I cannot comment on the service or decor. I always send my assistant :)The only reason I am giving this a 4 is because the food they serve is pretty average. Also, if you order fruit for a side, you literally get a piece of fruit. I ordered a veggie wrap one day and ended up with a whole orange, unpeeled, as my side. Kind of weird.
5	This place has the best wraps I've ever had.  The smoothie's are good as well, but I go here because of the wraps.
5	I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!I go on my way to work, and just love all the different smoothies that they have.  I think I have almost had everyone on the menu and I love adding the extra goodies like Spirulina or Whey Protein.  The person who owns it and their staff are hard working and put alot of effort into there stuff and you can taste the results.Every sandwich on the menu is entertaining and not boring or the same ol same ol.  The bread used on the sandwiches is very fresh and soft as well.  The flatbead sandwichs are good too.My favorite is the island combo where you can get half a sandwich and a smoothie for 6 bucks.  Just awesome.oh, and also pick up a club card.  I have gotten a few free smoothies already.
4	This is the second Tropical Smoothie Cafe I have tried, after one in Chandler.  Since I tried it for the first time, I have had a craving for it again.  I don't remember what the sauce that they put on their ultimate club sandwich is... still don't, to be honest... but it was addictive!  I had to get it again.This time, I had the same sandwich, along with the sunrise, sunset smoothie.  Both were exactly what I was looking for.  The smoothie was fruity and flavorful.  Apparently it's low calorie too, which is an added bonus.  The sandwich was full of flavor!  Tasty bacon, fresh veggies, good bread, and that sauce... no idea what is in it but I will go back for it again and again.The down sides: it feels a bit too contrived and corporate for me; and the sandwiches seemed a bit on the small side for the price (the $6-7 range).  Overall though, a great experience.
4	I've only been to this place once but the smoothie I had was awesome!  I can't remember the name of the smoothie but it contained strawberries, bananas and orange juice (I think?). The consistency of the smoothie was thick and smooth all the way through. This place ranks number two on my smoothie list because it's hard to beat Jamba Juice!
1	Yo dude, your a douche, no man you are a douche. You'll never get laid... This is just a sneak peak of the ridiculous conversation I had to listen to while waiting for my sandwich today. The immature zit faced kid that rang me up, kept interrupting my order to banter with his coworker who was just wondering around the store front. I ordered the hummus veggie sandwich and the ONLY reason I gave this sh*t hole 1 star is because my sandwich was awesome. The behavior of these soon to be 40 year old virgins was enough to drive me to 3 Advil and never go back. The older gentlemen in the back who I couldn't figure out what his role was just argued with the teens and cracked lame jokes of his own. I find it impossible to believe that in this horrible economy THAT is the best they can do. The highlight of my visit is when the cashier started to mock a car in the lot then had the balls to turn to me and ask if it were mine. HELLO DUMB-ASS, usually you clarify this prior to making fun of it. Not sure if I was supposed to be impressed or what exactly the purpose of this behavior was supposed to prove. If I were the owner of this shop, I would be embarrassed and horrified.
4	My favorite smoothie shop in town. Great smoothies and good food as well.I recommend the Peanut Butter flatbread with bananas and honey. Buffalo wrap has a good kick. Not cheap, but good and healthy. Nothing better gefore a hockey game.
3	This is definitely my favorite smoothie spot! I love the low cal varieties of smoothies and the turkey avocado sandwich. I can usually only eat half of the sandwich and half of the smoothie so it is nice to have left overs for later.
4	The Thai chicken wrap and salad are very good. Same goes for the smoothies. Prices are decent
5	Delicious.  Everything.  Sandwiches, Wraps, Salads, Cookies, Smoothies.  Good value for the money. Clean.Here's the details:  The flat bread sandwiches are very inexpensive and delicious.  The Thai Chicken and Jamaican Jerk Chicken wraps are amazing.  They use some surprisingly different and fresh ingredients to make everything so much more special than run of the mill.  Immune Blast Smoothie kept me from calling in to work one day last winter...really, I was feeling so sick and then got one and was all better!  Speaking of Work, my co-workers took a poll and voted Blimey Limey as the one we all ranked in our top five smoothies.  The place is always clean, so is the restroom, and everyone hard working and friendly.  They do get busy though, so sometimes there can be a wait.  Call a head if you are in a hurry.
4	I don't know why but I seem to always crave smoothies on Sundays.  I always enjoy them, but seem to forget until Sunday when most smoothie places are closed; so this place being open on Sunday is a huge plus for me.I got the Paradise Combo, which is a sandwich/wrap, a smoothie, and a side for $10.  Buffalo wrap and mango/pineapple smoothie were both very good, and at $10 I thought a good deal.  Their smoothies seem to be slightly more on the healthy side with ingredients like non-fat yogurt as opposed to sorbet or ice cream, but the flavor is certainly not lacking.I am sure I will be returning the next time I have a Sunday smoothie craving.
4	We just stopped in earlier today to try to cool off from the heat. We missed the 'free smoothie' by a day (yesterday 6/15/12 was National Flipflop Day, apparently), but nonetheless we wanted to break away from our usual stop- Jamba Juice, and give this place a try. I've driven past it before as its near my old work as well as one of the best Philly cheesesteaks in the valley (Forefathers), but just never got around to stopping in.The one thing I really liked is that, as opposed to Jamba Juice, they ACTUALLY have food! Not just pretzels! They have sandwiches, flatbread & wraps, amongst other items. However, we ate a couple hours earlier so we just came for the smoothies. We walked into your typical 'Hawaiian' ambiance, but at least it was clean and not OVERLY cheesy. The place was empty and we were instantly greeted as we walked in. The employee was very friendly and helpful. My wife got the Blue Lagoon and I got the Silky Peach (or something like that). Both were good, but I liked my wife's a little more. I didn't see if they had any 'free throw-ins' like they do at Jamba Juice, nor were we offered any, so I'm assuming they don't. They had some free samples of a peanut butter smoothie and flatbread sandwich on the counter, which we tried while we waited. Both were really good. I'll have to go back when I'm hungry to try the food, but the smoothies were definitely on-par to that of Jamba Juice.
5	The best veggie wrap!!! The flavor is fabulous!Great in portion, its perfect :)
5	I love the beach bum smoothie and the southwest chicken wrap!
1	Stopped in when they were busy, ordered and waited for more than 20 minutes for 1 smoothie before giving up.Ended up asking for our money back - their excuse - "We're not making them in any particular order".
3	Legit smoothie place. I prefer Jamba Juice but this place fits the bill when I'm in need of something healthy to drink near my job. The prices are slightly higher than Jamba too. Make sure to check the back table before ordering, they often have coupons sitting there waiting to be claimed. The service is okay. They have a limited food menu but I've never tried any food because nothing seems appealing.
4	My husband and I love going to this place.  He gets the jerk chicken and I get the thai chicken.  I like to experiment with different smoothies, my guy usually gets anything with strawberry.   My husband has a packet of coupons he gets every so often from his work and most of the time we use those, or find them in newspapers.  I think $5 for a smoothie that is going to last me 5 minutes is a lot, but it's worth every dollar.  :)Now I'm craving a smoothie!!!
3	Smoothies are one size: Big, so the $5.50 price tag is not completely out of line. They have a great selection of flavors and today I asked for an "older one" that apparently isn't on the menu any longer but they were glad to make it for me (they even knew what was in it already) and it was done SO FAST! Yay! In the past, I've had to wait quite a while when I've ordered a wrap or salad with my smoothie but this was nice, efficient, friendly (but not too friendly) service.Overall, the menu items are a notch above fast food, but not too much above...microwaved meats and such; use your imagination...I appreciate the calories counts online!
5	We love this place. Great Wasabi beef sandwich. And the smoothies are awesome. We drive out of our way to come here on a Sunday when we are shooting at Rio. The best is a great attitude and happy smile when you walk in.
3	I came here after hearing that they began offering Beyond Meat chicken-less strips. You can substitute this for any of the chicken dishes on the menu, from what I understand. Speaking of the menu, the one hanging behind the counter doesn't give much of a description so it made ordering a touch difficult. I chose to go with the thai chicken wrap. It was, in fact, quite good. Toasted on the outside and sliced in half. My only gripe was that one half seemed a to hold all the sauce and the other had little to none.
5	This is the 3rd year I've worked right down the street from this place, and this morning I'm trying their mocha smoothie.  Normally I get the Blimey Limey - but needed some caffeine today and this is just delicious.  The service is always friendly, and even when they're busy they manage to pump out the drinks quickly.  I'm somewhat partial 'cause I have a guy on my team who is addicted to these, so when I'm craving one it normally gets delivered straight to my desk... if you like smoothies, you'll dig this joint.
3	Having only been here once, and while it was super slow, I can't really give a full review.  However, I will say, the beyond meat option is fantastic, and makes for a yummy sandwich :)
2	I want to really like this place since it's so close to my work and we end up eating here all of the time, but it's almost as if they try to find new ways to upset me with inconsistencies and wrong orders.  Among the disappointments (besides the long wait times):*Ordered a Thai Salad to go, got back to my office and opened it, it was a Thai noodle bowl.  *Have had smoothie cups filled without about an inch or so of cup space to spare on top.  Are they not measuring ingredients or just rushing through orders? *Numerous salads served without dressing.  But they may have rectified that because now the salads are served pre-tossed with dressing. At least they were for one day.*Wraps that are served scalding hot.  Maybe check the oven temperature gauge.  I've been burned so often with the Jamaican Jerk, that I'm afraid to order them anymore.What made me finally write was today, while watching my smoothie get made, it may have been too thick, so the worker ran some tap water into the container a couple of times.  Good if you're mixing cement I suppose, but it made the smoothie runny and watery as I'm sure the tap wasn't the same temp as the rest of what had already been blended.  As a result, I got a watery blob that tasted like a weak slurpee.The original owner ran a tight ship and kept the place spotless and consistent from order to order. Since he left a couple of years ago, this place has gone downhill in terms of quality, cleanliness, and service.  During some of my long waits, I've seen people stand in front of the counter for minutes on end before even being greeted.  You'd think even the blender operators who face the front of the store could at least throw them a "someone will be with you in a minute", but no they just act like they didn't see them walk in.Alas, I'll be back just for the convenient location.
2	I just moved from VA and this was one of my favorite places to eat out there so I was thrilled to discover on out here in AZ! Sadly, the experience I had this evening might prevent me from every going back. When I arrived, there were two employees working behind the counter. One had a name tag that said "Jackson", the other was an bored looking girl with bleached blonde hair and no name tag. The bored girl unenthusiastically took my order and then got annoyed when I presented a coupon as though it greatly inconvenienced her to have to enter it in. Jackson stomped around in the background filling orders and just looking generally pissed off. I got my smoothie (delicious! One of the stars in my review is strictly for the smoothie) and sat at a table while I waited for my buffalo chicken wrap. As I was sitting, Jackson stomped over and started collecting straw papers off of the table which required him to awkwardly lean over me and had me wondering if I should just get out of his way. Thankfully my decision was made easily when my order was called out. I got up, took my bag, smiled and thanked the bored girl (who didn't smile or offer any pleasantries in return) and headed out to my car to eat because I couldn't take any more of the negativity hovering in that place. When I ordered, I had requested no ranch dressing. I opened my wrap....to find the inside completely drenched with dressing. I briefly considered going back inside to have them fix it, but at that point I was not up for dealing with the attitude that I know would have come had I done so I just tried to eat around it (have you every tried to eat around dressing? Yea, a lot of my wrap got tossed out). Minus the dressing, the wrap WAS fresh, hot, and well made so that's where the second star comes from. I still love the food and the smoothies so I may try and give it one more chance, but if I had to decide based on this experience alone, I would absolutely not go back.
5	I've been to Jamba Juice and I never like it. I'm not sure what they put in their smoothies because it always tastes bitter, grainy, and tastes like diet food. But at Tropical Smoothie it's always a flavor explosion of goodness in my mouth. I did learn a long time ago that I've never cared for TS' s food, so this review is solely based on their smoothies...although maybe they've made some changes in the last 15 years and I should try it...  Anyhow! Going to Tropical Smoothie, for me, is a rare treat and not something I do on a regular basis, 1) because I'm almost never near one, and 2) like coffee, it can get pricey.  So with that in mind, I couldn't care less how annoying the staff is. As long as my smoothie is mouthgasmic those rowdy, bored looking teens can do whatever they want. My favorites are the Peanut Butter Cup, Bahama Mama, Sunrise Sunset, Paradise Point, Beach Bum, TropiColada, and Pineapple Delight. Yum yum! I hope to never see Tropical Smoothie go out of business because their smoothies truly are the best ones I've ever had!
2	Was there today for flatbread, wrap and a smoothie with my wife after the gym. A customer accidentally took my smoothie when they called my name. I let the staff know and the first thing she said was we are really busy so..... I said I understand I am still waiting for my food so just wanted to let you know. When our food was brought out I let the other staff member know the situation and he seemed he didn't even want to stand there long enough to listen but he have me the same answer. We are really busy so idk when it will be done. I let him know if was not my fault and I would have liked to have my smoothie with my meal. There was only a rush of under 10 customers at the time, 2-3 families. End of story if did get my smoothie while I was still eating but the answers from the staff wasn't what I was expecting. But I don't except royal treatment from teenage staff at a smoothie place.
5	I come here at least once a week. Being a smoothie addict and all... This is hands down my favorite place. My recent obsession is the Island Green. It's perfect with an added protein boost. I haven't ordered food here, but today I was feeling adventurous. The honey ham and Swiss flatbread smells wonderful. Can't wait to hey my hands on my order.May I just say, there is only one girl working and she's holding down the fort. She's neglecting the phone a bit, but she has present customers. She had to make an order of importance decision. Good call smoothie woman, I applaud your choice!
5	This is an awesome place!!! I love the healthnut smoothie. The wraps are too good. Thanks to living social coz that's how I found out this place. And this is one of my favs!!
2	I like their smoothies but their wraps and sandwiches are always inconsistent and pretty pathetic. Portion sizes and ingredients change time to time. For the price you pay for the sandwiches and wraps, totally not worth it. I'll just go there for smoothies if I guess...
2	I wish they would get my smoothie orders right.  The Blimey Limey is not so limey without the lime, so please stop forgetting my lime.Also, they are always out of ingredients.... maybe the ordering needs to be reassessed?
5	Found this place on yelp and didn't really think anything of it until I got a smoothie. Their smoothies are excellent, I came back the next day! They have an affordable price and have way more then just smoothies! I ordered a breakfast wrap and my mom ordered a sandwich and both were way better than anything we have ever had before! I recommend this place if you are ever in AZ! Love love love!
3	This location is very slow and they don't greet you when you come in. They just stare at you. (It's super awkward) The smoothies are pretty alright. Not bad, but not anything super exciting.
1	I have gone to tropical smoothie for the last 4 years because it is near my work and the company I work for had set up a business agreement that offers us a percentage off our order. I have always had a great experience there but the last two times I have ordered from them I have had the worst customer service experience from the same cashier. Last time the cashier was really rude to me off the bat but I brushed it off assuming she had just had a bad day. I had asked for my company discount and she said she wasn't familiar with it so they must not offer it. When I asked her to check she said she had been there for a couple of months so she would know. It wasn't worth making a big deal about so I paid full price and left. Today I went in and the same cashier was at the front so I didn't even bother asking for the discount but the cashier was still really rude. I placed my order and went back to work only to find my order was made COMPLETELY wrong. When I called in the same cashier answered and I asked to speak with the manager this is how the conversation went. Me 'Hello I would like to speak to the manager, is she available?'Her 'no she's not here'Me 'ok... Do you know when she will be back?' Her ' ummm I don't know. Ummm Maybe Sunday (giggle)...'Me ' maybe Sunday? Ok, can I have her name please'Her 'Ummmmm...' Me 'your managers name, please?'Her 'Kim?'Me 'And what is your name?'Her 'Clarissa?' I clearly wasn't going to get any help from this girl so I ended the conversation at that point
5	I seriously love coming into TSC. They make that other place (jamba juice) hang their head in shame. When I lived in Colorado and there were no TSC's in the area, I ALWAYS tried to replicate the Blimey Limey somehow at JJ and they could never make it just right.They also offer incredible wraps and sandwiches and great meal deals so that you get a smoothie with it! The prices are great and everyone is very friendly and helpful.
2	I walked in and was the only customer in the store (early morning). No one was near the front area. As an employee walked towards the register, I did not receive any greeting or "what would you like to order?". As she just stared at me, I told her what I wanted.  After I had paid for it, she hands me my card without saying anything.  I would assume her response should have been "Thank you, you're order will be up shortly".  As my order was being made by another person, the female that helped me out at the registered went to go chat it up with her co-worker as she slouched on the wall not wanting to do anything.  This review is based on their customer service.  I really like the smoothies at TSC but I have not experienced this type of service at any of the other locations.(This was during a visit sometime in early October)
