5	It's not cheap but it's the best sushi in Montreal bar none. Now you might be saying that Montreal isn't exactly known for its sushi and you'd be right with that qualification. I used to think Sho-Dan was the best but I think it's gone down in quality over the years while Maiko is consistently good (and slightly cheaper than Sho-Dan). The interior is tastefully decorated and the sushi platters are beautifully arranged and decorated. My only gripe is that service can occasionally be excessively slow but I guess that makes sense considering how crowded it always is.
5	I was in montreal recently for work and this place was right next door to my hotel.  A bit on the pricey side, so if i didn't have a per diem i'm not sure i'd eat here.  The food however was great.  I tried several of the specialty rolls and all were delicious.  I liked the place so much i ate there twice.  (i try to eat at as many different places as possible when i'm traveling, so i rarely eat at the same place twice.)
4	This is right down my street, but I went because EVERYONE tells me it is the BEST place in Montreal.  This comes with the disclaimer that although there are alot of sushi joints -- but not alot of good ones.  This is my second sushi place in Montreal, and it was really good.  The sashimi was excellent -- yellow tail, salmon, tuna -- the rolls are good and BIG and very creative.  The unagi and octopus were also good.  We had a few appetizers and the scallop one was heavenly.  It wasn't cheap, but worth it. I would definitely go back!
3	By not giving Maiko a whole bunch of stars i feel like im desecrating holy Montreal ground. I had heard from a number of people that Maiko is THE place for Japense but it left me disappointed. Honestly i dont care overly much about service, ambiance or price (All of which Maiko has in spades) - just let me taste excellent food. When it comes to Japanese Sashimi is the yard stick for quality and in this case it was dry and slightly rubbery. I am seriously hoping I was just unlucky but i've had better for a lot less even in quality Japanese staved Montreal (eg. Azuma nearby on St-Laurent)On the plus side the Miso was awesome, the Rolls quite special and desert was definitely of 4 star quality.Until my next visit: a slightly sad face for Maiko
2	Not the greatest sushi place I've eaten at! I went on the recommendation of the hotel staff where I was staying. The service was nice, especially the warm cloth brought over by the waiter to wash my hands and face just prior to having dinner. The presentation was excellent too but the sushi was thinly sliced and lacked the phenomenal taste that I have become accustomed to. I will not be back to this establishment during my next visit to Montreal.
5	I haven't been back in a year (since 2010), but Maiko remains my favourite sushi restaurant. Pricey yes, but worth it.The plates are beautiful, and the service is very nice.I know it isn't everyone's cup of tea, and I like a good all you can eat buffet as well, but this is a place you go on a special date, or with great friends for a nice time out.
2	Yeah, I don't recommend this place. For such a high end sushi place that should be importing their fish (I mean that's why I'm paying so much for it, right?), how can you not have toro or some good fatty salmon. I don't get it. I think this place is concentrating on being fusion. If so, let's take the "sushi" out of the name. I have to agree with the others here, the fish is what you grade when a Japanese place calls themselves a sushi place.As for what we had...Agadashi Tofu, good, can't complain. Beef Sashimi, skimpy, but wrap less veggies, shake off the sauce if you want to taste the beef more. Now comes the sushi. Yellowtail was good, best stuff there. Tuna, not bad, clean fresh, nice rich color. Salmon was about the same, not the highest quality I've had though. Uni was a stinker. Don't mask old pieces of uni with newer. Some people can tell the difference. Not cool. As for the rolls. I'm not the biggest fan, but we ordered one. Forgot the name, but it was cooked, deep fried actually and inside was salmon. it was good in flavor.Overall, I won't be coming back when I revisit Montreal. I'll be hitting other places so maybe I in the end I'll say what others are saying "It's the best sushi in Montreal." I'm hoping not. Montreal has some good eats.
4	All the dishes are so well presented. I am a fan of Maiko Sushi the fish is fresh,the service is nice. The private room is great for parties of group gatherings. Great place. Great sushi
1	No seriously. This is not sushi, this is some sort of Montreal fusion sushi-lookalike.
4	One of the most decent sushi places in Montreal. The quality of food is good (love coraille de thon and maiko salad), ambiance is OK (terrace is lovely). Service is pretty good.  Prices OK.
5	I've eaten here twice now and both times the sushi has been great! We've tried about 15 different rolls and have yet to be disappointed.  The service is really attentive and brings the food out fast.
5	Favorite sushi place in Montreal if not ANYWHERE.Try the :Soleil de MaikoEnferCornet Paradis Pesto sushi (trust me it is awesome!)...but everything is good Great drink selection too!
4	Recommend lunch, very reasonably priced for wonderful food.  Beautiful split dining room (fantastic aquarium) and lots of window seating.Gorgeous plating for both hot & cold food.  Dishes are made special with unconventional ingredients.  Highlights include interesting array of vegetables served with fish entree, shiso/perilla leaves incorporated in the maki and the dessert of the day (mini avocado cake.)Servers can get a bit overwhelmed but generally free of attitude.There is a Premiere Moisson nearby (just West on Bernard) if you are looking for yummy baked goods.Based on 1 dinner and 4 lunch visits.
3	Came back on my 2nd visit to Montreal since i was nearby and enjoyed it all over again. Nice presentation and little touches for each dish. Usually I'm too excited about the sushi to delve into many of the menu items, but here, I always dig right into the a la carte menu! Great, unique appetizers rather than the traditional items. Quick nod to the service as well. Both times we were there, we (shamefully) arrived quite near closing time but they offered to keep the kitchen open later to accomodate us. In addition to that, servers were always steps away on stand by to provide immediate attention.
4	Maiko has changed my attitude towards sushi rolls. Before eating at Maiko's, I never liked ordering sushi rolls. They offer such unique flavours and types of rolls that are just delicious. That being said, I am still more of a sashimi person and like one other writer mentioned, I'm disappointed in the fact they do not have toro. I've tried ordering sashimi once and have to admit that I've had better.  I will stick to the rolls :).  I am thinking of trying their other one located in West Island since that is closer to home.
2	Overpriced. Small amount of fish in the Maki rolls. Nice atmosphere but not good value for the sushi.
5	I really like this place although it is a sushi place and I am not actually a fan of sushi there are a lot of awesome dishes !!!! The teriyaki sirloin comes out sizzling hot with a decent amour of vegetables. My other favourite is the katsu chicken because I just love the sauce that comes with it. For those who say it's over priced I do not agree, you do get with almost every meal a miso soup and a salad which I have to say is pretty good. I have been here around 7 times, it's one of the very few places my colleagues could actually all agree I pretty good so that counts for something. I found it a under rated so gave it 5 stars :-))))
5	Sushi is my best freind. And this place is my home. If you ate here you knoe whatvim talking about ..everything is delicious from the sushi to the cooked food to the wine.. the place is so exciting both location are great I like the one in ddo but its so far!
1	It has been 10 years that I am going to this restaurant. The quality of the food went down a lot. The rice isn't that good and the worst if all is the quantity of fish inside the sushi rolls!!! I was there yesterday and I got refunded! Inside the kamikaze according to the waiter they have to put only one scoop of fish ! No more table cloths no more candles on all the tables. You have to ask for the warm towels before your meal. The only way that you get more fish inside your sushi is if you order the $15+ specials crazy!The owner became stingy ! I'll never go back you lost me forever! It's more a trend than a good sushi place. Even the salmon teriyaki was goo wee
5	The best sushi place in town. They have a speciality there called trout sashimi and it is just the most delicious dish i have had that keeps me going back for more.
4	After trying Maiko, I hardly want to go to an "All you can eat" sushi joint! This restaurant serves yummy sushi and love the presentation and environment. A nice place to go to on a date or a special occasion. Can be hard to find parking around the area, but I definitely recommend this place!
