5	I found Meg on a social media site shortly after she decided to go solo with her business. We liked her work a lot and her prices fit our budget. We went to meet with her about shooting our wedding in May 2013 and she offered us a free engagement shoot if we met her in Disneyland while she was there. Well let me tell you, these pictures are amazing! And she was fantastic to be around all day, even when I got sick. I will say Meg is young and has a lot of growing to do as a business woman, but her vast amount of talent overshadows any short-comings on the technical side.
5	Meg's photography skills and work was beyond what I had expected.  During our engagement, my husband and I looked into over 20-30 photographers. Although their skills were decent, I always thought that their price was far beyond their skills. Meg's case was the total opposite. For asking such an incredibly reasonable price, her photos were above and beyond what I had imagined.She is very young indeed, but don't underestimate her because of age. What's incredible is that being much younger than other professional photographers, she surpasses, in my opinion so many of them.Meg came out from Vegas to meet us in Diamond Bar for a consultation, in which she was very humble yet showed confidence in her skill. We liked it and hired her. THE BIG DAY: Meg showed up before the time I asked of her (which was veeerrry early), looking very professional. She was very easy to have around, and I could tell she was focused on her job. Meg was the right kind of photographer to have around all day, in my opinion. She did just the right amount of small talk and didn't butt in about small things. She let the day be about the bride and groom, instead of trying to get herself overly involved.  Meg took photos of the details of my reception, took the typical wedding photos which I asked her to take, photos of family and friends and also shot some beautiful modern couple photos. While waiting for the reception to start, she even helped set up the reception! Besides that downtime, she was simply shooting away, even during our lunchtime! She stayed until about 10:30, when my reception ended. Meg's photography style was exactly what I was looking for. She knew exactly how to utilize the environment she was surrounded in to enhance her shots. Meg isn't the type of photographer who takes 100 shots and hopes for one good one. She'll take her time and take one or two shots for a picture, showing much confidence in her skills, and proving it later with the photo. :) ONLY CONCERN: The only thing I worried about with her was that before the big day our communication wasn't very solid- sometimes I wouldn't hear back from her for a while. She later explained that her e-mail didn't go through or she had some kind of technical difficulty. It wasn't a huge dilemma, because when I'd double check with her she got back to me quickly. After the big deal we communicated very often. :) Also! Meg didn't eat at all, which worried me but she said it helps her! It wasn't a bad thing, but whoever hires her next, offer her something to drink. She takes drinks, but not food :)  Did I mention that she edited all of my pictures within I believe, about two weeks?A++ photographer. Highly recommend her.
5	If it were possible I would give her 10 stars. So there are probably a gazillion people out there who market their services as photographers especially in Vegas...and honestly a lot of their photos are flat and boring and seem like they could have been taken by any random person.  But then there is Meg who is an artistic photographer who has the ability to evoke emotion from a still image.  Her creativity is inspiring, she captures the intimate moments of life with the right placement and angles for her photos.  I really can't say enough amazing things about her.  She is extremely professional and coaches you through the photos and poses, making you feel like a super model.  She puts you at ease during the photos and allows you to add your own elements, and you really feel like she cares about your life and generally wants to get to know you as a couple and individual before and during the photos.  I'm generally not a smiley person, don't get me wrong I'm very happy, my face just doesn't always show it....but she was able to find a way to coax it out of me for our engagement photos.  She does lifestyle photography for weddings, engagements, anniversaries, senior portraits, family photos, and more....one day she will be charging a hefty price for her talents and will be ridiculously famous, but since she just started her own business...I would definitely take advantage of her amazing pricing now.  All yelpers should bookmark her for a photo session!  I reserve this term for food generally, but Meg really is the bomb diggity! :)
