1	We took our labrador retriever to be treated for cancer to Dr. Hershey as she came highly recommended.  We had a very negative experience. On numerous occasssions phone calls were not returned, prescriptions were incorrect. We waited at least 30 minutes for our appointments and sometimes over an hour. And to top it off, when our dog suddenly died we didn't get a call or a card from Dr. Hershey or her practice. Keep in mind we spent thousands of dollars at this clinic. We recieved cards and calls from 2 other vet clinics that treated our dog. We know Dr. H knew what happened as she was on the phone with the emergency clinic.I will never recommend this clinic to anyone.
5	We saw Dr. Hershey and thought she did a great job with a already difficult situation. She explained all the avenues for treatment , what she recommends and why, and answered any questions we had. She also drained a fluid filled cyst our dog had after I pointed out a "weird lump" on her back. I would recommend her over and over! Our dogs are children to us and I felt that we were in great hands by her and her staff! Thank you Dr. Hershey! Dolce is already on the path to healing from her cancer!
1	They moved to 2501 N. 32nd St. in Phoenix. The areas around parking lot are discusting with animal feces everywhere, that no one (staff) picks up. This is a serious health hazard, considering most patients seen there are receiving chemo treatment. The above reviews are accurate. Only wait times are more like 3 hours.
1	Would never use this vet again! I will try to be fair and balanced and not just trash this place, although that's exactly what it and Dr. Hersey deserve.My 8 year old doberman was diagnosed with bone cancer and we sought the help of Dr. Hersey. $1200 first visit to diagnose and the money keep adding up from there. She blends western medicine with whatever holistic treatments are available, and I think it's more to fatten her profits than really help. She'll pretty much do whatever treatment you ask her to do and rape your wallet doing it.Dr. Hersey told us of a new treatment for bone cancer and how my dog would need 4 injections to see if it was helping. Treatments were $250 a pop. What Dr. Hersey failed to tell us was the new drug was NOT for bone cancer and she was using it off label in her own experiment on my dog. She injected the drug into the tumor site and that caused it to swell to the point where the skin shredded and a large, ugly, open sore was visible.At this point, Dr. Hersey washed her hands of us. Without even seeing my dog, she announced that the "tumor had broken through the skin" (something that rarely happens in osteosarcoma and not in the short time between injection and skin lesions). She didn't once take responsibility for what she'd done or offer us the truth or an apology. When we found out she'd used the drug off label (it was for mammary cancer) and called her out on this,she made it about me and my finances.She tried to make herself out to be a saint who had done all she could to help us when I was struggling with paying my dog's cancer bills. Let's keep in mind, I was paying close to $1000 a month on Hersey's treatments, which is not a small sum to come out of monthly.Worse than all of that, I had a dog with a large oozing sore on her leg and this vet, this doctor did NOTHING to help. She didn't help clean it, bandage it or offer anything to help us heal the wounds. She washed her hands of the mess she'd created by blaming me for not taking out a second mortgage to pay her fees. Once the swelling went down from the illegal injection I was able to get the sores closed, but it took several months.Also to add, Hersey's actions cost my dog the chance of going to the University of Colorado for a promising treatment that could have saved her life and leg. I would like to say that Dr. Hersey is a kind person and she does care about dogs, but I really think she's immoral and dishonest. Had she been honest with us about her experiment and the risks, and given us the opportunity to make an informed decision, I would have had more respect for her. But to know that she did this behind our backs (and then bragged about it on various vet forums in Phoenix) makes me sick.If your dog has cancer, seek out a different vet. Costs here are not good and the vet will lie to you and blame you for her mistakes.
5	Thankfully I waited nearly a month to see Dr. Hershey. Naturally, I was concerned after reading many of these Yelp reviews and considered running to another Oncologist. However, I knew that I needed to see an Oncologist that practiced integrative medicine for my 12.5 y/o Greyhound that had been dx with Osteosarcoma of the lower jaw. As a nurse, I have done extensive research of his dx and treatments available (Eastern/Western/Homeopathic). Without going into too much detail, the standard approach was a hemi-mandibulectory (for approx $6-8000), with 6 Chemo treatments (another $3K), with no guarantee.. Dr. Hershey fully understood and appreciated my concern for my dog's quality of life (as well as my financial constraints). Even if money was NOT an object, I would not have wanted to put my spirit dog through such suffering without any guarantee of a considerably longer life, free of pain and suffering. My dog had a procedure performed today that Dr. Hershey proposed (at a fraction of the cost) that, through all my research, had not heard about. She administered 5-ALA, debulked the oral tumor, and exposed him to Photodynamic Therapy. He is home, resting comfortably on the couch. Still a little dopey from surgery. Of course, with cancer, there is NEVER a guarantee. But... if I am able to buy my best friend a few months, at least, without ruining his life, I'm in. I am optimistic that this treatment will work. She had been kind, caring, respectful, honest and friendly. She is open to almost anything.  Perhaps her competitors are posting negative reviews. Nothing else makes sense.
5	Well, it's been a week since my Grey's surgery and we had our first follow up appt (at no charge, I might add) and Spectre seems to be doing GREAT! Dr. Hershey not only evaluated his surgical site, but examined him for every little concern I had.  I know that the treatment choices we've agreed upon will not "cure" his cancer, just buy him more time and make him comfortable. She addressed beginning Naltrexone before I even had the chance to ask. I am grateful for every day I have with my "spirit dog" and having a Dr. that thinks outside the box. Spectre is acting like his old self... today. I'll take it :) Money well spent. (I will continue to update throughout our journey. Hoping the bridge is farther away than it was a week ago).
1	I wouldn't even know where to start to describe how bad the Vet Dr. Hershey and her staff are. She charged me for a tissue biopsy when I clearly stated I did not want one and I did NOT want it sent out. There is no recourse with the Vet board in regards to charge disputes. She literally threw a bottle of medicine at her receptionist. She told me a spleen removal carried no risks and that it was more simple than a spay surgery. When my dog was bleeding out during this " no risk surgery" she had her tech run out and ask ME "what I wanted her to do"? She told me the surgery would cure her anemia. My dog had bleeding tumor lesions all over her ear and head and she wouldn't address it. Her serious 3 different bacterial MRSA infections were also ignored by this Vet. She says she is holistic integrative but provided NOTHING holistic except to recommend Yunnan Baio. A mobile Vet had to come to my house and at least put an elastic bandage on my dogs head to stop the bleeding from her ear. Dr. Hershey's only goal is $$$ money, money, money! And there is HUGE mis-communications between her and her staff. They don't answer the phone or return emails or phone calls. You're risking your dogs health & safety if you take them here. Plan to spend your whole day waiting in this office. I was a legitimate client of hers and know what I'm talking about! Trust what you read people!
5	Had a great experience. Would recommend.
