1	Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
5	I am SHOCKED to see this place isn't five stars. We order delivery from here at least once a week. Their lunch specials are GREAT, and the portions are always, always plentiful. I've never waited more than 25 minutes, even though they always say 45. I think it's respectful just in case they run behind. I will say that if you are looking for a truly authentic Chinese meal, this probably isn't your best option (although WAY more authentic than House of Lee. YUCK!) Both my boyfriend and I think it is plenty authentic for us, always delicious. I have cravings for their eggrolls daily, he loves their wonton soup. It is the only kind of soup I will eat, it's that good. And we love the cute, little Chinese guy that usually delivers our food. My bf and I always get the biggest smiles on our faces when we hear our apt buzz with " CHINA SEEAAA!!" =)
4	Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.  The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.  The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.  Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.  It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a "date night out" sort of place. It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality "stay in and relax" go to.  Hope this helps!  Enjoy!psA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.ppsAlways look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
1	Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
1	The pros:You get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. They have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. The cons:The woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. My pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle. Everything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. Leftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! If you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
3	We ordered from here because Uncle Chen, our go-to takeout place down the road, was closed. I ordered the General Tso tofu, a favorite dish of mine, and hubby ordered the beef Mei Fun noodles. We always grab some egg rolls too. The lady on the phone wasn't rude, per se, but she wasn't exactly helpful or answering any of my questions, either (hubby wanted to see about getting a different sauce on his noodles, and I had to ask a few times before she finally answered my question about how large the tofu dish was). I was in a good mood though, so the attitude over the phone didn't bother me. Price was good, typical takeout rates. The good news is that they will allow you to pay with credit cards over the phone, so if you're like me and never carry cash, you can still get delivery. She told me 45 minutes for the food.The food arrived in about 20 minutes (we live half a mile away), it was hot and smelled great. Hubby's Mei Fun looked typical, but he was saddened to see that they didn't exchange the white sauce for brown sauce. The beef was pretty mushy, and didn't taste all that great. The veggies were fresh, and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce. Noodles were alright, nothing to write home about. My General Tso tofu was delicious, and tasted exactly like the dish I was craving. Fried to perfection, perfect-sized pieces of tofu, and a fantastic sauce. The broccoli was fresh and tasted good. This particular dish only came in one size: Enormous. I think hubby and I just ended up sharing my meal, paired with some mediocre egg rolls.So, long story short, lady on the phone was a bit irritating, delivery was fast, food was fresh, and, depending on what you order, the food quality ranges from so-so to great. If you're looking for a quick fix to your Chinese food craving, this is a good place to order from, although I'll be going back to Uncle Chen before I try China Sea again.
