4	I usually get annoyed at commercial chains moving into lucrative areas for business, but I am surprisingly endeared by this Costa.It's big enough, quiet enough during the afternoon (most days) and the staff are pretty friendly. It's comfy and low tempo if you're looking for a wee break with a book. It's not as classy as some of the other rival businesses in this exceptionally wealthy area of Edinburgh, but arguably it's a bit less high maintenance. You know what you're getting with Costa, and I don't feel as under the spotlight if I roll up here dressed like a grubber.You know what you're getting with this good coffee chain - in my case, a nice hot chocolate and a wee sit down in a relaxed environment for a while. There are definitely worse ways you could spend your day.
4	Out of all of the commercial coffee shop chains - which admittedly I normally despise and rate two stars or less - Costa is the best. They have a better selection of drinks, tastier sandwiches, better cakes and stuff and the clientel are generally much less up there own arse than Starbucks customers. The cafe's themselves are always especially well looked after, clean and the red and brown decor certainly has a relaxing effect. Always very welcoming and comfortable. Normally, All of this would result in a five star rating, but as it is Costa - a chain store, it would get a respectable three stars.You may have noticed then that this particular Costa gets 4 starts - and thats simply due to the staff, whom I find to be the nicest Costa staff ever. Well done you guys!
4	Unlike Sam C, I'm not quite liberal enough to tolerate sitting across from a group of lactating mothers as I sip on an extra milky latte. That can often be a problem at this particular branch of Costa, but the comfortable seating and excellent opportunity for people watching in what is one of the city's most pleasant areas almost makes up for it.Coffee is hit and miss, often unbearably bitter, but that's the case pretty much everywhere.
3	Let's be honest: We all know I'm not a fan of Costa. I find their coffee too strong, too bitter and the majority of the time, too burnt. Given the option, I'd much prefer to sit in a cosy, independent coffee shop with worn wooden tables than a chain with identit furniture and decor. The thing this particular branch has going for it however, is it's warm and spacious with big windows and friendly staff. The fact it's out of the city centre also means it's usually frequented by couples and groups of friends. Unlike some of my fellow yelpers, I don't mind seeing mums breastfeed or take time out from childcare duties. In fact, I'd rather be surrounded by them than arrogant city slickers shouting into mobile phones and blackberries!
4	I like this costa, don't know hy but other costas i just avoid because the location and how busy they can get.The staff were friendly,smiley and polite when they took my order and didn't batter an eye lid when i ask to sit in with a paper cup as i was just waiting on someone.Coffee was a flat white and was tasty.  Good, coffee and good service makes me happy and the world a better place.  ok it's not an indie but I do like my indies too!
