4	This really is a dive but the food was great. We ended up here because another place we planned to go to was closed. I had the chicken gordita. Totally authentic and delish. They have a wall of different pastries and a salsa bar with fresh salsas.
3	Randomly went here after dinner on a Friday figuring it should be open until 9PM. They have traditional Mexican casual food and baked goods. The lady and I awkwardly spoke Spanglish back and forth and I ordered her suggestions of cake and "elote" (not corn but some dough wrapped cheese mystery cylindrical baked good.) The cake with it's syrup soaked strawberry, whipped cream, and moist vanilla interior was spot on but I cannot say the same for the "elote." I also am pretty sure I had the white girl mark up or this place is expensive for a Mexican bakery as the receipt did not have any itemization, no prices were listed in the store, and it was a rather high bill. La Purisima is still my go to for baked goods but I might come back to try the food.
4	Went there for a breakfast burrito and I must say it was delicious.  In my opinion,  best one in the neighborhood. Ordered the bacon, egg, and potato and had them add beans n cheese. It weighted about 2 lbs. Salsa was great too. Will be back again.There was a bit of wait but well worth it. They seem to stay busy with the bakery and all!
1	DONT COME HERE!I stopped by to pick up some mexican sweet bread this past sunday. WORST MISTAKE.got maybe around 10 pieces of bread MAX, and i asked if they had green chicken tamales and she said let me check went to the back and then yelled from the door asking how many i wanted i said 6 and she says okay rings them up and then says oh but by the way they are pork not chicken..... um okay i asked for chicken so i said nevermind i can't eat pork i was looking for chicken...rings me up tells me the total is $10 and some change. i had her my debit card and she swipes it and gives me the reciept and says oh we also charge 50 cents for debit transactions..... well thanks i guess you could of let me know before to see if i had cash.i check my bank account monday moring and they charges me $18 and cents. WTF!!! i gave them a call and said the owner would call me back.... nothing! i called a few times after that and nothing. its now wednesday and still havent heard back....WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE OR THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!
