4	I've never seen anything like it! Maybe because I live in the Bay Area, but the idea frozen custard ("DRIVE THRU" frozen custard at that) is totally new to me. If you're coming home from work or its too hot outside, just go grab a delicious cup of this yummy stuff! I believe I had a strawberry sundae of some sort which was overloaded with the freshest toppings. I had to share with everyone because it was too large for me to handle all by me lonesome! They also serve hot dogs and shakes, but I would just come here for the custard. I love the old school concept of the place, but man, they must have been rude in the fifties!! The person on the speaker was not helpful and borderline rude, if the sundaes weren't so mouth-watering delicious I would have been upset. Its custard people! No room for rudeness when there's custard to be served!!  Try it, I have faith that the service is up to par on their good days.
5	It's a rare occasion I don't stop when I drive near this place. The custard is exactly as it should be. Rich & creamy!I love the mocha cement and the cement with bananas and peanut butter and chocolate is pretty awesome too. But... stay away from the "Grasshopper" cement. I generally love mint chocolate chip ice cream and this was really bland. Not enough mint or chocolate.On the other hand, the Suicide Squeeze is reeeediculously sweet and deeelicious. See the picture I loaded. It's vanilla custard, with chocolate bundt cake, fudge and berries....errrggghhhh!
5	It's hard not to like any place that specializes in some sort of sweet treat, and this place is no exception.  The concretes are probably my favorite such as the coffee almond.  I love custard because it has that ice cream look, but a bit thicker feel to it.  It's great for Vegas because of the heat, and with their assorted flavors, there's plenty to like.
3	i was amazed when the my lovely dining companion (the g/f) and i pulled up into the parking lot of this place.  we were surprised to find a drive thru at this place, which just makes it so convenient.  the g/f was impressed to be able to see everything behind the ordering window.  its similar to being at krispy kreme donuts, but instead you get to see them put your custard sundae together.  whats also great is they have a couple of huge benches so you can enjoy your custard right away!!!  their signature item is the "concrete", which is vanilla custard mixed with various ingredients blended together.  they make it sound like it will be this sludgelike mixture of syrup and other sugary sweet ingredients that cant be sucked up by a strong or break your plastic spoon.  i was not too impressed with our order of the "grasshopper. i dont think it was minty enough or it was difficult to differentiate that this was made in custard.  i thought to myself, wheres the eggy-half-half creamy, sugary sweetness flavor of custard?"  i think i have to come back to this place again and just choose just the custard with nuts to get a true comparison with other custard places i have been.
3	Since discovering frozen custard, the BF has been craving it.  Unfortunately, Luv-It is closed on Sundays and Mondays and I've heard there are a few other frozen custard joints around the Vegas area.  A quick search pulled up Sheridan's Frozen Custard in Henderson.  Imagine our surprise and shock seeing this huge building with bright lights advertising Sheridan's.  They don't mess around with frozen custard here!As we pulled into the parking lot, we passed by the drive through section and I was still in bewilderment.  Standing in front of this brightly lit dessert place, children and families were enjoying their own cold treat.  With music being played and fans overhead, Sheridan's invites you to take a seat along the bench way while enjoying your frozen custard.  With the glass windows all along the store front, you can easily watch your concoction being put together.  (I always appreciate glass windows because it forces the establishment to always maintain a clean front.)  You can soon tell why this is a chain business.Perusing their long menu, we were both intrigued by their "Signature Concretes."  They advertise it as "A concrete is fresh custard blended with your choice of a topping, but it's hard (like concrete).  You cannot drink it through a straw, you have to eat this treat with a spoon."  Since Sheridan's only sells Chocolate or Vanilla flavored custards, you kinda have to dress up your custard.We both agreed to try the Grant's Grasshopper, "fresh vanilla custard, green mint flavor and chocolate chips all blended together."  I watched as a couple of guys put together our concrete.  It didn't take too long and we both hungrily dug in.  (Check out the picture!)  It reminded me of a McFlurry from McDonald's.  It wasn't quite as 'concrete' as I expected it to.  It was actually more whipped and liquidly, and I think I could have drank it with a spoon.  I would have had to suck hard, but I think I could have.Overall, it was more ice cream than frozen custard.  I expected a more intense flavor, more egg-like at least.  A bit disappointing for frozen custard.  But not bad for a mix of ice creams and sundae desserts.Sidenote: They are open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays and until 11pm on the other days.
5	i love this place. there's so much i want to try (like the suicide squeeze pictured up there)...but i always seem to stick to the first thing i ever ordered and love...the razzle dazzle.
4	This isn't quite Luv-It, but it will do in a pinch.  :) It kind of makes me think of what it would be like if Dairy Queen and Cold Stone had a frozen custard love child...There are plenty of mix-in choices, and the frozen custard is rich and creamy.  The drive thru is very convenient, but eating it in the car before it melts can be dangerous.  I recommend taking someone along who can feed you while you drive. :)
4	I really like this frozen custard.  A couple scoops of vanilla and a doggie cone is a good bet.  The only thing better is the fresh gelato and sorbet at Whole Foods.
4	I like this place 'cos it's got old school leanings (a simple drive up or a big wide open walk up). I went for the basic 2 scoop cone (vanilla and chocolate are their flavors so had one of each) which was pretty cheap at $2.13 Reminded me of Anderson's frozen custard which was part of my childhood. It is what it is: a creamier version of soft ice cream to these taste buds. I think the chocolate held up a bit better than the vanilla.Then I took my cone into the Trader Joe's to laugh at the healthy foods as I lapped up the calories.
3	Pretty good for frozen custard.  We both shared a Mother's In Law, which consists of the vanilla custard yogurt, rice krispies, chocolate chips, and banana blended together.  I'm not sure why it's called that but it was pretty good.  I gave them 3 stars because they don't have any indoor seats. They only outdoor (bench like) seating.  No music as Teri C. said but maybe because it was in the middle of the day?  We didn't do the drive through because we thought there were indoor seats. Oh well...The inside of the place looked huge, I don't know why they couldn't have indoor seats.  Overall, it's worth trying something new.
4	I don't even really like ice cream, but I love this stuff.I got out of my way to stop here when i'm in the vegas area.  You can make any creation you want, or go with some of their own creations.I once had the pretzel and custard one, and i wasn't very impressed.  But everything else i've ever tried is so good.I like the kicked back, walk up and order outside vibe.  Simple and quick.
5	Once you have had Sheridan's - you CRAVE it like crazy!!! Sooooo good!!! You pick your fav flavor combinations or choose one that they have created and cleverly named. One word of advice - get here early on a hot day or night. Long lines sometimes, but worst of all - they run out of custard and if your the next guy in line after the last is served - YOUR SCREWED!!! Then you are forced to stand there in disappointment and look around at all the people enjoying their delicious custard AND YOU HAVE NONE! If this hasn't happened to you - be thankful. It sucks!! The custard is sweet and creamy. The service is always fast and friendly. The store is VERY clean. Tons of add in's to chose from! You cant go wrong.  Way better then the DQ!!!
5	When my lips touched Sheridan's Custard I knew I was hooked forever!... Their menu is completely robust and kinda overwhelming but when in doubt be simple and get a simple scoop of frozen custard. I visited this place last weekend and can't wait to go back. You have the drive up (50's) feel and very friendly staff. What I recommend: Buk-A-Roo.
2	SEWER   GAS !!!   The custard tastes ok, but the experience of visiting this location is disgusting!   A couple of years ago I brought it to the manager's attention that the sewer gas in the drive-thru line was out of control.  They told me they were aware of it and would pass the message on.  I was up there this evening and it was so strong, we had to keep our windows rolled up . . . and even then, we could smell the stench.  They are fully aware of this problem and, yet, do nothing to protect the safety and health of their customers.  Needless to say, this will be my LAST visit to this establishment!
5	The Razzle Dazzle ( vanilla custard, hot fudge and raspberries) is my favorite.  I noticed a lot of people say their specialty is the concrete, not sure why.  My husband usually gets the turtle, their pecans are so good!
5	We were in Vegas to celebrate our 10th anniversary and found Sheridan's thru Yelp.  Stopped by after dinner and we were so glad we did.  I had the grasshopper which was mint flavored frozen custard with melted chocolate whipped together.  What's great was that the chocolate freezes once it hits the custard and the whipping action created nice little chocolate flakes.  I loved it!  Reminded me of the Thrifty's mint and chip ice cream that I loved so much as a kid.  My husband had one with salted pecans, caramel, and chunks of mango.  Sweet and savory.  I didn't care for his too much, but he really liked it.  If you've never had frozen custard, it's similar to soft serve, but it has a slight egg taste to it.... like a custard!  Duh!   Anyway, it was a great after dinner dessert, esp when in Vegas during the scorching hot summer!
5	Excelent, excelent, excelent!I have been a customer for years its always great!
4	Imagine a standard Las Vegas summer..... It's one million degrees outside and you are craving some sort of sweet, cool goodness. You think to yourself, I do not want ice cream nor do I want yogurt..... Then you think......Hello Sheridan's Frozen Custard! So when your in the mood for some thick, good ol fashion custard, head over to Sheridans. :TIP: Frozen custard is very, very thick and dense.
5	My favorite frozen custard anywhere.  So delicious!  I have decided my favorite thing is a chocolate concrete with pretzels and peanut butter.  Completely addictive.On hot summer days, I wish they had indoor seating.
5	I miss Sheridan's Frozen Custard! I miss the scoop of vanilla and chocolate. Oh Sheridan's frozen Custard, we shall meet again!
5	Frozen custard is a Missouri/Kansas thing, and you have to try it before you make any judgments.  This is not Dairy Queen soft serve.  This is some serious butterfat, no artificial flavors, etc.My husband and I usually go for the basics.  I like a concrete of vanilla custard with oreos.  He likes the Elvis (peanut butter and banana) with chocolate custard.  I'm told by certain devotees of a certain other custard chain in Missouri that if you like fancy toppings, Sheridan's isn't the place to go, but for folks such as myself who like to keep it simple, it's as good as it gets.The owner went to KU and I went to Mizzou.  Every year when I visit my grandparents in Vegas, I stop by, get some custard, and trash talk his alma mater.  It's great.
3	This place is pretty decent!  Good stuff!  Much different than frozen yogurt bit it's really good!  Its a bit pricey and many might not like the taste because they've never had frozen custard but these guys do it right.
3	I'm not really a topping girl. I like places where they carry like 10+ different flavors of frozen goodness and then I can get that , add some strawberries to it and call it a day. This place ONLY had vanilla and chocolate flavors? WTF? Where's my mint? Where's my cheesecake? Where's anything with an ounce of creativity?!? As someone who doesn't eat vanilla or chocolate in general (I find them too boring!) this was a huge disappointment. We tried one of the concretes with oreos and what not in it. While it was tasty it certainly wasn't better than fro yo. For the calories involved, I'll stick with Golden Spoon and U Swirl!
4	There are tons of ice cream establishments around Vegas, and it's great to see that some frozen custard places are popping up - it's great stuff that isn't served in enough locations. Sheridan's opened up a few years back, and when you live a town like Las Vegas that has some hot summers, ice cream is a must. Sheridan's has a diverse menu, and their ice cream and custard are to die for. This is the kind of place I'm glad to come across and eat at.Sheridan's is in an easy-to-find location on the southern end of Eastern, in the K-Mart shopping center. If you live over in that area or visit it on a regular basis, you won't have any difficulty finding this place.The ice cream here is delicious, my only real complaint is that they don't have indoor seating (not unlike Sonic.) This means you have to sit outside to eat your stuff, which means it is going to melt on you that much faster if you visit during one of those hot Vegas summers.Still, all things considered, Sheridan's has some great stuff. I personally recommend going the few extra miles down Eastern to Nielsen's, but that's only because I like eating my ice cream indoors. Sheridan's is damn good, though, and it's hard not to recommend.
4	Turns out, Sheridan's recently sold/bought/something and is now officially called Mr. D Frozen Custard. The recipe is very close to the same and most people can not tell the difference according to the staff. Does this mean we need to officially call this business closed and open up a new one called Mr. D Frozen Custard?
3	Sheridan's recently changed ownership and or management and is now officially called Mr. D Frozen Custard. The recipe is allegedly the same but I am not sure that is true and the staff doesnt appear to be the same either.  The guy who use to own or manage it was always there and very service oriented...it doesnt look, feel or taste the same...downgrade to okay.
4	WHAT? this is closed?I loved loved loved their frozen custard!  When I visit LV i'll be sure to try out the new establishment, Mr. D Frozen Custard? We shall see!
