5	I have tested several restaurant for Kobbideh Kebob menu and I can definitely say that this place serves the best Koobideh I have ever had. Don't miss their wraps they are really delicious and the price is amazing! you can have a chicken wrap for only 3.99$+tax!!
5	Best Kebob ever! This restaurant offers variety of Persian dishes at a reasonable price. Totally recommended.
5	great food, good service and charming staff.. been here a couple times so far and was never disappointed... K/W finally has a great persian restaurant...
5	Authentic Persian cuisine, kabob( Persian grills) are cooked to the perfection, well marinated and high quality.This is not a type of food you may anticipate to find in near university area, moderated price and charming business owner,excels your experience and makes you come back again soon.I went there with my wife and couple of friends and we all enjoyed it. I have to emphasize that,they are open till really late and whenever you crave you can stop by.The only recommendation for improvement can be maybe extending the menu and adding more traditional Persian dishes
4	This is a new restaurant, beware the other reviews as management has flooded Yelp with over twelve 5+ reviews (all posted on June 10/11? Really?).Weekday lunch: Service is friendly, but slow - there was only one person in charge of doing everything and it took longer than expected despite there only being 3 customers total. The owner likes to talk to people, no problem with that.The $3.99 beef wrap is a good deal for its size. It was smaller than average and greasy, but definitely good value for the amount paid. Confusingly, veggie and chicken wraps are more expensive ($4.49 and $4.99 respectively - a veggie wrap more expensive than beef wrap!?)Overall, 4 stars for good value after considering cost. Food had more taste than the more expensive Shawerma Plus ($8.69 incl. fries + drink) nearby, but was definitely smaller, greasier and unhealthier.... No posted menu, only the delivery menus so it is confusing when you first walk in where to order from.
5	The best persian food ever.  Very friendly people,  delicious food and fair prices.  We really enjoyed our time.  I'll definitely go there again
5	I ordered joojeh, chenjeh and  ash reshteh for my guests. Everything was absolutely great. My guests loved all the meals. Great job!
