4	This place is beautiful, as flashy as it could ever be and expensive as heck. I think it's going to be great for adults who want to let loose with bowling and pool, great for parties, but not the best for families with young kids.The reason I say that is because it's simply too pricey. I went there tonight with my husband and son. We wanted to bowl for an hour, and it was $34 for an hour. What? Fifty cents per minute of bowling? I was hoping we could get the early-bird rate of $22 per hour, but was told that that pricing ended at 5 p.m. I checked my cell phone as I was being told this, and it was 5:03. OK, so this is going to be THAT kind of place.So we got our game, and with shoe rental and tax it ended up about $44 for an hour. Bowling is very high-tech, with the ability to choose different types of games and even different ways to decorate your screen.The food is fairly reasonable. We had a child's chicken finger meal, a margarita flatbread, chicken wings and three Coronas and the total was $50. The chicken wings were so soggy that my husband sent them back (the first time I've seen him do this in 11 years of marriage). They graciously made new wings for him. They still charged us for it, but that's fine, I have no problem with that.So we left after less than two hours having shelled out more than $100 (with tip). Yikes.We didn't play any video games, but the ones I saw were about $1.10 or more per play. Your kids will go through the cash pretty quickly at that rate.The service is absolutely impeccable. The wait staff is a constant presence at the bowling area and was there to help with anything and everything. The food was served on nice plateware, and the paper napkins were black. They brought out lemon slices in a small bowl with our ice water -- a very nice touch.Pros: Very high tech, good-looking, clean and well run. Lots of friendly employees. Food and drinks are reasonable. Cons: Bowling and video games are extremely expensive. I just can't pay $44 for an hour of bowling for a family of three.
4	Love the cleanliness and newness of the arcade games. A little pricey but there's something fun for everyone. Bar, restaurant, bowling, laser tag ($8), gravity ropes ($8), picture booths, air hockey, skee ball, tvs and a ton of arcade games
4	Good family fun because it has a lot of variety. There's video games, billiards, laser tag, bowling, climbing bridge, restaurant and random things. All of the kids seem to have fun. Look for specials. On a Monday last week, it was $10 all you can bowl, laser tag, etc. Oh and you also get waiter service while you bowl. It's kind of cool since you don't have to leave your lane and the waiter brings you food and drinks.Good family fun OR good group hang out with friends too!
4	Drinking, bowling, arcade, lazer tag, pool tables, gravity course...pretty cool place.
5	This place is awesome! There's so much to do! We went during the wrong time of year though. Unfortunately, even at noon on a Friday the place is packed with holiday parties so there's no available pool tables or bowling lanes. I'm sure it will be a blast after the new year. This is basically a shiny new version of Dave and Busters.
4	I think the Main Event has a lot of potential. It just recently opened so I didn't expect it to be crazy packed, but there was a decent amount of people there. I love the bowling here! It has a classy Lucky Strike kind of feel with a full menu and bar. The system allows you to take a selfie for your name and score and its very interactive giving interesting player stats throughout the game. Our server was incredibly nice and friendly, apparently she had been working a double shift, but she was so upbeat- you would never be able to tell. We ordered the chicken quesadilla, 2 orderes of garlic fries and onion rings. It was all yummy. The onion rings were more like onion straws - which I prefer and the fries had just the right amount of garlic. We each paid for the all you can play bowling, laser tag, climbing etc wristband which was around $17 and worth it. I was dying laughing from playing laser tag with my friends and a bunch of strangers. I found out later that all of my team was hiding out upstairs, which explains why I was getting crazy shot up by the other team downstairs. They have an interesting harness system that allows you to do tightrope walking and other crazy obstacles over the arcade. The arcade could definitely use more games and I didn;t get to play billiards but I will try next time! Overall, it was a fun night! I hope this place can compete with Dave and Buster's, I would say it's location is limiting since it randomly placed next to the IKEA deep in Tempe.
1	Tonight our office of 9 employees headed to main event for a team building party. Sad to say this will be our last time visiting! We arrived on a Monday afternoon at 3  for drinks and food, after having one or 2 drinks we played laser tag and then decided to bowl. The bowling alley was super nice and we were able to order drinks from a waitress. That's when a party came to a horrible end! After a gal in our party tried to order a Third drink (3 in 31/2 hours) our waitress told us that she was "slowing her down on her drinking" we ordered 5 drinks between 8 people! Our waitress told us that she would have to kick us out if we ordered another drink!! WHAT!!? My co worker was so insulted that this women was talking to her this way. The waitress when confronted by me proceeded to tell us that she was trained to look for signs of when people had too much to drink but when I asked her if she knew how drinks we had she had no idea! Then she told me that the women in question had ordered two drinks within a few minutes of each other, we told her the drinks weren't even for her! We spent close to $500 and were treated like garbage!!! Beware if you are going here for fun!! Not so much. Thanks for stealing $500 welcome to the neighborhood main event!!!
4	Finally something close to work for a fun Happy Hour.The Pilsner beer prices were reasonable, considering the area.  I agree that the bowling prices are insane, but they do have some great specials.  You just have to look for them and get them at their ticket booth, I suppose.  We walked around the arcade, took some fun pictures and got some game cards.  Games are anywhere from $1.10 to $1.65 in some cases.  I'm sure they are still working out some kinks, being open only a month.  Will definitely give it another go around here down the road.  Compared to Brunswick Zone in Gilbert, I'd have to give Main Even a nod on the side of not a bunch of rugrats running around, but the bar at Brunswick is more self contained, which is a plus for them.  And they (Brunswick) have karakoe.
1	I went here with a group of friends thinking it would be a fun night out. We mostly went for bowling, so we got Winter Fun Passes since it included "unlimited" bowling, plus billiards, gravity ropes etc. To get a bowling lane, we had to wait an hour, and to use the gravity ropes we had to wait a half hour. No big deal. We reserved one lane since there were 6 of us bowling (in a group of 8). They neglected to tell us that there was a one-hour time limit on the lanes. When we realized this about a half hour into our game and went to reserve another lane, the lady laughed at me and said that there were 30 groups ahead of us. I asked if she could give me an estimate of how long the wait would be, and her reply was "A long time." When I stood there staring at her, she finally said, "It'll be at least a two-hour wait". We tried checking out the billiards while we waited again, but the 6-8 pool tables they had were full, and every employee had a different answer about how to reserve one. One of them asked to hold one of our credit cards. I don't think so. So, for the over $100 spent between the 6 of us (not including what we spent on arcade games while we waited), we got one round of bowling and one round of gravity ropes before we got tired of waiting and left. That would have bought about 3 games for our entire group at AMF. Very disappointing. This was SO not worth it, and none of us plan on coming back.
5	What a cool place. Great food games are a lil pricey but it is very kid friendly and clean. Great service good looking staff friendly most definitely will be going back.
4	Updated: I am very impressed with how quickly this was responded to. I am still at the location and the district manager called me to apologize and the manager promptly came over with a $20 video game card for each of my kids.  The response from the district manager was understanding and swift and my kids are grateful for the extra video game time.  I updated my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars and we will likely be back in the future.The winter funpass is a good deal for cabin feverish kids, however the staff and management are rude and inattentive.I brought my kids here to beat the winter blues and get some work done. I got the kids the winter funpass and sat at a table in their restaurant area.  The staff never came over, regardless of walking by several times.  On each table there was an ad for "Buy a $25 gift card, get a $10 bonus card." When I asked about this, I was told the ad expired yesterday (there was no expiration on the ad) and that they would not honor it. The manager stated that they were in the process of removing them, but had only gotten to the sign on the front of the building.  The ad was on every table with no expiration, however he was unwilling to honor. I am not one to complain, but any other establishment would have honored their posted promotions.It will be awhile before I come back, if ever.  For the money, Dave and Busters or Ultrastar are much better options.
3	It looks Very fun with plenty to do for the whole family, however, With football playoffs and open seating, they should figure out a way to not miss anyone trying to order or sit down for a drink. The wait for activities was a little over 3hrs. It was packed. We walked in, sat down, but someone in our party had to go and find someone to help us.....20 mins later. No warm introduction , nothing. She asked for our card prior to ordering....The food came fairly quickly...always pass on the spinach dip... That needs more attention than we did honestly.
1	First time trying this place and I doubt I will return, which is unfortunate because they have potential, but the employees and management leave a lot to be desired. Here's a recap of my experience: 1. Went without food or drink for 20 minutes at the bar. Literally had to get up and move to the other side of the bar to be served because the bartender was ignoring all 4 of us. 2. The winter fun pass sounds like a good deal, but is a total rip off. They say it is unlimited bowling, laser tag and billiards. What they don't tell you is that if there is a wait, which is pretty much guaranteed, you only get an hour on the bowling lanes at a time. Then when you go try to get on the list again, it is another 2 hours before you can play. We arrived at 6, didn't get to bowl until 7:15 and only got to play one game. Went to get on the list again and told we had to wait until 10:45! Even the employee I was complaining to said the Winter Fun Pass was a total rip off. I wish we could all get our money back. 3. Laser Tag lines are a joke, 2 hour wait to play, but a lot of people sign up and don't come back. They don't have a way to track that though, so a lot of sessions of the game are at less than capacity due to the no-shows. They should utilize the same buzzers that they use for bowling to minimize this. 4. Complained to management twice and they didn't make it right. If the same person asks to speak to a manager twice you think that something would be done from a customer satisfaction perspective, but my concerns fell on deaf ears.  The manager didn't even introduce himself to me, he just walked up and asked if I had a question.  I asked if he was the manager and he said yes and then I explained my concerns and how I felt we were being taken advantage of with the Winter Fun Pass.  Obviously our business wasn't important enough to him, so we will go somewhere else in the future.  To summarize - save your money and avoid this place.
1	It seems like a great deal. I came here for the MLK weekend special. It was $17.95 for all you can play bowling, laser tag, etc. what they don't tell you is that you will spend 2+ hours waiting to play any of the games. So in the end you spend the whole night there and only get to play 1 or 2 games of anything. Essentially it's a huge rip off. Might as well just go to a bowling alley or laser tag place. I won't be coming back for sure. Also the service here is atrocious. You will spend 15+ minutes at the bar just waiting to get a beer.
1	I was so excited to go to main event with my boyfriend! We got there and played some games (overpriced) but decided to go eat. We sat in a booth for at least 10 minutes before the waitress came to say "I will be right with you". Then another 10-15 minutes later, still no sign of the waitress or anyone to even take a drink order. Extremely frustrated, we went to talk to the manager to let her know what happened and that we didn't even want to wait any longer to eat and were leaving. All she said was "okay I will check what happened" and that was it. No apology, no offers to help make the experience better, nothing. I will not be going here again.
2	Our family was excited to try this place. We had kids between the ages if 6-14 and between the long waits to do anything, the ropes course being too scary for the 6 year old, the video games being....get this $1.65 - $3.00+.....EACH.....we really didn't enjoy nor did we find value in the winter pass. We literally played 2 rounds of bowling. Well the kids did. The staff, as I see mentioned in other reviews, was in fact really rude. One girl literally rolled her eyes with a heavy sigh because I had to try a few different sized bowling shoes for my daughter (they run about 2 sizes too small). Didn't realize I was completely putting her out. ((Shrug)). I gave two stars because the food is actually pretty good there and reasonably priced. Sorry though we don't intend to return.
2	We had my son's 8th birthday party here, and spent 500 $ for 13 kids package for laser,  pizza, and video cared  and two adult trays of food, and 3 extra game cards for little kids. You would think that for that much money, we would have great service, however, my husband and I were disappointed. First, it started that when we came in, our reservation was not correct, we had made changes the day before and moved the time up 30 minutes, however, this was not passed on to the staff and it took 15 minutes for it to finally get done. Then when we went to sit down at the table, we only had one table for 16 kids and adults. This was appalling, since we had confirmed that we had 16 kids total, and that we would have food for the adults as well. When the 4 pizzas were put on the table, I asked about the other two trays for the adults and they brought it out, but had NO WHERE to put them, so I asked about putting it on the table next to us , that way we could get seating, but of course that was taken. finally the host put out a folding table in the corner , squeezed in where the food was put down. We had over 14 adults with no seating, just standing, and this was not to our liking at all. For our sons' birthday parties, we always like to accommodate adults with food, drinks, and SEATS, but this was not the case this time. Very disappointing, my husband and I have had parties in all the major venues, D & B, Amazing Jake's, etc. and this was totally a disappointment, especially for the money we shelled out.  On their defense the kids liked laser tag and the arcade games were fine (too expensive though), however, we did not have ENOUGH SEATING for a party with 16 kids and their parents...Recommendations:1. Enlarge the party area, do not book two tables back to back, that is very uncomfortable and frankly, rude2. Have two hosts for each part, our host had too much to do and slowed the party down3. Have some parties in the front area where the seating was, that area was totally empty
1	Update - after I posted my review a comment was left by Main Event Entertainment asking me to email their district manager William.  I sent William an email over a week ago and still haven't received a response.
1	$1.65 for games? Change it to credits like Dave n busters so I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off. The food is descent but the service is horrible. If there are a lot of people sitting at the bar or the tables they should have some type of system for anyone to notice us. I waited 15-20 minutes to ask someone to take our order. Bowling is only rented $36 for the hour not per game-RIPOFF-. Expect to spend the whole day if you want to try laser tag or anti gravity walk- there's always a waiting list for 2-3 hours later. The only competition is Dave N Busters and Main Event does not compare especially if you have a children's party like I did. My host was excellent but I had only one host getting drinks for 13 kids and 10 adults and it was hard getting refills. I know I will never host a party there again. This place is good if you're by yourself and just want to get a beer.
1	I received a response from William.  Apparently my first email went into his spam folder.  He is going to provide an email gift card for us to try the place out again.  I haven't received the card yet, but I think my husband and I will give it one more shot and see if things have improved.
2	This place has some potential but has a lot of kinks to work out in order to avoid frustrating the customers. Pros: The bowling lanes are very cool! They take photos of the bowlers and put them alongside your name on the screen that shows the scores. And they superimpose the faces from your team onto various cartoons during the game. My kids thought this was HILARIOUS. My kids also loved the interactive video playing on the floor outside the bowling area. I watched jumping on pretend bugs, toppling pretend bowling pins, etc for a long time. They all seemed to love it. Cons: I was able to watch the interactive video area because I waited nearly an HOUR to be helped at the dining table in the bowling area. I think I would *still* be there if I hadn't sought out a server myself. And there was a cluster of people near the entrance to the bowling area, which was annoying and made it hard to get in and out. I don't know if they were waiting for a lane, or just socializing there bc they had friends playing in the nearby lane, or what?? But the staff should have relocated them and cleared the flow of people in that area. Also the process of buying a ticket for the gravity ropes course was very confusing. We waited in one line, then were told to move to the other line, which meant we had to go to the back of that line and start the wait all over. The bottleneck also blocked the entrance to the shop. Let people buy laser tag & ropes course tickets at the kiosks instead! And make sure the staff doesn't ignore people waiting to be served. Also the nachos were terrible. They were served without salsa (?) and so once you got the few toppings off the top layer, you were left with a stack of chips and nothing to eat them with. The pizza was very good.
3	Came here with work colleagues to find out there is no Happy Hour here on Fri & Sat. But decided to give this place a try and ordered some of their Garlic Fries. They came out lukewarm and had so much oil they were soggy. No garlic taste at all. The pizza we ordered we just average. Food wise nothing special if not a little disappointing. I personally wouldn't try this place again but if your looking to take the family out, your kids would have a blast. There is a lot for them here and you can enjoy a beer. Little pricey game wise too.
1	So I went there on 02/22 and was told at 8:45 that the wait would be an hour to bowl. So ok we signed up and went to to have dinner. Food was okNothing special but the garlic Fries were crap. Nothing but oil on them. Then at around 10:15 I went to ask how much longer and they said another hour. WTF! Finally had a lane at 11pm. And the waitress after initially asking us for drinks never came back.  Place has potential but I wouldn't go back for a long time.
5	Wonderful place to host a birthday party! We had our daughter's party here and everything went so smooth. Bree was our party hostess and did an amazing job. I can see where it would be a little pricey for a family to spend the afternoon playing games, bowling,ect, but I thought the party prices were very reasonable and well worth it. All you have to do is show up and bring the cake. Doesn't get much easier than that!
4	Fun family entertainment   Pizza was out quick. Got reimbursed for bad photo booth  and the place was clean!
4	Was hesitant to try this place after reading the reviews but decided to hold my brother's 40th birthday there.  The service was amazing (thanks Katie and Sandy), the food and drinks were great.  There was something for everyone to do, kids were just as happy as the adults.  Would only go here for special occasions due to prices of events. It is obvious this place is working hard on improving and we entirely enjoyed ourselves!
5	I always pass by this place and finally walked in to check it out. I got a 35$ game card which came with an extra ten bucks. That lasted my friend and I two hours of play time. My favorite was the 3d shooting zombies game. It's pretty intense. The game comes with 3d glasses but one of the glasses were broken and cracked. I hope that gets fixed soon. Another game that's pretty cool was the battle royale pacman game! It gets pretty intense with four players.I also love the esthetic of this place. The bowling balls were all color coordinated ad gives the place a really nice contemporary feel.
1	The MOST horrible service ever in the bowling area. Got to our Lane and waited for one of the servers to come take our order. After about 20 mins of waiting and still no server, I had to get up and flag one over myself. She came over, took our order etc etc. After waiting an hour, yes an HOUR.. and not even our drinks had come out but yet seeing everyone else around us getting their food, I finally got up and asked her about our order in which she insisted that it would only take a few more minutes. Okay, understandable. Maybe they're a little backed up in the kitchen? Who knows. Anyway, after about 15 more mins of waiting she comes over to our table and says "I'm sorry, but what did you guys order again?" Uhhh are you kidding me??? I proceeded to tell her and she tells me to just come with her to the register where she puts in my lane number and come to find out there is NO order even inputted into the system under that lane. I asked her if my order was even put in and she assured me that it was and that somebody else probably took my food by mistake. She told me that it would only take 10 mins at the most and everything should be out. At this point, you can imagine how irritated I already am but I go back to my table anyway and continue to wait. Finally, about 15-20 mins later, the food comes out. I ordered the blt Cobb salad and she looks at me and says, "oh, did you need silverware?" Why of course not. I was actually planning on eating my salad with my fingers. Like really????? Took her another 5 mins to bring over the silverware and by this time, I honestly lost my appetite. I have never experienced such awful service before. For the amount of money I spent there today, I expected way more. That experience alone is enough to make me not return. Btw, the garlic fries are disgusting! They came out practically soaked in oil and looking like they were 3 day old fries that they reheated in the microwave. No thanks!
1	So I received an email from Main Event's management promising a gift certificate. I figured I would give them another shot. It's been 3 weeks still no certificate.
4	I can here with some colleagues for a corporate outing. This place has something for everyone -- bar, restaurant(s), pool table, "jungle gym", arcade, the shuffling game, and of course bowling.It's spacious, clean, and modern. The bowling lanes are plentiful as are the balls. The staff seemed to be pretty attentive, especially considering the size of the group. Downside is that I can see this place getting expensive fast. And the food is so-so, but it's definitely great for a night out with friends where the focus is entertainment and not necessarily food/drinks.Bonus they were giving out free pairs of socks. Unheard of!
3	the kids liked it.  it was kind of expensive though.
4	Had a really fun time. Purchased the unlimited pass. Was able to bowl, play laser tag, and complete the ropes course several times over. Good was average. Beer was cold. A good experience, overall.
2	I came here with a group of friends on a Tuesday night. None of us have ever been here, so we really didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of things to do in such a small space. There was a full bowling alley, loads of arcade games, a prize room, a laser tag room, a pizza place, and a bar. I was a little put off by the price of one game of bowling, but the deal they had going on was great. $9.95(I think) for all night bowling, rope course, and laser tag. We were lead to our lane by a really nice girl who helped us set up our game and sent our waitress over, who was also great. The food was pretty good(for a place like this) and reasonably priced. The boys all got a beer and had no complaints. After a game of bowling we decided to try to play a game of laser tag. You sign up and then wait until its your groups turn. The sessions are 15 minutes long, which was enough time for us. You can only be in an enclosed space full of smoke and body odor for so long. It was a lot of fun, except for when the group of 40 year old men ganged up on me and my friends. We're all pretty tiny, and obviously no match for this huge group of guys chasing us around. But there wasn't much the staff could have done about that. So it was a good time, why only two stars? Before signing up for laser tag we asked to do the rope course first. The girl running the booth told us the employee who was suppose to be manning the rope course got sent home early. Ok? After our game of laser tag we sat down by the bar area and began a game of pool. We look over to the rope course, and wouldn't you know, there's a group of about 10 people up on the course. We assumed they found someone to run it, and headed over to get in line. I had to stop at the front desk to ask for my bowling shoes back sense I was wearing sandals. The girl working it asked what I needed them for, and I told her we were doing the rope course. She said ok, and then me and my friend went over to the guy who we assumed was working the course sense he was wearing a harness.The first thing I see is him with his fingers in the belt loops of another employee, the one who told us it was closed. He then proceeds to tell us that the only reason that group was up there was because they "bitched to the manager"" and had it opened up. However we weren't allowed to go up there, even though its only about 11:30 and we technically had 30 minutes to do what ever we wanted to. So he turns back to his lover and they continue canoodling. I walk back to the front desk to return my shoes, and the girl that gave them to me and her manager are standing there. I told her that the employee said it was closed , and she looks at her manager before turning to me and says "yeah I told you that you guys only had a few minutes." No, you did not tell me that. Don't try to cover up your mistake in front of your manager. I really didn't appreciate being lied to. If not for the terrible customer service I would definitely recommend the Main Event. If you don't mind being lied to then its a fun place to go.
3	This place is new so it's very clean and quite spacious.  It doesn't seem to have as many games as Dave & Busters, but I like it for it's clean atmosphere and hardwood flooring.  There is also a bowling alley there $34/hour plus $3.50 to rent shoes.  So it can get pricey - 6 people max to a lane.  They also have a slew of tables to host birthday parties and a nice pizza restaurant, too.  The hubs takes our son to Dave & Busters often and said though this place is cleaner, D&B is much cheaper and has more variety for games.  We probably won't go here that often as it is quite a drive for us but were meeting friends there this particular day.
4	Fun place for the kids.
4	I have driven past this place a few times and had no idea what it was until I popped in  yesterday to check it out.  Comparing to say, Dave & Busters, it has about 30% of the games, but also has a bowling alley and billiards in addition to the food and full bar.  Sunday through Thursday they have free billiards until 7, so of course I took advantage of that with a bucket of beer.  The help was friendly, and the place is still relatively new so everything is clean (for the most part).  I don't think I would come back to pay full price for anything here, but if it's happy hour or a promotion I could swing it for sure.  It's only a couple of blocks from where I work so it's possible this will happen sooner than later.  I munched on the southwestern egg rolls and chicken quesidilla - both were ok but neither knocked my socks off.  Still, totally worth checking out if and when the price is right!
2	My nieces had been wanting to try this place and after seeing the April/May deal, we decided to go last night about 6:30 pm. It was buzzing with kids, teenagers and families which was exactly what was expected. There was a long line to get to the counter where she was very nice but you can only get a wristband from her. So, in order to bowl, do laser tag or play on the gravity ropes, you have to go across the whole place to get signed up on a list. We were quoted an hour to bowl, laser tag was quoted at 8:45 and the ropes were booked til 10. Great...now what? So, we asked the girl working the winners circle, which is where you go sign up for everything else, how the arcade games work. Alexa told us that for 9.95, we could have unlimited games. We were like...oh neat! So, we went back up and the young man up there said that it was 9.95 for 20$. Totally makes more sense but when she originally gave us our card, it had 40$ on it. Confusing as he'll. They should tell you how long the waits are when you buy your wristband. I had enough money to keep us entertained but if they were there on their own, their allowance would have run out in the 1st 30 min. Every game was at least a dollar to play. Ridiculous. After an hour and a half, I spoke to a manager and said we were quoted an hour to bowl, it's been an hour and a half. Can we just have our money back and lo and behold!! Our name was called next.By now , it was 8:15-8:30   and we bowled 1 game and left. Its a very confusing system, and I think the management should have someone who knows what they're going at the winners circle which is the only register that needs constant attention and multi tasking skills. Nobody looked happy to work there. Also, my niece loves those claw machines and on the bling king one where you could win a watch or bracelet etc...was a total piece of junk. The claw didn't even close, not even a little bit. The other one, wouldn't close all the way. Crappy equipment, under trained staff, long wait times and managers who don't see any of this.....bad business.
2	Our first time here, came with a few of my buddies. We were checking out the place, it's huge with a lot of things to do. You would think that the bowling or laser tag hostess will be social and talk to everyone but instead they are rude and like to only socialize with one another. Our server Josh was really nice however, he changed the experience. He was really patient with us, but the bowling host didn't explain anything to us, just told us what the price was and sent us on our way and not to mention she wasn't too nice, same with the obstacle course and laser tag host. We traveled a long way to see this place and only had one good experience.
4	My sweet pea has been wanting to go for a while now so we met Sarah H and Dan H here last night for some fun. I got my sweet pea the $10 bracelet for attractions and the $20 game card for $10. We had a lot of fun playing laser tag and walking on the Sky Trail. My sweet pea even "won" a watch and two necklaces with the grabby hand game!  My only complaints would be that the happy hour isn't happy at all, just a couple if drinks and no food specials and the bowling filled up with leagues and there was a long wait list so we couldn't bowl and the attractions bracelet included it so I kind of felt like we couldn't do something we paid for. All in all, pretty good though and we will be back.
2	What an absolutely amazing concept. Video games! Bowling! Laser Tag! BEER!!!! But don't be fooled my friends because it DOES have some major issues. Although the games are awesome, they are a bit overpriced. Fine, the games are brand new and very clean so I didn't mind the prices too much. Now we get to customer service. Oh boy, that's a big issue. You come to a place like this which is super new, super clean, super flashy, and expect EVERYTHING to be super. But no no no!  We went to the main booth to get game cards and the girls there were too busy talking to each other. Almost seemed like we had inconvenienced them by interrupting their conversation. Anyway, we got our cards and went to play games. HAD A GREAT TIME! While we were playing games, we noticed it was starting to get busy. Time to relax and grab a beer. The bartender didn't really pay attention to us right away. But there were people sitting at the bar already so we assumed he was busy (although I didn't see him making any drinks). Then a waitress walked over to the bar and he started having a conversation with her. That's when I got annoyed. I finally said something and he said "Hey guys what can I get for you?" like we had just walked up or something. No "sorry I didn't see you sitting there because I was too busy flirting with this waitress" or anything like that. Anyway, we got the beer and relaxed. On my way back to the arcade area, I got curious about Main Event and decided to stop at the main booth again and ask how long it had been open and just get some general info about the place. AAAAAANNNNND....... ONCE AGAIN.... I interrupted the two girls having their conversation. Went to play air hockey. The scoring seemed to only be counting one side and not the other side. I told one of the two guys standing around between the arcade area and the air hockey area. He apologized and helped me right away without hesitation. What a breath of fresh air.I will be going back to this place again because the games are awesome. But the crew certainly needs to be retrained or replaced. They will end up hurting this business.
4	Went here with my work team for a team outing and we had a ton of fun! Just be careful though because this place has potential to be a little bit of a money pit. Some of the arcade games are a little expensive to play and you can blow through $40 in a matter of a few minutes. The laser tag was tons of fun even though I got hurt playing it. Hey, at least I won the round. Haha. There are lots of things to do here including karaoke, eating, arcade games, laser tag, and suspension lines. It's a lot of fun and great for small-large groups, birthday parties, etc.
4	I thought this place was great.  The people working here were very nice and helpful, the place seemed very clean, and it was large without being overwhelmingly large.Will return!
2	This place was cool!  The bummer is I got a skin infection from the laser tag.  I will say right now, I doubt i'll go back, and i'm probably only one of a few.  It still had to be said though, my trip to the ER wasn't worth being quiet about.
3	3 Stars! Yep, that's it. It averages out, well...on the lower side when I round down, and here's why:- The atmosphere is a 5. It has a nice setup and it's still fairly clean (most places tend to become filthy after they've been open a few months).- The life-size games (Connect Four, Ms. Pac-Man) are an easy 5. Old school games bring back childhood memories, and adult for that matter.- Laser Tag is a 2 at best. Give me something to REALLY do while I'm running around a dark room. I think they could've done better here. Wow!- The food...ehh..I'll give it a solid 3, it's nothing to brag about.- Drinks...must I go there? Holy cow! I'm only giving it a 2 due to my Stella Artois on tap! I just had the same rita made 3 times due to the sweet n sour, or lack there of. It's siphoned through the soda machine spray, so you KNOW what that means. Yes! It's watered down with that good ole Arizona non-filtered tap water! WTF?! First two were crystal clear, almost like water. I had to ask was there any Grand Marnier in the darn thing. It was watery, so she took it back. Next one was even worse. Third one, absolutely awful. Shoulda got a Stella Artois on tap to begin with! Man!
3	My hubby took me here for one of our date days...but the only reason why we were able to go was because of the deal they are having for May and June.  For $20 you can get a bracelet worth $40 in game play or you get can get unlimited play for the laser tag/bowling/sky rope course/pool...but only during the 4-hour slot from either 11-4 or 5-9.  We had thought it was unlimited every thing.  Meh.  We decided to get the video games bracelet because we didn't want to just play bowling, pool, and laser tag when we could have done that elsewhere for cheaper.  They do have a fun variety of games...the best being those that are app games like a huge Fruit Ninja and Temple Run.  It's too bad the freaky 3-D zombie game only had one set of 3-D glasses...because it could have been much scarier.  Main Event also has the typical games you could find at Dave and Busters, so we played several of those as well.  We didn't have any of their food or drinks.  But this is a new facility that is pretty clean...for now.  I would have preferred just going to D&B because of the no kids allowed after a certain hour.  It was a bit of a pain to try to and wait for certain games and have kids cut in front of you.  I doubt we will be going back since outside of the deal we got it's pretty dang expensive.
4	I was really surprise at how fun and cool this place turned out to be. Spacious and open, you don't feel like you're tripping over the little peanuts.There's plenty to keep the kids entertained from the interactive games to the mesmerizing moving floor. With a very well stocked bar, there's pool and bowling to keep you from going stir crazy. Food was surprisingly good and moderately priced. The bowling was definitely my fave part because of the animated cartoons in between each player. Pure utter entertainment. Love seeing your personalized selfies become animated clips of "cheer squad." If I wasn't in my sundress, I would recommend strapping on the harness and doing the obstacle course so you get a bird's eye view of everyone below. Definitely coming back as a group outing or family get together; on side note, perfect for teambuilding event too.
1	Horrible, terrible service.   Reserved and prepaid for 4 lanes for a bday get together.   Did not see a server for an hour despite six different  members of the party asking employees if we could order drinks and food.   The staff kept saying they would send some one right over.   Never happened.   Never going there again.
5	My company had a team-building event here. The service, food, and drinks were great. We had a great time bowling and playing laser tag. The bowling area is very clean, and we liked the option to have our pictures on the screen for each person's turn. The laser tag area was larger than I expected. We probably looked ridiculous to the kids playing in there, but we loved it.
2	We (4 adults) bought the Summer Fun Pass ($17.95/per person)+ cost of renting bowling shoes ($3.50)  for unlimited* bowling, laser tag, and rope climb on a Saturday from 4-close. I had thought that this would be a sweet deal - since the website boasts, "All-You-Can-Play FUNpass means getting as much bowling, billiards, laser tag and more as available" - well perhaps I should have read the fine print. The wait for these activities were worse than Disneyland, with a smaller payout.. Bowling was capped at 1 hour. This was not explicitly stated when we tried to reserve our lane. We were told there was a 1 hour wait for bowling - we ended up waiting two. Our lane cut out on us in the middle of a game, and even after waiting our two hours, we were unable to extend our time. We were told that, generally, you have to re-enter the 'wait' line to request more time, and cannot get more than an hour at a time - which means more waiting to switch to completely different lane . So, we ended up waiting 2 hours for less than 1 hour of bowling, which cut out in frame 4 of our 2nd game (4 people playing). I wish they would have been more upfront with wait times because we could have been playing laser tag during our wait. Initally, we waited ~30 minutes for a 15 minute game of laser tag, thinking we would be bowling shortly after. Well....since our beeper never buzzed we basically sat around unable to do anything!  If we had known, we could have signed up early for additional games - but, again, timing is terrible, so you have to just guess when you might be free. In short, we were there for ~5 hours and got in one game of laser tag and an hour of bowling. By the time we realized how to 'work the system' the waits were +2 hours for everything. It worked out to be about as much as if we'd just paid separately for each activity, so not much of a deal. I would DEFINITELY recommend avoiding Saturday, and maybe Friday, otherwise, it is just not worth it.We did not play any of the games as they were extra cost  and seemed pricey. They appeared to be priced to make you spend more money - games cost $1.10, $1.40, $1.65...$4.35 - which seem to make you spend more money on your game card since you always will generally have an uneven amount leftover. Food was OK - priced moderately, but service was slow. If I were to go back, I'd pick a weekday, and perhaps get in the queue for everything AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, but that is IF I decide to return. I'd rather just go cosmic bowling or go to Dave and Busters.
1	Do not spend your money here! Trust me, just go to Dave and Busters, this place has no idea how to operate. I was amused and irritated to see that a customer in December had a pretty similar experience to mine. If you must go, do not go on a Saturday night, huge mistake! Seemingly it seems like it will be a really fun evening, it won't be. You will spend most of the evening waiting...for things you probably won't even get to do. For example, my group had dinner first, and then bought our wristbands for the "all you can play" promotion and put our reservation in for bowling, which was an hour wait. Okay fine. We then put our name in for laser tag, more waiting. Get to play 15 minutes of laser tag. Meanwhile an hour has passed, we ask about our status on the list for bowling, we are told another 30-45 minutes wait. So we grab a drink. We attempt to play a game of pool...more waiting, not willing. So we finally get to bowl after a 2 hour wait. We are limited to 1 hour. This is very strictly enforced...so why did our 1 hour wait originally extend to 2 hours? Good question. Anyways, we are only able to get in 1 game of bowing with 4 people and get cut off in the middle of our second game with no warning. We ask if there is any way to extend our time, there answer is no. We ask how long we have to wait to play again, another 2 hours. Okay...let's try laser tag? We ask how long this wait is...you guessed it another 2 hours the employee tells us with a smirk on her face. We are done at this point. There is nothing for us to do for the 2 hour wait other than to spend more money drinking, or buy an arcade pass, which is not included in our wristband purchase. This is a very deceptive promotion, as you cannot actually do everything you want to, because everybody else wants to, and the resources are limited and poorly managed. If we had known how long the absurd waits we would be, we could have planned better, maybe got in another laser tag game, put our name in again for bowling or simply gone elsewhere. The staff doesn't seem to be too helpful to alert patrons to ridiculous system of hurry up and wait either It might be helpful to use one of the many TV screens to display how long wait times will be and where your group is in line...oh wait then people wouldn't spend more money on booze and arcade games. Thanks for the "free" socks that come with the purchase of bowling shoe rental for about $4. What a ripoff! Never going here again, also telling everyone whose willing to listen what a waste of time and money this place is. And please don't try to insult me and post an apology, use this as a learning tool and get better.
4	Went to Main event for the second time on Sunday. We tried to take the kids there on Saturday evening but it was so packed that we didn't think the unlimited laser tag, bowling, billboards and gravity ropes would be worth it. We came on Sunday afternoon instead. It was a good move as it wasn't too crowded. The deal was $15.95/person from 12-4 pm. We got there at 1 and went straight into a 15 minute game of laser tag. When it was over we went to sign up for another round. Since it wasn't super busy the girl at the counter signed us up for three straight rounds. It was really cool as we didn't even have to take off the gear for 45 minutes. All in all, we played 5 rounds of laser tag and a bunch of video games. The kids had a blast. Tons of fun. Didn't bowl or anything else this trip because the laser tag is what the kids wanted to do. However, when we arrived it looked like there were plenty of lanes available. It was definitely more crowded as you got closer to 4pm. Will be back.
5	My work had a team build event here and it was great. Donovan was a great host.  I didn't experience the issues other people had here with waiting as it was during the week.  I think having to wait it just going to happen since there is only one of these locations in the metro area.  I live an hour away and would take my kids here over Dave and busters at least during the week.  They need to build one in the north Valley like happy Valley and I-17. It would do great considering all the family communities around it. The waiting is just going to happen based on the demand of a great facilities and service. Only way to fix it is build more.  I would even have my kids birthday parties here if they were closer.
1	A friend of mine just went here and told me about a bad guest service experience she had. I remembered my review and the update I have. I was contacted by the manager and he apologized. Which was all I wanted. He offered to send me a gift card that I could print out from my email. Which was really going above and beyond to make it up to me. However I never received that email. I don't want to sound like I'm trying to get anything for free, but if you offer something to someone you already screwed over you should probably follow through.
5	We decided to take advantage of one of the summer specials on Monday night. All you can play laser tag, bowling, billboards and ropes for 9.95 from 4-12. We experienced very little wait time, most times no wait at all. Our 5 teenagers loved it and our 3year old got a card for 9.95 all the video games she could play. Of course you don't get tickets but since she is so young she didn't even realize. We also ate pizza at the pizza place. I would rate it good. Better than Peter Piper. I liked the atmosphere here on a Monday, not too many loud adults like you get at Dave and Busters.  Would go back on a weekday for sure!!
2	Upon receiving a message from Main Event I did reach out to their district manager, Steve Jackson, as requested and have not yet heard anything.Additional Update: I did receive an e-mail from Steve, the manager, who was very apologetic and seems to want to rectify this situation for guests. I was offered a gift card (as another Yelper mentioned being offered) so, when I get it I will likely go back and update this again with my second experience.
3	Fun place, ropes, laser tag, bowling, food and drinks. Went there with our team of Market America distributors. Enjoyed drunks and food but only get 3 stars due to the services.   We were bowling and couldnt get a waitress over so we could order food and drinks.  Finally got our food but no sauce for our strips and no napkins.  Had to ask.  While we were bowling the bar came down on the pins and said our time was up. We hadn't finished our game. Who does that?  Let us finish our game!  Then we are walking away and a employee asks us if we want to play another game. Really?  They wouldnt let us finish our game and then they want us to play another one?
1	The cards are a lie and the customer service is terrible here.  We were told that the cards that we bought could be used for food,  beverages and activities.  The cards specifically state this fact and we were told this repeatedly. We went to use the cards for food at a later date like we were told we could.  However,  when we went to pay they said the card cannot be used for food and beverages (even though the card specifically says this). This is not the first time we have had a negative experience.  The practices here are downright deceitful and I would not recommend this place at all.  I would give it zero stars if I could.  I will definitely not be back.
2	Absolutely no organization! Came here to celebrate a friends birthday and was immensely disappointed when people from our group were left out during a game of laser tag, because they let in too many people in that round. The young lady in charge of the game that evening was rude and not in any way helpful. They got 2 stars because of great bartender who was courteous and kept tabs on us throughout the night. Overall i would say it's a really great idea of a place but it needs some staff training asap!
4	The kids can't get enough of this place!!! We have been 3 times since moving to PHX a month ago. Right now they are saving up their allowance money to go again, because it isn't cheap!! We do the $17.99 wristband specials, but even still, they burn through the game $$ pretty quick. The food is decent, however, the drinks are very diluted and last time there was no server in the lounge area, so the manager was waiting tables. The place is super fun though.
4	I held a happy hour for my co-workers here last month. The appetizers were delicious; we ordered some nachos and a plate of onion strings.  We also got the BIG Lucky Strike Combo appetizer sampler, and that could have easily served eight people.  The platter included Buffalo Wings, mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce, sliders, tortilla chips with salsa, spinach dip and a queso dip.While we only sat and drank, the activity selection was dazzling.  I saw video games, bowling, laser tag and something they call Gravity Ropes (an elevated roper ladder type of climbing structure).  It was late afternoon so there weren't too many patrons, but everyone looked like they were having a good time.Overall we had a good visit, my only issue to bring up was that the volume of music blasting overhead was so loud that our group had to shout at each other just to communicate, which doesn't make for a very sociable outing.  Making the music louder doesn't automatically equate to a more fun environment; the two are not directly proportionate.  I'd suggest maybe turning down the speaker volume from an 11 to a 8.
5	I thought this place was great! I got the summer pass & felt as though I got my money's worth. Bowling atmosphere was great. We played around with their camera option on the bowling monitors. Laser tag was fun, but they didn't give out official start times so I felt as though the game wasn't fair or didn't have official "sides". (Hey laser tag is competitive). Ropes was fun tooWe only ordered the thai wings & parmesean garlic fries. Those were so good!!! If I were to complain about anything, it would be the price of their drinks, but then again I'm from Michigan so I don't know how things price out here in Arizona.
1	We went here yesterday for the first, and last time. The customer service is absolutely inexcusable. When you first walk in there's a kind gentleman to greet you and that's where the courtesy ends. I have never seen such a disinterested staff. It was as if they were all there against their will. They were poorly trained, they had no customer service skills, and they all just.. Sucked. But that is what confuses me. How can every single one of them be so horrible? Is it the training, the manager, the person who hires them? Looking back, I think maybe it is just the fact that this place is so poorly organized and they feel the stress of the confusion just as we customers did. You see, first we went to one counter to buy a pass.  Then we took that over to an intriguing looking rope course. We get in line for the ropes course and when we get to the front the kid working tells us that we first have to check in at the counter in the room where the kids redeem their prize tickets. So after we waited 20 minutes for all these kids to decide what they wanted to get with their tickets, it's finally our turn to say hey we bought this pass and we're going to go on this ride now is that okay with you? And the girl says sure I can get you on in about 40 minutes. What the hell? There was no one on the course. You buy these passes in blocks of time so if there's a 40 minute wait, I'm only gonna get on once anyway. Side note re: paying in blocks of time- prepay for 3 hours, 5 hours, I'll do that, but to just say you can only pay for up until 4:00 and yet charge me the full price when I come in at 3:00, makes your already high prices highway robbery. Video games look great, they really do they have some brand new state-of-the-art fun looking game but here's the kicker- one game costs $1.63 to play. Another is $1.88. Why not make them one price? And why so expensive??? It was infuriating. I don't know how the food was because my drink was $3.19 and I was done giving them my money. Overall, the rope course looked kind of neat but this place had not one other redeeming quality and I see no reason to return.
1	I visited Main Event with co-workers on Thursday.  We were all very excited to enjoy happy hour after a long week.   Unfortunately, the service left a lot to be desired.   It wasn't busy and our table was dirty.    The waitress did not offer any happy hour specials. We had to ask.   Once we placed our orders,  she literally brought one item to the table at one time.   We had to flag her down for drinks.   There were six of us and she brought only 3 plates and 2 sets of silverware.  The food was good but drinks were way over priced. I will not go back for happy hour but I will return to enjoy bowling and games.
1	Such a terrible waste of time :( I have suffered through a personal outing here with friends and then again for a company event. Because of the slow service, rude and un-attentive staff, LONG wait times to bowl or do anything really... Dozens of people from the group started leaving in huge waves. The clients paid so much for this and their group was having a terrible time! Ugh. Don't do group events here... These people don't know what the heck they are doing ! Don't even waste your own money going here with a date or small group of friends
4	I had a great time here hanging out with my friends. We came here over the weekend to enjoy the $20 all you can play Labor Day deal. The package came with unlimited bowling, laser tag, pool, shuffle board, and the ropes course. The laser tag here is awesome! No basic troubles with the guns or vests working properly and the course is two levels! The scheduling staff was very helpful and mad ensure that my party had something to do the entire time we were there. In addition to the previously mentioned this Main Event location also has a ton of new arcade games, a full bar, kitchen and a pizza restaurant. Although I personally did not eat anything while we were there the food all looked pretty typically of what I would expect from an establishment like the Main Event.Pretty cool place. I wish this location also had the rock climb wall and the mini golf that is listed on their main website.
1	I was NOT a fan of this place. At 1st I thought hey cool place but quickly changed my mind. The bowling sucks because you have to pay for the hour and then you get kicked off your lane. The drinks were terrible I guess the waitress said something was wrong with the lines. Nope nope not coming back here. Waste of money.
1	Very expensive on Saturdays. $8 per half hour for pool. $34 for bowling, $4 for each shoe, arcade games are from $1 and up. It was shiny but for the price we can get this stuff elsewhere.
1	If you're Black or Hispanic don't expect to run a tab. You will have to pay as you go or pay upfront. I wish I would have read the reviews before I wasted my time coming here. The server we had was rude and a liar. The manager wasnt any better. I will never come here again.
5	I just took my staff here for our holiday party and it was awesome!  I guess that on Sundays, or at least the day we went our passes were for all day play, so I felt like I got my money's worth for sure.  The food was good, our service was great and the laser tag was so much fun!  I can't wait to go back.  Don't let the rope gravity fool you, if you are afraid of heights it is a bit scary.  I couldn't finish it the first time, but faced my fears and finished the second time!  Overall I thought it was great!
1	We reached out to Main Event to plan a high school reunion. The first attempt, I didn't hear back from anyone so I called a couple more times. I finally spoke to someone who emailed me options. I spoke to her again and she said for a reunion we didn't need to make a deposit until about 2 weeks prior to event. I called back to book it and was told by someone else they needed the money the day we booked. We contacted Dave and Buster's who worked with us and we had an AWESOME event.
5	I planned a holiday TeamBuilder at Main Event. This was the easiest time I've ever had in creating a fun activity for my team. They took care of everything, were very clear on the pricing, and happy to customize our food to meet our dietary needs. When I arrived I had a specific individual assisting, Jeremy was courteous and polite. Tory our banquet server was accommodating and effective. I would recommend Main Event for  company events. It was fantastic.
1	Service:  Glacial.  Food:  Cold.  On a Friday at noon?   Give me a break.  The kid loves the place but I won't be hurrying back.  Over priced, over hyped, but now with Magic Disappearing Servers (tm)
4	Main Event is a blast. Pricey, but a blast. Main Event is a Dave and Busters style entertainment complex principally featuring bowling, laser tag, a rope climbing course, and arcade games. The place is rather high end, but not excessively so- theres table side service at the bowling alley, but not to the extent seen at posher places (a welcome relief, multiple course meals need not be at a bowling alley).  Thankfully, everything is super clean. The price of entry here can be on a per-game or unlimited pass basis. The former is about $6/person for laser tag or ropes and $26/hour for bowling or something like $40+ per person for unlimited. In other words, you can easily make things cheaper with the unlimited pass, if you have the stamina. The food here is good for bowling alley food. I would not want anything simpler or more complex. I tried the garlic fries, which were slathered in butter. Normally, that would be a problem... but they were delicious.  There is also lots of alcohol available, though I wouldn't recommend drinking it in conjunction with some of the more energetic games (e.g. laser tag). The laser tag here is manic and fun. I couldn't help but shake the idea that some people were way into it and played it way too much, but that added to it. It was fun to get my butt kicked! Note, however, that the place had major stank - some people had overwhelming BO. Bowling was great. The lanes were excellent, the machines fast and fun, and the software on the scoreboard was entertaining (you can take pictures and get statistics!). The arcade games are good but could be better. No DDR, but Pump it Up was present. Lots of ticket games, which are kinda lame. The driving games were a blast. All machines are retrofitted with credit card like readers, which might have been done to add price - a single driving game was $1.75(!)All in all, this place was an expensive blast.
3	Good times. I went here with my work for a holiday party. There was almost no one there which is nice when you want to do whatever you want without a wait.  The bowling alley is the highlight of this place. There are many lanes.  They have the newest arcade games on the market and they were pretty cool. The games were cool , but too damn expensive. It was about $1.25 on average for every game there which is pretty ridiculous. I can see paying that on the newer games, but even the timeless classics like basketball were that price.  The food is shit. A friend got the pizza and it was terrible.  Hamburgers were gross. I got a salad. Wait, actually I got dressing with a side of lettuce. Nasty. Everyone I was with tried something different and not one person liked anything they got practically. This place is a cool concept, but I wouldn't come back. Dave and Buster's is way better if I wanted to go to a place like this again.
1	At first I thought this place was awesome...then they sell you on a wristband package to be able to do unlimited activities there. Sounds great right? But you don't know what surprise you're in for! We had a group of 5 all purchasing the wristband spending about $125. A couple reasons why this place is getting a bad review. 1) it's not even busy and they tell you 2 hour waiting listen to bowl. 2) it's not really convenient to order food and keep getting moved around and move lanes if you're bowling. 3) no one really has all day to get on a wait list, so that is where they rip off your party. 4) the service is just ok 5) it's actually cheaper paying for what you want to play. For example, we bowled 3x, it would have only been $90 average instead of getting the wristband. It's not busy and they make you wait 2 hours! Wow! Rip off! See the photo!
5	This is THE BEST entertainment building in all of Arizona. They have a HAZMAT-themed lazer tag room (kind of scary, but I'm a chicken), a climbing structure that you walk on a rope, and your belted in, but what if you fall??? I got right back down to the ground once I realized I had little support and I was close to the ceiling. They have a futuristic bowling alley with color-changing lights and touchscreen computers. No one stares if you can't resist doing telekinesis to win the game like I did. The food is amazing with good soda and gelato!!!!!I would go here, even though it is more expensive. It is MUCH better than Amazing "Dingy Jakes" Jake's!It is over-the-top fun.
3	My coworkers and I went here for a holiday party. We went there early so there was really no one there. My team and I got to bowl and that was a lot of fun. The lanes were clean and so was the entire bowling area. Our waiter was really nice and prompt. The games were pretty expensive, but I guess there's nothing you can do about that, except not play. The food wasn't that great. Glorified fast food. I will not be coming back for the food. The food is a little overpriced for what you get and the taste, but when in Rome. You'll have fun, but don't expect too much.
1	This place has a lot of cool stuff but it is over priced and you have to wait for an hour to do anything there. The bowling game is limited to an hour and will shut off on you when your time is up regardless of where you are in your game. The gravity ropes were a two hour wait. Not worth the time or money.
1	I was excited to try this place. Facility is very nice.  We bought New Years Eve package included everything but arcade.  We had a good time, however, we bowled for over an hour and not one waitress checked on us. I'm very disappointed in the service.
