4	It's Sunday night and I forget that it's family night for most folks in Las Vegas.  Joe and I had no choice but to go to Olive Garden for dinner last night.  I'm not complaining since the food is always quick and good.  This one is a little different to all the other Olive Garden's I've been to - the atmosphere is a little bit more posh and high class than the other restaurants.  When you walk in, like every Olive Gardens, there people who open the door for you and greet you hello and bid you goodbye.You have a choice of being seated or going to the bar.  That's what we decide to do, have the bartender wait on us.  Besides, it's easier to just holler at him than wait for a server to come back to you.  It was a nice looking bar, granite, and comfortable high chairs.  It was just hard to  move the chairs out to sit on them and move them close to the bar.  Our bartender gave us decent service.  As soon as we sat down, he offered us something to drink.  I think he was disappointed that we just wanted water at first.  But, he delivered.  Our menus were placed in front of us gently after we had requested for them.  After skimming through the appetizers, we decided to get the Bruschetta.  A traditional topping of roma tomatoes, fresh basil and extra-virgin olive oil. Served with toasted ciabatta bread - $6.35.  It was just okay for me.  I love tomatoes but this really didn't impress me all that much.  After a while, our bartender came over and asked us if we were ready for our alcoholic beverage.  I knew I wanted to drink some wine but didn't know what.  So, he was kind enough to give us some samples.  Samples = free = awesome!!!  So, I got curious about Principato, the red one.  We tried it, and it was pretty good.  Not too strong and simple in the taste buds.  But, for some reason I just wanted something more bold and rustic.  So we had a 2003 Super Tuscan Villa Antinori imported from Italy - $9.95 per glass.  That was so good.  It was really strong tho.  But, I couldn't put it down.  So, that's what we stuck with.  Finally, we had ordered our entree's.  I decided to get the Braised Beef & Tortelloni - Tender sliced short ribs and portobello mushrooms tossed with asiago-filled tortelloni in a basil-marsala sauce $13.75.  This was just okay.  I should've gotten the Ravioli di Portobello - Portobello mushroom-filled ravioli in a creamy smoked cheese and sun-dried tomato sauce $11.95.  This is my most favorite through out the entire restaurant.  But, I wanted to venture out.  Joe decided to get the Steak Gorgonzola-Alfredo - Grilled beef medallions drizzled with balsamic glaze, served over fettuccine tossed with spinach and gorgonzola-alfredo sauce.  Steak prepared medium unless otherwise requestedm $15.50.  This is pretty good and filling.  We couldn't finish it so we boxed it and took it home.Pros:  *  Great service.*  Awesome food.*  free samplers on wine.*  very clean.*  servers and employees are always smiling.*  high class feeling but laid back at the same time.*  large portions.  Enough to bring home for lunch the next day.Cons:*  chairs are hard to maneuver.*  wine glass is small.  I was expecting a bigger glass for red wine.I'd go back to this one again.  I like the food a lot.  I would choose this Olive Garden over the one on E. Flamingo and North Las Vegas any day.
5	Best Olive Garden I've ever been too! I was never a big fan of Olive Garden in Fresno (where I'm from) but I thought I'd take my girlfriend there for a nice night out.  WOW!  We had to wait a bit (they always have people waiting, a sign its a good place to eat) but after we sat down the waitress was SO nice and the breadsticks actually had flavor unlike Fresno.  The food was served quickly and tasted GREAT!  Even as busy as they were they were very prompt, always happy and even gave us extra Andes mints in the end. Nice!
4	If you are out at the Red Rock & everything is busy or you are feeling like some good italian food & family atmosphere otr maybe just wanna get away from the casino for awhile.Go across the street to Olive Garden. The pasta is great, the salad & breadsticks are great and so is everything else on the menu.This time I tried the chianti braised ribs over portabello mushroom risotto and it was out of this world.One of the best locations I have ever been to.
3	Better than others!Inside just has a different feeling and setup, kind of feels like a foreign house? Its split into small eating areas giving it a cozy ambiance. Might feel cramped to some but I'm skinny and had no problem moving around.Good prices and slightly larger feeling portions, I'm a pig but left STUFFED.Service was alright but the waiter seemed to be faking an accent -_- but I did not mind leaving a nice tip for such a nice evening. In fact, that's how i would describe this OG, nice. Others feel like low end restaurants trying too hard or lacking, this one does it right, even the outside looks better than others! But still an Olive Garden in the end...
3	This is your typical Olive Garden, which is good or bad, depending on whether or not you like Olive Garden.  I happen to enjoy their food.  I ordered the Shrimp and Asparagus Risotto.  The rice was undercooked, but the overall flavor of the dish was excellent.  You probably need to go to a more traditional Italian restaurant to get good risotto (or make it yourself, which I have done a couple of times).  The Pasta E Fagioli was awesome as always.
4	My favorite location, Summerlin right across from Red Rock Resort.  Olive Garden's food is good, but the tiramisu dessert is the reason why I keep coming back.
5	I live about a mile away and I'm very happy coz this is the only location that's NOT GHETTO :-)
3	This is a pretty good Olive Garden, but it's still Olive Garden. People, don't get ahead of yourselves. This review is for Valentine's Day, 2010. This Olive Garden doesn't take reservations, like most Olive Gardens, so we waited an hour for our table like the rest of Summerlin. I took this as my excuse to get some alcohol in my system.There were three bartenders on staff, which is not enough when you consider they were also mixing for the house. I am understanding, and felt my bartender gave service above and beyond, considering. I did not much care for the pom margarita, but it got the job done.Which is basically what you can say of the food. It's good, but for the price we could go to a non-chain Italian place and get better food/better service.I've been to this Olive Garden dozens of times. We'll go back, because this is where my parents like to eat, and this one has good service and food despite being the mega-church of Olive Garden. But there are better choices in this neighborhood for the price.
3	Typical Olive Garden.  Good food.  Poorly designed lobby with nowhere to wait for a table.
3	The Olive Garden is one of those chain restaurants that I just can't help returning to for great tasting food at a reasonable price.  It's not always healthy food, but I love Italian-style food in general, and Olive Garden serves some tasty dishes.Most of the time I go here it is to take advantage of their Soup, Salad & Breadsticks lunch special.  You get as much as you want of each for just $7.95.  Usually I get the Minestrone soup because it is vegetarian, but I have tried the Zuppa Toscana, which is rich and delicious, but also high in calories and cholesterol. I only occasionally go in the evening because the dinner menu is more expensive (most entrees are in the $15-20 range), but all the ones I've tried have been very good.  And after filling up on salad and breadsticks, I always end up taking at least half the entree home, so it's like I'm getting two meals for that price.According to one of the waiters who recently served my friend and me, most of their meat cuts do not contain nitrates, although certain cuts do.  If you want to avoid it, just ask your waiter.  Ours was very helpful. Also, for the gluten-sensitive, there are gluten-free menu options.This is one of the newer locations, and it's often crowded, but I've never had a very long wait or any problems with the service.
2	The Skinny: overcooked pasta, wilted iceberg are the result of watching too much TV (2) service was actually not bad considering (4) value: two never ending pasta bowls,$20... feeling like a sucker...priceless. This is the problem when you watch late night TV. You're watching old reruns of Star Trek Next Gen and then a commercial comes on advertising the never ending pasta bowl. The next thing you know, we find ourselves in front of the local OG. Curses. My susceptible mind is weak to the lure of salad and bread sticks. We both order the pasta bowl special for $8.95. We remembered Misti Y's tale about $4 marinara dipping sauce and vehemently declined the offer. (Our waitress did not disclose the cost to us also...sketchy...). My hubby starts with the chicken/gnocchi soup and I start mowing down my first salad bowl. The soup lacked dumplings and seasoning. The salad was limp from being out in the Vegas climate too long. My hubby ordered orrichete with Parmesan portabello sauce while I tried their Chianti meat sauce with whole wheat linguine. Subsequent order included a penne with the Chianti meat sauce. The parmesan sauce was bland albeit the portabello flavours did come through. The Chianti meat sauce has less acidity than their regular meat sauce but again bland. The pasta was not al dente and overly soft. The whole wheat linguine was broken down into 2 inch strands that wouldn't twirl on a fork. I speared a penne pasta and just watched it droop on my utensil . Gives a whole new concept of limp noodles. You know that you've been had when the best part the meal is the chocolate mint at the end. Overall there's a reason we haven't been to the OG for a long time. A 2 starred review.
4	I know, they're a chain restaurant, but the Chicken Alfredo is my favorite and not any other restaurant that I've been to can beat it! I like this location, it's nearby to a few stores that just so happen to be my favs, i.e. Marshalls, Borders, Best Buy... So after of hours of spending some time and cash at those places, it's pretty nice to be able to end a shopping day with Olive Garden. Like I said, my fav dish is the Chicken Alfredo. The way they cook the chicken is pretty inconsistent but I like their Alfredo sauce. I've tried their other Alfredo dishes, seafood, but it tends to taste too-- fishy? Does that make sense? LOL I have no idea if it's the poor quality of the seafood that they buy but it just does not go well w/ their sauce. So as much as I love trying new things, I always play it safe w/ my chicken Alfredo. Along w/ the Chicken Alfredo, I love that they have endless breadsticks and salad or soup, YUM.I hearts this place.
4	I've come here quite a few times and each time has been pretty good experience. I guess my only complaint is that they don't give you anything complimentary for your birthday. I was a little surprised about that since it's a chain restaurant. We came here for my brother's birthday, told them it was his birthday and the waitress said, "oh, happy birthday!'I'm glad I learned about the dipping sauce trick elsewhere, so I was never had at this location. The service is always fast, the wait has never been long for me, the food is usually good, and the atmosphere is peaceful.
2	This place really is horrible... Every time I wind up getting convinced to go here, I always walk out feeling like my pocket has been picked. The food isn't "bad," but at roughly $25-$30 per person, there are SO many better places to eat. To hell with Olive Garden.And this particular one has the worst-smelling parking lot in Las Vegas... every time I drive by (to go to B.J.'s nearby, which is a thousand times better), it smells like a sewer main broke or something. 2 stars only because the wait staff is friendly.
4	Great soup and salad
3	Italian food is my favorite and I love nice and soft bread sticks with their salad. Love eating at olive garden, but i thought this place didn't really have that good service that I usually get at other olive garden.
4	This is a busy location but the quality of food is always good although they do tend to run low on breadsticks which can cause a problem if you are with a hungry group.  The Alfredo dipping sauce is top notch and I usually go with which ever special they are advertising on tv.  You can't go wrong dining here.  Prices are just right and service is usually good.
2	so i normally like olive garden being what it is. but this time it was not at all a pleasant experience. because when i asked  for a refill on the bread sticks they never came back either did our waitress. then we finished our food 30 minuets later she magically appeared and was like " oh how was your meal  is there anything else i can get for you" and my response was "yeah more bread sticks that i asked for 30 min ago" she then was gone again for another 15 min and only came back with 3 bread sticks and the check and no reason to why or what took so long. also i never even asked for the check.
2	My mother swears by this place, and I love to take her there.  Unforunately, Olive Garden is another chain restaurant that tries its best to be theme-ingly delicious.  I hate themed restaurants for that very reason. Frozen pastas, jarred sauces and mediocre food on a pretty plate is just that.  call me picky, but I prefer to avoid this place as often as possible.  Given that this place has its moments, but unless they start doing things fresh, I won't change my star rating.
4	This is a four star review for the OG.I won't hate on this chain. Mostly because I've learned to appreciate the art of chain eating. I am a foodie, and that means appreciating culinary art at locally owned restaurants, but also indulging at chain restaurants that succeed on processed, frozen foods just because it's fun.On this particular night, I was exhausted from unpacking my stuff, and wanted to have a fun meal out with my parents. We chose this location, and it lived up to my OG expectations.Service was great, and the food was A-Ok.Was it the best, most authentic Italian food ever? No. Did I expect that? No.Did it do the job? Yes.Come on guys, the salad, breadsticks, and mediterranean chicken makes for a pretty nice meal.I'm coming back.
4	The food is good and the service is excellent, especially compared to the Cheyenne location. I had terrible service at Cheyenne location but enjoy the Olive Garden so we come here even though it's about 3 times as far. Either the servers are just better or management knows more about customer service because this Olive Garden is always great to us. Great server, hostess, and Management makes the longer drive well worth it.
4	Consistently decent food at a fair value.  This OG is near to Red Rock Casino so it is a great stop for dinner or lunch.  Of course the salad and breadsticks are awesome.  Ten times better than Nellis street in Vegas
3	Yes it's a chain. And who hasn't eaten here? The food is decent, the atmosphere is not annoying, staff is usually good. So why not eat here every once in a while when you don't want to cook and want something familiar. I still love their all you can eat salad and breadsticks. They seem to take some of my favorites off the menu, but I have my stand by Chicken Parm.
1	The food is the same it doesn't change.  3 stars sound about right not good but not to bad either.Where they lose all credibility is in the service.  I'm just going to give you the highlights.* 15 minutes before we gave our drink order* 15 more before we gave our food order* 30 before our salad came and when it came it was spilled all over me* 2 minutes later they were bringing our entrees* 5 minutes after that we brought out our replacement salad* no bread sticks* and finally my glass of water was never refilled.Before we received the check a manager came over and asked if everything was okay.  The waiter and I both told her a salad was spilled on me.  Her response was good I'm glad you enjoyed it.  What!?!
1	I am going to write two reviews for dinner here. First thing of the hostesses, named heather and jennifer. Walked in and had to literally clear my throat to get them to look up from texting. They told me the wait time and gave me a pager. Watching them interact with other guests was painful. They continually were ignoring guests, laughing loudly and texting. Horrible customer service.
4	Olive garden, more like I love garden. lol ok, this place is famous for there endless breadstick and salad. If you can stop from eating this which is so hard to do, the food is awesome! I sometimes ask for substitutions on my orders like to add chicken or a different sauce, and I have never had a problem. They are always friendly and always recommending different things to try.... I usually go for dinner so I can't speak about the lunch menu.
4	I'm such a sucker for certain chain restaurants, because I know I'll consistently like their food.  Olive Garden is one of them.  Especially, when they advertise new pasta dishes, sauces, and the never ending pasta bowl.  One can never go wrong going to lunch there for their all you can eat soup, salad, and breadsticks for $7.95.OG favorites are the salad, breadsticks, alfredo dipping sauce (for the breadsticks), zuppa toscana, and the chianti braised short ribs!The only reason I give it four stars is because this location is always clean, consistent, professional, and not in a sketchy area.  I also believe this location has outdoor seating.  Other bonus points for this location are that it is nestled in with other restaurants such as BJ's Brewhouse, Agave, Islands Fine Burgers, and L&L Hawaiian BBQ.  The only downside of this location is, while their servers/staff are always friendly and helpful, they sometimes seem overworked in a sense they are servicing too many tables and can't keep up.  It's really nothing to complain about because I see the staff are definitely busy attending to other tables and, after all, it's Olive Garden, not Ferraro's.  Low and behold, Olive Garden is a great chain restaurant with good food and cheap prices!
4	I'm a big pasta fan and I've yet to find another place out here in Vegas that does pasta the same if not better. I'm still looking but until that day comes I'm going to Olive Garden. I love their soup too. Lets get those wait times down come I can come during my lunch break and I'll be super happy!
2	I was quite disappointed and the meal should have been worth $10 instead of $30. Quality of Mediterranean pasta dish and appetizer (mushroom, calamari, chicken fingers) went down significantly. Last time I ate at this branch was a year ago and such a difference. 2 stars is for the good service. I  felt like I overpaid.
1	The worst customer service eveerrrrr, they are super slow and it takes forever to bring food, didn't like it at allllllllllllllllllllllllll
3	For some reason the last time I ate here the quality of food was much better... About 2 years ago.  Ordered a platter of appetizers (stuffed mushrooms-acceptable, fried calamari-below average quality, fried zucchini-terrible) and Cape di Mare for the main entree.. Acceptable.What made it worst was the service, we sat in the bar thinking that we will be served faster but it's the other way around.  The waitress took 10 minutes to give us the menu, 5 minutes to give us a drink, 15 minutes to give us a bread, 10 minutes for soup and salad to arrive, another 15 minutes for the appetizers to come. Though the waitress offered to refill our drinks and check on us from time to time, the overall waiting time for the food to come out was disappointing.
4	The OG has been consistent with their food throughout the years. You can get full off their soup, salad and breadsticks quite easily. Their entree prices have definitely increased for the past couple of years, but I guess it's the way the economy is going. Service isn't too terrible and they are quite efficient when it comes to bringing out your appetizers, salad and soup. I would definitely say not bad for a chain restaurant and you can definitely leave full!
4	I'm by no means a fan of Olive Garden, but I had a gift card burning a hole in my pocket and it happened to be endless pasta bowl time so there's no better time to visit.We arrived at lunch time and were quickly seated and our waitress arrived to take our drink order. She was very pleasant and friendly. We ordered and our soup, salad and bread sticks arrived swiftly. Our pasta arrived with perfect timing as our salad and soup were being taken away. The food was decent. Not the best Italian, obviously. But it'll do in a pinch and you always know what you're going to get. Service was top-notch and we never had to flag down a waiter or waitress to refill a drink or replace a fork. Everyone, including the people who brought out our food and the hostess were warm and friendly. Service is what gets chain restaurants higher marks in my book.
3	I have gone to Olive garden for years, and maybe for lack of other Italian style restaurants....well now there is Romano's, Buca, and so forth.I've gone in high school for military ball, for my child's birthday (at her request!), and just for dinners...This time we went just for lunch, specifically for soup, salad, breadsticks lunch. Another unbeatable lunch combo, and we were literally in and out within 45 min. Food is really good here, especially since I'm a sucker for all things pasta.They have great cocktails and wines, and there is a bar in here if you just want to go have a drink and no food.Also the coffee specialty drinks are great. SO is the tiramisu. I think it's getting a bit pricey, but honestly it's competitive to what else is out there for the same type of food/atmosphere.
4	Good cheap Italian food. Very convenient. Good bar selection. Don't expect a five star restaurant and you will be pleased with the quality and price.
5	Best Olive Garden I have been to!
3	Friend and I ordered soup/salad for lunch. I had the gnocchi soup, friend had pasta fagioule. My soup was perfectly creamy with cream, mozarella, herbs, and a generous portion of gnocchi. Companion seemed please with soup too. Service was good. Waitress was attentive, but not overly. The salad is long overdue for an upgrade. Iceberg lettuce? Need I say more.
2	I don't know if Olive Garden went down down down in food quality or if it's always just been bad. Haha In high school we used to always eat at Olive Garden and it was so delicious! My most recent visit the service was not good, Zoupa Toscana was too salty, salad looked old and my ravioli was nothing special ... Hmmm sorry OG even your unlimited soup & breadsticks can't save you~
2	Soup and salad deal is awesome, but overall I am not a big fan.Its cheap and acceptable on every level.  Mediocre at best for me.I don't know what I don't like about it, but its not the food, its the fake job here, it feels sterile and fake for Italian food.     I always enjoy the food, but not the feeling it leaves me with...sorry, maybe its just me.   Give it a try, I know people that swear by it.  I swear to always go somewhere else.Its like Mcdonald's, its my last stop, under duress, that I choose it, and its just ok, its food! I prefer an italian sub shop that's authenic to this mass produced italian.It is what it is.....enjoy!
4	Our server was extremely accommodating, and that is more than half the experience for my picky, needy self.  She was happy to substitute the eggplant parm in place of the chicken parm so we could split the tour of Italy and each have what we wanted.  Also, Alicia was on-point with our refills, timing between courses, (we weren't rushed through lunch) and numerous special requests.As for the restaurant itself, this Olive Garden is newer and nicer than any I have ever been to.  The food was delicious and up to the usual par of Darden Restaurants.  Now, if I could only find a way to get them to have better quality lettuce.....I would be willing to pay more.
2	I used to be a big fan, but lately this restaurant went down hill food, service, but prices are up. we waited for about 45 min before being seated. while waiting a bartender came out to the crowd and offered wine samples, which was helpful in passing the time. As we set down, the waiter was there immediately and barely let us take our jackets off as she was pressing us to order something.... we asked for an appetizer, but as we are trying to eat healthier, less then 2 min later we asked her to cancel the appetizer. her answer was - I already put it in. My husband said that since the place was so full, i doubt that the kitchen already started on it. so she went back and canceled it. Normally it seems that we have to wait to put our order in, but the waitress was next to our table barely letting us view the menu. It felt like we were extremely rushed to eat and get out as they had other people waiting in the lobby. Our salad and soup came in and less then 5 min later entrees arrived. We had no time to enjoy our salad.  The highlight of the visit was when a waiter came to the table next to ours and put his behind almost on our table and into my husband's face. Then some big lady did the same.  Olive Garden now seems like a money hungry factory with the goal of taking your money after stuffing your face with cheap pasta. One positive - zuppa Toscana is still the best soup around. I have learned to make it at home, so wont be coming back to Olive Garden anytime soon.
3	When I got here it was extremly busy and the wait was 30 min. Or I could just sit at the bar with no wait. I sat at the bar of course. The unlimited soup and breadsticks are awesome. Although the thing that had gotten to me was the service. There were two bartenders taking peoples orders/drink orders. One was very good and the other just dropped the ball on every level. You already know which one I had gotten. Thankfully the awesome bartender picked up the slack and I went with him for the rest of the night and it definitely saved the experience. Food was okay. It wasn't as good as I remembered. I got some eggplant pasta and it was meh. Nothing particularly stood out. Awesome bartender is awesome and just a chill dude in general that defnitely knew how to provide a good experience which bumped this up to 3 stars.
4	I liked their 3 course $12.95 special! I asked for chicken with sauce on the side and they provided it no problem! However we kept having to hunt down the waiter which was annoying. Decent food for the price and they always have great specials!
2	I am not a huge fan of Olive Garden because the healthy choices seem rather limited, but it's a decent place to visit on a budget for a big group.My last experience a few days ago was incredibly lackluster. The server was very nice and I appreciate nice people who are in the service industry. You'd think that would be a given, but it's definitely not always the case. She was a very nice server and knowledgeable about the menu but she did forget a few of our requests from the table more than once. Other than that, the 2 stars are in regard to the food.Food: Really bad. I started with the Seafood Bordetta. I like to eat healthy and that was one of the few choices from the menu (which of course was the priciest). For a whopping $18,95 (pretty pricey for Olive Garden) I was willing to pay the high price for a healthy and tasty meal. The server told me that it was the better of my two options - the other being the Lasagna Pomodora. I was so disappointed. The scallops were rubbery, the shrimp was way too chewy, and the smell of fish was incredibly pungent. After I tried a few bites, I simply couldn't take it anymore. I LOATHE sending dishes back, but for $19, I couldn't throw it away. I asked to substitute the dish with my second choice, the Lasagna Pomodora. I should've gotten that dish in the first place because it was delicious. The portion was really small for a dinner course but delicious none the less. I like my portions smaller anyway because I don't like leftovers.Overall, this is the 2nd time at this Olive Garden that I have been disappointed with the food. The wine is overpriced and the wait for the food is too long. The good points are the servers and the manager. I wouldn't return if I had the choice.
3	There are many other pasta places in town that I'd choose over Olive Garden. But they boyfriend had a gift card and free money is free money, right? The night before we ran a 5K, we decided to pay OG a visit and carb up. There was about a 15 minute wait when we arrived on a Friday night. Looking around, there were plenty of tables opened, but I guess they were short on staff. A couple of booths were open at the bar area along with plenty of bar seating but we were never offered a spot there. We decided to wait it out. No biggie. Our server provided speedy service. No complaints here. They had a great deal going on: three course Italian dinner for $12.95.Appetizer: You can choose from unlimited salad or soup. I chose the salad. Your typical appetizer salad. My boyfriend got chicken gnocchi soup. This was alright. Gnocchi had a grainy consistency to it. But the soup was tasty. He finished the bowl. Hot and fresh breadsticks were also brought out. No sauce. Sauce is an extra charge. Entree: I got the three cheese ravioli. Your typical ravioli. I really wish I had hot sauce to give it some flavor. I should seriously carry a bottle of hot sauce in my bag at all times for this! Anyways, my boyfriend got the Penne di Mare. This is pretty good. Small pieces of shrimp with cream sauce over penne pasta. Apparently, scallops were supposed to be in this dish. I didn't see any, but the dish definitely had the scallop-seafoody taste. Dessert: I got the chocolate mousse cake. Pretty darn decadent. I think this was the best part of the meal. But then again, I love anything chocolate. Give me chocolate and I'm easily satisfied. Boyfriend got the strawberry and white chocolate dolcini. This is way too sweet. Stay away. Overall experience was alright. We got what we came for (carbs, carbs, carbs) and left with a full belly. But the next time I come here will be only when I have a gift card to spend freely.
2	I only ever go to this Olive Garden when I have a gift card. The couple of times I ate inside the service was terrible and too many things went wrong to mention. I did bring it up to the manger. I decided from then on out I would only use the curbside to go and only like I mentioned, if I have a gift card.I decided to get the "Soup, Salad & Bread Sticks" deal and a side of the "Alfredo Dipping Sauce". I found the curbside parking and waited. And waited. And waited. I know it doesn't take that damn long to ladle some soup in a bowl, gather some bread sticks and container me some of that store bought salad mix. So, I got my food and headed home. I thought the salad looked yummy but it didn't taste yummy. The soup was good though. I loved the bread sticks and alfredo sauce. I just wish for $3.75 they weren't so stingy with it! They give you this cup that could clearly hold decent amount yet they put like a little layer in it.The curbside is convenient if they can bring your food in a timely manner.
4	Olive Garden is the place to go for moderately priced, tasty Italian fare.  Famous for their bread sticks and endless salad, they now have a buy one, take one for $12.95.  What a deal! This particular location in Summerlin, is the best Olive Garden in Vegas. worth driving off strip for.
4	I love their pasta, breadsticks, and salads here.  Their food is top notch.  Too bad they charged us for every time I dipped my breadstick into marinara sauce, resulting in an extra fee just for sauce.  And honey, don't even think about having a birthday here.  They charge you for the whole shish-kabob.
4	The server makes the night so often, and tonight Breanne did such a great job!  She was there whenever we needed her, positive, but didn't over do it. Food was decent. The chicken parmigiana was sort of soggy, I think that is because they ore make them (not fresh), but I love the zuppa Toscana soup.
2	Went here for lunch the other day with a friend.  I'm not a big fan of OG to begin with, but my friend wanted to go there so I said ok.  I ordered the soup, salad and breadsticks.  My friend also had salad with her lunch. I got the minestrone soup and it was decent.  I finished that, and the waitress asked me if I wanted some more soup, I said, no thank you. Can you bring some more salad? I was almost done with it and was planning on sharing more with my friend.  The salad never showed up.  She came back to refill my drink with some weird flavored iced tea when I had unsweetened tea with a lemon still in my glass.After a few minutes, she came back and asked if we wanted more bread, we said no.  Finally, we got all the way to the end of our lunch and before she brought our check, she asked if we wanted anything else.  At this point, I said no.  I had been waiting the last half hour for more salad that never showed up, now I just want to leave.Since I don't normally come to OG, I probably won't start especially after this experience.
1	Came up here about an hour before close. Only a few tables in house and another couple walked in the same time we did.  Our server finally comes to the table after standing around with 2 other servers  about 15 minutes after we were seated. He gives us a bit of attitude and takes our drink order. The table next to us mentions hes not a good server. We order our dinner and he brings us the salad bowl and instead of setting it down he just plops it down and some of the lettuce falls out and he just shrugs and walks away. Not great service at all. From there we were pretty fed up and decided that we would rather go next door then deal with this guy. Canceled our entrees and left.
1	Worst service I have ever encountered.  Passive waiters and terrible manager.  With 2 kids in tote, you would think we could have had faster service!    Would NEVER go back.
4	I could eat their breadsticks and unlimited salad all day, the entrees are ok, I like the Alfredo.
4	Usually, I stay away from popular chain restaurants, however we decided to give Olive Garden a shot, and while the food was passable, the service put the icing on the cake!Atmosphere, you know the drill. "Fancy" interior for a chain restaurant, quaint music in the background, and decent lighting.My girlfriend got a pork/ravioli dish, it was tasty, and I decided to be a cheapass and ordered the never ending pasta bowl with meat. Everything was pretty good, it did not taste bland or cheap like you imagine a special would taste. We also shared the sampler appetizer which had the chicken fingers/calamari, all equally delicious, especially their herb tarter sauce. The seasonal pumpkin cheesecake was FANTASTIC. Seriously, pumpkin and cheesecake, my two favorite things, done deal.Alright, the best part, the service. Our waiter's name was Tony, and he was absolutely the highlight of our dining experience. I'm a manager at a popular cafe on the strip, and I know great service when I see it. We never had empty glasses, and he was on top of the table ensuring everything we needed was there and more. Tony went above and beyond and his service was honestly the best I've ever had. Go see Tony, have a great time!
4	We come here all the time. Kids ask to go on a weekly basis. Lol. Food is good. Service is good. Last night it was great! Just depends on the night. We enjoy going to this location.
4	i love pasta sooo perfect place for me. buy one, take one work so good for us..
3	I picked up some dinner here after seeing their current promotion on tv. Buy one pasta (from the choices offered) and take one pasta to eat later for $12.99 plus tax. Make sure and tell them which pasta you want first so you get that one hot since the second one will be cold and intended to be reheated. I got the spaghetti and 4 cheese meat sauce and mezzaluna ravioli with 5 cheese marinara. The spaghetti was good but the ravioli heated up later was probably a dish that is better eaten right away rather than later since the ravioli was a but dry around the edges. I had some pasta e fagioli and it always reminds me of Italian chili... so damn good.Make sure if you are placing an order for pick up or curbside to go that you ask how many breadsticks they will give you. This location likes you rip you off on the amount of breadsticks your supposed to get if you don't eat inside. I ordered a side of alfredo dipping sauce and asked for a couple extra breadsticks. The girl over the phone taking my order said she could only give me 2 with my meal and 1 for the dipping sauce. Seriously??? They charge $3.79 for the dipping sauce and barely give you any in the to go cup as it is and you are only going to tell me this crap? This girl was short with me and made me feel like I was bothering her for even placing an order. I asked to speak to the manager, who said I was allowed 4 breadsticks for the 2 pastas I ordered and 2 for the dipping sauce. The manager said she had no idea why the girl taking my order would tell me that and that she would talk to her. When I arrived to pick up my order the manager personally gave me my food and apologized again. She ended up giving me like 10 breadsticks and extra dipping sauce so that was cool. I wish I could give 4 stars because the food is usually good even for not being real Italian food but customer service is not always great and if eating inside or picking up a phone order it takes longer than it should.-all November current military service members and families get 10% off
3	About as average as you can get for an Olive Garden.Yes, even being a Yelper one cannot always go to that hole-in-the-wall or that fancy Michelin star restaurant.  Even we occasionally one has to wind up at that dreaded place for foodies...CHAINS.Chains (ironic as that name is) are everywhere.  Sandwich chains, burger chains, ice cream chains, pizza chains, taco chains, you name it.  Well here we have your good ol' Italian chain...Olive Garden.  It's about as American (aka, un-Italian) as you can get.  Doesn't necessarily make it all bad, but it doesn't make it all good either.I know, you Italians and your nonnas scoff at places like Olive Garden.  As well you authentic ITALY Italians should.  In your motherland, nonna wouldn't dare make pasta from a box, or take less than a fortnight to make a da sauce.  Mi scusi, but NO!  Olive Garden is for those folks who THINK they are having authentic Italian eats.  In some cases, sure, but for the unknowing American masses...no.  But you gotta hand it to Olive Garden for giving it a try.  I guess I really can't say I've had real Italian food until I actually go to Italy.  So I can only dream of one day tasting some true stuff.  Or I must meet a nonna of my own that imports goodies from the heartland to cook a meal for me.I'm an Asian guy, but damn do I love a good bowl of pasta.  Must be the Asian thing for noodles.  It's like, coursing through our blood.  Anything noodle or rice must be a part of the Asian staple diet.  When I get tired of the sometimes overly-sweet Filipino spaghetti (yes we do make it, try Jollibee), can't afford a bowl of that $25 stuff over at Scarpetta (Scott Conant send me a message and I will gladly come in for a free sample Ha Ha), and can't fathom Fazoli's (oy), I often end up at Olive Garden.  But, it ain't all that bad.Whoever started this trend capitalized on making some BANK.  I have no reason why Olive Garden is almost always busy.  Is it the Italian deco?  The smell of bread baking?  The semi-hot hostesses?  I don't know.  But I can tell you this, just about every meal you order from Olive Garden comes with fresh breadsticks and their house salad.  That in itself can be very addicting for some folks.  I hate admitting it....but I love that damn salad.  I order on average three bowls of it every time.  It's those damn croutons and that damn dressing that do me in.  It's not even the greatest vinaigrette I've ever had, but the fact that it's so accessible ups its appeal.  Shoot, you can even buy Olive Garden branded croutons and their signature dressing at Sam's Club now!  Yes, I do have some of it at home.  Sellout, I know.  The pasta at Olive Garden?  How do I say this...my experience with the menu is rather limited.  I've only ever gone to Olive Garden when the all-you-can-eat pasta promo starts up.  So sad!  But makes me so glad!  Where else you gonna get some decent carbs for less than $10 a person?  Plus unlimited breadsticks and salad?  Eh?  In a semi-fancy restaurant?  Consider date night with my wife sold.  I'm guilty.  Someday I may venture into ordering an entree at Olive Garden that is in the $20 range, but...probably not.I don't have a problem with Olive Garden's chain pasta and sauce, as long as the pasta is cooked RIGHT.  It's gotta be al dente.  At least most times Olive Garden's chefs get this ok.  Good pasta and my go to of meat sauce, and I'm a happy man.  Breadstick for dipping?  Check.  Extra grated parmigiano-reggiano cheese in my bowl?  Check.  A meal like this sure beats the pasta and sauce I usually cook at home.  I suppose I should get at cooking a better Italian meal, and try to at least make someone's nonna proud.And just who started this trend to give an Andes mint at the end of the meal?  Olive Garden, that's who.  Cheesy (umm...minty?) yes.  But for some reason my chain experience at Olive Garden isn't complete without that silly mint.Overall I usually do OK at Olive Garden.  The food when made right is pretty exceptional, no way gourmet, but a step above the stuff that chef guy puts in a can.  Plus, at least it gets me out of a night of cooking.  Mangia!
2	I have had mixed experiences here, including possibly the worst service ever received in a corporate restaurant: out of four entrees, two were incorrect and not a single drink refill was brought in a 40 minute meal.
2	First of all I've eaten at other locations in other cities this location always seems to let me down not once but twice! The first time we visited this location are good took 1 hour from order to table and this was weekday lunch hour they weren't even busy, second time we ordered soup and salads and were told there was NO GARLIC BREAD! What?????!!!!!! They said there other location didn't deliver any yet!! Wtf??? Seriously??? This location needs to have a overhaul on management who runs out of garlic bread with your soup and salad? Not ever going back to this location ever, c'mon SUMMERLIN location get it right!!!
3	Food was amazing, however I docked to stars because our waitress was extremely slow and very forgetful!
3	The service here can really bit hit or miss. I came here in a big party on Halloween and the service was beyond dismal. However, craving the bread sticks and Sopa De Tuscano, we came back and got excellent service!The food came out a little slow, as did the drinks and appetizers, however politeness and a smile go a very long way. Especially when these days it appears people are not happy to be employeed.The food is good and worth the gamble if you have time to spare.
5	we dont normally eat at Olive Garden.  In the past we haven't been impressed but this location was different.  Very clean!  Very friendly service.  Nice greeting upon arrival.  Waitress (Ana?) was very friendly and quick efficient service.  The hostess opened the door for us and wished us well as we left.  We were impressed with the level of training and politeness.  The food was good too!  would recommend!
3	The food here is decent but on the other hand the service is a bit mediocre. Me and a guest came here for a quick dinner only to have our server be non existent. We were seated promptly but waited over 15min for water, I mean come on really? Brushing this off we ordered immediately after receiving our beverages. Food came out a little faster than our initial service for drinks which was ok in my book. I mean it is what it is, the food is good for what it is but the service can use a little bit of help in my opinion.
5	I love Olive Garden and their food.
4	Was on my way to see my sister at the after having surgery she was getting home from the hospital. Ran into Olive Garden to get some take out.   Josh was more than helpful and was able to get our food ready and out the door in less than 20 minutes.  This was during one of their busiest time.  Josh thank you for being so prompt and had such a smile on his face.  Well Done!!
5	Chicken Marsala - delicioso!  In the food center of the west (Las Vegas) - an internationally known quality level of restaurants are here for your edible desires.  The Olive Garden has become a regular staple in my frequent dining out - which I do just about everyday!  The chicken marsala - regular - is superb.  The sauce just right, the mushrooms perfect and I order it with the baby shells in the marsala sauce - it is incredible and interesting, too, that a chain Italian restaurant can provide such a wonderful food experience.  I, too, agree with another reviewer, that the Summerlin OG has some of the best service around - they attend to your every wish, make things as you like it, and are courteous and pros.  I highly recommend this neighborhood restaurant.
3	Yeah, yeah... Olive Garden. You know pretty much what to expect. Chain restaurant food, pleasant service, reasonable-ish prices. That's what we got. One surprising thing was the number of "specials" they have. I swear, the menu inserts have inserts here!  We arrived in time to get some of the "happy hour" appetizers and drinks, so for $32 bucks for 5 appetizers and 2 drinks, I really can't complain about it. The breadsticks weren't as good as I remember, but other than that, everything was fine. The server was very nice and attentive as well. So, while I'm in no rush to return, I won't knock it, either!
1	Just saw an ad on TV, not 10 minutes ago advertising unlimited soup, salad, and bread sticks for lunch for $6.99I called the restaurant and they said they wouldn't honor that price.  "It varies by region."   So does my selection of place to eat.
3	Olive Garden used to be my most favorite restaurant. On a Wednesday night, the wait for two people was 30 minutes.  We chose to sit at the bar and got seated right away.  The nice part about sitting at the bar is the two TVs they have mounted, which were playing an NBA game. The bad thing is that you have to sit next to strangers. Service started out pretty well, we got our drinks, salad, breadsticks, and soup rather quickly. We didn't get our meals until much later though. It even tasted like our pasta was reheated; some parts of my fettuccine Alfredo were already stiff, not soft. Additionally, we never received our appetizer. I had to ask if they were working on it as we were receiving our entrees. The waiter stated that he thought we already received our appetizer. We decided to cancel it, but he said since the kitchen already started it, he would just take if off the bill and give it to us to go.While this was a very nice gesture, I still didn't appreciate the wait and the reheated pasta. Olive Garden just isn't as good as it used to be, especially in regards to their food. I don't know if it's because I am a more choosy eater now or if their food has gotten worse. But, I didn't get food poisoning and the service wasn't the worst, so I'll give it three stars.
4	Stephanie is an amazing server! This has been my best Olive Garden experience ever. The restaurant was beautiful, clean, and all of the staff were extremely pleasant. The food was on point!
5	Not only is the food delicious, but the staff and management delivers excellent service! My family and I went on a busy Friday night, and put our name on the waitlist. While we were waiting we went to the bar and although the bar was clearly packed, the bartender delivered fast, and friendly service by chatting with us and laughing at some jokes. I am very appreciate of the manager Shelly and the server Branden. They were very respectful and understanding of one of our party members severe nut allergy. It definitely eased his mind knowing that they were both sincere and thorough in making sure everything would be free of the allergy. Which is a huge deal because the list of restaurants to eat at just went from 2 to 3. :] Branden was a fun server and kept up on refills, was fun, and professional. Management, you have a great server on your hands and we will definitely ask for him when we come back! Thank you for making our experience an excellent one. :]
4	Knowledgable about wine pairings and offer samples. However tables are too close and server split wine on me, all over my jeans and white button up. Which I can't Even comprehend how it happened.. Since I was on my phone and leaning back about a foot away from table. My server Bill was great and very professional . And, Sheri was very empathic about the mishap that occurred. I appreciate their hospitality. Once I received my food I poured my little pitcher of wine in my wine glass and it over flowed to my pasta dish. This little side pitcher needs to GO! It's messy and pointless. Why not just pour all of it in the wine glass. Now my dish has to be sent Back because wine spilled into it... As my party is enjoying their meal I'm sitting here foodless. I feel as if the business should just carry around the bottles for refills for more of an accurate pour. I'm letting go of the fact that my wine was split over me this evening. Ruining my blouse  and jeans , but mistakes happen.
1	This place has truly gone down the drain. This used to be my favorite OG, because I could always count on exceptional service and great food. I went last friday and it was just horrible. It was around 2pm. One the host tried to sit us in the very back where only a very large group of girls were. I understand you'd like to fill up your spaces but he seated us in a little tiny corner out of all the booths, and etc. Then when I asked to move he kept reassuring me that he completely understood?? Just move me, apologize and move on. My waiter was very mute, didnt ask if everything was okay, didnt introduce himself, horrible!!! The salad was drenched in their dressing, so much that it was very soggy, as were the breasdsticks. Everything was very mediocre and not very good. I will not be returning to this location.
2	March 24th Came in with my family to enjoy a nice sit down meal with peace and quiet on the patio.  To find a rowdy young boy running around barefoot driving us crazy. Then his guardian thought it would be a funny to tease him and cause him to scream and yell outside. I asked our waitress for a gluten free menu and it took about 10 minutes for them to find it.  Then when they handed it to me there was no prices listed, so it was not a menu it was a piece of paper with options.  At the end of the night I found out my dish was $18 for hard asparagus that was not edible, overcooked sirloin when I asked for medium (there was no hint of pink), and chicken that lacked any flavor.  The mashed potatoes was the only thing that seemed good. I can't believe how long it took for the bill when it came.I guess the next visit we will come earlier than 6:30, I was silly to think we could enjoy a nice meal while watching the sunset. I WILL be taking my allergy med and  ordering something else that is worth the value.
5	Great place, excellent food and presentation always fresh waiting time is average like to come here then the other locations is clean and the service is the best "cisco" was our waiter and did everything to keep us happy
5	Good place to to with group ..
3	Family favorite. I love their salad and chicken Gnocchi Soup.  I am also reviewing this restaurant because they have recently added some low price options so you can get a full meal of their favorites like their Lasagna with unlimited soup or salad for 10.99.    This particular location is always clean, friendly, with great service!  Also, their Kids menu allows the kids to pick what they want on their pasta which usually ends with my daughter getting shrimp with angel hair.  Much better than the other kids menus at other places that don't offer anything creative for the kids and just give plain pasta or pasta with meatballs.
2	I'm writing my review from my visit a week ago. I had called 2 months ago to set up reservations for a large party. My sons first communion dinner. I was offered some menus and had a very friendly experience with Shelly(?) the manager. I called Monday before the party to give my final head count and ask for high chairs to a gentleman manager (didn't get the name). I get there Sunday and the guy upfront doesn't seem to know what I was talking about. They tell us to take a seat. Then they seat us. Now I budgeted for this dinner with the special menu.  There was no high chairs at the table and I had to go find someone for them. Then I realize we have regular menus at our table. No kids menus and not even water. We finally get the right menus and the server was awesome but still waiting on a drink. We just came from church it's hot and now my little guy is not feeling well. I took the bottle water from my purse to give him a drink. I'm really disappointed that I called and tried to have this set up for a relaxing dinner and ended up with a headache! But I will say that our server was awesome once things got rolling. Just sad we had to wait so long for drinks.
5	I had a real good experience here.  being from hawaii we got no olive gardens  I have to say hands down excelent customer service and great food selection  I opted for soup as a starter and they do refills on it.  shared the tour of Italy with the wife ,  they even seperated it for us, big thumbs up for that.  great deserts too.
5	I had very friendly and fast carside pickup service this afternoon! I ordered the lunch special. Minestrone soup and salad. I asked for onions only on the salad and that's what I received. I always double check before I leave places, just in case. It comes with two breadsticks but I wanted extra ones and some for later. Everything was fresh and hot when I returned home. Will be ordering lunch from here again! Breadsticks are amazing!! The minestrone soup is vegetarian as well! They also threw in two mint chocolates, a 20% off coupon for your first online order, and a magnet!
5	Hang out in the bar! Alisha and CJ are pretty great! The service is amazing and the food is quite delicious!!! Love this place! They always make some great vegetarian options and are always friendly!!!
3	Food is good...love their peach tea. Disappointed menu selection isn't as great as it use to be.
3	None of my stars go to our server; he did not even send water to the table or acknowledge us at all for at least 10 mins, and we constantly watched him standing around and just chatting with other servers after we asked for something like ranch, soda refill, dessert or the check. The other server seemed to be taking care of her tables in a much more timely fashion... My stars go to the manager, who comped the entire meal when we complained that the server was being sooo slow, not to mention he only had 2 [possibly 3] tables that he was [not] taking care of! And its not like we ordered apps & entrees... just the soup/salad lunch!Then the server had the nerve to shoot us dirty looks after I complained. I wouldn't have complained had I not seen you standing around doing nothing more than 3 times, your fault not mine that you get in trouble for it!* we just went back yesterday for soup salad lunch again, sat in bar area, service was impeccable!  Funny that we saw that [lazy] server from our last visit...... sitting on his phone, surprise surprise!
4	I am an Absolue fan of Olive Garden, I've celebrated many occasions at this particular location and I absolutely love it. They always give great service and amazing food. No complaints as of yet.
5	Brought 3 small children. Had the $11.99 Alfredo specials AND used an email coupon for a free dessert. The staff treated us like we we're spending a million dollars. The manager checked on us a few times. They spoiled us completely. It was like being at the Four Seasons. They were so sweet with the children. Will go back again for sure.
3	They r just sooooooooo slow when it comes to curbside take out. It is painfully slow.
5	Alicia is a really great employee at this location. She was very welcoming, friendly, informative and she has great conversation. I'm coming all the way from blue diamond for more. She hooked it up!!!
4	It was my MIL's bday and she wanted to go there. The service was excellent. Everyone was very kind and the food was ok, chain restaurant food. It was the best service I have received in a long time and for that they get and extra star.
5	I have always had great service at this location, fast and friendly.  The food is excellent.  If you have never had their Zuppa Tuscano soup, you don't know what you are missing.
5	We sat in the bar area our bartender was CJ he took very good care of us!! Great food, great service will be back. Lighting in the bar was very bright maybe lower lights at dinner time other than that was excellent experience !! Thanks CJ!!
1	My coworker and I arrived around noon and we were immediately seated in a booth near the bar area. The waiter took our drink order and gave us a minute to review the menu.Our drinks arrived and we had decided what we wanted to order, so the waiter took our order. The two lunch items (advertised as "Pronto Lunch") we ordered came with a choice of house salad or soup and breadsticks.We got the house salad and breadsticks brought to our table 20 minutes later and then another 15 minutes for our lunch order. When we got our food, the waiter did not take any of the bowls or plates we used for the salad and the breadsticks. The table was now crowded and we had to maneuver the plates to make room on the table to eat.The waiter did not take the liberty to apologize for the long wait and never followed up with us after we received our order to see if everything was ok. We had to ask for refills since he never came back to check on us. Refills were handled by another waiter and one other waitress.We asked for our check and will not be returning to this location based on the customer service we received.
1	I used to really love Olive Garden but it's just turned into an Italian Applebee's. Seriously 8 times out of 10 you get a jerk for a server and the pasta is always luke warm at best. If it wasn't for the salad and breadsticks I would never ever go again. Seriously I've had better pasta from the freezer section at Walmart. It is honestly a terrible shame when a nice resturaunt goes straight to crap for what reason? Bad management? Or maybe food service standards don't matter to this chain anymore? Whatever it is you've ruined "Italian" food for America.
4	It's that time of year, all you can eat pasta bowl, $9.99. My husband loves this and we always try to make it in during this time. I think this is our first time at this location. We order an appetizer, stuff mushroom caps with crab meat and breading, spicy calamari, and toasted beef and pork ravioli. It was nice and crispy, not much spice? But a good combination. For my entree I got the braised beef tortelloni Tender sliced short ribs and portobello mushrooms tossed with asiago-filled tortelloni in a basil-marsala sauce. Very tender and juices were butter and rich, enjoyed it! I also got the standard all you can eat salad and bread sticks. My husband got soup, zuppa toscana, Spicy sausage, fresh kale and russet potatoes in a creamy broth. And then the spicy three meat sauce, with meatballs and spaghetti pasta. He could only eat one bowl today, it was a generous portion!To wrap things up we shared a pumpkin cheese cake, a good ending to a gereat meal, good service, great food and friendly staff.
4	Great lunch today. We are disappointed with the over done breadsticks. :( The past few times we have been to Olive Garden, the breadsticks are dry and hard! Bring back soft breadsticks, or I'm done.
5	Love coming here to eat. We could probably eat their salad everyday. Servers are always attentive and respectful. Best of all they really take care of our Veterans!
5	Cisco!!!! He was our waiter for the night. He had a great attitude and provided us the best service. We had a group of 10 and we were looking to have a nice dinner. Olive Garden was a great choice. The food was delicious (practically is every time I eat there). Cisco went above and beyond to get us whatever we needed/wanted. He bonded a little with the family which is a good thing! Overall the dinner and experience was fantastic!
5	You know what to expect for food from Olive Garden, thats why you went there.  What makes the experience great or not is the service, the wait time, and the overal quality of the facility.  I rated this experience highly based solely on the hard work of our waiter, Brandon.  He was very nice, personable, and actually GAVE A SHIT.   When he found out our appetizer wasn't out in time for his standards, HE RAN back to the kitchen.  He wasn't busy and wasn't trying to rush us, he was just genuinely concerned about his service being timely.  And when my wife ordered her cheesecake to go, Brandon brought her cheesecake out for her approval before he boxed it up.  Let me say that again... For her approval.  Who cares like that anymore?  My wife and I were pleasantly surprised and will go back to this location as long as we can be seated in his section.  He was truly fantastic and deserves our gratitude and respect.  Thank you Brandon.
3	Olive Garden is always a 3 star consistent restaurant. There is always something lacking every time that we get food from the restaurant. But we know that going in, so we don't really mind anymore, we just work around it. When we dine in the restaurant the service is for the most part pretty good, sometimes some lapses and long wait time for items, but overall they do their best.This review of the food was from the last time that we dined at this location.Calamari - 4 Stars - Cooked and Seasoned ProperlyZuppa Toscana - 4 Stars - Full of Flavor and Potatoes & SausageRavioli w/ Meatballs 4 Stars - Only problem is the consistency of how many meatballs you get. This time was 2 last time was 4. Need to figure out what the normal portion size for the meatballs are. Large Rigatoni w/ bacon Sun Dried Tomato Sauce w/ Chicken Meatballs - 1 Star - Not enough sauce, pasta was way over done and stuck together. The only thing that saved the dish was the chicken meatballs.Lemon Cream Cake - 5 Stars - Always on pointApple Bread Pudding 3 Stars - Some was nice and soft and other parts were very over done.
1	Surroundings were dirty, took forever for our waiter to arrive and get our drinks.  We would have been understanding if it were busy, but it was mostly empty. Walked out and went next door to Island's burgers. Way better!
2	Thought we would give them a try again and what a disappointment! It always seems that their food sits ready for so long before they bring it out that its dried out like it's sat under a warmer. Then when you do get your food it definitely wasn't worth the wait. The final insult is when you receive the check and see how much they're charging for their lackluster food and slow service. If you want amazing food and service that can't be beat go to Carrabba's down the street...ask for Adrian :)
