4	$1 for a bun. No tax. Normal variety of Hong Kong style buns. Taste is pretty decent and they have Hong Kong style breakfasts and lunch too! Closed on Sundays. Good for a cheap breakfast/lunch or to grab a bun to go. Nice and clean. Definitely recommended!
4	Lunch combo for $4.95 (Edit: It's now $5.95!)Good value for prices. lunch combo came with:1) Either a steamed bun or "burrito" with a variety of meats to choose from (five spices pork belly, peking duck, Montreal Beef)2) A salad (they gave me a small Caesar in a glass with diced mango on top)3) A hot drink (I added $1 to upgrade to a cold HK-style milk tea)Service was okay. Waitress preferred using Cantonese even when we spoke English to them (and some people were clearly not Chinese).Cold HK-style milk tea was on the sweet side. Probably to accomodate Waterloo preference for taste? I have a sweet tooth so I preferred the sweeter bubble tea-like taste. Bubble tea was clearly mixed in the cup - you could see the powder and syrup sticking to the sides of the cup.Menu is limited, half of the menu weren't available and marked off by X's when we went (but maybe that is because of lunch-only?)I would go back, but only because there is very few other places to get cold HK-style milk tea.
4	Finally a place that sell chinese buns in Waterloo!!! I've been here couple times, would only come here to grab a bun before heading to school or gym. It's only $1.10 (with tax). The buns are okay, wouldn't say its the best, but good enough to satisfy my craving for chinese buns!! I didn't like their hot milk tea, its taste very blend and watery, but again, it's Waterloo, I don't expect much. The place is clean. I will definitely want to come back to try out their set lunch !
5	Really great new option in Waterloo. Their buns were excellent. Tried the BBQ pork and the pineapple. Both were great. For lunch had a pork belly and duck steamed bao. Both were really good. Side Caesar with mango strange and good combo. Milk tea also good. Grand total - $8!
4	Great little place. Friendly staff and unique menu - Hong Kong buns, Banh Mi sandwiches, Congee as well as Pho are all on the menu.I had the chicken curry and tried the congee as well. Both were great. Good value for the food - I left happy and satisfied. I'm thrilled that there's a local place that is making their own chinese buns. I specifically asked and they said that the baked goods are all made fresh in-house. Getting stuff shipped in from Toronto at New City or Taskgo is fine, but I love that we can get them locally made now. I asked about jian dui, sesame balls, and I was told that the don't have them yet, but if I want to order ahead they could make them. I will definitely go back again.
4	Awesome buns! I've tried the coconut and pineapple bun as well as their egg tarts. I don't know much about the authenticity of Chinese buns but these were tasty! I also saw a glimpse of the food they serve there and it looked good. Definitely will be returning to try that out.
4	The banh mi is not authentic, but it's still awesome. Their pho, again not authentic, tasted more like wonton soup. Regardless, it was still good. I really liked the pork dishes and buns. The HK milk tea is really great too. It's great for lunch, but I find the portions aren't as filling for dinner. The service is super friendly.
5	This place is a great addition to Waterloo. Their peaking duck bao is delicious and of course you can't forget the HK tea (cold). Total: $6!! They also have many tradition style bakery buns which are delicious. They have raised their prices which isn't great for students but still super affordable at $1.25 All in all, everything is very delicious. Their wonton soup is great also if you don't want a sammy!!
4	We went for lunch today at Hot Wheels. My husband and I each had a lunch special. Mine was a salad (it was ok - non descript Caesar salad). The peeking duck steamed bun was quite good. I also enjoyed my Hong Kong cold milk tea (something I've never had before).The true greatness of this restaurant however and what drew me there was the fact that you can get baked goods at the counter. Very reasonably priced BBQ pork buns as well as egg tarts. These have always just been a special treat for us when visiting china town in Toronto or other major cities. I'm very happy to have a local place to go pick them up now.
5	Very happy that a more legit HK style diner is in Waterloo now!ENVIRONMENT - the outside looked a little run-down and I wouldn't expect that Waterloo has a HK style place based on the outside. The standup sign placed outside with pictures of the food helps attract people more though! The inside is pretty decent. Seating is comfortable, some parts of the decor are nice, other parts okay.. Doesn't really match, but hey Chinese places aren't known for the fantastic environment.. And especially in waterloo where standards are lower compared to Markham. SERVICE - very friendly! It may also be because my party all spoke Cantonese and the owner or waitress did as well. It was 10 minutes before the afternoon tea combo time 230pm, but she was very nice in encouraging us to just order it.FOOD - I was quite pleasantly surprised at the taste of the food given that Waterloo is not the best place for Chinese and Cantonese food.+ Afternoon tea combo C $5: Instant noodles (egg, 2 luncheon meats, veggies), hot beverage (HK milk tea, green tea, coffee etc), condensed milk toast. This is available during opening - 11AM and 230pm-430pm and it's a great deal, comparable to Toronto!! The presentation of the noodles is quite nice and even garnished nicely compared to Toronto... More veggies than what would be offered in Toronto too. The toast is also thicker, and I absolutely love condensed milk so this was a nice touch! Toronto often offers these combos with just buttered toast :(+ sandwhich combos $6: sandwhich (banh mi, steamed bao, or wrap, with a selection of filling like peking duck, five spice pork) + hot beverage (same as above) + salad.This is not typical HK food in terms pf the sandwhich but quite yummy! I recommend the bao with the Peking Duck. They give you 2 of the buns and I was full after eating two, it's decently big. Salad was a lettuce with dressing with sliced apples on the top - decent for Chinese places. I got HK milk tea for my beverage and I was pleasantly surprised. It's hard to get the taste right, and the milk tea was quite authentic!! Comparable to Toronto indeed, even the price.+ Baked seafood rice$9.50: this was just okay, and the only dish that we ordered that was not as comparable to Toronto. Didn't feel as authentic enough, but just decent. I'm not sure if BubbleTease (in the nearby plaza) offers this, so coming here if you're craving this in Loo may be sufficient.Overall, I'd come again.. Especially for breakfast or afternoon tea hours! Their Hk bakery items looks not bad too (seems to be the only place that offers this in Loo).
