5	Walked in not knowing what to expect and was very pleasantly suprised! Very clean, decorated well, and AWESOME pedi chairs - they have beautiful multicolored glass bowls. The pedi chairs have soooo many options for massage you'll be done with your pedicure before you try them all out. There is a very big selection of opi, a few sparitual, and Essie. Great price for a mani/pedi - $35. Will definetly be returning!
2	I've been there several times and the young woman who gave me a pedicure was really good. However the last time I went, the shop was generally messy, so I looked closer. There was a lot of accumulated dirt and dust behind the spa chairs. Cleanliness is very important to me especially with any kind of body work, so I won't go back there.
4	This place offers so many different services from hair care, massages, waxing, mani/pedis, skin care... and probably other things I'm forgetting. The place is pretty clean and all the workers are super friendly. A couple girlfriends and I came here to get pedicures and have a fun spa day. They offered us water bottles and I saw they had a sign for complimentary coffees too which is a nice touch. The mani and pedi I got was pretty standards and the price is pretty average. For a mani/pedi it was $35. Their pedicure chairs were pretty nice too. I'll come back here, just for the friendly staff and overall cleanliness.
3	A-OK. Not the best nail shop I've ever been to but certainly not the worst. My sister-in-law scheduled appointments for us here since it's close to her babysitter's house - she's not a fan of taking small children places where there are fumes. Plus, that kid is a wiggler so I doubt it'd be easy to do her nails with him in her arms. AND it was nice to get away from the little guy for an hour or so. He's my nephew and all, but leave some time for adults only, ya know?Anyway, I like the fact that they take appointments and our nail techs were ready to roll. The salon was pretty empty so we were able to sit next to each other in the massage chairs and visit. The massage chairs had this strange function where it felt like it was punching you in the butt, so I turned it off. Maybe that's what people are into in Las Vegas, but not me...My nail lady was awesome - she got 'er done in a timely manner and stayed pretty quiet. I'm not a fan of small talk when trying to relax. My S-I-L's lady was super chatty, so I tried to tune it out while getting my hands and feet rubbed. The mani lasted at least a week while the pedicure only lasted about two. Hence the 3-star average. Again, not terrible but not 5-star worthy either.
3	my mother in law and I came to this salon she got a root touch up and a hair cut which turned out awesome, her stylist was Melanie and she was super friendly. while i waited i decided i was going to get a gel manicure. I walked over to the nail tech (mae) who was passed out on one of the pedi massage chairs. Tried waking her but she was in deep sleep, I just went back to my seat. I guess Melanie noticed and woke the lady up. the lady was very quiet and didn't really listen when I said i wanted my nails shorter, she made my finger bleed a little but I didn't complain. after the gel mani was done I noticed what an Okay job she did. I just know i wont be going back to her.  btw not only did she forget to put a clear coat on my nails( which made them feel sticky and got dirty very quickly), its only been a week and my nails are chipping.. : / I only recommend you come if your getting you hair done or get your nails done by someone else.
3	I came in one day as a walk-in at 630p. The guy at the front (David) said he couldn't get me in for a haircut because the stylist was leaving, but he comped me a brow wax just because. I thought that was totally cool. He also gave me a coup for a free cut with color purchase. I came back a few days later and got it done. Now, Danielle was a great stylist. The prices are not so great. A bit steep...no wonder they give the cut for free. Also, the place could have used a cleaning. It was dirty in the corners and had foil hair wrappers on the floor. My sister-in-law has a terrible horror story about this place but I don't know exactly what happened. Something about the gel manicure being sticky..anyhow, nothing stood out to me. Just average.
1	Walked in to get a full set and a pedi both with gel polish... I was so frustrated with both services! Although everyone was nice, the quality of the set, pedi and polish was horrible. My toes smudged moving from one station to another to get my nails done and when I asked to have it repaired, she polished over the smudge with clear. My nails were uneven, thick and started lifting when I left the salon. The "designs" were 5 little dots of polish that I was charged $10 for toe designs and $10 for fingers... After my fingers were done, I was told I could leave even though my toes and fingers weren't totally dry. The gel polish was hard, but because it was so thick the designs smudged when I went home. To top it all off, the total for both services was $100! Way too over-priced and poor quality! My gel polish chipped and my nails lifted and the designs smudged on my $100 nail job. Ended up going to another salon and got a new full set and pedi with designs that cost $80 and have lasted for 2 weeks! Do not go to this place! Save your money!
