2	We had a 9am lesson that we purchased with a GroupOn.  I know you can't expect the world when you buy a groupon, but the instructor (Esther) didn't show up until 9:15am.  She spent the first 10 minutes unpacking her water cooler and applying sunblock to herself.  At 9:27 she started talking to my daughter, and she showed us the horse gear and we spent 10 minutes grooming and tacking the horse (very reasonable amount of time and expected).  At 9:37, the lesson itself began and was pretty good.  The lesson ended at 10am.  Esther seemed to be a good instructor, but it's hard to judge from a 23 minute lesson.  As soon as my daughter had gotten used to this particular horse and understood the lesson objective, the lesson was over.  Nothing was learned.  The only thing that was accomplished was to make my daughter realize some of her riding weaknesses.  And while that's important, a 9 year old needs to be shown progress and encouragement also.  Otherwise, kids quit activities.   Side note:  the horse was extremely old and not very healthy looking.
4	This is a very small ranch. However Esther and everyone else at the ranch was verynice. My daughter enjoyed her lesson. There was a young girl that was very helpfuland showed  my daughter around. We Thought Esther was a great trainer. We will be back.
1	I received 2 Groupon coupons for my birthday, so I was going to use them with my wife.Called the number, as instructed on the Groupon, left a message, as the answering machine said the "they experience high volume of calls". Was contacted via text message a couple of weeks later... about 3-4. I was working at the moment, so could not reply back right away. The next day, a "lady" called me and asked if i received the text she sent me a day before. I said yes, she said she can schedule us for saturday - this saturday, actually. Then she asked me how we heared about them, I mentioned my Groupon. She changed her tone and asked if we both have a Groupon, I said yes... then she asked for the numbers, I refused to give her the numbers, cause she can redeem the money and we can lose our tickets, I said very politely that I will present the Groupons at the appointment. She insisted, I agreed to tell her just 1 number from 2 present on the Groupons, telling her that on the instruction it is said just "to mention the Groupons". Then she started her show: "I need both numbers, to redeem your money, in case you not showing up at the appointment"...Well, will someone explain me this? If something happens, I can just call a day ahead, or some hours ahead and let them know, right. The Groupon "never expires", they said that, not me! So... again, I said I will tell her other number sunday, when we'll be there and she finished all, adding: "You know what, f*ck it, I am cancelling your appointment and I will redeem your Gropuns. Good bye". That was off the hook, people, really! This is how you treat your clients? I used to work with Groupon and never asked my customers Groupon numbers BEFORE the job was done. How come, you need to pay for something upfront? Since when??? That's a shame. I could never call them again and I tried to call them for 2 days in a row now.That is a SCAM!!! BEWARE!!! Told all my friends about that, will tell all the people I'll met from now on and will make sure Groupon strikes this "nice" farm-business for that.Hope everyone will read this review and will think twice, before paying this SCAM artists!
4	Esther is an awesome trainer. She gives excellent pointers and made me feel very comfortable my first time.
1	Purchased a group on here. I called this establishment 4 times on 4 different days in which I left messages. Did not get contacted until 2 weeks later only to be told that my wife and I could not have a lesson together. Also  the lady who called me back had an attitude when I told her how many messages i left only to be called weeks later. Stay away from purchasing a groupon here, very unprofessional.
