4	Good looking Girls and that always makes playing games (or just standing around and staring) enjoyable. Needless to say it is a must see...it was always on the way the heart bar so we would mosey through slowly...not playing but just moseying...=). Revealing Lingerie is usually enough to get people to jump on the games...if you don't want to do that avoid it...but then what fun would that be.
5	Going to put it very simple for you, these Pleasure Pit girls are the most eye catching and sexy on the Strip. I love taking my gambling chances with them. If I lose might as well be to a beautiful dealer while I watch a half naked chick dance on a pole fulfilling my stripper/visual desires.
5	Talk about heaven on Earth! This place has it all! Gambling and some of the most luscious ladies Las Vegas has to offer! Take my money! Please!
4	It's a section of the Casino at PH where girls dressed in lingerie are dealers and dance on the stage! This place is usually more lively than the other sections of the casino and now you know why!
5	Love them the girls are so nice. They have energy to get you hyped up. They appeal both to females and males also. They way they dress is sexy but not trashy like other casinos.
4	The Pleasure Pit is a Gaming Area in the Planet Hollywood that has Dealers in Lingerie and Go Go Dancers in Lingerie. The Dancers are really Good and High Energy . There very entertaining to watch.
5	we be stackin chips, watching go go chicks with bouncing butts and jiggly tits...the pleasure pit is changing the way dudes gamble on the strip.
5	Out of all the Casinos I went to this hands down took the cake.  The dealers in the pleasure pit were gorgeous women who were dressed in  lingerie, while they had at least two skimpily dressed go go dancers shaking their assets on the tables.  One dancer actually broke out a strap on to do the wiggle dance from "I'm sexy and I know it" by LMAO. This place had a great atmosphere, I actually had force myself to leave at 3:00 AM
5	I enjoy the half naked ladies at the tables  :)
5	Sexy women pole dancing around the table games with pink and black lingerie. The Pleasure Pit is part of Planet Hollywood's adult attractions for particularly for d'bags and single lonely men. I see families walk around the pit with their kids feeling disgusted thinking this hotel would be family friendly. Baaah!!!
5	Yowza! I'm pretty much in love with the Pleasure Pit. But first, some quick tips!1. Located in the middle of the Planet Hollywood gaming floor and close to Earl of Sandwich! There is an exit directly onto Las Vegas Boulevard in the slot area.2. The Pleasure Pit is composed of many of the table games that Vegas has to offer.3. There is a decent variety of games--from Three Card Poker to Let it Ride (one table though, I think?) to a bunch of Blackjack and Roulette tables. I also saw Ultimate Texas Holdem, and Pai Gow.The Pleasure Pit is made up of most of the table gaming area in Planet Hollywood. There are many exceptionally pretty women in "conservative" lingerie dealing out cards. Though this place is not incredibly friendly for those with small kids in tow, I think this is a hot spot for those of the younger crowds.When I went, there were plenty of normal people, but sprinkled throughout the tables were the obvious creeps and of course the "I'm too drunk to even function, but you dealers are pretty" kind of guys. Nevertheless, I think this is a place that is super entertaining to play at.During the evening, the gogo dancers come out to play, but during the day and the afternoon, only the dealers in lingerie are around. The dealers are pretty energetic, fun, and really friendly. They're not as emotionless as other places. The gogo dancers are also very friendly and most of them are willing to let you take photos of them if you ask nicely. A tip also helps! If you're thinking about checking out the Pleasure Pit, I would come by in the evening to watch the gogo danc-- I mean, play the tables.
1	This is such a pathetic idea to put directly in the middle of the hotel, out in the open.  Let people go to strip clubs if they want -- don't subject guests of the hotel to seeing this kind of crap.  I enjoyed staying at PH otherwise, but I will never ever pay money to stay at this place again just because of this "attraction".
4	Distraction if you're trying to gamble but awesome if you're just chilling and having fun~
