4	It's a very quiet restaurant, which I definitely enjoy.  The lamb is cooked to perfection.  Drinks are pretty delicious too.  Very unsuspecting place is a quiet neighborhood.  Good experience though.  Would go back.
4	Uubu 6 is a bit tiny, but it's pretty unique. We came for Thanksgiving dinner, and if you can use it as a basis for the rest of their food, it's pretty good.As the below poster said: they bake bread in house. We got the most delicious, fresh, warm rye bread (and I typically hate rye) with a plate of tasty, melty butter. Next was a delicious mushroom bisque, followed by a decent salad with pomegranates, raspberries, and walnuts. They served a good, but typical Thanksgiving plate with all the fixins. For desert was a dense chocolate cake (and I suspect flour-less?), which was quite good.They have a large wine menu, and recently have added a $20 bottle page. Also our server was an incredibly friendly and pleasant, despite the stress she must have been under due to the high volume of large families coming in. Parking is kind of a pain though, the "lot" for customers can probably only fit 6 cars, luckily they have a valet to deal with that. There is street parking across from it, but there's no sidewalk. I would drop your guests off at the restaurant before parking on South 18th Street as your passenger side will be extremely unpleasant to get out of.
1	Just got back, and had to Yelp immediately, because I was so disappointed.My man and I have been looking really forward to eating here.... and now we wish we wouldn't of wasted our money.Our waiter was not educated on the food, he was shabbily dressed and still acted like a snob.They were out of the wine we ordered, and the bottle he just brought instead was horrible.My pork was undercooked, my boyfriends steak was over cooked (he offered him A1 for 20 dollar steak - isn't that big time nono?), and they use heavy salty sauces to cover up there shameful cuts of meet.Do yourself a favor and Save your money;  just buy a flank steak, cover it in soy sauce, and wash it down with a $2 dollar bottle of wine.
3	As a disclaimer, I haven't been here for dinner yet, but I've stopped by for happy hour regularly. This is not a happening place, but it is incredibly unique. They have a very interesting location in the South Side Slopes (with a little parking lot!) The decor is very nice with dark wood, nice linens and flowers around. Every time I go for happy hour, I have a nice evening. They have great food specials including giant sandwiches and wings. Seriously, you don't need more than 6 wings, so at 30 cents a pop for happy hour that's dinner. If you order too many, they're happy to wrap the wings up for you in a doggy bag.
4	Visited for the fist time tonight. Low key place with a limited menu of very good selections. Prices are very reasonable considering the quality of the food and the portions are generous. My wife had an interesting strip steak with a Rainer Cherry and onion sauce that we both enjoyed.They have a selection of some 50 wines for $25 a bottle and the home made tiramisu was very good. We had a pleasing Cotes-du-Rhone with our meal.A couple can have a bottle of wine, two appetizers, two entress and a large dessert for less than $100.
4	Good food and unassuming location.I've eaten here twice and thought the food was excellent. They don't have many choices at any particular time, but everything put on the table has been good. The Valentine's special menu for $66 per couple including a glass of wine, shrimp appetizer, salad, filet, crab cake, vegetable, dessert and coffee was by far the best deal on a meal I've had in years. The three couples left wondering how they could serve so much for $33 a person.What is particulary appealing is low-key, quiet nature of this place. You can hear the other people at the table without shouting.
4	They closed. They re-opened. Their hours are questionable, but they are a great deal for happy hour, have an extensive wine list, and serve reasonable comfort food. Call ahead.
5	I am wild about the new UUBU6!     The food is very well thought out,the portions ample, the beer selection great, the walk-in wine cooler impressive, the owner amiable. It is such a relaxed friendly place.   There is a side room you can reserve for your private party. Heck, you can reserve the entire place if you'd like!   I am going there for my birthday celebration,it is that good. And if you love mashed potatoes, you might just end up eating here weekly! And at these prices, you can afford to!
3	Very limited menu and an unusual location. Had a hard time finding parking. I had the chicken parm sandwich which was just o.k. My friend had the shrimp alfredo which was good. I will say the prices are cheap and the portions large. I just wish there was more to choose from. If you want a cheap divey place then this is your spot.
