3	I have been going to this nail spa for several years now.  They are great for eyebrow waxing and pedicures, but I wouldn't recommend them for the Shellac polish.  I got a Shellac manicure recently and it only lasted a week.  They were very sorry and re-did my nails. ... and now at Day 7 on the second manicure it is chipping again.  Normally my Shellac lasts 2-3 weeks.  Not the case here.  They don't use the Shellac brand top and bottom coat and I told them this was the issue from the beginning, but they insisted that the problem was that my nails hadn't cured correctly under the UV light.  Bottom line?  They're a good salon, but don't get a Shellac unless they have switched to using the Shellac brand top and bottom coat.
3	My regular salon for mani-pedi and brow waxing.It's conveniently located next to the the Uptown Harris Teeter, where you can park in the garage if you are driving or need to get grocery shopping done.Accepts walk-ins - although you can make an appointment too.I never do, I just try my luck and 85% of the time they can take me almost immediately. When they can't I just try back.Only con: They don't really have any mags around to read, or none of interest anyway. So, if you like to catch up on your trash-mag reading while getting your pedi, pony up and bring your own.
1	After receiving a pedicure at Elle Nails, I am very disappointed. This place has dirty floors, old gummy nail polish and no cosmetology certificates in sight. The employee was rough with the clippers and file, pinching skin and scrapping non-calloused areas. My toenails were clipped to uneven lengths and the rough patches on my heels don't feel any smoother than when I came in. They didn't offer disposable flip flops and made me walk barefoot on the dirty floor to the nail dryer. After sitting at the dryer for 15-20 minutes, the employee checked my toes and said they were dry but the polish smudged by the time I walked to my car. They quickly moved to fix the smudged nails when I came back and showed them. Before repainting my nails, the employee took a small can of actual paint thinner and tipped some into the polish bottle! This time, she walked across the room and got disposable flops out of a drawer for me to wear. Another lady sprayed my toes with mink oil after my second turn under the nail dryer and I left in flops. When I went to put my shoes on 30 minutes later, the polish still smudged. What a waste of time and money! If I'd wanted a crappy pedicure, I would've done it myself.
4	First visit today for a nice fill in on a bad acrylic job from another uptown nail salon.  It was quick, peaceful, and friendly and my nails look great.  There are plenty of magazines now.   I'll definitely be back - it's a nice escape from my office.
1	I don't like to judge from one visit so I went back and really wish I hadn't. They were so rough and what was supposed to be a relaxing treat for myself was painful. They left my nails in such bad shape, when I went to have them repaired, the manicurist asked "who did this to you!?"  Never again!Oh, and I had an express pedicure and was charged for a deluxe.  $15 difference.  Bad service and a rip off.
3	I went here today for a pedicure along with a brow and lip wax. The pedicure was fabulous it was very relaxing and my feet looked amazing but the brow wax was disappointing after the brow wax I had to tell the lady to pluck several stray hairs that were obvious to the naked eye. I also had to ask her to trim the top of my brows these are things an experienced cosmetologist  should recognize even with me gently guiding her she still did not understand  I gave up and finished the rest of my brow job at home!!! For me to be a novice I think I did a pretty darn good job. The only other thing that was frustrating is that the owner or manager was talking on the phone loudly in her native language this is supposed to be an upscale nail salon and that distracted from my relaxing experience on a positive note though the location of the nail salon is beautiful!! Even after all of that I still tipped 15%...
1	Horrible acrylic experience! Do NOT go there!!! Especially if you have short nails! I was visiting from out of town due to work and wanted to get my nails done for Halloween.  I went in the evening on Monday, October 28 to get a basic full set. I called before to set an appointment and to verify that they could work with short nails. Upon arrival I asked again "how well are you with working with short nails?" -- KIM -- the main lady there & the one that did such a bad job... She told me that she has 15 years experience and that although my nails were short that she would be able to do them. When this appointment was over I thought everything was fine and I was happy... The cost was $30 and I gave $5 tipProblem is that it didn't last! On Wednesday, Less than two days after getting my nails done - The nail on my right pointer finger just popped off. I had to hold it on with a Band-Aid so it didn't look awkward. I then had to spend some of my Halloween on that Thursday back in getting my nail redone. If this was the end of the story I still would not have written this review and I would've been okay... However today is Sunday - still less than a week from when I got my initial full set done  and I had to go in FOR A THIRD TIME to fix  FIVE ADDITIONAL NAILS that had popped off!  Today's visit was NOT pleasant at all! I'm sure it wasn't fun for Kim to have proof right in front of her that she did a horrible job on my nails! Needless to say I will never, not ever, not one step, NEVER go into that place again! I should also mention that when I went into the store today I gave them two options: OPTION 1 - To remove my remainingnails & refund my $30 (keep the tip) Especially since this was my third time arriving at that location. Or OPTION 2 - Fix the nails that had popped off & fill the rest so I leave with a full set that will actually last. The store & Kim refused option 1 & although the gentleman agreed to have Kim do Option 2 - Kim refused and would only fix the 5 nails that had popped off. It was nice that Kim fixed my nails (6 in total) that popped off in less than a week... But if she just done her job correctly the first time I never would've had to write this review and would not of had to waste time on Halloween and my last day in Charlotte just going to get my nails fixed for the problems that she did! Bottom line -- just go somewhere else!
4	I think getting my nails done is kind of a waste of my time and money. I have an endless supply of Essie, butter LONDON, Julep and Deborah Lippmann- and change my polish almost daily to go with my outfits (I'm a style blogger- what would you expect?). Nevertheless, there's nothing that can compare to a good pedicure. I came a few weeks ago to treat the case of the winter feet- as hard as I try, I just don't feel pampered using at-home soaks and scrubs like I do when someone else exfoliates, polishes, cuts and trims my toes. Elle is in my neighborhood so I headed over one Friday afternoon to pamper myself a bit. Elle has the massage chairs, which I love, and uses several different scrubs during the pedicure. The girl was super sweet and chatted a bit, but not too much (which I love- not awkward but also still relaxing). $40 later and slipping on my own flip flops (I highly suggest), my toes didn't chip at all. I did change out my polish a few days later though to match my nails, as an OCD blogger does.
1	I was visiting a friend and stopped in for a mani/pedi. For $40 I expect at least some effort put into my nails and a manicure to last the week. The girl that worked on me barely scrubbed my feet, pretended to push my cuticles back and my fingernails were chipping 2 days later. Next time I'll go to the CVS across the street, buy polish and do them myself! What a waste of money.
1	I will never come here again. Very expensive and the technician did a terrible job. I had a gel mani/pedi and the gel is already chipping off a day later.  Also the foot and leg rub was possibly one the worse I've ever had. Don't waste your money!
1	My friend and I went around 5pm one work night in hopes to get through before a hornets game. She said she had been before and they were great! But not this night.There were two technicians working both already with a client and so we were seated in our pedicure seats. We had been waiting for 30 min and another client (perhaps a regular) was seen immediately. Don't mind us. My friend got started on and the same lady worked on me after she finished with her pedi. We then go moved to Mani station and we're now tapping into the second hour. Same thing here, except the other technician worked on me and then switched over to my friend. I understand we were walk-ins but 2+ hr Mani/pedi? And dismissed because we were walk-ins? Suffice to say we didn't make it to to he hornets game for tip off. Unlikely we'll return unless we have appts/3 hours to spare.
