4	Another one found on Yelp.  It only took me a couple of days to get here after learning about it.  I brought my 6-year old new granddaughter (by marriage)--fresh blood!  A new person to introduce to exotic foods that is--haha!  I ordered a lamb souvlaki in Pita bread with rice on the side for me, a chicken souvlaki "mini" sandwich with rice  for her, a spinach spanikopita just to try, and two desserts.  What I got looked like a full dinner plate of three kabobs, one chicken, one lamb and one beef, with the pita bread, diced tomatoes, thin-sliced onions, tzatziki sauce, and rice on the side and she got THREE chicken kabobs with the same side stuff.  Everything was delicious and I'm glad I had the opportunity to try a "combination" of their offerings rather than just one.  The chicken was the real winner, charred and moist at the same time with wonderful flavor. The tzatziki sauce wasn't as garlicky as I've had in the past and I missed the stronger flavor.  I couldn't really tell which was the beef and which was the lamb.  They were both good but not nearly as tender as the chicken.  The rice was good, especially after I squeezed some lemon juice over it. The spanikopita was perfect, a crispy triangle stuffed full of a delicious spinach mixture that reminded me of the homemade ones my Greek next door neighbors use to make back in Michigan.  Both desserts were very good, my melamacarona had the right flavor though not as honey-moist as the best I've had, her baklava, the tiny taste I got, had just the right flavor.  They have a bar area so I would love to go back there for dinner sometime and have a glass of Retsina with my meal.  When I asked how long they's been open they said only threee weeks.  If they keep up the good service and the great food I think they will be a success.6/19/10
5	My husband and I were on the prowl for some decent breakfast food and good eats for fathers day in the morning. Well, three places we went had long wait times. Discouraged, we were driving towards home when we saw that the posidon restaurant had finally opened up. Being a big fan of georges gyros and greek food in general, I had looked foward to this place opening since they had a sign up months ago. We pulled in and there were only two customers there, but the smell was great, like garlic and gyro meat. We were seated by a friendly waiter and received our menus, along with glasses of water. The water(which I care about) wasnt bad, like most valley places. It was definitely filtered water with unfiltered ice. My husband still wanted breakfast food, and upon looking over the menu we noticed very good prices, extremely pocket friendly. We were hopeful but concerned that it might be too cheap.We placed the order for the kids breakfast which was one egg,one pancake,one piece sausage,one slice bacon, pita triangles and one piece of ham for 2.95! great deal, especially for my 31/2 year old daughter and the pancake was about 6 inches across. Hubby decided on the greek style breakfast which was 3 eggs with onions tomatoes mushrooms gryo meat and sausage served with potatoes for 6.95. he substituted french fries for potatoes. I ordered the gyro combo with fries, for 6.95, which came with soup or salad. We also ordered spanokopita, orange juice and a coke. Everything was great and decently portioned. I was very happy with my gyro meat, it was just as good as georges, with maybe 5 less pieces, but they dont offer eveything else these guys have so thats in their favor. im comparing them to georges because they are very close to each other and georges has the best gyro in quantity and quality hands down in the valley. So big props to posidon for standing up to my loyalties. Its unquestionable that we will be going back, especially because they have so many more greek items to choose from. Im loving the prices and want to recommend people go there to help them stay afloat. They just opened a few weeks ago, after all. The pita was warm and yummy and the spanakopita im happy to report is done right! Ive been searching for this item all over the place since I was in 7th grade in nyc and I couldnt find the right balance of spinach onions cheese and sour, and now I found it, awesome. We ordered a side of 3 pancakes for hubby to try, and for the 2.70 , we expected little pancakes. They were a full plate size and had the smell of black bear pancakes without being as overly sweet. Turns out he was too full too even eat them. I apppreciated that the garnish of orange slices on hubby and my daughters plates were actually fat and edible, instead of just props. I will say that the lettuce under the spanakopita was unecessary though. I noticed that the feta on my greek salad (which was again another item one step above georges because it had more dressing and it was romaine, not iceberg), as well as on my hot crispy slightly thicker than burger king fries, was stronger than the feta ive been having everywhere and from costco etc. I was so happy because I remember feta from ny being like this. After we finished our food, we asked the waiter about the market next door, he said look throughout and if you see something you like I'll add it on your bill.(convienient!) So we went walking and it was bulk of a lot of import items as well as some deli offerings, it felt like a foreign store or their pantry sort of. We chatted with the owner, he told us he had an import business in losangeles and he distributes to restaurants. I could see why. I asked him about the feta and he told me it was a better quality and I could buy some if I wanted. I got a two pound block for $7 added on to the bill. On the way to pay our bill, he threw in several types of olives for hubby to taste, and on the way out my daughters whining led another waitress to offer her a "russian tea cake" type of cookie, which was nice. Over all I feel this place is offering real greek food around a B to  B+ in quality for c and d grade prices. Support local businesses, including this one just off of downtown, maybe for breakfast, cheap and yummy!
5	Yowza!  If you want a ton of good food for dirt cheap, head on over to Posidon for breakfast.  3 eggs, potatoes, and choice of toast or english muffin will set you back $3.75.  Add ham, bacon or sausage and it's just $4.25  The food is great, the service is super-friendly, and the prices absolutely can't be beat.  They even threw in some extra freebies.  This is the kind of local business that deserves your support, and you'll be rewarded with great food at great prices.  Spread the word and let's help them get off to a successful launch.  On the Brak-o-meter, Posidon earns the coveted 5-star, 2-thumbs-up, "Brak's highest endorsement" score.  That alone should cause you to jump into your Malibu and speed on over.
5	I saw Ashley's review last night, so Brak and I decided to try Posidon for breakfast this morning. Thank you, Ashley, you were right on the mark.It was quiet in the restaurant late Sunday morning. The dining room is open and airy, with big windows opening onto what's probably the nicest view on this strip of Main Street. The building is freshly painted in traditional Greek blue and white, and the patio looks like it'll be a great place to relax when it's not 113 degrees.The staff was very friendly. We met what seemed to be the owners (a husband and wife couple? she handled the dining room, and he was running the kitchen), plus a nice young woman at the counter with whom I chatted for a bit. They had several more staff in the place, as I could see when I peaked through a kitchen window to see someone cleaning the already-clean (and huge) kitchen and someone else making spanakopita.The food was great! I ordered an inexpensive meat and eggs breakfast. The sausage was good, and the potatoes (made with green pepper and red onions) were excellent, although I prefer mine more crispy. I asked for poached eggs and they made them well, though one of the eggs seemed to get away from them in the water (I hear that swirling the water and having enough vinegar fixes that, but I've never been successful making poached eggs in water, so I can't complain). The meal also came with bread, and I opted for a traditional English muffin. They matched our orders correctly, and the food was all really good. Two big breakfasts with drinks: less than $11.00!The meal was so inexpensive and I was pretty curious about the rest of the menu, so I ordered some Greek coffee half-way through breakfast. I probably had plenty of Greek coffee when I spent a month in Athens, but that was15 years ago and I couldn't remember what to expect. In any case, it's vary similar to Turkish coffee. That is, it's a single portion made by adding finely ground coffee and sugar to boiling water (rather than hot water passed through chunkier American-style grounds). I ordered mine medium (in sweetness), and it was fantastic. I stopped drinking coffee years ago but I used to love this form of coffee; I'll definitely come back for more. Note that it is supposed to have a layer of sludge at the bottom of the cup -- don't drink it, unless you really like the taste of the grounds. They also have frappe on the menu, which is a blended, foamy, sweetened iced Nescafe-style coffee common in Greek cuisine.We hung out at the table for a while as I had coffee and worked on some paperwork. The waitress surprised us by bringing us a small plate of baklava. It was perfectly browned and crispy on the top and sweetened well (i.e., not too much, which I like). I didn't taste the filling (I'm allergic to nuts), but Brak said it was good.The restaurant has a shop attached (with a very cool blue piano at the entrance), so we walked around a bit. They have a variety of canned and dried goods, including an aisle of spices. The real gems in the shop are the wide variety of cheeses (including a smooth goat cheese you won't find at Whole Foods or Sprouts) and the items in the frozen case. They have at least five different varieties of phyllo dough, ready to heat gyro meat, and several sizes (from individual to family) of traditional Greek dishes that look like they were made and packaged in the restaurant. I bought a single-portion of frozen meat Moussaka (they also have vegetarian) for $5.50. I also got a small portion of hot Avgolemeno soup (cream of chicken and rice flavored with lemon) from the restaurant to take home. I certainly didn't need it after a big breakfast and baklava, but it's a wonderful traditional soup that I haven't seen in years. I tasted it, and it was delicious. Because of the service, the food, and especially this soup, I plan to be a regular at Posidon.
5	Holy shit this place is awesome. It's close to where I work so I'm there at least once a week. It's totally affordable and really good. Actual greeks own it, and actual greeks frequent it. I recommend the gyro - It's enormous and only $5.
4	i had a chance to pop into this new Greek place for lunch. the place is clean and the service is super friendly, they are still working out the kinks with the staff but they make up for it in effort and eagerness. the food arrived promptly, they bring warm pita slices and tatziki sauce which is thicker and creamier than usual the bowl of olives is a tasty treat. the meal was hot. the gyro meat was chunky, not thin sliced. the pita was warm and thick and fresh. the fries were crisp and hot and some of the better fries around. i wasn't able to finish the gyro because i wanted to try the baklave so opted for a slice, it was delicious, and had so much honey the top phylo was soaked through. The staff kept my tea filled and was quite polite and eager to please. Kudos for a great new place and best of luck in making it work!!! they have everything in place for success.
5	I absolutely loved this place! Let's see. It's cheap and really great Greek food. The owner was wonderfully sweet and generous with the ouzo (yum!). There was two of us at dinner: everybody starts with free pita (omg, amazing) and tzatziki (very creamy and refreshing), we got humus for an appetizer with a side of feta (more yummy pita, humus was good, more thick and chunky, and brought out big ol' slabs of feta), along with spanakopita (sooo very good, try it!). Boyfriend got a gyro plate which was absolutely huge (veggies, pile of wonderful lamb, more pita, feta, olives) and I got the chicken souvlaki sandwich (more yum). We finished with a piece of baklava (which had more cinnamon than usual, but really good). All of these deliciousness came out to what? $24!! Do go to this place, it's wonderful and the service is very inviting and warm. One note: The place is not open on Mondays at all, as we regretfully found out.
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet...Don't let the looks deceive you, it adds to the ambiance...I have eaten a lot of Greek food from a lot of different places around the United States (unfortunately not in Greece, but someday maybe) and this is by far the BEST Greek food around!!!The prices are cheap and the service is outstanding, bust most of all...THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!!  Best Pita bread and tzatziki sauce ever!!!You absolutely need to support this Mom & Pop place.Oh yeah, and the Deli isn't all that bad either.
5	I am so glad YELP! exists. Just last week I feared we had moved to an area where I would never eat good Greek food again.  Now, in one week I have discovered 2 places that truly do Greek food justice. Due to my review of Z's Greek, I stumbled upon this fabulous gem of a place! Thanks to all prior reviewers that put this place on my radar! It was a bit of a drive for us to get there but it is now both mine and my husband's favorite restaurant after just one meal! The restaurant is extremely clean, they also play Greek music and have 2 TV's showing Greek shows while you dine, which added to my experience. The cook, and I assume the owner, was super charming and personally checked on every diner to see if everything was satisfactory. It shows he certainly loves what he does for a living and his food deliciously reflects it. Our waiter was also attentive and pleasant. We were given pita bread, olives, and tzatziki sauce while we looked over the menu. The pita was fresh, the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber and the added spices and olive oil on top was a nice touch. We split a Greek salad, which was large and super fresh, had huge chunks of feta cheese and my husband says it is the best Greek dressing he's ever had. He ordered a combo meal that came with spanikopita, hummus, and tabouli (my apologies for any misspellings). It came with a side of rice and a lemon chicken soup. The spanikopita was huge, flaky and delicious. The thick lemon chicken soup had a good flavor but an odd consistency due to the egg and rice in it. I'd definitely eat it again for the flavor but my husband thinks he'd pass. I had the chicken souvlaki sandwich combo that came with fries. The chicken was super tender, well seasoned, and the sandwich was a meal in itself, and phenomenal. My husband had beer to drink, I just had a soda. It was so much food we could not finish it all but it was all so good- the best part--all of this was just $25. We wonder how he can provide such large portions for these prices, but will happily be able to go back more often to take advantage of the good food and great value.  This place will absolutely become one of our standard places to go weekly. Per the other reviews, I have to go back to try their breakfast. I can only imagine how sinfully good his French toast is! I am also planning to save room for dessert next time just to see how good the Baklava is. I also skipped the side market this time.   Yep... with so many things to try we'll be back there very soon!
2	Sorry Posidon's. Was closed down for a while for anybody who was paying attention (owners went to Greece for the summer I believe). We got a buzz that they were going to open again Sunday a few weeks ago and were really excited. Got a whole bunch of people to go down there and the place had a sign TBD new opening date. Not the best way to do business and keep customers. Still love your food though.
5	Let me start by saying I never have written a review on yelp but after eating at Posidon I just felt I had too. This place is absolutely wonderful the food is excellent and the service is better than most 5 star restaurants. We had the humus, spanakopita, the gyro plate, and the souvlaki, as well as the free pita chips with tzatziki they start you out with. Everything was beyond our expectations. We even ordered a bag of the pita bread to take home with us. Prices are really great most plates are under $10 most appetizers are below $5 and the portions are huge. If you haven't ate at Posidon you are missing out. My new favorite restaurant.
5	Just discovered this place, and I agree with the other rave reviews.  Terrific place, very friendly, most excellent food, and the prices are, if anything, much too cheap.  There is also a Greek grocery attached, also with great prices.  It's right next door to the Clarion Hotel, which is the best buy in Mesa, but don't tell anybody, because I don't want it to become too crowded.
5	I live about a mile away and decided to try this place to go.  Food was good and fresh, prices were reasonable, service was friendly and welcoming,  and service was fast.  THANKS!
4	Went to this place for the first time the other day.  I had the gyro and it was very tasty.  The meat was very good and the pita was fresh.  The staff was very friendly and there is also a deli which I did not try.  Everything looks very authentic.  I will be back!
5	Greek food was amazing! Wonderful service and help with exciting choices on the menu. Not elegant--authentic, affordable. Highly recommend, wish we could have returned before leaving Mesa!
5	This place is the moneyshot for authentic Greek food on the cheap. I say this only because I am amazed by the prices...there's no way this food should be this inexpensive. I mean- this isn't a Gyro joint, there is "Roe" on the menu for chrissake- and a wine selection....and Ouzo. It's no secret that there is a shortage of reasonably priced ethnic food restaurants in the Phoenix area- this place almost makes up for that fact on it's own. The ladies that work there are awesome- so friendly and cool! ....and they DELIVER!
3	I'm in total agreement....good service, tasty and inexpensive food (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 drinks, plus a huge Greek Salad:  just under $30).  Great find!
4	I'm noticing a theme with my yelp reviews.. I'm in love with places that look sketchy externally. That's really cool these days, right? Anyhow, OMG what an adventure Posidon is!!! Since they serve breakfast, there WILL be a morning after, and I'm in danger of becoming fatter than Shelley Winters, as Posidon is located just 3 minutes from my home. ABOUT THE FOOD: Ordered 3 take-out meals for 3 people: The entree choices are extensive, include your choice of soup, or greek salad, and for a side, rice (a bit bland) , fries (didn't try) , or roasted potatoes (GREAT + AWESOME. YUM) . The Greek Salads are huge, packed with delicious greek olives, feta, and all the veggies were super crisp and super fresh. One of the best side salads I've ever had. For the entrees, Gyro Plate, Lamb Soulvaki, and Moussaka, were ordered. My Moussaka was KICK ASS and completely put that swill from My Big Fat Greek to shame. The Lamb Soulvaki was juicy, and tender, and dad seemed to enjoy his giant plate of Gyro meat. All of these are served with fresh grilled pita wedges too, and rang in just below $10 each. SO MUCH FOOD, for the price. Finally the two staff members I encountered were SO NICE, helpful, cheerful, and very willing to accommodate customers. Place is clean, and I can't wait to rip into other menu items.. I am already looking forward to trying their full sized salads ASAP! Finally they have an assortment of fresh made Baklava! Check this place out!
1	I usually don't post reviews but after all the great ones could not let this go since this is why we came here. Had family in town for one day  and they wanted Greek food .First service was very good people were friendly. The food not so good my moussaka burned on bottom (black crust) my wife's chicken came out with wrong sauce other order also wrong they blamed new cook ordered two saganaki  appetizers they were brought out to table cold hunks of cheese (they should be under broiler for a few min then to table and flamed with brandy don't know what happened last nite but wont be back also the salad was good and fresh except had enough water in the bottom of bowl to drink.Hope this was just an off nite good luck but your going to need to step it up a notch to make it in the tough restaurant world
5	We were in Mesa for a vacation and this place was right by the hotel. Looked at the reviews and we decided to go there. Wonderful place, very friendly staff. Although our waitress was brand new on the job and a bit slow, it was still well worth the visit. We had the hummus and the stuffed grape leaves. YUM. The hummus was flavorful and had spices to make it very tasty. Grape leaves were soem of the best ever.I had the Patitsio w/rice as my entree. Never even tried this dish before but it was great. I originally ordered the Mousaka but they were out. Bummer, but the replacement was good. Since service was slow the server brought us free baklava. I'm not a baklava fan but since my husband is and ate all of it, I would think it was awesome.Prices are good too $45 for 4 adults and a child I think was very reasonable. I highly recommend this place. The neighborhood is old and somewhat questionavle but don't let that deter you. It's great!
5	I rarely ever give 5 stars as that requires service above and beyond in my opinion. However I must say that Posidon deserves that 5th star.How do you get a 5th star? Well you start off with friendly wait staff. Throw in fresh vegetables, excellently cooked food, and a visit by the chef as well as some good conversation as well as being very reasonably priced? Yeah. 5 stars.After having a bad experience just next door at the Clarion Hotel I went here for lunch. I tell you that they made the bad experience simply vanish.The Gyro plate I ordered was excellent. Fresh, hot, and full! The chef, Dale, even brought out a soup sample gratis. It was a new soup and he wanted me to try it out. Lemon Chicken with rice. I am not a fan of lemon but this soup was delicious. Large chunks of chicken with rice in a lemon herb broth. The lemon was only a hint and I really enjoyed it.I talked with them while I ate the delicious food and had a good time. All of this for a ten spot? Call me impressed.I will most certainly make a habit of eating here as it's close, it's good, and it's inexpensive, and the people really made it enjoyable.
1	Last night my honey and I went through our usual "what do you want for dinner?" routine, where both of us try to avoid choosing. He said "Greek sounds great", and I thought so too. So, I pulled out my trusty Yelp Android app, and we picked Posidon because of all the amazing reviews.We were so excited to try a new place close to home, and it smelled quite good when we walked in. The waitress informed us it was her birthday, and that service might be a bit "slow". No worries there, that was ok with us after a long day. We ordered spanakopita as an appetizer, he ordered a gyro with no tomatoes and french fries, and I ordered the beef souvlaki sandwitch with Greek salad. Let me preface the food review with this: I LOVE food. I love going out to eat. I'm very forgiving of mistakes, and kind when I correct them. Out of my 56 Yelp reviews, only 4 have received 1 star, and all for a very legitimate reason. I really go out of my way to give places ample opportunities to correct my frustrations, and few places are lacking in their ability to make me happy. That said, on to the food. Spanakopita: It took awhile to come out, and it was not terribly appetizing to look at. The two pieces were drastically different in size, but that wasn't the worst part. The spanakopita was luke warm/cold, tasted like it came from the frozen food aisle or had been sitting out for weeks. It was bland, not at all flaky, and the texture was really weird. Oh, and the tzatziki sauce was the worst I've ever tasted, including the months past due grocery store kind that I kept in my fridge as a poor college student. The waitress didn't bother to come back and ask how it was.Gyro with fries: The meat was flavorless, cold, and smothered in tomatoes (he specifically said to leave them out) and that terrible tzatziki sauce. The fries were cold and awful. HOW do you mess up fries???Beef souvlaki with salad: The beef was tougher than shoe leather, and the leather would have had more flavor. The tzatziki (yes, I'm saying it AGAIN just to emphasize) was TERRIBLE. Oh, and the salad. If you could even call it that. It came in a bowl with a fat blob of yucky dressing, close-to-gone onions & tomatoes, with 2 olives, no feta, and lettuce that looks like it had been trampled on by a herd of zebras.We tasted each other's dinner to double check, talked quietly, and confirmed that it was the worst dinner (I told the waitress this in an apologetic tone) we'd ever had. The plates were thrown together like they didn't care, and the service was sub par.The WORST Part: The waitress saw us not eating, came over and asked how dinner was. I politely said it was terrible, and started listing off our grievances. Then a woman, who was apparently the "boss lady" came over to see what was wrong. I've never been so insulted in my life. When my bf said that the gyro meat was cold and bland, she said "well they cut it off the rotisserie and put it on the grill". He politely told her that he knew that's how it worked, but that it wasn't hot. She said "Well, that doesn't make any sense. We're known for the best gyros in town, and we have 4 & 5 star reviews on Yelp". Ok so we're totally making all this up, then. *scoff* She said "sorry" and walked away. No offer to replace the food, or take a portion off our bill. So we paid $22 for food we said was terrible, with nothing but a condescending apology to walk out of the door with. FYI, we paid for our food (we regret refusing to do so), and left all but 2 bites of each dinner on the table. I'd give the place another chance if the food were the only bad thing. But with that terrible service, I wouldn't step foot in there again if my life depended on it.
5	YUMMMMMYYYY!!!!!  Loved the huge gyro and the side salad was delish.  Super friendly staff, nice and clean too :-)
5	I've been back to this place 4 times since my first review. An additional review is in order.Looking at a few of the newer reviews that are less than stellar I must wonder how I happen to get the best service while the others are less than pleased. Maybe I should play the lottery today?The only thing about my last visit that was not as pleasant as my first is that the tzatziki sauce they were using that day was from some greek festival the other day. Too much garlic.First time meeting the owner however. Was just as pleasant as the other employees that I have had the pleasure of meeting.Still the best gyro in town.
1	I bought a $25 gift certificate from restaurants.com because I read positive reviews of this place and wanted to try it out. I called the restaurant to see if they would take the $25 coupon for take out (some places do this) and they said they would take it. I drove all the way there and the owner then informed me that they would not take the certificate for take out and that they actually weren't even taking these anymore. The owner was very rude and mean to me, this is not how you should treat customers. The servers were nice and sided with me saying she did say that over the phone. The owner still refused to let me use the certificate and I'm out the money I paid for it. I won't be returning there, the place is kind of a dive anyways.
1	Closed now.  It was a good place in a rather bad location for a restaurant.  I think they would have done much better if they were on Dobson or Southern.
1	Update:  It is scheduled to reopen with different owners on Feb. 2, 2011.Update 2, Feb. 2:  It's open - but it's something entirely different now - pizza and chicken wings or something.
