3	Stopped by after lunch at Thai Taste (awesome food, btw!) two doors down.  It was CnF's grand opening week.  I immediately posed my food allergy questions to the manager/owner Hitesh, who went into the kitchen and quickly emerged with the pastry chef, who informed me that their chocolate croissants ($1.75) are corn-free (no baking powder in the batter, and neither corn syrup nor powdered sugar were used in the chocolate ganache filling and frosting).  Out of the individually-sliced French cakes, I could only try the "chocolate-chocolate" cake (I swear this is what Hitesh called it), $2.50 plus tax.  Again, no baking powder used in the cake, and only semi-sweet chocolate chips and heavy cream in the ganache filling/frosting!  How did they taste?  I loved the croissant's ganache filling.  The pastry, however, didn't fare so well.  With the exception of a very few flaky nibbles, most of the bites instantly felt gummy, like I was chewing on leather.  (Have you ever chewed on a moist piece of dried mango?  Yeah, something like that.)  No exquisite bites of buttery flaky crust that descend onto the tongue... I decided to just throw the bread away, but not without eating all the chocolate first!  But, oh, the chocolate-chocolate cake!!  Do yourselves a GRAND favor and buy a slice today!  One of the best chocolate cakes I've had in a long, long time!  (I've had to pass on so many recipes...)  So moist, and so devilishly good!  If I were the pastry chef, I'd give it the unoriginal, but spot-on name of "Devil's Food" cake!  The chocolate coin on top, however, was a big letdown.  Almost no flavor at all.  A waste of cocoa, that one.  I just tossed it away.I had asked if my nephew could sample their chocolate-chip cookie and was handed a shortbread cookie.  My sister, our Mom, and my nephew all gave the cookie the thumb's down.  (I couldn't try it due to a food allergen used.)  I hope this isn't a sign of the quality of their cookies, but no worries.  As long as Cakes N Flakes offer their chocolate-chocolate cake, people will come!p.s.  I finally received a reply to an email I sent inquiring about location address and website URL.  Looking over their online menu, I'm surprised to find out that Indian food is also being served here, alongside the pastries!  I did not spot any menu listings on the walls that advertised savory foods.  Now my sister and I willl have more reasons (as if we needed more than one reason, the cake!) to come by!
4	Nice, clean, simple setup.  Limited seating.  Cakes are awsum!   Very fresh.  Even have eggless cakes.  Food is good as well.  Really like the panner panini.  Also other items are worth checking out,
3	Hey Yelpers! I've been gone for a while, my apologies, but that allowed me to sample some interesting new spots!  So, let's dig in...I found this charming little nugget when I went to eat at Thai Taste (check out that review).  I was hoping to get some cupcakes, but I was disappointed they only had 2 flavors.  It's actually a quaint, little Indian cafe!! I have yet to sample any other items other than cakes, but the cakes I got (fresh fruit and chocolate decadence) were PHENOMENAL!! I took them to a Mary Kay party and they stole the show!I also indulged in their Mango Lasse (like a yogurt smoothie), which I wished was larger for the price I paid (nonetheless, it was tasty).I will definitely return b/c I do enjoy Indian cuisine.  Depending on that, I may or may not adjust my rating.  Good eats, ya'll!!I
4	This is a nice little Indian snack place. They have a lot of vegetarian options, which is important for me since I don't eat meat. I think they make their own bread and it really makes a difference. Also their pastries and cakes are really good. As the other reviewers have noted, there is limited seating, so not for large groups. Also I think they are a tad bit expensive for the kind of food they serve. But definitely a place to try.
3	Nice, friendly little Indian snack joint in the university area. Their cake slices are really good - amazing black forest cake!! Tikka wraps and puffs are ok as well, not great, but good. Tea and coffee are nescafe (machine) made and not tea/coffee powder made, which I wish they were. Vegans can get egg free cakes as well.
1	I know why this place is called Cakes N Flakes.  They make cakes, and the people that run the place are Flakes.Ok, I didn't eat here.  I just wanted to order a cake.  I went in with a picture and a couple questions.  The person on duty talked on the phone while I stood there waiting to be helped. She finally set the phone down...with the person still on the other end...to take my phone number and told me someone would call me the next day.No call, so I went in.  They couldn't find my papers and had to call the 1st person to ask where they were.  This took about 15 minutes.  Finally she found the paperwork, and finally I could get my two questions answered, right?  NO!!!  The phone rang while she was in mid sentence with me.  She took the call and took the phone into the kitchen to talk.  I waited around a couple minutes then left.  There are other bakeries in town with much better customer service.  Very unorganized and unprofessional.  A customer that has taken the time to stop in deserves attention before a phone call!  With all this chaos, how could I trust that they would have a cake ready when I need it?
2	eh...not terrible, but not worth spending money on either. I tried 3 different snacks and a pistachio cake. The cake wasn't good at all.very friendly service.
5	Seriously...shocked by negative reviews..i consider myself a foodie and im also an indian food snob,being indian! Everything is not awesome,but the majority is! The paninis are delicious-worth going for alone. The black forest cake and pineapple are our favorites for sure!! The chole is awesome and there are few chats that are pretty good too! Bottom line-if u get a panini,puff,chole,pah bhaji ....and a slice of those favorite cakes...u will be happy :)
2	I have been to this place couple of times. It's supposed to be cakes place, now they sell Indian snacks and entrees too. The people at the counter are not very friendly. I don't recommend that comes anything that comes out of the door. Let me clarify. I don't recommend anything that comes out of the back kitchen door. I ordered a chicken noodle and all I got was a cold one on my plate. To my surprise, all I heard was "do you want me to heat it up" ? Excuse me ?I would still go there to buy the mango cake. Its very light and tasty. Rest is all dumpster. I will not eat anything other than cakes.Cheers
5	Delicious food, friendly staff... Definitely not your usual Indian fare with paneer tikka paninis and wraps.  A real treasure in University City!
4	Popped in to ask about ordering a cake; staff was extremely helpful. Display cakes weren't nearly as pretty as the ones in the cooler awaiting customer pickup. Took home a vanilla slice and a black forest slice for later, both were delicious! Planning to go back for lunch sometime soon!
