4	i love this place i'm all about .39 cent tacos, that's right .39 Cent Tacos that are just as big as the ones at taco bell! They are yummy, and free wifi although it did not work for me -1 for that!
2	If you choose to go thru drive-thru expect to have vagrants walk up to your car and ask for spare change. Del Taco does nothing to stop this.
3	We were visiting the area and there are no Del Taco's in our home area.  The 39 cent taco special caught our attention.  They have them on Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday evenings.  The taco was crisp, flavorful, and tasty.  Certainly nothing exotic, but basically a good taco at a good value.  Line moved a bit slow, but they were busy.  Overall, an OK experience.
2	Taste wise I love del taco, and maybe it was just this particular one not sure, but there food made me incredibly sick after eating it.
2	A real dump as far as Del Taco locations go. The Bus Stop out front provides a steady stream of degenerates coming in and out. Fairly clean inside and the food was average for a Del Taco, but the service was SLOW. I wish I could type slower to emphasize just how S-L-O-W it really is here. =O)
1	The dumbest employees I have ever seen.
4	Very good service, friendly people, and hot, fresh food are what it's about for me and I got all of these both times I've gone to this location. I really like Del Taco and for the money, they are a good value. The only downfall I see to this location is it looks a bit trashy outside due to lightrail construction and scattered shopping carts here and there. You see the occasional strange character outside the restaurant but otherwise not bad. Easy to get in and out of as well, despite the lightrail construction.
2	If you're really into Del Taco and this is your best location to find it, look upon it and despair!The $1 strawberry lemonade is excellent -- it contains actual frozen strawberries in their defrosted form -- and I don't regret trying the bacon mini-quesadilla because bacon. I appreciate that Del Taco has salsa verde.I don't appreciate waiting 10 minutes for a $2 order, only to discover it had been never been started. The dude in charge hated his life and wasn't trying to hide it. The dude on the line appeared terrified into utter confusion. I understand that the smiles at McDonald's are merely masks for tormented  and oppressed souls, but I appreciate the effort to fake it, y'know?The combination of $1 menu, strawberry lemonade, and prime location means I probably will eat here again, but I'm not proud of this.
1	By far one of the worst fast food places! So disappointed.  Service is sucks. I don't appreciate how I work all day to earn $$ and go for a quick bite and get ripped off. It is not my fault you didn't finished school or dropped out and have no education and now your stuck working minimum wage . But don't rip other people off by the crappy service and crappy food.
3	Have eaten from here twice so far, and enjoyed it both times.  I work at one of the local medical clinics and can't leave the building during my shift, so one of my coworkers was nice enough to go pick it up for me.  Both times I had some combination of tacos and beef burritos, and had the fries once.  Both times, the food was hot and fresh and the taco shells nice and crunchy.  Del Taco is my favorite non-authentic place to get Mexican (Tex Mex / Americanized Mexican) food, and I've been to many of them on several occasions.  For all but one location (not mentioned here), the food is consistently good, and the service is usually faster than their competitors that serve a similar menu.  In all, I expect to eat here many more times in the future given its consistent quality and proximity to my work location.
1	If their was negative stars they'd get them! Been to many different del tacos here in phoenix. So far been to this specific location about 3 times and gotten horrible service! Also All 3 times my order has been wrong and taste like I get the leftovers ! Never fails.
