4	Very cute space - decor reminded me of Carino's in Fremont, portions are equal to that of Macaroni grill and waiters very friendly! Bread - fresh baked & came w/ a oil/spice mixture for dipping Soup/salad - bland, some lettuce & carrots were all we got Spaghetti w/meatballs - hit the spot esp. when I'm craving comfort foods Rigatoni Martino - tasty I love that our meal was not overly salted! Dessert -rich, decadent (Sogno di Cioccolata) and on the house thanks to the very sweet manager & JT's love of Football :)
4	So, I've heard their commercials, and at a Spring Training game at Surprise Stadium Carrabba's was the caterer and my husband fell and fell hard for their chicken marsala.  For my 50th birthday we headed to Carrabba's on Bell.  Could not have celebrated in better fashion.Our server was Jenny - a pro if ever there was one; she took amazing care of us all evening; very friendly and knowledgeable, she patiently answered our questions and kept returning until we had decided what to have.  Hubby, of course, had the sirloin marsala with garlic mashed potatoes - he loved it.  I had tastes and will have that when I go back.I, loving seafood and pasta, queried Jenny about their 3 different seafood offerings.  She gave detailed answers, and told me that it was possible to have a different sauce than that described on the menu, or a combination of sauces.  Very accommodating.  I decided on the Linguini Pescatore with alfredo sauce instead of marinara.  She even asked if I liked all three types of seafood - shrimp, scallops and mussels, that the dish contains, because some people don't like mussels, and she asks the chef to put in more shrimp instead.  VERY accommodating.  It was delicious   Dinner was preceded by acceptable salads, and fresh, warm bread and seasoned olive oil.   Jenny noticed I was openeing birthday cards, and she and my husband whispered a negotiation on my free dessert - a chocolate and cream concoction that was yummy good.The food was very enjoyable, and we would have probably gone back anyway, but Jenny made it a certainty.  Thank you for a memorable birthday, Jenny and Carrabba's.
5	I'm part Italian...so as much as I love it I am really picky. Maccaronni Grill is Blah, Olive Garden is ok, but Carrabbas is MMM MMm GooD! I went with my friend Matt for the first time and he introduced me to some of the best Italian around my area. I got a glass of Cab. We ordered the Sampler, everything was good, but mostly I ate the calamari. I am mostly into Calamari steaks strips or rings...i don't like the tentacles. Their's I made an exception. The bread they bring out is also very fresh, right out of the oven hot. Salad came with the means and I got the Italian. I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side, but it was really light. Most places put too much dressing. Then we got our meals...CHicken Marsala was amazing. I was already full before the main course came out. If I ate anymore I was going to have to unbutton my jeans. I got a to-go container. Matt orders tiramisu, took one bite and died and went to heaven. Wish I could have ate it, but again I would have had to unbutton my pants. Caution: eating here can lead to happiness and extreme feelings of fullness. I recommend just taking the main course home and going strait to dessert :)  Oh btw only open for dinner.
5	FANTASTIC FOOD!Prices can be a bit high for a chain restaurant but you are at least assured delicious, consistent food a nice atmosphere and great service.  This is the place to go when you want to be sure your meal will be good.  Menu is limited though.  No other complaints!
3	I'll make this short and sweet. Went there with the wife and sat at the bar overlooking the exhibition kitchen. Service was ok, but nothing spectacular. The food, overall was good, The mussels were fantastic, the mezzaluna was ok and the Margherita Pizza pizza was a little too salty, but otherwise ok. Watching the cooks working was priceless,  Having owned a restaurant, it is fun to watch a staff that is well trained and working in unison. However, the front of the house staff, especially the hostess, could use some work. When you are seated and you have to ask for the menu and the response is "yah", well....Still it was a pleasant place to go.
5	I live in Portland OR now, so it's been about 5 years since Ive been here. Phoenix has many restaurants with so much fast food and mediocre chain food places. But there are also some really great places to eat. You just have to know where to go. This is not traditional Italian, but I'm cool with that. Chicken Parmesan with garlic mashed potatoes? great! Hook me up with that chicken sampler: stuffed chicken with the marsala is soo good. The desserts I have tried were amazing. Inventive menu, consistently great and a pleasant escape from the suburban grind. This was easily my favorite place to eat in the Phoenix, Glendale area. Other than the Italian festival. I miss some good Italian.
2	They have quick service and a good atmosphere the only bad thing is they do not offer ranch dressing for your salad. I always order the chicken Parma and at this place it was the worst I have had it was dry no breading and it was over done. I would not recommend this to anyone.
4	i haven't been to Carrabba's in years and i've missed it so much!  we went the other night and everything was fantastic!  there were a couple of hiccups early on, but nothing at all major.  the calamari was nice and crispy, but not overly-breaded.  i ordered the linguini pescatore (minus scallops) and while the sauce wasn't as spicy as i recalled, the shrimp was FANTASTIC!  normally i take the shrimp out of my dishes and donate them to the rest of the table but not this time.  succulent meaty delicious.  and the service was pretty fabulous, too!  i felt bad for our server because my uncle had her box EVERYTHING and the wee one kept trying to talk to her.  she handled everything graciously and never missed a beat.  we will definitely be back.  definitely the best italian restaurant at their price-point.
3	Pumpkin & Squash raviolis were lukewarm to cool, and I doubt they were supposed to be.  Hate it when that happens, especially when the first half are really warm, then suddenly some cold ones.  Kinda hard to return it then.  Good bread.  Service was fairly good, with polite & better trained servers than most places.  Prices reasonable too.  Not a long wait.  Decent parking.  Would be nice if Minestrone wasn't chicken based too.
2	Tried to avoid chains last year but people invite us to them , and, well we can't be dicks all the time. The last experience I had at a Carrabba's in Scottsdale was pretty good so  let's try the one in Glendale,Quickly seated,  drinks, and appetizer  were great. The soup, Spicy sausage and lentil  was so good I looked up a copycat recipe for it . The goat cheese and pomodoro sauce brushcetta  had us feeling all happy and relaxed. then main meal arrived. Wife's meat was not medium, not even close you could get red out of it. Neither myself of the kid had cutlery so  it took a while to get a waiter to stop to remedy this. This interval turned my veal marsala into a gelatinous mess  when cold. It tasted of flour and barely of marsala which I can make about 23 times better at home. Wife's dish was re heated it  well done with black hightlights .Not a new meal. Now it's heavy on the grill flavor.   Spoke to manager Heather , she came to us, but I can't ask for more ( actually I told them to leave it on the check )  than they drop it.   The kids meal  was great!  but they ruined the evening , seriously a dessert ain't going to count two messed up entrees  2.5 rounded down.
4	Like Red Robin, Carraba's is my go-to Italian joint that I know I wont be disappointed in.  I love their bread and the yummy oil/herbs that go with it.  I do ask for butter as well, but they always seem to bring out this frozen ball of butter.  I don't get that.The best dish they have is their Pollo Rosa Maria.  It consists of two chicken breasts, stuff with fontina cheese and covered with a huge helping of sauteed mushrooms.  Make sure to get it with fettuccine alfredo.  It's a must!... if you don't like pasta, I dont know what to tel ya.  The combo of the two is a match made in heaven.They have great salads and their own special house dressing.  Heads up on your ranch lovers.  they do not have ranch dressing.As for their deserts, Im not much of a fan until they have their quarterly creme brulet.Good food!
1	Tonight was the third strike for this place and they failed again.  Every time my fiance and I went to this restaurant in the past we were seated in the bar area, I am assuming it is because we are in our late twenties.  The service in the bar area is terrible and the tables are about half the size of the ones in the dining room.  We had a friend over and thought we would give them one last chance.  After waiting for a table for over half an hour they called a party of older people up who had arrived after us and our party at the same time.  The older party was walked to the dining room and we were walked to the bar.  We sat for a moment and then decided to leave.  I am not going to pay their prices to eat in a bar again.  The food is good but three times in a row shows how they treat younger people.
5	Not sure what's up with all the hate for this place here on Yelp. If you show up any weekend you will find many fans of this place. I come here for the veal Marsala, bread, creamy Italian, atmosphere & service.  I love the olive oil and spices they put together for the warm bread, the creamy Italian dressing mixed salad is so flavorful, my Veal Marsala is so creamy and a little sweet just like i like it with the mushrooms mixed in.  This place is always busy and has a nice warm date night atmosphere with great booths and nice furniture.  The service has been always consistently good and I have been to a few locations over the years and everything is always consistent.
4	Buon giorno! If your looking for casual night out and great Italian food, this is the place to go. The atmosphere is fun and upbeat, prices affordable. I gave this a 4 star because on this day our service was just OK. Normally they are on top of things, everybody is entitled to a bad day right.? So don't miss out give it a try! Awarded Analynn's :)
5	I love this restaurant. I have always experienced good food and professional service.  The portions are perfect and the prices are better than expected.
1	$6.50 for a 6 oz glass of 'house wine'??? $9 for a 9 oz glass & $15 for a pasta dish?  No thanks..
2	I sat down and some unidentified liquid came out from under the seat cushions and ran down both my legs. It kind of ruined it for me.I had a napkin and used it on my legs, asked for another one and had to ask more than once, despite that I explained what happened.
4	This spicy chicken soup is a must have when sick. Always makes me feel better when my hubby brings it home for me.
3	I have eaten at many Carrabbas before-LOVED them all!!  But, I  must say i wasnt too pleased with this one.  /this was my first visit to AZ, and i noticed they had a few carrabas here, so of course we made sure we went to one. Well they have this drink,  a peach tea alcoholic beverage that i guess hasnt made it to this region yet after 10minutes of trying to order it. I was looked at like i was insane, and i am trying to describe it to them, and when it was all said and done, it was'nt their fault at all, its just that they dont have it there. The bartender was able to call another locaton and he did get the recipe for it-which was great because that showed no, I am not crazy.  I just dont go around ordering make believe drinks. The drink wasnt the best, but i mean it was his first time making them so i cant really complain. I really like that he tried to accommodate us tho so that was great cust service..As for the food, it was just ok.  I"m usually VERY pleased with the food, but here it was just ok.
5	We have eaten at Carrabba's so many times they know our names when we come in, so I guess it's about time I review them :) Great location and rarely a long wait, the service is consistently very friendly and attentive! I can honestly say that I've never had anything less than perfect here! Favorite is the Chicken Parm which is made very well for a "chain" restaurant I'm from the East Coast very Italian area and eating from a Chain restaurant is almost against my religion!!! Carrabba's does have a Mom and Pop feel to it though we have talked with the owner on occasion and the managers consistently check it with diners and you have the feeling that they genuinely care about your experience...in these tough times seeing so many places close down I think it's very important to know that you will get good service and a value for your dollar!Recently tried the Sicilian Skirt Steak with Bruschetta Salad and it was melt in your mouth delicious! I recommend the Desert Rosa for dessert it is very light and fresh and a perfect ending to a perfect meal. I think that anything on the menu will be great!I really can't say enough about Carrabba's except Mangia! Mangia!
4	No where near NYC's Little Italy but consistently very good fare for a chain establishment. Great service better than anything in Flagstaff.
5	So, like, this was freakin' fantastic. We came here for a friend's birthday on a weeknight, and I don't know if it was because it was slower or the server was just this good, but he gave some of the best service I've ever had.  The food was so.delicious.  We had appetizers, a main course and the adorable little dessert shooters that are absolutely perfect for the person who doesn't want a full dessert, but still wants a little somethin' somethin'.  Love, love, love.
4	Menu isn't extensive, yet the food is a step or two above Olive Garden, and the atmosphere is pleasant. Food & service are usually pretty good; we have tried various dishes. We like it on Christmas Eve as it is one of the few restaurants open that evening, and late.
5	This restaurant has become a stable for my family as we visit several times a month.  We know many of the staff members and even worked really hard to get Creme Brulee back on the menu (sorta).  I'm a big fan of the Chicken Bryan and the Lental Soup.  And if you get the chance to have the Creme Brulee, it is the best I've ever had, I highly recommend it.
5	Service was just as great as the food.
4	I took my mom with me to Carrabba's to celebrate a new job because it is her favorite restaurant. We were not disappointed.When I started to realize that we had been sitting for a few minutes without seeing a server, a manager walked over, apologized for the delay and took our appetizer and drink order. We started with the delicious bread and then had crab cakes, that were oh-so-yummy. The drinks were delicious and the waiters were amusing. The atmosphere is casually Euro-hip and the open kitchen is always bustling with excitement. When my Spiedino Di Mare (shrimp, scallops and asparagus) arrived, I was a bit put off by the look of the plate. For about $20, I received a bland plate with soggy yellowing spears of asparagus, 4 medium sized scallops and 4 pieces of stuffed shrimp. Nevertheless, it smelled GREAT. I dove into the scallops immediately and they seemed to melt deliciously away on my tongue. The stuffed shrimp were had the same basic components - breaded and grilled with a generous lemon butter sauce to swim in.The manager came over to check on us and I decided the asparagus wasn't too foul of a move since everything else was pleasant, so I didn't tell him. I'm surprised he didn't ask why I hadn't eaten any of the pitiful looking vegetable on the plate, however.That being said, I love Carrabba's and will definitely be back!
2	I am giving one star for Zach the waiter and one star for Heather the Manager..... I eat gluten free due to my health issues.  I went here specifically because they cater to the GF crowd.  That being said after the time I had I am rather worried because if they are as GF cautious as they are about HOW they cook: Meh, not so confident!!!I started out with a side salad with their house Creamy Parmesan dressing.  The dressing was quite tasty but the salad was less than fresh.  It was plentiful with carrots, thinly sliced celery and some other items but the romaine lettuce was extremely brown and had that taste which told me:  I AM NOT FRESH!  Honestly, it was so brown I just told him to take it away.He suggested I try soup instead so I had him bring me some lentil soup which was really very good.  It made up for the salad.  My Iced Tea was good as well.   The hubs got a Magharita Pizza which he said was very good.  The basil and tomato were very fresh and good but there was not much mozz on it at all.  The dough was perfectly done.This restaurant prides itself on being a "from scratch kitchen" and they encourage changes to menu items if needed.  That being the case, I ordered the Pollo Rosa Maria, which is grilled chicken breast stuffed with Fontina and Prosciutto, with mushrooms in a lemon butter sauce.  I didn't want the lemon butter sauce so they were going to replace it with the Marsala wine sauce...this was Zach's suggestion, by the way!Upon getting my entree, which was two very small breasts, it was in the butter lemon and not marsala sauce.  I sent it back............and what came back?  My same chicken breast, which now tasted like a very lemony chicken breast which also had marsala on it.  If you've had either of these versions the one thing you would note is:  They taste horrible together!  It sucked.So I told Zach that they had just given me back the original breast with new sauce and he said:  Well, it would take too long to remake the whole thing so he just put it back on the grill to grill off the lemon sauce and then replaced it with the Marsala.  WHAT???  Really??Um, I just said FINE. and told the hubs we will NEVER be back.  The next thing I know, Heather, a manager is stopping by the table.  She says, "I hear things aren't going well today...." and I then told her our story.  She then states that not only has she taken my entree off the bill but she is making me the corrected version to go and giving us a gift certificate to come back and give them another try.Well, I am impressed a bit by this.  Taking it off the bill was nice but adding the additional two "gives" made it almost okay.  It's too bad they just couldn't have made it a five star experience the first time....but given that they were so generous, I'll at least give them the chance to do it right.To be continued..............
1	This was one of the worst meals ever. We went because my wife received some giftcards from a patients family at the hospital she works at. The service was lousy but the food was worse. Bland, uninspired and came cold to boot. They don't have garlic bread? I got a lame excuse for why. I grew up in NY. This is not italian food. A manger stopped by and asked how everything was and we said ok. All she had to do was look at our uneaten plates to know. I really didn't want to complain because I didn't want anything else from them. I just wanted to leave. When we got home I realized that the nice people who had gone out of their way to give my wife a $100 gift card were just ripped off. I wrote to the company to let them know of my experience and have never heard back.  I have managed and worked at restaurants for over 25 years. I understand it's a tough job. Mistakes happen, but you should address them. I usually don't complain, I just never go back. This was well beyond bad and the lack of follow up on a guests lousy experience speaks volumes. I will never darken the door of any of the OSI Restaurant Partners establishments (Outback, Fleming's, Roy's, Bonefish) if that's how they treat their guests.Caveat emptor.
5	I have eaten here dozens of times. Only once was the food ever bad and they made it right in a hurry. Service is always excellent and this is really the only place I go for Italian food. I've eaten at a few of the other locations but this one is my favorite. I generally don't review big chains, but I'm happy to make an exception for Carrabbas.
4	I've been to this Carraba's at least 4 times. I took my Mother to it back in 1998 and the food was great. The calamari appetizer is the best I've ever eaten. I've had calamari at about 15 different restaurants and Carraba's is still the best. The warm bread with olive oil and spices is also very tasty. I usually get Chicken Carbonaro. with pasta. The food is usually excellent. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal there. I haven't been back to this restaurant in about 5 years, so I don't know if the quality is still the same. I see a lot of people complaining. Due to the recession, it's possible that the food may not be as good today. It was still great 5 years ago however. I would definitely go back and eat there again. I had proposed to my wife at Carraba's in Scottsdale and the food was great there as well.
1	If you like glass in your dessert, then you'll love this Carraba's. Me and my friend went for dinner a couple nights ago and had a not so great experience. The entrees were fine, but when our desserts came, the first bite I took had a piece of glass in it, and my friend's also had a shard of glass at the bottom of hers. When we brought this to the attention to the management she took down our info, brought out a different dessert. What upset me the most is that the manager didn't seem as concerned about having glass in my food as I was. Working in the restaurant industry myself, I would have definitely shown more concern and taken care of said customer's dinner, no questions asked. Needless to say I was insulted when they only offered me $10 off my bill. Will not be going back.
4	Came here with a coworker who was in town.Both had the salmon prepared different ways.I liked mine and he his.The cavatappi amatriciana (try saying that fast 3 times) is worth trying rather than the standard variation of mashed potatoes, but those are good here too.Calamari is fried nice and not greasy. Thin batter like  tempura.Great chain food.
4	I usually prefer small, lesser known, restaurants over chains, but Carrabba's offers Pollo Rosa Maria.  This is a chicken dish stuffed with mushrooms, prosciutto, and fontina cheese.  I order it with a side of angel hair pasta and Alfredo sauce instead of the mashed potatoes listed on the menu.  There are few chicken entrees that I like more than this one.  It's so delicious!!
1	A) The place was so dimly lit I couldn't even see to the other side of the restaurant. B) They skimped on the Italian vinaigrette on the salad, but I feel like they were doing me a favor because what I did have on my salad wasn't very tasty. The bread was okay, but nothing to write home about. The oil used for dipping the bread into tasted like the stuff you get in gallon jugs at Costco/Sam's Club.C) This was my first time to dine at Carrabba's, so I went with the classic spaghetti and meatballs (if you can't do that right, I don't trust you to do anything else right either). The meatballs weren't bad, but it was a $3 upcharge to add three of them and they were pretty tiny meatballs. The standard sauce that comes with the spaghetti isn't even as good as the canned/jarred stuff you can buy in the grocery store. My father and I both agreed that it tasted nearly-identical to the Michelina's frozen spaghetti dinners you spend less than $1 for at the grocery store. Summary: I won't be going back on my own accord.
3	I was fairly unimpressed with Carrabba's this time around. It had been a few years at least since I had last tried it, but I do remember it being better the last time I had it. Maybe it was just the dish that I had, but it was pretty average and too expensive.
2	I went to Carrabba's last night for a birthday celebration. Being raised in an Italian house I have no preconceived notion that ANY commerial Italian food restaurant will satisfy my tastebuds - Carrabba's did not change this assessment. I had the Chicken and Spinich Cannelloni with Sausage Lental Soup. The innars of the Cannelloni lacked seasioning and was overshadowed by the sweetness of the equally unseasoned sauce. The Sausage Lental soup, for me, was the best part of the meal but was over peppered (black pepper). The bread served at the table wasn't removly crusty and appeared to be brown a serve (and not browned, i might add).Service: The wait staff was well intentioned but obviously not up to serving a party of 14 quickly. I had to wait for drinks, seasoning for my olive oil, and then the bill (about $70).I would not recommend this place..though, as I said, I'm accustomed to better italian food. Besides, I make better italian food myself (thanks Mom).
4	Even as a chain Carrabba's has great food.  Our last visit was enough to keep up coming back.I couldn't decide between two dishes so I asked our server which he would recommend.  He took time to explain both two me and the differences.  After I still couldn't decide, he suggested ordering a half order of each.  I was completely confused....a chain restaurant making changes like that?  He was more than happy to make that happen and was so accomodating!  Both dishes were delicious and I was so happy I didn't have to choose!Great customer service and pretty good food too!
4	Very Good. My Husband had the ravioli stuffed with chicken the other night and it was fantastic. Being Italian myself, I am picky about restaurants that sell Italian food. This dough was delicious, very light and tender not "doughy" at all. I had chicken breast stuffed with prosciutto, mushrooms, fontina. It was very good, the prosciutto was a little skimpy but other than that excellent. The server was very friendly and knew her stuff. She knew all the ingredients that went into the dishes I asked about and made recommendations, which I liked. We will be going back for sure. I also loved the smell of the wood burning in the oven!
1	Wow I can't believe how disappointing our meal to go was.  I've never ever seen such small portions. I ordered veal piccata and it was tiny there was two small thin medallions. I also ordered calamari specifically for the lemon butter sauce and I never got it I got marinara. Sad state of affairs at this place never ever again even if it was free.
5	My husband and I went here on Christmas Eve.  I called ahead and told them we would be there at 6 PM.  We arrived at 5:55 and were told it would be about 15 minutes...After 8 min we were seated in the requested booth.  Our waitress was Sonamita...She is amazing...We were going to order two appetizers...She suggested we order the trio for less money and it had the two we were going to order anyway.After asking several questions about the menu we placed our order.   The appetizers were delivered and were wonderful.  As we were enjoying them, Sonamita came over and said she would put the order in when we were almost done with the first round.  We really appreciated that.  Our food was excellent.  The food was hot and flavorful...Sonamita checked on us often and packaged up the left overs promptly.  We are planning on returning on New Year's Eve for an early dinner with friends.  They allowed us to be put on the call ahead list.  We asked for a booth and Sonamita. In looking around at the staff it appeared that everyone was friendly and happy.  I expected to see some sad faces because they were working on Christmas Eve but that did not happen.
1	If I could leave a negative star review, I would. This was the absolute worst dining experience I've ever had. We were seated and then ignored for 45mins. I sat at the table with my hand obnoxiously raised while 4 servers proceeded to walk past without stopping to ask if we needed anything. I then proceeded to ask the hostess to speak with the manager, to which she said she would go get him, only to turn around and seat another table, completely ignoring my request. I then asked the bartender to speak with the manager who took my request and turned his back and went about his business. I asked 2 more servers who the manager was before I actually got a chance to speak with him. The manager couldn't care less about the horrid service we were receiving. A server finally came over who took am additional 15mins to get out drink order and messed up our food order. I think it's safe to say I will never again return to Carrabba's ever again. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	My boyfriend took me here tonight for a belated Valentines day dinner. It's in a nice location. We were seated at a booth. You can see the kitchen preparing the food. We ordered the shortrib flatbread as an appetizer. It came out and it was a nice crusty piece of flatbread with lil bits of meat and carmelized onions on it, very tasty. The server also brought out a basket of warm bread with a side of oil and herbs. That was good as well. My boyfriend ordered a large 9 ounce blackberry sangria. I didn't think it was that large when it came out especially for the price of $12, however it tasted really good and sweet. More like juice than sangria though. After we ate our appetizer we ordered our meals. I ordered the Seafood Cannelloni with a chicken soup. My boyfriend ordered Lobster ravioli with a ceasar salad. When the soup came out I realized I wasn't in the mood for soup so I swapped with my boyfriend. My boyfriend thought the soup was a little too salty. The caesar salad was delicious although I personally think iceberg lettuce should be banned in restaraunt salads. It is nutritionally void. our entrees came out after we finished our soup and salad. The server added lots of cheese on top, Yum. My dish was delicious with good chunks of seafood in it and I tasted my boyfriends lobster ravioli and that was good too. We ate half our food and took the rest in a to go box. I enjoyed my meal at Carrabbas.
4	Great food. Service is great a bit pricey but worth it. Love the bread. The chicken in all of the various forms here is great. Red sauce is good too. They have togo which is great when you want to eat a good meal in you sweat pants and watch netflix.
1	Service was not very good took to long to get our meals about 45 minutes and the dessert we ordered never came just promises that it would, we finally got tired of waiting after an additional 45 minutes of promises, we will not be going back.
3	Ate here as a late night meal while I was in Phoenix for a race. It was suggested by the concierge at our hotel. The food was decent a but overpriced for the quality but the ambience was mellow and nice. As you can see from my review... it was a pretty bland experience, but not bad.
1	We will not be eating there or recommending anyone to the Bell Road location. Upon entering the restaruant, we had a very foul odor that hit us; this should have been our first clue. The service was horrible!! Being an ex server, I always tip well and see it from the server side. However, in this case...both the food and service were REALLY bad.To make matters worse, the meal I ordered I could not eat...it was that bad. The manager would not take off our bill.  Basically, I was told...you did not know what you were ordering and it is not our mistake.  I am Italian and I know what Italian food...If you are in the mood for Italian, I would not pick this location.
5	Their chicken marsala is the best! The also have fantastic blackberry sangria!
5	Food is amazing, authentic, and service here is top of the line.
5	Typical busy Friday night. Foodies won't appreciate a predictable classic meal from a chain but we sure did. Mmmmmm bread pudding.  That is all ;). Good stuffDean was great, and the wine list was too. See you next time.
2	The food was just okay some of it was better than others. My problem is it looks like he's hiring his family that really don't know anything about the food service business. I seen one waiter bringing some food put it on some else's table first because he couldn't hold all the plates, then he moved it to the other person's table. This is because the seating Is so close together I can hear the people next to me you chew their food not to mention every conversation they're having. He tried to liven up the place by having a live steel drummer playing which would be nice if he wasn't sitting right on top of me also. If you going to have people sit this close together dim the lights put some candles on the table or remove some of the tables and give me some space!!
5	I've been here twice already and had great experience both times. The food is delicious and the staff is so nice and welcoming. Our waiters name was Ron and he was really nice. Id ask for him again next time I see him.
5	I'm not a huge chain restaurant fan. I avoid them like the plague, but I bit the bullet and went to Carraba's and was pleasantly surprised. We had the 3 course feast thing. It was a great value and very tasty, but the best thing about the meal was Jordan our waiter. He was so friendly am extremely knowledgable. All in all, a nice experience.
5	I live for the bread and dipping oil. Very nice place. Would be excellent for a date night. Good ambience and delicious food.
5	For a chain, this place is amazing!  Have been coming for years and love absolutely everything on the menu.  Good wine selections and atmosphere too!
5	We're not at Olive Garden anymore!!!!Thank goodness!My mom and I came in Wednesday night for dinner.  We wanted to go somewhere we don't usually go.  It was pretty busy around 6:30 pm and we were we seated right away in a booth.  Our server (sweet young girl) asked if we've been to Carrabas which we said "not in a while". She then mentioned everything is prepared fresh so you can easily omit ingredients from your dishes if you prefer.  Cool!My mom started with a Riesling and I tried the peach sangria.  We were both happy campers when the yummy warm bread arrived with seasoned olive oil dip.  We split the harvest salad which had beets, hazel nuts, carrots, goat cheese...pretty good! Not some bagged salad!  Wow that's nice for a change!We also shared the spaghetti with italian sausage and oven pizza with mozzarella and pepperoni.  We enjoyed both dishes and ate it all!  Love how the mozzarella on the pizza was golden melted and well cooked throughout with a crisp bottom.What a nice home cooked meal with quality and service. Our server was friendly and personable- truly taking the time to do it right! Kudos to the kitchen for serving up steaming hot fresh & flavorful italian!
1	We came here for our friend's birthday. It was her first birthday after spending the last year in the hospital and rehab. We were looking forward to celebrating.  My husband and I arrived a few minutes after the rest of the party. I should have known there were going to be problems as we never received menus. We borrowed them from others at the table. I ordered our drinks. They brought my husband Root beer instead of Coke. The biggest issue for me was once our orders started to arrive. There were 9 in our party. We received 4 dinners, then about 15 mins later, 2 more, and then about 10 minutes later the remaining 3. The last 3 that were served were our birthday guest, her husband, and the 4 year old at the table. The birthday girl was still waiting on her meatballs, but we couldn't flag down our server.  One of the dinners was served cold. The 4 year old's pizza was all bread, very little cheese, and like many 4 year old kids,  she  was really only interested in eating the cheese off the top.  The manager came over to ask how everything was, and we let him know that we were still missing the meatballs, and one of the meals was cold. My friend didn't want the meal remade because of the time it had already taken to get the first one!  I explained to the manager that it was my friends birthday and I asked him if he could "make it special" for her. He said he would make it special. Make it special apparently meant comping the birthday dessert, which from what I can tell is a service they already provide. However, the waitress initially came over and said the manager had offered dessert due to the poor service. The birthday girl and cold dinner girl ordered dessert, no other desserts were ordered. The waitress came back again and informed us only the birthday dessert was on the house. (Really?! The $5 mini cannoli was going to break the bank?!)My food was good, I really have no complaints but the service was just horrible. We started dinner at 5pm and didn't leave until after 7:30.  My water was never refilled, actually I don't think anyone at the table had their water refilled. The table set up was difficult to deal with as well, and when we needed to leave the table, we had to walk around the table behind us to get out. It was very tightly cramped with tables, chairs, waitresses and patrons. As we were leaving, I noticed there were about 20 people waiting to be seated. Had the service been more efficient, those folks wouldn't have had to wait so long to get a table. Carrabba's recently updated it's menu, but that won't help unless they look at their process flow, serve time and space needs to improve the efficiency of service.
4	They had an event for Amici club members to try their newest items on the menu. Their Mahi Wulfie was excellent.  The berry sangria was good although a bit sweet. Our server was very friendly and nice.  This was my first-time I definitely will return.
4	Weekend hours are incorrect. They open at at 11am. They have new menu items that are awesome. The shrimp and scallop pasta and the shrimp risotto are my favorite. All their pastas are fresh. Great atmosphere.
4	Love the food here. Consistently good, and very friendly service.
1	Both my wife and I got sick the next day after eating at Carrabba's.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but the food was not prepared fresh or kept at safe temperatures. We will not be eating here again.
5	By far the best Carrabba's location in the valley. Consistent and predictable which I love. Excellent service. Always impressed and I hope they keep up the good work. Usually when you find a place like that, it never lasts. Keeping my fingers crossed!
4	The food is consistently good here.   I almost always get the same thing which is the Chicken Bryan served with garlic mashed potatoes.   My husband usually gets the Fettucine Weesie which, according to him, has a great flavor of sauce with plenty of shrimp.   Bread with olive oil and spices are top notch.   I look forward to eating it.   The only strange thing I have run into on my last two visits involve a cocktail.   I have been ordering the Razzamatini Martini.  They bring it to your table in a shaker and pour the drink in front of you.   I don't like my whole drink poured in to my glass at one time.   I asked the server on two separate occasions to leave the shaker at the table and they would not.   They told me people steal them so they are not allowed to leave them with the guest.  Strange.
3	This place is just OK.  Heavy flavors, etc.  There is pork in the meatballs, which is not mentioned on the menu.We have been there twice for happy hour.  It's only worth it because you get appetizers for 1/2 off, drinks/beer are 1/2 off, and house wines are 33% off.  The 1/2-priced appetizers are only available in the bar area.  I wouldn't go there for the full-price menu.
2	This was my first time at a Carrabba's, my husband's too. We were less than impressed. We arrived right before 5 pm, and the place was fairly empty. There was no one waiting in the lobby area, and unfortunately no one at the hostess stand either. We waited and waited, with no one showing up. The staff in the bar area kept walking by and looking at us, but it was several more minutes before the girl came to seat us. She did ask us if we wanted a booth, which was good, but the booth that I ended up in had the  seat ripped down the middle, which made it slightly uncomfortable to sit in.I guess our regular server was in the middle of something,  because a girl came over and asked what we wanted to drink. My husband asked what beers they had on tap and she just stared for a minute. She said that she wasn't a server and didn't know. Not sure why she came over to help us if she has no clue what's served from the bar. We asked if they had a drink menu, and she said they don't even have one. What's that about? So she went to the bar then came back, and remembered a couple of the beers, so my husband just picked one of the ones that she remembered.Our waiter finally comes over, takes our order, and brings us bread. We break into the bread and oil and things are going smoothly until we see a HAIR in the oil. A long, curly one. So I grabbed the same girl from before since she was walking by and told her. She grabbed the oil and did bring us a new one, but didn't apologize or anything. Perhaps this is a common occurrence at this location?Once our food came, the portion size of the entrees was extremely underwhelming. My husband and I got the same thing - a combo plate of pork medallions and chicken. There was more of the sides that we each got on the plate than the actual meat. The pork was supposed to be wrapped in prosciutto, but instead actually seemed like it just had a layer of fat around it.  If I'm paying money for an entree that's called pork and chicken, then I expect that the side of pasta should NOT be taking up the majority of my plate, and I would hope that what's wrapped around the pork would somewhat resemble prosciutto.I'm always much pickier than my husband, but as soon as we walked out of there, the first words out of his mouth were "I'll never come back here." Oh well, we tried the place out at least.
2	I have eaten at this location for years and by far this is the worst experiance I have ever had. We arrived and they told us it was going to he ten minutes. We were the only people waiting and when you looked at the dinning room  it was pretty empty. The food was below average and the times were horrible. With wait and after eating it took over a hour and a half. Prob won't go back.
5	My family and I went to Carrabba's for dinner last night. Not only was the food excellent but our waiter, Alex was wonderful! We never had to ask for a refill on our drinks or anything else. He was great! Definitely recommend this place and the great service they provide.
1	I don't know what I expected. I went against my better judgement.  I let my guard down and said, hey, let's go to carrabbas. Sure it's a chain restaurant but what the worst that can happen? Service? Very attentive. I asked the server what was good. Chicken Brian she said. Bring it on I said. The results? The chicken  with Plops of the goat chees to mask the otherwise bland chicken and cold chewy pasta. My wife tried the shrimp and rassoto. 5 lonely shrimp stuck in a quicksand rassoto. Just not good. I was hoping for the best and got the worst.
4	Good service and food. Pretty good for a chain. This location was very busy but servers and staff remained attentive and responded quickly to drinks and requests.
2	Went there friday night  it was really poor service rissoto wasn't fully cooked. My wife likes the chicken bryan there but caesar salad was old. Just don't recommend it
2	I've eaten here before with varied experiences, but my girlfriend wanted to go out for New Year's Eve dinner so we went.  Prior to arriving she made a "reservation" / "call ahead seating" or whatever they call it at this place.  We arrived at 7:58 for our 8:00 "seating" and there were only two couples waiting.  This should have been my first clue as every other time I've been here the place has been crowded.  Even though there were only two couples waiting, we were told it would be 15 minutes (you could clearly see empty tables).  At 8:19 our pager went off to be seated (kind of funny they gave us this since we were ten feet from their stand and as stated earlier there were only a few couples waiting).  As we walked to our table, I noted seven empty tables and had only seen two parties leave.  I'm trying to account for why we waited so long when we had a "reservation" and there were empty tables. Oh well, let's just enjoy the meal.  My girlfriend ordered Chicken Alfredo and I the Conchiglie Formaggi.  They both arrived just warm (the restaurant was particularly cold last night) and our server didn't offer fresh grated parmesan. Both dishes were bland but were palatable, hence the "Meh, I've experienced better".  Truly the best part was the fact my belly was no longer growling and we could head out for a great New Year's Eve celebration.
3	Maybe it's been a while since I last stepped foot into a Carrabba's or something but this place makes me, a 5'0" gal, feel like a giant.  After being given our beeper/pager/thingie for our table [10-15min wait at 7PM on a busy Saturday night], I managed to get the top of my riding boot caught in the stupid bench twice and bump my head on the trim of the window.  Is this how you normal height people feel?  Anyways, more boot-catching-on-seats-action followed as we were seated in the tiniest booth ever.  I was sitting on one side with my gal friend, who's about the same height and weight as me, while my brother had the other side for himself.  During the whole meal, we were bumping into each other and it's hard to imagine how two people can sit on one side of a booth comfortably.  It's a surprise how I even ate when I was curled up against her the whole time!Anyways, while I seldom review bigger chain restaurants, I really just wanted to say that Carrabba's has delicious food but I think their portions shrank... A LOT.  I had my fill of warm toasty bread with herbs and olive oil, a nice steamy bowl of sausage and lentils soup, and then had the tiniest plate of shrimp and scallops linguine alla vodka.  I'm not a big eater by any means but I somehow found myself in front of an empty plate with a hungry tummy.    It tasted amazing, so much more than my brother's lobster mac and cheese and my friend's champagne shrimp and scallop linguine, but it was ridiculously small.I know I look pretty young but seriously, it was like a kid's sized meal and considering that I was carded when I ordered my Limoncello and Prosecco drink, which tasted more like cranberry juice than anything, I'm definitely an adult.  $23/pp including tip for three entrees, one alcoholic beverage, and a lemonade.  Not sure I'd be back even though they have decent flavor.  Pity... I do love their sausage and lentil soup!
