4	For a quick simple sushi lunch, this is a good place to go in this area. They have a lunch menu that includes katsus, teriyaki, tempuras, and simple standard rolls such as spicy tuna. All lunch dishes come with a side salad with ginger dressing and miso soup. Their regular menu has a variety of nigiris, sashimis, special rolls, and some Chinese and Korean influenced dishes such as honey walnut shrimp and kimchi noodle soup. They also have different types of soups and curries. The lunch menu is reasonably priced, 1 dish around $8-9 average. The service was good and it's clean and spacious. Going in I didn't expect much, but overall it was a good visit. I especially enjoyed my salmon skin handroll. The sushi rice is seasoned well and they are portioned well as in they don't over do it on the rice to save the goods. They give a generous portion of fish. The freshness was ok, good enough to eat. One thing I dislike is that they serve tap water... boo. Overall I am happy this place opened. Now I have my go to Sushi place near work when I don't know what to eat for lunch.  Oh, they also have bobas!
5	Had the lunch special chicken and my friend had the lunch special beef and the salad, miso, and food was fresh and good sized portions.
4	Decided to give this a try for a quick bite of sushi tonight.  We ordered a few different rolls and ended up pleased with the quality.  The fish was fresh and well prepared.  Staff was attentive and helpful.  Its not a fancy place, but its also not as expensive as some of the other sushi joints on the westside.  I think there a lot of value on the menu, and we will be back.
3	Sushi rolls were pretty good. Nothing on the sushi menu really stood out but nothing was bad either. Nice to have a sushi spot down the street from home but would try other places before going back.
3	Went for the lunch special. We had one beef special and one chicken special. Each came with miso soup and a lettuce salad. The beef came with a California roll.  The service was friendly and attentive. The food tasty but not outstanding .  We enjoyed the California roll and hot tea.  It is a large restaurant with a small menu. They may have a tough time with several AYCE sushi spots within a 5-10 min drive.  Change to AyCE sushi and that would tempt me to return.
4	Came here for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised. First off, the location is pretty nice (right in the heart of Summerlin). The inside was big and spacious, well lit and decorated nicely. We were seated right away at a booth. The lunch special menu was very reasonably priced. I got the two-roll special which came with miso soup and salad. A full salmon roll and teriyaki chicken roll for only $8.50? Yes please! In all we ordered the fried eggplant, duck, crispy chicken, honey glazed wings, and Singapore noodles, all of which were quick to come out, but also very delicious. I especially loved the fried eggplant because it was seasoned perfectly and just slightly crispy on the outside and cut into manageable wedges. They tasted like french fries but better because it's healthier! What was also great about this place was our waitress was very courteous and attentive to our needs, she even took all the dishes we wanted to-go to the back and packaged them up for us. I had no complaints, so really the only reason I held back from giving five stars was that my tastebuds weren't completely blown away, and to be honest there aren't many places that have done that for me. Don't get me wrong though, this was still a very satisfying meal and I'd gladly come back to try some more sushi!
2	Stopped in for a quick dinner. Had the Sushi Combo 2 for $18, with a spicy tuna roll.Felt it was just alright, nothing terrible but I wouldn't want to order it again. service was great though.
