5	I love the Acacia Gardens and the park. The gardens are to the right when you drive into the park parking lot. The landscaping is beautiful and there are many photo opportunities here. When you walk the gardens you will come to a path and bridge the bikers use where when you look out you will see the Fiesta of Henderson across on the other side off the 215. When you look down at the rocks you see hundreds of chipmunks which can be a little like a horror flick possibly called  Attack the Chipmunks. The kids love to watch them. When you walk on the path to the park area you come to a dog area with a fenced area for large dogs and small dogs to play. Then to the right you have the baseball diamonds and to the left a big grass area where you can fly a kite or sunbathe. Then walking straight to the play area which as a swing set, water features and two structures, one for the real little ones and one for the older kids. There are two areas that are covered and can be rented for parties and the restrooms were clean and actually had doors on the bathroom stalls and toilet seats. I just love this park. I will post pictures real soon. You have to come here. Very nice with or without kids and with or without dogs.
4	I really like this park.  So first off, it has a dog park (why else would I go to a park if there was no place for the dog to run, seriously?), and that gets it major points.  When I moved back to the Henderson area, I went searching for this place and I'm glad I found it again.  It's off Horizon Ridge east of Gibson a bit in a residential area.The dog park here is on the small side but it's well-lit, clean, and there are poop-bag dispensers and a working water fountain at dog height.  Yay!  Also, for the most part, the people and the dogs tend to be pleasant. So the rest of the park is pretty awesome too! The acacia gardens provide a really soothing walk, though it is wise to keep your dog on a short leash because there are bunnies and quail that dart around.  I like the bunnies and the quail, so the dog is kept firmly in check.  There are large grass fields where I've seen soccer leagues and dog obedience trials going on, and the walk around the park is, again, well-lit and clean.Also, the parking is plentiful!Again, I really like this park and I'm glad to have rediscovered it.
4	This is a great park that overlooks the I-515 / I-215 interchange. It has connections to the Union Pacific Railroad Trail, and a dog park. It also has a nice looking baseball field, soccer field, and a tennis court that is lit at night. But if you have a 3 year old this place has a pretty enjoyable playground and a small water area that makes for a lot of fun on a summer day. A small shelter house with concrete picnic tables gives you a place to setup for a small picnic lunch, or if you go after dark the play area and shelter house was pretty well lit up and we felt safe here. . Overall Acacia is just another reason why I like living in Henderson.
4	The gardens themselves are lovely. A nice little oasis in the desert. We saw multiple bunnies & chipmunks. Theres a dogpark in this area too only drawback is if you dont know its there, youll never find it. Id rate this area a 5.The playground was just average - a 3. Averaged together you get a 4.  A nice place to play with the kids or the dogs.
5	Great place to go for a stroll, especially beautiful in the spring/summer, also amazing for pictures!
5	Love this park. Mikey plays in the splash pad for hours!!!!! Great for parties and family get togethers. BBQs next to splash pad and bathrooms. Lots to do for the whole family.
4	Cute neighborhood park.Decent sized playground, small splashpad, lots of open space, dog park, and the demonstration gardens.A decent-sized pavilion and a couple bbqs near the playground.Bonus is the connections to the Union Pacific RR trail.It's not too close to my house, but I might stop by on a long bike ride.
4	Great park with a lot to offer. A splash pad & 2 playgrounds for the kids. A basketball court and plenty of shaded eating areas to entertain with. A quaint little cactus garden to see plants & animals. The park is always well lit and maintained. WATCH OUT, for folks on their bikes. Most people are considerate but some can be douchebags who race through the park, like they're lance Armstrong. Other than that this is a great park the whole family can enjoy.
5	Great place to chill and relax. The park next to it has a huge field for football and soccer. Plus they have Baseball field, basketball court, and two small dog parks. Then the garden is also part of trail that you can use for walking, jogging, or biking.
5	This park is cool cus it has a 2 sides 1 for big dogs and 1 for small but if u have both no 1 has a problem w/ you bring your dog on either side! Not too many people around the morning time but it's best to come in the afternoon cus that way your doc can have some1 2play with!  overall this park is on my cool list too
4	A great park in the middle of town. It has a beautiful view of the mountains, tons of gardens, basketball courts, baseball field, paths for kids to scooter on, picnic tables and lots of benches in shade. I mainly just bike through while riding the Pacific Union trail but it's a pretty oasis in the middle of my ride.
4	Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a beautiful garden spot in the shadow of the Henderson Spaghetti Bowl and the Horizon Ridge Parkway residential communities in the foothills of Black Mountain*. When you are driving on eastbound I-215 onto Southbound US 93/95/I-515 and are picking up speed to merge, you are driving above Acacia Demonstration Gardens which would be on your right.  Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a 16 acre parkland of gardens and recreation. The gardens toward the east of the park occupy approximately four acres. First I'll talk about the gardens. Acacia is a demonstration garden because its mission is to demonstrate the kinds of trees, flowers, and plants that can survive in the heated climate of the Mojave Desert. The gardens are themed exhibits with informative signs that introduce the public to the horticulture and fauna of the Mojave Desert. The gardens include an Allergy Friendly Garden, Cactus Garden, Wildlife Friendly Garden, and Mediterranean Garden. These are pockets of Tranquility to sit on a bench and breath in the clean aroma of the plants. The plants include the Joshua Tree, beavertail cactus, quail Bush, and dwarf pomegranate.  A TIP: The Allergy Friendly Garden COULD be the most allergy free and nicest smelling spot in the Las Vegas Valley. Sitting here was a five star aroma therapy session . And sitting here I LEARNED that the creosote bush is the ultimate Bush for a sneeze free yard. I also learned from my research  that the plants that smell like bubble gum are Mountain Laurels.  Acacia Demonstration Gardens is also the home to some adorable critters. In the wash I have laid eyes on antelope squirrels and rabbits.  Acacia Demonstration is a remonstration of the stereotype that freeways destroy neighborhoods. From the gardens and recreation areas, the Henderson Spaghetti Bowl towers above the parkland as a work of modernism art.  Now I will talk about the remainder of the park. Between the recreation fields and playgrounds are the two dog parks. To the west of the dog parks are the green spaces of a soccer field, baseball field, and playground. Foot trails, benches, and picnic tables are interspersed throughout the park.   The last thing I want to say is that Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a jewel in the Henderson paved trail system. The Union Pacific Trail feeds into the park from the east and the Beltway Trail feeds into it from the west. These are first-rate trails. You can park at Acacia Trail then use the Union Pacific Trail that reaches just southwest of Railroad Pass to get near the Fiesta, Downtown Henderson, the stores at College and Horizon, and Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area. Or you can use the Beltway Trail to reach Stephanie Street that leads to Cornerstone Park on the north side of I-215.  I have been to Acacia Demonstration Gardens several times since I moved here in 2004. It has usually been a stop on the hikes that I did on the Union Pacific  and Beltway Trails. It has also been a garden spot where I chose to relax and breath in nature's aroma therapy. I  also spent time here during the year that I lived nextstore in Black Mountain Villas.   Acacia Demonstration Gardens is in bloom 365 days of year. This review has been a demonstration of why Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a tranquil garden spot that will bloom up your day. *This is a different Black Mountain than the one east of Anthem.
5	Yesterday, I decided to go to old Downtown Henderson but first I had to stop by my house for some grubbing.  My journey started At Amargosa Trail then headed east towards Stephanie Road ( my home is at Stephanie and Trail Canyon Road).  Around 7pm I decided to walk to Water Street from my home.  At first I got a little lost but once I got there, I totally missed the concert which I was supposed to attend but that didn't stop me from enjoying my evening. I took a few pictures of the Xmas decorations they have setup there and headed to Fiesta Henderson.  I stayed there for at least 2 hours.  I was planning my next trail to hike.  I headed to Fiesta Trail heading westbound.  I was on this trail I found this gem.  Even if it was at night, this place is just stunning.  I couldn't believe all the plants and wildlife you see in a small patch of land just adjacent to the train tracks.  Simply aw inspiring.  I highly recommend anyone to check out this beauty, especially those outdoor enthusiast.
