3	I just exited the freeway and there was their big sign facing the street, Filipino Food! Great timing, I decided to stop by.Restaurant was roomy and staff were very nice. The place is new, opened a week ago. They did inform me of another location much smaller.My order:Lechon Kawali: Flavorful, skin was great, not too fattySinigang na pork: Soup wasn't as sour as they traditionally are, meat not so tender but it did satisfyOverall, not bad.. I will try their pancit and adobo next time around just cause its the actual name of the store!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my take-out experience at Pancit Adobo. The ladies working the front of the restaurant were warm and welcoming and aided me in ordering since I was a little confused.Just so everyone is aware, they have 1 and 2 item combos - a couple of things on the menu are excluded from the combo plates but they will inform you of that as soon as you order it. I brought home a two item plate with milkfish (low bone content), lechon, and I also ordered talong (eggplant omelet w/pork. All very good and closer to Centennial Hills.
4	I had the garlic rice with lechon and adobo. I was in heaven. This would have been a 5 star rating if they had gisantes.
4	The customer service was excellent and the food is really authentic. Since I'm Filipino, I grew up around yummy Filipino food,  So I'm really picky when it comes to places that say they are "authentic".  I can honestly say that Pancit-Adobo's food is delicious and it tastes just like my Lola used to make!My recommendation:Pancit Bihon, Chicken adobo and bbq chicken skewers
4	While on vacation visiting my brother and fam, I was craving some homecooking. Back home in SF Bay Area, I'm way too skilled on where to go. Vegas? I need just a teeny bit o' help. I based our selection on Yelp reviews and you guys are right! This place is fabu!Feeding my bro and his fam bam consists of me, my daughter, bro, his wife, and their 3 boys. I was able to spend $60 on loads of food and have lefties for the next day! Pancit Bihon, Chicken Adobo, Shanghai Lumpia, Mechado, and one mango slushy = YUM YUM EH YUM YUM! I thought the lumpia was overcooked. Bit down and the wrap separates from the filling.We ordered to go late dinnertime-ish (8pm). There were 2 booths in folks so the place was quiet that I could figure out what to buy on a Vegas budget! The staff was helpful in making my portion decisions and even offered a sample of their Adobo Rice...sadly, they were out. BUT THE OFFER WAS NICE! ^.^They offer catering When I'm back visiting the fam bam, I'll be back to Rock Spring's Pancit Adobo! I can't wait to go in for some breakfast! And if you know what's good for ya', you'll get a mango smoothie. YUMMO!
1	Although there is table service, Pancit Adobo has a large buffet from which the server scoops out the orders. They look interesting and tempting on the buffet with a large selection of mostly fried foods. My family is well versed in many different types of ethnic foods and we are always ready to try new things. We are absolute novices when it comes to Filipino food and I would have appreciated a bit more guidance when ordering at this restaurant. We ordered about five dishes, some of which I am sorry to say I don't remember. The pancit was good as was the Beef Adobo, but some of the other dishes we ordered we found inedible (might have been from an admitted lack of Filipino ordering savvy on our part). We got a squid dish that was soggy, squishy and very fishy. Perhaps it is supposed to be that way? We normally love squid in a variety of recipes, but we found this disgusting. Untouched, save the small taste each of us spit out, the server never asked if she could perhaps replace the order with something else. Although friendly, she didn't bother to ask if we liked our food.WORST of all was the SMALL ROACH that scampered across my daughter's booth seat which we had to sweep to the floor and stamp on. This was done while the waitress was in front of us, delivering our food.  She scarcely acknowledged it and did not even apologize.We will not return.
4	What happened?  They're closed for business!
2	I would have given the quality of food just ONE STAR but added another star due to the next following discoveries. I gave it another star since they had a band that night and the TAHO dessert was good. (who can go wrong with TAHO....)SIZE OF THE PLACE: Quite spacious,  lots of tables, good size dance floor if needed.ATMOSPHERE:  nothing too exciting,  the floor had a sticky feel.  and the tables felt unclean.   There were I think two flat screens which I'm sure they have TFC (The Filipino Channel) running all the time unless they had entertainment.BATHROOM:  We got there around 7'ish and not too many people....so to find the bathroom stall with no toilet paper and unkempt...was not a good impression to me.  *****Now let's talk about the food- it's what makes or break your establishment:1- i caught a glimpse of the 'cook' through the little window to the kitchen and saw him hold up the giant spoon (the kind used to cook with) and taste out of it...WHICH IS GIANT NO-NO- known to all real chefs)Buffet  for $19.99 (includes two drinks) was being offered that night probably due to the band performing.  I was informed there were other foods out but had been put away since it was getting close to buffet time --7:00pm.  ***NOTE***for the price of the buffet...which is competitive with a lot of different buffets in Las Vegas....they charged way too much for the limited selection they had.  -PANCIT:  it wasn't too bad-Adobo:  I'm sorry to say but ....very disappointing, it lacked taste and ....TASTEBeing that the name of the restaurant, I would expect more -Lumpia:  it's as if fillers were used to stretch the filling and was weird cuz the wrap separated from the "meat".  Tasted as if old oil was used.  Dinuguan;  the meat or whatever was used was chopped so small so you cannot tell what was actually used.  Sauce was very thinTuron:  All wrap
