4	If your looking for Bar food in the city of Middleton this is the place to go. They have excellent burgers. And honestly their fries are some of the best I have had.Ive been there only twice and have never had anything else on the menu other than the cheeseburger but it was excellent as far as burgers go. My friend got the cheese steak...which looked awesome too. Worth checking out if your looking for a burger/sandwich...and prices are quite good.
3	Quick review: Stopped in for lunch today, with the intention of sampling their Friday Fish special. $7 gets you 2 pieces of deep fried cod, fries, slaw, roll, and soda.  Fish was solid - nicely done, especially for the price and speed.Detailed review:I'd never visited the Middleton Sport Bowl prior to today, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  We arrived exactly at noon, parked, and made our way to the bar, where we found two seats and were promptly greeted by a bartender.We both ordered the lunch special - 2 piece deep fried cod plate with fries, slaw, tartar, dinner roll, and soda.  The bartender took our order and came back with a complimentary bowl of popcorn, which was a nice surprise.Plates arrived about 10 minutes later - the fish was appropriately sized, as were the fries - no imbalance, and portions were fair.The fish itself had a flavorful beer batter that was a little thicker than what you'll typically find at most places, but it was delicious and I welcomed the extra crunch.Inside, the fish itself was a tad watery with just a hint of grease - not anything outrageous, but just enough to sense that it was there.  Flavor of the fish was incredibly mild; the batter stole some of its thunder.  The fries were excellent - battered-style and straight cut.  I'm told the slaw and tartar were "average."  Dinner roll was hard and dry.Total lunch bill for two: $14.64, and we were in-and-out within 35 minutes.  Totally acceptable and a good lunch, all things considered.Middleton Sport Bowl = NEUTRALFood = 2.75 to 3 stars (average; not bad, not spectacular)Service = 3.5 stars (prompt and friendly)Value = 4 stars MISC = 3 stars (actually seemed to be a nice bowling alley/bar)Summary: Not a win, nor a fail.  I'd go back for the fish at lunch, and will definitely be back to sample other foods - the sandwiches looked really good.
3	Middleton Sport Bowl is kind of a mixed bag.  I'll briefly break down how I gauge them (I've been many times, both before and after the renovation)Facility:  Great environment, a reasonable number of lanes (although not as many as other alleys in the area), a roomy bar with TVs for the sports games, and an upstairs that has both pool as well as a rental area that hosts private functions or tournaments.Cost:  Fairly cheap if you go on open bowling nights, I think it's around $1 or $2 a game plus shoes.  I'm sure it's hiked up otherwise.  Open Bowling is usually after 9pm during the week and not a bad option.  We used to go on Thursdays which seems to be a good night for them.Food:  It's typical bar food.  They have good cheese curds, and the usual fare that you'd see at an alley.  Nothing to write home about but if you're in the mood for a greasy burger you probably won't go wrong.Service:  I cannot stand the people that work at the counter.  There's a couple of older guys (50-60+) who obviously hate life and want to project that on you when you're there.  Everytime I've gone in I've tried to be courteous and polite, and asked simple basic questions like "I'd like to get a lane, there's 3 of us and we all need shoes" etc, etc.  These guys first look at you like you walked into the wrong bar, and then respond with gruff, 2 second answers that doesn't help either party move the process along.  It's really irritating because I've gone to this alley off and on for probably about 10 years or so, and it's always been like that.  The bartenders, when you get a woman, are usually friendly and don't share the same attitude.Personally I'm more of a Schwoeglers guy, but their prices for open bowling are more expensive and the atmosphere is noiser, so Sport Bowl sometimes wins out.
4	Hadn't been to the SportBowl for quite some time, but visited for lunch today, thanks to a hot-tip about the burgers and curds.  Some co-workers had been raving about them, and ever the skeptic, I had to verify the claims for myself.Arrived at around noon on a Friday, and copped-a-squat at one of the numerous bar stools.  A very friendly bartender walked over, menu in hand, and asked what I'd like to drink.  I ordered an iced tea, and browsed the menu.Tea arrived within a minute, and I placed my order: cheese curds and a bacon cheeseburger, with pepper jack, cooked medium, please.The bartender left with my order, and I passed the time by watching the Big-10 basketball tournament and gazing around at the large and expansive bar area.The food arrived, and it looked spectacular.  Let's start with the curds.Friends, I know curds.  Believe me.  You can read all you want about the "awwwesome" and "amaaaaaazing" curds from the Old Fashioned - those suck.  Point blank - they suck.  They're greasy, they're usually over-cooked, and they're bland.What "saves" the OF's curds is their tiger sauce.  And I don't care who you are, but to borrow from another reviewer, "Sauce does not a good curd make" (sorry Doctress, I saw your line in the El Tigre review, and had to borrow it).  The Sport Bowl's curds are DEFINITELY homemade.  You can tell simply by looking at them that these offerings begin as simple, unbreaded curds, are battered and rolled in a breading (probably Cornflake or cracker?), and then carefully deep-fried.And the result speaks for itself.  They are EXCELLENT.  So good (see photo).  The bartender confirmed they take 'bare' curds, and give 'em the batter/breading treatment, all to order.  I believe him.  You need to believe me - these are the best curds you'll find outside of Green County.The burger was equally excellent, and I'm going to go on record to say the burgers here are without a doubt in the Top 3 for Madison-area burgers.  Knoche's Market supplies the beef.  It's hand-pattied and grilled to perfection.  I asked for medium and received a true medium burger.  The burger wasn't dry and it wasn't greasy.  It had a delicious smokey, charcoaled flavor that instantly brought back memories of mid-summer grill-nights back home...The pepperjack had a nice kick, and the bacon served as pork-icing on the cow cake (I'd have said 'beef cake' but that's a bit over-the-top).The bun was light and airy - very fresh tasting and lightly toasted.  The burger was so good that I'd have no problem eating it completely plain - burger and bun alone.  That's saying something.Middleton SportBowl = WINFood = 4.75 starsValue = 4.5 starsService = 4 starsMISC = 3.5 stars (not super inviting environment, but it's a bar/bowling alley)Summary:- Best curds in Madison- Top 3 burger in Madison-area- Go.
2	Cheap food, but everything fried on a Friday tastes like fish.  Probably not a big deal if you like fish taste, but I don't.
2	Let's start this review at a 3-star (A-OK = not good/not bad) rating.+1 star: They have a Badger Bus for home-game weekends. It costs $5, and includes a coupon for a free drink when you get back from the game.+1 star: The bowling alley looks nice. It's a small space, but clean-looking. I don't know prices. I'll give them the +1 for appearances.-2 stars: The food is terrible. TERRIBLE. After the WIS v UTEP game, the wife ordered boneless Buffalo chicken wings. They came out deep fried and hard, with almost no flavor -- there was NO BUFFALO SAUCE ON THE WINGS! (We think the B-sauce might have been fried onto the chicken, but, if so, the flavor was lost in frying).-1 star: The service was lacking. Following the game, with all 50+ people who had just come back on the Badger Bus, there were only 2 servers, and they were also the bartenders! Service was slow, haphazard, and careless -- the guy never once asked how the food was, nor did he ever actually stop at the table except long enough to take our order. Drinks were dropped on the fly, the food was all but thrown as he whizzed by ...Overall, 2 stars. I'll go back for the Badger Bus and the bowling, but I will NEVER eat there again.
4	Like to stop here on Fridays,as your first drink is free. That's right not 2 for 1, free! Had a burger on last visit which was quite possibly the best I have ever had! Fresh,hand patted,with a great bun. Craving another as we speak..Service OK.
4	A co-worker of ours just got a promotion/transfer, and as part of his farewell/send-off, he requested we join him for lunch at the Sport Bowl.I can't expand much from my previous review(s)... the burgers are still in the Top 3 for Madison, the curds are in the Top 2.  This is primarily a burger/fries/curds place; everyone in our party ordered burgers (save for me and my boss - we both ordered salads), and every burger was perfectly cooked and earned rave reviews.The salads aren't anything special; processed meats, iceberg lettuce, mediocre veggies.  I would've loved to have one of those succulent burgers, but I'm in the zone with my diet/exercise these days.  Lunch specials include a free soda/iced tea as well.
5	I'm not reviewing this place as a bowling alley, since I don't have the expertise to know what constitutes a good bowling experience.  If the shoes fit, the ball rolls down the lane, and the pins fall down, it's fine.This review is all about the food.  Which, if you can't tell by the number of stars above these paragraphs, is pretty tasty.  To start, the cheese curds are required eating.  I think they just take cheddar cheese cubes, bread them, and fry them, but they are delicious when fresh.  Make sure to eat them quick, however, because, like all cheese curds, they harden when they cool and have a weird texture after that point.  When you think bar food, you think burgers.  And the burgers at the Sport Bowl are excellent.  Not only are they excellent, they are fairly priced as well.  At lunch, you can get a burger + fries (battered!) + soda for eight bucks.  I can see some people thinking the burgers are too greasy, but the grease gives you a delightful "contented, weighed down, and fuzzy-brained" feeling afterwards.  A quick rundown on other items I've tried: the meatball sub was so-so, but huge.  Go to Gino's a mile away if you're craving meatballs.  The turkey club is stacked high and tastes exactly as you would expect.  The patty melt is just a burger on bread, so obviously it rules hard.  The pizza is decent, with a crust that tastes like Pizza Hut's deep dish.  The fish fry is a lot of good food for a good price.  The "Philly" cheesesteak is too greasy even for me.The best part about the Sport Bowl is that if you feel some postprandial guilt for your frenzied ingestion of large amounts of fat and grease, you can pop over to Willy West next door to get an organic hippie-smoothie.  But it will probably cost more than your entire meal here.
4	Great burgers, sad fish. We do a weekly managers meeting and everyone takes turns choosing the location. One of the guys choose the Madison Sports Bowl. I ordered the fish, when the food came to the table I saw beautiful hand pattied burgers, hand dipped onion rings, then came my fish. Sad flat, boring, breading right off the Sysco truck. What a disappointment. Today we made a second trip and I ordered the burger and onion rings. I'm very happy!
5	Ever since their renovation, this place has knocked it out of the park.  This is THE place to go for a cold beer after a softball game.  Hungry?  No problem!  Their menu is extensive and everything that I've had has been excellent.I especially recommend the pizza - you don't expect great pizza from a bowling alley, but they do a great job.  It's a favorite of ours.  Their burgers are top notch as well.  I haven't had the gyros, but a friend of mine raves about them.  The kids menu is great - my little guy destroyed their mini corn dogs.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The owners put a lot of hard work and time into this place, and it shows.  On a cool summer evening, you can't beat sitting out on the patio with a cold one.
