1	I've lived in this community for close to two years now, and all was fine, but recently, a bad element has been allowed to take over, and its only getting worse. Time to move out of the ghetto, and into a quiet well managed community.
4	Because of a company project, I was relocated from Marina Del Rey CA, to Las Vegas NV, as a consumer my family and I searched the net deciding where to rent.   Pricing, Location,Safety and Value was an issue, and we were lucky to find our new Apt  Home, wonderful grounds and a Gated Community!!!!   which is important to us, having a 9 yr old daughter, if we had any problems,  The Boulders mgr and associates would respond to our needs quicky and professionally in order to make our living experience Worry Free!!   Please make no mistake, nothing is perfect!   However,   if we had to stay another year,  This would be the Place!!!!!
1	By far the worst place I've lived as far as apartment living goes. Moved in at the beginning of Feb and nothing was ready. I mean no lights worked, hanging smoke detectors off the ceiling, dishwasher spewed water from top of sink, cabinets were dirty, Windows were not closings, screens busted, dryer not hooked up, ice machine not working, cracked tiles everywhere, carpet coming up, broken glass at bottom of stairs everywhere when we moved in, closet rod Brown not properly installed, and I'm sure I'm missing some things. So ok we place a work order and it's like pulling teeth to get anything done. I had to contact the corporate office then the regional office finally things get done but only half ass it seems. No communication between office and maintenance. They tried to say since I never give permission to enter that's the problem when we clearly ask for a courtesy call and never get one. My girlfriend is pregnant and this has been a nightmare. We both agree this is the worst place we have both lived. Giving one star is generous. I feel like we were smoked and mirrored. They say they want to be "resort style" living will maybe if you stay at a motel 6 even then you probably get better service.  Don't let the model apartments fool you. Look for something else. I didn't look at the reviews but if I did I wouldn't have bothered with this place.
5	Love living here! They allow me to have my Doberman, gated entrance, alarms in apartments, dog parks throughout and multiple pools. I am very happy to call this place home! Only downfall is no assigned parking however I have yet to have to park far from my front door.
2	The apartment themselves are fine and the complex is quiet, but the property management company is terrible. I have lived here just over a year and have never gotten a maintenance issue resolved or a question answered with any less than three phone calls. The staff is very nice and friendly but they never follow up with what they are actually supposed to do but instead seem focused on saying whatever they need to to get people out of the office or off the phone. When my lease expired, they did not give me sufficient written notice that they would be increasing my rent, but tried to do so anyway.
1	I have lived at The Boulders for a while (4 years now), and I have to say, within the last two years, this is not a place I would recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to live. Once the office staff was turned over to new management, it has been a struggle to get the most basic things taken care of. The office staff is unprofessional, unresponsive (the phone often goes straight to voicemail, and if you leave one, it won't get answered for a few days), and rude. They treat this has strictly a business with little consideration that people ACTUALLY LIVE HERE. No consideration that this is someone's home, that we should feel safe and well-taken care of for the exorbitant rent we pay. I called on multiple occasions to let them know that there was a long line of cars trying to get in the front gate every night, and that it wasn't working properly. The response? "You have to push the numbers slowly or it won't work." Um, I know how to enter the gate code of a complex I've lived at longer than you've worked here. Please don't insult my intelligence. It's not working properly, that's why I'm calling!!!The veteran maintenance men are friendly and by far the best people on the staff. However, on several occasions, we have requested work orders that were never fulfilled upon by the office staff (one of which being the electrical outlets in one of the bathrooms that haven't worked for well over a year, which I have given up on getting fixed). I have also had newer maintenance crew members I was not familiar with try to let themselves into my apartment with the maintenance key while I was home and not expecting them. The excuse? "Oh sorry, wrong unit." What the heck? And how did The Boulders handle it? They didn't. The landscapers come way too early and it's impossible to sleep-in at the complex, so I hope you're an early-riser. Most recently, the landscapers trimmed/pruned the trees and bushes of the complex, and left the excess material for 3 days on the lawn! Where are people supposed to walk their dogs or let their kids run around? Oh wait, there's enough dog feces around this complex to fertilize an acre of crops, so you won't want your children running around anyway. And I hope you don't have allergies, with the ridiculous landscaping that takes place every day, all day. It's only a facade, since the interiors have not been well-maintained. Old plumbing, A/C units, electricity, and appliances are The Boulders special. The parking is a nightmare. My car has been vandalized, stolen and recovered by the police, and towed while I was in the hospital due to an expired temp moving permit after it was stolen the week before (mentioned previously). Did anyone in the office call to see what was going on with the temp permit? No, they just towed it the day it expired. I lost my car because of that incident. And I hope the office isn't expecting the parking tag back, as it was in the car that they had towed. Not that the parking tags mean a damn thing, since people park wherever they want. But I can guarantee they'll charge me for it upon move-out. The office and upper management at the corporate level are unsympathetic and only in the business of making money off the poor souls who have signed part of their life away to the lease. This place is not as safe as they make you believe. A gated community only works if you screen the people who move in. I have several friends who do live here (not upon my recommendation) that have had their units broken into, patio/porch vandalized, cars broken into or stolen, and who have been harassed by other tenants. And the security staff? Incompetent. In fact, my scariest moment during my time here involved a security guard, who has since been fired. The rent has been steadily increasing since I've moved in, and I've had to pay more with each lease I sign. What is this money being spent on, because it certainly hasn't been going to any maintenance work orders to benefit me in any form. Lastly, they took away the overnight rent drop (due to the rampant vandalism and thugs that move have been moving in). So you'll have to drop your check off during the office hours. I hope you don't work a normal shift of 9-5, because you'll have to miss work to make sure your rent is paid. Unless of course you want to pay your rent via the online portal that charges you a high fee for paying with a credit card. You choose how you'll be inconvenienced and mistreated, here at The Boulders. That's their game.
4	The view is great.  In a nice quiet area.  Easy access to highway.  Friendly staff and great service.
