5	You have not been to a Farmer's Market until you've been here. Amazing, fresh, Mennonite and European meats, baked goods, dairy products, and crafts as well antiques, furniture, freshly grown fruits and vegetables and standard flea-market fare. Go as early as possible to beat the crowds, but honestly, facing the throngs is part of the experience!
4	If you are a cook you have to check out the St. Jacob's Farmer's Market.  There is an insane number of raw, fresh ingredients ranging from meat, vegetables, fruit, cheese, spices, and freshly baked bread.  Not interested in cooking, the market has also has a large selection of goods.  Either way, just make sure you are carrying cash, the preferred and easier payment method.  While you are there, you need to check out the auctions.  It will give you an increased appreciation for the life of a farmer.
5	One of the nicest farmers markets I've been to. There are vendors outside in the parking lot and also many...many more inside the farm houses/barn style buildings. In one of the buildings they have a wide selection of food, supposedly pizza junction is pretty famous here, but since i didn't really feel like pizza, I had the sausage sandwich from the vendor right next to it and it was pretty good. Unfortunately, they were out of the fried onion topping so i got sauerkraut instead :(I don't know what it is, but Canadians seem to be big orange soda drinkers. Its not really that popular at all in California because I never see it. But here, I see it everywhere. Just an observation that I thought was weird. "kel looooves orange soda" heheAnyway , on the first floor there are many food vendors and on the second level you can find clothing , accessories, and trinkets. Being a foodie, I was only interested in the first floor. I bought some maple syrup from a vendor who makes it himself. His name was Edgar Gingrich and he seemed really passionate about his product and family business. He had different variations of maple syrup, ranging from light to strong in flavor. After sampling some of the different ones, I decided to purchase the medium flavor one for some friends. You can definitely taste the difference in quality as compared to traditional big company produced versions.Other than that? I thought it was interesting to see young Mennonite girls/women working in some of the food places. That, along with the whole country setting the place had, made it really unique and also made me want to try out more places than I usually do.All in all, a really charming farmers market, albeit very crowded. Will have to come back again to try all the different places.**Update: After hearing how good the apple fritters were, I had to go back here. I'm not big on sweets, but the apple fritters with vanilla ice cream and maple syrup were delicious! This is a local favorite and I recommend it to anyone who visits this gem of a market!
5	St. Jacob's Farmer's Market feels like a carnival for adults.  And kids.  WITH AN OPTION TO PONY RIDE!  Caps warranted, mmmk?I can't believe that I've lived in easy drivable distance to the amazingness housed at 878 Weber Street N for so long without making it a regular destination.  As I'm wont to do with enthusiastic reviews, I'm going to launch into some excited descriptive bullet points:- mini-barrels of lemonade and iced tea (complete with cheery cocktail straw) to sip on as we walked the aisles- a used clothing section where I found a vintage Hudson's Bay heritage duffel coat (trying that wool coat on in the heat of summer?  I suffer for fashion, you guyz).  It was going for a fraction of what it would sell for in Toronto- fresh produce beautifully presented and so affordably priced that made me want to buy in bulk and take up a hobby like...canning.  Purchased: corn x many, peppers, onions, zucchini, peaches- food stalls that are great for on-the-spot n0ms.  Standards like hot dogs and fry trucks, but also amazing grilled wild salmon sandwiches, samosas, and asian dumplings (6 for $2.14!  ZOMGZ)- deserving of its own bullet point: there is a great Mennonite presence at the Market, and their baked goods are not to be missed (bumbleberry pie: I eat you!)- the Market features an outdoor section, but also an indoor building with permanent stalls.  European deli (think: many smoked and cured meats) as well as a second floor with artisanal wares (here we're talking: knitwear, pottery, kitchen supplies)Read this phonetically: Ah-MAH-ZING.  Yelp note: early bird gets worm, etc.  As the day wears on it gets hotter, more populated, and generally more stressful if you're visiting with kids and/or a pack of gawking Torontonians.  Also: stop in at an ATM; cash just makes every transaction easier here.
5	I just love farmers' market with all the fresh goodies but I always have a problem with waking up early enough on the weekend to actually make it. A few Saturday ago, I finally manage to wake up extra early to make a mini trip to St Jacobs Farmers' Market in Waterloo; it is Canada's largest year-round farmers' market. It was very packed, I assume it's because I went on a Saturday and also due to the perfect sunny weather.Other than the Farmers' Market building, there was also a big Outdoor Market and a Flea Market both indoor and out. Surrounding the market, there was also an Antique Market, Outlet Mall and Furniture stores.... You can basically stay for hours, so make sure to bring a cooler if you decide to tackle the market first and that's what we did to ensure we get all the goodies since the Farmers' Market close at 3:30pm earlier than the other building (but remember that prices will likely drop at the end) First thing first, we look for something to eat first since we were starving after the long drive and we basically bought the first thing we see =PGrampa's Soft PretzelsThe pretzels are made right in front of you, you can see the lady rolling out the dough and twisting it.We got the classic Cinnamon Sugar at $3.00, the pretzels was so soft and served hot. So Good!!!  Perogie Palace I ask Ben to wait in line for the apple fritters while I went to grab some Perogies. Dinner Special : 8 Cheddar & Potato Perogies w/ bacon, caramelized onion and sour cream for $4.50The Fritter Co. (@frittercompany)This was the highlight of the day, this was super good and a MUST TRY Slices apples coated with batter, deep fried and cover with cinnamon sugar, it's the best breakfast that you can ever have. You will likely see a long line up especially around noon but it's definitely worth the wait.We got one Dozen $8.50 and the 4 of us finish most of it. I bought home the last 3-4pcs and I have to say it doesn't taste as good anymore even after re-heating, so I would recommend to eat it fresh and it will be easy since it's so so good Full of Beans Coffee BarThis is just the cutest coffee shop, we just can't resist to get another cup of joe even after having a Venti on the drive up. Verdict : Love it and will definitely go back soon Will probably eat that whole dozen of apple fritters by myself next time =PTips : ~ Have a cooler ready in the car for the ride home and in case you want to browse the neighborhood~ Go with friend(s) so that you can share all the goodies since a lot of veggies are sold in bulk~ Be nice to mother nature and bring your own bags or a small trolley to carry everything in. Frankly you are doing yourself a favor since it will hurt your hand to haul all your purchase in plastic bags.~ Make sure to drop by T&J Seafood afterwards to get some fresh, yummy and affordable seafood (highly recommend the smoked salmon)
5	You'll never want to shop in a supermarket again.  It has great produce and amazingly fresh meat. I noticed that I have more money left over each month since I switched from shopping at supermarkets.On days of the week when St. Jacob's is closed I go to Herrle's Country Farm Market, which is open 7 days/week in season.  (That place is a store on a farm, not a market where many farmers compete.)
5	I recently just relocated back to Waterloo and this is the one place I just had to go to again. My last residence had plenty of farmers markets but nothing like this one. St. Jacob's market being a tourist attraction is the largest market in Canada. It has everything you need, fresh fruits vegetables, meats, bakery items, candy, and more - along with a fantastic food court. I love that its local food and cheap prices. Open Thursdays and Saturdays making it a weekly stop.
5	I love St Jacob's market primarily for the food. It's a decent size market and of course quite more enjoyable in summer when you can find organic fruits and veggies but even now there are goodies to eat and buy. To start with the Apple Fritter Co. I would give them 4 stars, my friends decided 6 stars, so we voted, I lost. 5 stars it is! If you are into meats boy oh boy, steaks and chicken, lamb, sausages, home smoked ham and bacon, you name it. What is interesting is that there is quite a variety of authentic international foods: Egyptian, Polish, Moroccan. I repeat authentic. And what else is nice, it's doggy friendly. It's like a dog show, you can see all breads and some owners are kind enough to let you play with their pooch. You can also see the local Amish people which adds character to the market.
5	As with the farmers market in Kitchener, this place is MASSIVE. And with that, a claustrophobic's worst nightmare. The crowding is so intense, I'm surprised nobody has had a full-on meltdown in there. But enough about the only negative comment I could think of.Oh sweet lord, the FOOD. They have so many delicious items here, it's ridiculous. From perogies to fresh and huge pastries, to fudge, to BBQ, to jams and pies, there isn't a single food itch you can have that this place won't scratch. Not wanting to wait in too many lines, I ate small. My fave item that I tasted was a huge smoked turkey pepperoni stick. Just amazing! Upstairs they also have quite a few Mennonite stands, selling handmade items, clothing, and other cute stuff.I love this place so much, but the crowding really is insane, so try to go as early as you can, before the horde arrives.
5	We've been to a lot of neat Farmers Markets over the years in many locations. But this is one of the best one's we've ever experienced. Great farm produce, great food vendors, great layout.Would love to return someday. Your Farmers Market sets the bar.Job well-done
4	Huge farmer's market is rendered a bit difficult for Toronto late sleepers by its early opening and closing times on Saturdays.  It is worth a trip however.  There is a large assortment of local produce along with a lot of flea market stuff.  Many of the produce vendors are bonneted Mennonite ladies.  Despite the crowds parking seems more than  adequate what with a rather sparse outlet mall next door and a big antique market across the street along with lots of space on premises.   Prices are much better for fruit than Toronto farmer's markets and a little more hit or miss on vegetables.  The non-food items are a bit too "rural" in taste for me but it is fun to look at them.  As other reviewers mentioned, lots of prepared foods and there were some very good buys on maple syrup if one chose larger quantities.  Colourful and worth taking a camera.  I should also note that the nearby village of St. Jacobs is hyped up but architecturally and scenically uninteresting - go to Elora instead.
2	I seriously do not understand the appeal of this place. Having gone to st.lawrence market, st. jacobs and CNE, i think i've had enough of these "touristy markets". Almost everything here is overpriced compared to a regular supermarkets. I sampled some of the meat and cheese, i really didn't think they were unique compared to the cheese section at zehrs. Also, most of the butcher stands seem really unsanitary and there were a lot of mixing of different food products. The chicken breasts and pork chops were more expensive than supermarket and isn't really that much fresher. The veggies and fruits are definitely not local, most of them are from california or south america, again i don't see why you need to come here to get your product. If you are interested in novelty food, why not go to vincenzos. it's much cleaner and easier to get to. I also tried the much raved about perogies, again just frozen perogies nothing special.tl:dr- nothing you can't find at a regular supermarket for cheaper. someone please convince me why I need to come here.
4	It pains me to write this as this is probably our absolute fav Farmers Market, but yesterday (Sept 2, 2013) a big fire destroyed the main building.  Latest news report is here ---  http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/kitchener-waterloo/story/2013/09/02/waterloo-st-jacobs-fire.htmlNot sure what they will do in the interim - but if you are intending to go out there, please be sure to check and make sure that some of the stalls are open.Please note that some of the shops in town may have some items on offer.  The Stone Crock has a good bakery and there is a butcher shop next door to it.
5	The market is outstanding! There is everything you can possibly imagine. There are two buildings full of crafts, food, clothing, home decor etc... as well as an out door market with other handcrafted goods, food and produce. KW is surrounded by amazing farmland and you will find many farmers selling with produce and handcrafted items here weekly. This makes it a true farmer's market and not one in name alone. People come from all around the city and out of town to come to this market for the day. It's a great way to spend a Saturday nod take in an experience you might not normally have the chance to and pick up a few things along the way. Definitely worth the trip to St. Jacobs!
4	Since I work every Saturdays, I never have a chance to visit St Jacob's Farmer's Market till now. I am not really sure what I missed since I never experienced the way it used to be, before the fire that completely destroyed the main building on Sept 2013.But I still have an enjoyable time. The new building of course is a lot more modern with such high ceiling and skylights. The washroom is just so clean... Cheese, Meat, Honey, Flowers, Vegetables. Fruits, Baked Produces.. you can find them all here. Definitely a more memorable experience than shopping at my usual grocery stores!Sadly it was freezing cold on the day I visited, the outdoor market area was really quiet.Hopefully I will be back again on a Nice Summer or Fall day to enjoy the vibrate vibe of St Jacob's Farmer's Market.Kudo for everyone that work so hard to rebuild the Market after the fire!
5	WHY have I never been here before?!?!?  I've definitely been missing out!  Since this was my first time I don't know what it was like before the fire but I had so much fun strolling through the fruit and veggie stands while drinking fresh OJ and munching on scrumptious apple fritters, veal sandwiches, fish on bun, amongst other goodies.  I love to cook as much as I love to eat so this was heaven to me!  I've been to the st. Lawrence market in Toronto and like it but don't enjoy paying a premium for my food.  Everything here was fresh and either the same price as the grocery store or even less expensive.  If I had lived around here I'd definitely be here every weekend!  We have family in Guelph so I guess we will be visiting more often!  It does get really busy though and the parking lot is a bit of a zoo.  My loot:- giant zucchini for 75 cents!- 3 pints of super sweet raspberries for $10- cucumber 50 cents- fresh basil and dill - $1/bunch- big bag of baby portobellos $6- green and yellow beans - $4/pail- fresh corn - $3/6- bucket of blueberries $5- pail of apricots $5- pepperettes - $5/bag- 6 pecan butter tarts $5- pail of baby potatoes $3- strawberries and blackberries $1/package- red kale $2.5/bunch- broccoli $1.5/bunchI would have bought meats but stupid me forgot to bring a cooler.  Must remember for next time because there WILL be a next time!
4	Its quite big!Well if you are looking for fresh produce, this is the place. The market is divided into 3 parts... A flee market, tuesday market and open flour local produce. The flee market is covered and has lot of leather stores and much more. Where as the Tuesday market section has Cheese, Meat, Baked goods and much more. Whereas the open market has Fresh Vegetables. Fruits, Baked Produces, Juice...The Market has a Outlet mall and an Antiques store near by. Which are good to take a break and enjoy some air conditioning in the summer. The Antique store is quite awesome if you are into fun old signs, coins and trucks.
4	Friendly people and Fresh produce. Great place to take the family on a weekend morning
5	Went here early October.. And the weather was suddenly a lot colder than just a few days ago but there was still SO MANY PEOPLE! I came here in the summer once before one of the main buildings burned down, and even with the warm weather then, it seemed like there was less people back then than now..not sure why, maybe harvesting time in October?Anyways, this is a great place to visit if you're in the area! It's a market that sells everything from fresh produce, flowers, meats, crafts etc and it has an area that sells  cooked food. The produce generally is a bit cheaper than the supermarkets, and arguably may be fresher as well!I mainly came cause of the famous apple fritters, which is a MUST when you come here. The line was looong (probably a 15-20 min wait) and made the building quite packed. But the wait is well worth it! As I was sitting down and nomming my fritters, 2 people came up to me to ask where I had bought them from. Also, I got a box of a dozen fritters for $9.75.. And as per the picture, there's more than 12. This is mainly cause some of the fritters are smaller so the staff stuffed more fritters in to ensure everyone gets a similar amount - how nice! :)The new tent that they set up to replace the burned building is just as nice, if not cleaner and better! So for any of those that are thinking there's less stuff in St.Jacob's market now, you're wrong! Hardly any changes! Keep coming :)
