2	First off, the food was fine.  Nothing I can't get at the other two made-to-order burrito places nearby, but good.  But in a world with so many burrito choices, I won't be going back to Pancheros.  The service was kind of slow but they did just open so we'll give them a pass.  They didn't have enough food prepared which forced us to wait while they made small quantities that they were bound to run out of again soon.  They said "that's what happens when you cook fresh".  I dunno, maybe I'm in the minority here but I don't really mind if my cooked veggies sit in a warming pan for a few hours.  Another thing about the food-they are VERY skimpy on the scoops!  I've never noticed this at Chipotle or Q'doba, both of those places ladle it on like they're fattening you up for market.  But this place was seriously measuring out very scant scoops of rice, beans, cheese, everything.  I got a burrito bowl and it was...maybe half full.  And yet I paid the same price as my husband who got a burrito which has a tortilla that the bowl doesn't include.  What's up with that?The parking here pretty much sucks if the place is at all busy and you enter through the Jimmy Johns drive-up lane so have fun maneuvering around the cars waiting in line.  The shared building with Jimmy Johns is just odd,  the signs for entering and exiting the parking lot only say Jimmy Johns, so it makes it seem like this place is a little tacked on.  Nope, won't be back.
2	Unbearably slow and not nearly as good as Chipotle.The line in front of me today at the noon hour was ten deep and four of those people were placing orders for their office, so the ten I saw were equivalent to 30 orders.
3	As a newly-opened establishment, Panchero's is still trying to find its groove.  Plenty of staff were manning the counters during a recent visit with my boyfriend, so our food was prepared in a timely fashion.  However, 2 different employees made our burritos, and I'd say that there was some inconsistency in technique: his was flat and floppy, mine was stout and compact.  I see the same differences at other made-to-order places (like Subway), so that might not be a fair criticism.In terms of complaints from other Yelpers about time and efficiency, I admit that Chipotle edges out Panchero's, but the additional minute or two required to put together a burrito didn't seem unreasonable.  The time delay might be more problematic during meal crunch times; not sure that Chipotle is much better considering their lines of 20+ students when school is in session.I can't complain about food quality, especially for fast food.  Tortillas are pressed and cooked at the time of your order, which is kind of fun to watch.  I think their rice differs from the lime-cilantro recipe, but I couldn't discern any specific flavor, either.  The grilled meats and veggies are tasty, and you are offered your choice of standard toppings: pico de gallo, corn salsa, tomato salsa, sour cream, guacamole, etc.  When I requested a little more rice or salsa, employees loaded up my burrito without complaint or extra charges.   Before wrapping up your burrito, they use small spatulas to mix together ingredients so that each bite is a "perfect" mix of everything.For local folk who don't have the patience for the student crowds in campustown, Panchero's is a fine alternative to Chipotle.  Prices, food quality, and environment are comparable.  Their fresh-made tortillas are a nice touch, but I'm not sure they make much of a difference in terms of flavor.
3	Not related to the food, but all the staff here looked like they wanted to kill themselves.  I know making burritos for hours on end is probably not very fun, but I generally don't enjoy feeling like my patronage is actually causing ANGUISH to the employees.  Come on guys, try smiling.  Also, maybe consider talking loud enough for me to actually be able to hear you.I thought my burrito was pretty good (veggie burrito with cheese, sour cream, salsa, hot sauce, rice and black beans).  I wish there had been more rice and beans and slightly less sour cream, but generally the proportions were good.  When I saw a LADLE-full of hot sauce being put on my burrito I freaked out a little, but it turned out to be super delicious.  Veggies were tasty and I like that they mix the ingredients before wrapping the tortilla.  I wish my burrito had been hotter (temperature-wise) but I've come to recognize that luke-warm food seems to be the hallmark of places like Panchero's, Chipotle, etc.It was a good burrito nonetheless.  I'll definitely come back.  Service was really slow and like I said, the employees looked like they would rather be ANYWHERE but behind that counter.  Still, a decent burrito.
5	I'm surprised by the other reviewers here. Are fresh tortillas really a "gimmick"? The fresh tortillas are what this Panchero's apart from Chipotle and Qdoba, who pull stale tortillas out of a plastic bag. That's huge, for my money at least.People some to be upset that the service "unbearably slow," which is kind of nonsensical insofar as this is an order-at-the-counter restaurant where the food is made right before your eyes. If one cannot wait in a line and then have a burrito prepared fresh, then one should stick to McDonalds where the food is always fast.Surprisingly, I see relatively few complaints about the actual taste of the food. Well, few specific complaints, that is. For me, the freshness is the key. Qdoba always serves me luke-warm chicken that has been sitting out for hours, and Chipotle's meats are so over-salted as to be criminal. The salsas have variety and one can get a nice tomato-based salsa that tastes fresh and light. My criticism is that their steak can be a bit tough, but then again, so is Chipotle's. The chicken is usually tender with a nice grilled flavor. Overall, I think the fresh tortilla's really make the difference. They don't keep massive quantities in the warming trays before they want to serve it fresh and hot. I'll happily wait if I get fresh food.
1	You just can't successfully imitate Chipotle. The food here is mediocre at best. The guac tastes like it was squeezed out of a bag. Definitely will not be back.
2	No where close to chipotle. Threw half my veggie Burrito away. Perhaps meat stuff or salads are better. Not going back for sure.
2	Unlock the power of Cilantro!!This is a nice place to get some very fresh food- but it's like a milquetoast version of Chipotle. It's kinda like Mexican...but, really?.... No Cilantro?maybe it's a Mexican version of Subway.
1	THE BAD: The workers were loudly talking about "this girl who wanted to show how nasty she could get;" there wasn't any other patrons (7pm on Friday) which isn't a good sign; and no whole wheat tortilla. THE GOOD: the taste was decent but it could have used cilantro; it was fast since no one else was there; I was able to customize my order (half serving of rice/beans). HOW TO FIX: be more mindful of your employees actions and offer a whole wheat tortilla. if those two happened I would give this place 4 stars.
2	The burrito we had was a good size  (we split one for lunch)  for the money but would have preferred that it was a lot hotter, and as others have said, not very flavorfull.  Also had the queso & chips,  purple corn chips were very good but the queso was runny and not much flavor.
4	Pros: 1) Excellent, fresh tortillas. This is reason enough to go here over the chains that give you a pre-pressed tortilla out of a plastic bag. 2) The taste is great, the food is usually very fresh. 3) The price is a bit cheaper than Chipotle. 4) You don't have to worry about the massive lines at Chipotle.Cons: The employees are awful. They clearly hate their jobs and are generally grumpy when you interact with them.I highly recommend Panchero's. The employees are pretty terrible, but the food is outstanding, especially the fresh tortillas, which makes all the difference.
3	I think Panchero's is still a solid 3-star place, but in general I've noticed that the staff are more upbeat and pleasant to interact with since my last review.  I don't really feel like the burritos I get are super consistent--sometimes it's really really good, sometimes it just seems off.  Not sure why.  I got a chicken burrito the other day with my usual hot tomatillo salsa and for some reason it was ungodly spicy (which it's never been before) and my esophagus was burning the rest of the night.  Yikes.  Not sure what changed, but I've never had that experience and I pretty much order the same thing every time.
1	Are you in the mood for Chipotle?  Would you like to pay twice as much for half as much food?  This is the place for you!  It is absolutely not worth the price.  Chips and queso are $3.25 for a single serving.  To-go dishes are NOT microwave safe (found out the hard way).  At 8 pm I had to check the hours of operation because staff treated me like I was bothering them after hours.  Save your money.
4	This place is very conveniently located for lunch breaks during the week and I must admit, if it weren't for the flavolcano hot sauce they have readily available, I wouldn't eat here. I love hot, hot, spicy, make my nose run food and they don't have it here, but the hot sauce helps. The only meat that I think is worth trying is the carnitas. Not a fan of the "tender" steak or chicken. Veggies are good, it's a shame they cost extra if you want them included. I think in order to make this food taste good, you have to go heavy on the toppings and make it messy. I consider cilantro a food group all on it's own. It blows my mind that they do not have cilantro here for me to yell "MORE!" at them when making my burrito.
2	Meh. Really, no more than meh. Loosely wrapped burrito, mediocre ingredients. The "mix it before we wrap it" gimmick is silly and doesn't add anything. Sorry, kind of harsh. But I take my burritos seriously.
2	$8 for mediocre burrito.  $1 extra for good sauteed veggies.  Carnitas were dry and flavorless.  Flour shell made fresh was cool.  Place is a blatant rip on Chipotle.
2	Not very impressed.  Meh...is about right.
1	This place is a serious joke, the portion size for the price is rediculas they have portion scoopers that are tiny little itty bitty spoons. I would have to eat at least 4 of these tiny burritos to get full. This will be the last time that I ever go here. They need to close this place down. Chipotle is defiantly the place to go not here.. Save your money and time
1	Everytime I walk into this place and see the guy with the with the glasses & a condescending  look on his face I want to walk OUT! I've given him 5 chances to be a decent human being and just take my order and keep his complaining, cocky remarks to himself.  EVERY time he fails. He acts like I'm inconveniencing him and gives me an IDGAF attitude. Get this waste of space away from your customers Pancheros or you're gonna lose business! P.s FOOD IS GREAT!
3	I have to compare Panchero's to Chipotle because that's exactly what it is in almost every aspect.I ordered a steak burrito and loaded it up with just about everything that didn't cost extra.After it was said and done, I had a $7 burrito that wasn't bad, but was lacking in a couple areas. I don't think the portion size is as large as chipotle, and I also think the meat quality isn't as good either, but it was hard to tell as my burrito had a lot of rice. I did like how they mixed everything up before rolling, I feel that sometimes the ingredients are too segregated. Veggies are also extra whereas at Chipotle I do not believe they are. Panchero's might have a better quesadilla than chipotle, though. It was interesting to see how they quickly they heat it up like that!I was also a fan of the salsa verde, as well as the free sauce they have on the condiment table, surprisingly spicy and good.Overall I liked it but still think Chipotle might be better. I didn't know this was a chain until I looked it up, but it is. I was also given a punch card where when I buy 10 entrees I can get a free one. This might be useful if it was in a better location, at least for students!3/5 just OK but still way better than most fast/junk food garbage.
