5	I had my truck repaired here about 2 years ago. I could not tell the difference from mine compared to a new one. They did a great job. So much so that I just brought my SUV to them to repair the hail damage we received last week.
5	This place is amazing they fixed my Mustang back to factory condition and were very friendly I'd recommend them to everyone!
1	Wish I could give rave reviews on this place. Back in June I had a little accident with my 2012 Honda Civic Si, I was told Kustom Koachworks did a good job, but the person who referred me had to have been talking about the Mesa branch. As as far as getting the dents out of the metal they did a good job the rest, forget it. Had to take it back to replace the belt moulding, and have weather stripping fixed. As I keep finding mistakes I am not happy. They failed to put on the decal that says i-VTEC DOHC, the inside door panel was ruined, when I had to remove the front bumper to replaced my A/C condenser because it ate a rock (the condenser was not their fault) I found broken and missing clips, screws were not in the right places, the door has atleast a quarter inch gap, I know this by comparing the drivers side and being able to stick my key chain in between door and body which I can't on drivers side, when discussing this with the so-called technician he said "something that is so significant of a cunt hair is not worth fixing" his words not mine thank you, sort of pissed me off. Not only is my door panel ruined they used a screw driver to remove the plastic piece that is supposed to uncover the two screws in order to remove the door panel. I guess that sets apart real auto technicians from body shop technicians. I was assured that the alignment was good, yet upon further inspection I found the rear wheel toed in and was dog-tracking and was not provided with before and after sheet. Thankfully I can fix everything else and I work for a Honda dealer and can get parts at a significant discount. I feel like an ass for telling my insurance company to send my car here. Next time if I need a body shop I will be going to the Mesa branch. To my suspicion they half assed the job at the last minute, after all they told my insurance company it was done, when I went to retrieve my vehicle it was not, to find out it would be done by end of day. Why would my insurance company say it was done when it wasn't? When I took it back, said unprofessional tech left dusty boot and finger prints all over my car. Just because I am wearing a uniform for another shop doesn't give that piece of shit to talk to me the way he did and leave my car dirty.
