5	It's Calabria's - what more can you say. Great good, reasonable prices, and a nice, relaxing atmosphere.This location and the Upper St. Clair location are both winners. Everything is homemade. The restaurants are super clean, the menu has a nice variety, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
1	If you like waterlogged pasta, runny sauce and food that really is not that good, by all means eat here.  Water is cold, so that's a plus.
1	My family and I stopped here tonight. We live very close and have yet to ever go. What a mistake. When you first walk in, you are assaulted with pastel palette and an over abundance of mauve. This is more 80's than my grandmothers house. I could ignore the decor if the service was better. It was horrible. Our waitress came twice then disappeared.  Apparently she went home sick and no one else came to pick up our table for over 20 min. Smooth. So when we finally got our food, I was really hoping for greatness. I don't know why I was expecting good food when everything else wasn't.  I ordered veal with peppers.  17.99. I got less than a third of a pepper on my plate with 3 tiny, extremely thin, tough pieces of veal. It was supposed to be served with a brandy sherry sauce. Nope. It was a white wine butter sauce. The description also didn't mention the veal was scallopine. It was. Probably could of given myself a paper cut with these. The experience was awful, the service was horrendous, the decor cannot be unseen, and everything was a good 5 to 7 dollars over priced. Will never go back to this place again.
1	Horrible experience. The food itself was good but way over priced for what it was.  They charged us for every little thing.. extra sides of dressing after they brought the wrong kind to begin with, a side of vinegar, surprised they didn't charge us for the extra napkins. Service was terrible to boot. Never will go back. You'd have better service and food at Olive Garden...and that's hard for me to say.
4	Saying Calabria's is up there with Franco's and Mia Madre is a stretch. However, Calabria's is vey good for what it is- casual italian foods. I would say it's closer to Armstrong's or Little Oasis. I stopped here for dinner with a friend at 8pm on a Saturday night. We asked to sit outside but were informed that the patio was "rented" out for the night for a party. When I walked into the dining room, I was immediately frightened and seriously considered going elsewhere. It looked like they clean with pepto bismal. Everything is a very ugly pink color. Tables, booths, chairs, decorations- pepto bismal pink. We were also the youngest patrons by about 20 years. Stomaches growling, we decided to stay and were very glad we did.I ordered the grilled chicken with a side of pasta with vodka sauce. The entrees also came with a salad or soup. I chose the salad with cheesy garlic dressing. Yes, the dressing is called cheesy garlic. It was a creamy, cheesy italian dressing. Delicious. I can definitely see using this dressing as a sauce for subs and chicken. The salads were also served with italian bread with a oil, balsamic and spices dip. Perfect compliment to my meal. Our entrees arrived quickly. I was very pleased with my choice. The chicken was juicy and tender with good flavors. The penne with vodka sauce was delicious. A wonderful combination of tomatoes and cream. When I asked for parmesan cheese, I was directed to the bottle of shaker cheese on the table. Not quite what I was looking for. Our waitress quickly brought me a small cup of grated cheese. Throughout the night the service was exceptional. Now, that might have to do with the fact that there were only 2 other tables at that time but regardless, it was great. I decided to save a piece of chicken for lunch the next day and get dessert. We were looking for chocolate cake but the closest thing we found was a chocolate brownie ala mode. Other than the decor, dessert was the reason Calabria's got 4 stars instead of 5. The brownie was on the hard and thin side. Overall, I would definitely head back to Calabria's for dinner but will pass on dessert.
2	Sad little place, even by Pittsburgh standards. Ambience of a funeral parlor, with average age of patrons about 69. Exemplary Calabria's dish? Oriental chicken salad garnished with uncooked ramen noodles.
3	Probably 3.5 stars.Food allergy friendly with a lot of choices. Prices are fair with large portions.The greek vinaigrette with feta was really good. The food was fine for a casual meal--no complaints. Our waitress was pleasant, attentive, and really went out of her way to work with the gluten allergy at the table.Nothing special, but still a more than acceptable place for dinner.
2	Calabria's looks like a really beautiful restaurant from the outside. The landscaping is always kept up with and the building is attracting to most of us who drive by it often. Although, when you go inside, it is outdated and stuck in the 90s. I went to a bridal shower here, which was elegant and beautiful compared to the regular restaurant area. The party room served breakfast foods later on in the day, which seemed odd to me for a fancy party room. I would recommend this place for a party because it is separate from the restaurant itself, but I am not impressed with the restaurant as a whole. The service was good, the food is alright but the ambiance is just not there.
