4	Friendly, kind staff and good service.  I'll go here again and again, for eat-in or take-out.  I don't really have any favorites here...everything is tasty!
5	There are two Indian restaurants pretty close to each other: Taste of India and People's. People's has better appetizers, and of course they have 1/2 off during certain hours, but Taste of India is better by far at entrees, and their masala tea is delicious. The nan is always hot, like hot hot, steaming hot, burn your hands hot, and perfectly done. Chicken Tikka Masala leftovers are sitting in the fridge right now, calling my name. Everything is good and the portions are beyond generous. What is particularly striking is the pricing. Indian food in Orlando and DC tends to be expensive, and those are my frames of reference, but Taste of India is completely reasonable. Even bizarrely inexpensive considering the quality of the food you get.The store front is odd, and the place never looks open, but don't be discouraged from going. Once you walk in you'll be seated quickly and served an onion and a mint chutney. Generally there is a young kid in the far back table playing on a computer or GameBoy.At the end of the meal, your tip tray comes covered in an anise and sugar mixture with little pink, yellow, and white pellet things. I'm an addict, but always end up eating one pinch more than I ought, where the flavor becomes unappealing. And as much as I know this, I cannot help myself.
3	Cozy and dim lighting. Food is okay - large quantities for take-out, watch out!
4	Love this place. And they have coupons too. The bonus is definitely the amount of food, you get enough for delicious lunch leftovers!
4	I like this restaurant for a few reasons.  Certainly not for the restaurant itself which is not really inviting and definitely most customers take-out or order through mealsdelivered.net.  What is good is their vegetarian selection, and, more importantly, that vegans can actually eat here with good selections.  I am not vegan though, so I actually order a few things.  I really like their Kabli Nan which is nan with golden raisins and almonds in it.  Totally delicious and like a dessert.  I usually get the paratha (whole wheat, it's better for you!) and chicken vindaloo, which isn't the best I've had - that is reserved for a place in Maryland - but is ok and certainly good value for the amount you pay.  This time around, I also tried the Mango lassi (yum!) and the Kheer (um, don't order that here, there was a weird taste to it).  Overall, the amount of food you get is great for what you pay.  And in general, the food is tasty and spiced decently.  I ordered an 8 in terms of spice and probably really got a 6, but then again, I wasn't there to tell them to make it a REAL 8.  :)  I would definitely order from here again.
5	When I lived in Bloomfield, I came here once a week for almost 2 years. One of my all-time favorite Indian restaurants ever. The food is consistently delicious, the Chicken Tika Masala is one of the best I've ever had, and it's comfortable and quiet when you dine in. Not too spicy unless you request it that way. (I usually ask for an '8' which is perfect, but not as hot as it sounds) Take out orders are huge portions, which is an added bonus if you asked me. Service is very friendly and on top of everything else the prices are very reasonable. I would go out of my way to stop in Pittsburgh to eat here again anytime.
4	We ordered take-out from here through Meals Delivered and couldn't be more pleased.  The portions were large and flavorful, and it was a great value ($31 with delivery and tip for an aloo gobi, a chicken tikka masala, plenty of rice and 2 samosas).  I ordered the aloo gobi with a spice level of 5 and thought it was a touch too spicy, but other than that it was very good.  My boyfriend said that the chicken tikka masala was one of the best he's had.  The samosas are just the right size and delicious.We will definitely be ordering from here again!
4	It's nice to know that there's decent Indian food that isn't far out in the boonies like Udipi (which, btw, is worth the trip).  I can't say I thought the restaurant aesthetics were that fantastic.  The acoustics in there are horrible, and it seems kind of dark.  But the service was nice, and the food is great.  Beware the stairs of death when you go to the bathroom.I haven't seen Chicken Muglai in years (they call it Muglai Korma on the menu) and the version they have is excellent.  We also had the sag paneer and a number of other dishes I can't even remember.  All I can recall is that I got my chicken muglai and it was GOOD.  The rest was good too.  I should also note that the portions are pretty large by Indian restaurant standards.  One dish goes a LONG way.The nan is a little eh.  A little overcooked, in my estimation.  The garlic nan had lots of garlic on it but little garlic taste.  So, you get all the downside without any of the upside.  Too bad.In any case, I will most definitely be coming back.  I
4	Tried the vegetarian thali ($12ish) and was really impressed by the quality, variety, and spiciness to order.  Will head back here with a smile.
4	I can mainly attest to the ability of this place to provide semi-off the shelf catering solutions.  We host a party annually for Diwali, and usually have Naan and Chicken Tikka ordered from this place as appetizers and bread (we make the other stuff ourselves for the party--its part of the fun).  The Chicken Tikka and Naan are delicious and the service is great.  Regardless of who picks up the food, the owners usually invite the picker upper to enjoy some tea with them.  The people who run this place are lovely (the past few years have been tough with the demolition of St. Francis Hospital in front of them and the construction of a new Children's Hospital they have lost virtually all of their lunch traffic--construction workers not being the usual target market for Indian food joints.  Now that Children's is coming back on line, I expect them to reap the benefit.  This is a great place with very nice people running the place.  As far as decor etc.  Do not expect too much.  Upscale Indian is still restricted to a few cities like New York, DC, Chicago, and San Francisco in the US.  My personal experience with upscale Indian is that you will in fact get delicate flavors, fusion and some interesting dishes...but in my mom's words, you will also get "Indian food for the faint of heart."
2	I had high hopes for Taste of India, after reading the reviews, but I was not impressed. The food did not taste fresh (I had pakoras and an eggplant dish) and the rice was definitely old and crisp from sitting in the bottom of the cooker. I asked for spicy and my dish was quite mild. We were there toward the end of the night and the staff seemed resentful of our presence. As much as I love Indian food, I'll probably give Taste of India one more chance sometime, earlier in the evening. I hope to report back with at least one additional star.
4	Just got back from trying the lunch buffet at Taste of India, which was pretty good and a definite value.  It is $7.95/person and includes a drink - soda, mango juice or mango lassi.  The buffet has the usual chutneys and raitas, naan, vegetable pakoras, fresh fruit (mostly watermelon), salad, chicken fried rice and plain basmati rice, 3 chicken dishes and 3 veggie dishes.  Today there was tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and a plain old chicken curry, channa masala, alu palak, and alu green beans.  There were also gulab jamuns.My favorite was definitely the alu green beans, which disappointingly is not on the menu.  The chickpeas were good, but I thought the alu palak was disappointing.  (I am generally disappointed in palak paneer at restaurants since I have an awesome recipe that I make at home all the time.)  The watermelon chunks were an awesome palate cleanser, and the gulab jamuns were great.  Total for two people came to $17 before tip.This is a nice little place, and at lunch almost everyone there is Children's Hospital staff.  Parking is a little hard to find since the residential streets are permit only.  But I really like this place and it's definitely worth it.
5	I really like this place. Generous portions, well spiced, good service, BYOB. I really like their veggie ball in yogurt sauce thing. Free papadam, and the gratis chutneys have been different each time I've been.
1	5:30pm, worst Baingan Bartha I've ever had. Un-fresh and damn near flavorless all but for some powdery heat. Please invest in fresh chillies; they keep well and will make that "8" really pop with flavor.
5	I don't know why people had issues with Taste of India at CMU (they have an area in CMU open during lunch and dinner hours) ... because I really liked their food.  In fact, this restaurant was what caused me to start liking Indian food in the first place :)From this place, I am absolutely in love with their Palak Paneer and Saag dishes (basically, all the green creamy spinach dishes) because there's so much flavor in them and there's not chunks of raw spinach in them like you see in other Indian places.  Their Matar Paneer is also fantastic, and their vegetable dishes (those that have potatoes, cauliflower, etc.) are also very good.  The Naan is not bad either when you get it fresh because it's fluffy and has some oil on it for flavor, but if it's not fresh, I'd definitely pass on it because it gets all dry.  The oily noodles they have are also very good, especially when it's a fresh batch.  However, I'm not a fan of the Chicken curry dishes because to me, it's just orange + chicken... I'm going to miss this place after I leave CMU! No joke.
3	The Indian food here is perfectly decent, but nothing mind-blowing. The lunch buffet comes with a lassi or mango juice, which is a nice touch, but the other offerings are standard. The owners are very sweet and the service is fine. When I've waited for take out before after I walked in the snow I was given warm tea while I waited, which was very kind.On the whole though, the food is pretty lackluster. A little further down Penn Ave, I prefer People's Indian.
3	Good, solid, and strangely inexpensive. While I didn't find Taste of India to be amazingly awesome, its currently in the running for my favorite Indian option in Pittsburgh. Service was fairly attentive, the naan was hot & crispy, and the chicken tikka was really tasty. A surprise: the veggie samosas have just a bit of spice-- unexpected and fun! Parking can be a challenge due to the location (directly across the street from Children's Hospital), but there are lots of meters around (and parking is free after 6pm).
4	Taste is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Pgh. Their $8 lunch buffet is awesome and always has Chicken Tikka Masala which has to be one of my favorites. The flavor of their sauce is totally on-point. Creamy, not too sweet, with large chunks of chicken.They also almost always have my other favorite dish- Palak Paneer/Sag Paneer (cheese cubes in spinach sauce). Again, they do this dish perfectly. The buffet comes with a drink, so you can get a mango juice or  lassi which is a good deal.
4	Great sauces, wonderful meats!!  The meat is always tender.  The prices are a little below average, which is nice.  I never get the buffet so nothing to say on that.  The nan was perfectly cooked.  The only problem is that they don't deliver.  Great!!  One of my favorite Indian places in Pittsburgh!
4	I don't have a ton of experience with Indian cuisine, but I loved everything served here. The outside is a bit unassuming, every time I go by their curtains are drawn so it's hard to get a feel for the business. However, once you come inside you'll find that it's warm and inviting.The food is amazing and aromatic, how I think Indian food should be. I opted for their lamb tandoori, intentionally deviated from the too familiar curry. It came out on a sizzling cast-iron skillet and was full of flavor. The vegetables were nice and crunchy and the lamb had a bright red color that looked beautiful.The service was impeccable and attentive. I especially loved the breath freshener at the end of a meal; your bill comes with a whole handful of fennel, annis and huge salt crystals to freshen your breath. It's a little touch but a great way to seal the deal on an already great experience.Check out my full review: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/08/30/unassuming-indian-a-taste-of-india/
3	This is good, stick-to-your-ribs-fill-you-up-at-the-buffet Indian food.  I work for Children's Hospital and it is by far the most convenient dining option in the neighborhood--walk in, grab a plate, fill it up at the buffet, eat fast, and out the door--all for about $8-$9, if I remember.  I would have to say that for real Indian food in and around Lawrenceville/Friendship, People's Indian is the better buffet & entrees--some of the buffet items at Taste are just not that flavorful, but overall it's serviceable and some items, like the naan, are actually quite good.  I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but for people in the 'hood, I would strongly encourage a visit.
5	That woman that you see in the corner, a table full of food? Yeah - that's me. Don't judge....  I lose all ability to think rationally when I cross through the door. 4 entrees, biryani and a samosa? Yes. Why not? How can I possibly be expected to choose between such flavorful and reasonably priced food? It's the culinary equivalent of Sophie's Choice.The staff is wonderful, the food is terrific - get the Samosas, saag paneer and dal makhni. Oh, and the tikka masala. And the muglai korma.Or you could do the lunch buffet and save your dignity. But then you wouldn't have leftovers for lunch. And - trust me - you'll want leftovers for lunch.
4	Pretty darn good, not the best but close.  Across from Children's hopsital so you have to handle the meter parking but usually spots open.  Staff is very nice and sincere, when you walk in you are not sure what to expect but it is a quaint, clean, comfortable interior with a bit of dress up.
5	Let me explain to you something. I didn't know, until I moved 12 hours away from here, what a magical place Taste of India really is. I also didn't know, that when I fly into Pittsburgh, I would directly be driving from the airport to pick up take out before seeing my family. Helllooo! Here is your daughter you haven't seen in over a year, she comes reeking of curries and spices every-single-time! Can we start with the fact that the service here is spectacular?! My friends and I have been coming here for years. The owners are cute and funny and we are terrors when we are there because we bring large parties and we are so excited to order an entire table of plates.What fills our table? Booze, yes, they have beer.Bread: Chapatti (Yummy Whole Wheat Goodness!)Veggie Options:Paneer Jalferji (Cheese and Veg)Dal Sag (Lentils)Paneer Makhni (Cheese and Peas)Chana Masala (Duh)*Personal Fav: Malia Kofta (These little fried vegetable balls with creamy tomato sauce and almonds!) --Haven't found this one anywhere else as good as theirs! Ah! I am drooling thinking of it. What do they do to this freaking food? I just don't know. Go soon! Ask for spice level of 7-8 if you want to tantalize your taste-buds with some fiery food and if you would like to ship me a container of the Malia Kofta I will be more than happy to message you my address.....Oh, and my favorite date in Pittsburgh? Taste of India and dancing at Brillo Box. So iconic. So Pittsburgh.
5	I love Taste of India. Maybe I am biased because it is in walking distance from my apartment. In my mind, the food holds up with some of the better Indian restaurants in DC. I mostly get paneer or chickpea dishes and they've all been solid. Good atmosphere, service, etc. If you just want solid Indian go here. Simply put.
4	Food from the motherland is a weakness of mine so despite good feedback from some friends, I tried to resist coming here when I first moved to Lawrenceville. So much for that!Taste of India is flat out great. Prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is simple and tastefully done (unlike another restaurant in Oakland, cough cough).The staff are courteous and accommodating. I called out for take-out one night and when I walked up to the restaurant, I found that they had mixed up my order and I'd have to wait a few more minutes. As an apology for waiting, they threw in free samosas! (btw, the samosas here are delicious). Rest assured, this isn't a regular occurrence; the next time I ordered from here, the order was promptly ready.The tandoori is very good. The chicken tikka masala is nice and creamy with good flavor. The palak paneer is also delicious. My taste buds are very happy to have found good Indian take-out within the city limits. (My waist-line is NOT pleased).
5	This place knocked me out.I had garlic naan and the lamb Shahajahani.  The sauce was so good, I used all the naan to sop it up.  (The waiter told me it was OK to do that.  Not sure if it really was, but I don't care.  I wasn't gonna leave any.)I travel a lot, and enjoy finding little places like this that are inconspicuous, where you can get great food, great service at a really decent price.  I had what I described above, plus a half-carafe of their house wine (not spectacular, but who cares) for $29, tip included.  And it was a good tip.The server was very friendly and helpful and took time to help select the best choice for what I was in the mood for. And, he thanked me about six times for coming in, which was really refreshing.This beats Indian I've had in Boston, New York and Berlin.  Will definitely be back on next trip to Pittsburgh.
3	Compared to other ethnic eats in Pittsburgh, Taste of India, frankly, doesn't fare too well.  Don't get me wrong: the food is good, the service is great, and if you're already in the Bloomfield area, it's a fine choice for dinner.  But, there are a few unfortunate and glaring errors that prevent Taste of India from being much more than an average-level restaurant.First and foremost, I've tried just about everything I can imagine, and I can't seem to get Taste of India to actually serve me *spicy* food.  I'm a huge fan of vindaloo, which is often the spiciest item on an Indian menu (at least in the United States), but at Taste of India, it's about as spicy as a can of Chef Boyardee Ravioli.  I've tried asking for a spicy level of 11 on a scale of one to ten.  I've tried asking for "traditional Indian" heat.  No dice.  Chef Boyardee Vindaloo, every time.Another problem is the take-out ordering process.  My wife and I have ordered take-out a couple times recently, and each time, we placed two orders for naan and only received one.  Since we live in Point Breeze, going back to the restaurant for $3 worth of naan isn't worth the effort, but really, we should have just received the naan in the first place.Given these issues, why do we keep going back to Taste of India?  Simple: the biryani and korma are the best dishes this side of Stanwix Street.  And, that's saying quite a lot... or at least enough to keep this review at three stars instead of two.
5	Jordan & I have been eating Taste of India at CMU for a while, without knowing it was Taste of India.  At CMU they offer super inexpensive lunches that are more filling than anywhere else to eat at lunch. During this winter break, we have been going through some serious withdraw while the cafe is closed.Thank you YELPERS once again, in our search to satiate our curry addiction, we have found our distributor!  We were excited to read that this restaurant supplied our weekly lunches and we ordered!!I ordered the Alu Matar Mushroom at a spicy rating of 3 (yes, I'm a sissy), but it was EXACTLY what I wanted!!  Jordan ordered Alu Gobhi which was cauliflower & potato at a spicy rating of 5.  We truly weren't sure how to scale our tolerance; but we decided that next time we could both go hotter.We also can't wait to try the Lunch Buffet! We really wish we would have known that this existed during the week in between Christmas & New Years when we were fiending for Indian food.  Now that we know, I have no doubt we will soon become regulars.We have also tried Tamarind in Oakland, but that place just made my mouth go numb after it was all said and done (and left me with an unpleasant digestion experience).  All of the bad cliche things you hear about Indian food, is nothing like Taste of India.  You can taste the love cooked in.
1	I tried to eat here tonight using a $25 gift certificate purchased from Restaurant.com.  After waiting over 15 minutes for my server to stop by for my order, I showed her my gift certificate.  She told me they stopped taking them, however I had just purchased it 15 minutes earlier.  I spoke to the manager and he wasn't the least bit interested.  He told me Restaurant.com was a scam (I have used it before with no problems) and he hasn't been able to get in touch with them to cancel.  While I was still talking to him, he answered a call on his cell phone without even saying excuse me.  He obviously didn't care at all.I called Restaurant.com for a refund, and told them what he said.  They told me that they have actually been trying to get in touch with the restaurant for weeks.  I can only assume he owes them money or something.  Either way, it is outrageous that he will not honor a gift certificate for a program he agreed to sign up for.Beyond this problem, I can't recommend this place simply based on how awfully they dealt with this issue.  I didn't get a chance to try any food and I never will.
4	The food is good, and excellently spiced.  Though others on this site have reported not being able to get dishes spicy enough, I've never had that problem (when I've ordered 10 out of 10, I got 10).  In fact, that's one of my favorite things about this restaurant: they cook the food exactly the way I want it, pretty consistently.  Sauces are creamy; meat is tender; and prices are reasonable.  I'd say this is easily one of the better Indian restaurants in the city, which is saying something given the plethora of good options.
4	I love this place! Its the best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh! I absolutely love the chicken tikka masala, it is sooo good!! My boyfriend and I ordered take out once and I like spicy rating of 1 and he likes a 7 and when we got home and tried it they were both sevens. So if you're really sensitive like me, make sure to double check your order. I would definitely recommend Taste of India! I also really like all the vegetarian options!
5	Darren brought me here, and as a Indian food n00b, I was impressed with everything included in the economical Dinner for Two which gets a diner nan, a meat dish, a veggie dish, dal, a dessert, and tea. The tea and kheer was a nice way to cap off the meal. The mango beef and alu palak were superb. I could live on the bread alone. They look to have renovated the place, and Darren said the bathrooms were much nicer this time around.
5	Delicious, rich indian food. This food cannot be compared to typical Indian buffets.We get the staples: palak paneer, dal, chicken tiki masala and chole. Every time our food is perfectly spiced and deeply flavorful. The service is prompt and attentive. We drive two hours to go here; this restaurant never disappoints.
5	I have been to Taste of India several times, and every time they have never disappointed me. The service is great and the food is amazing. We were seated promptly, orders were taken, water replenished as soon as I was close to being empty and food came out right away. The food are delicious, proportioned and well priced. I always have the chicken tikka masala and butter chicken. I also had their garlic naan, beef and lamb curry. So if you're in the mood for some good Indian cuisine, Taste of India is a great choice.
5	I might have just found my favorite Indian place. I went with two friends for a feast and we were not disappointed! We were greeted warmly and told we could sit anywhere.  The space is a little small, but that actually adds to the atmosphere of warm, delicious Indian food, friendly owners and staff, and good friends!I ordered the Malia Kofta for my entree.  These are vegetable balls with raisins and and almonds in a creamy sauce.  It was out of this world!!!  The veggie balls were slightly crispy on the edges but soft in the middle and packed full of flavor.  The sauce was not too creamy and the raisins added a sweet taste throughout.  Both of my friends have since gone back and ordered this!I wish I could remember what they ate, but this actually happened a few months ago.  I remember the Malia Kofta like it was yesterday, though!
4	Had a great experience here.  Service was super friendly and prompt.  The chicken tikka masala is excellent as well as the paneer naan.  I also tried the chicken curry, which used dark meat.  I thought it was just OK because of the poor quality of the chicken.  However, the curry was excellent.  I can't wait to go back!
5	This was my first time at taste of India. The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive. Most importantly, the food was fantastic. The flavors were well balanced and succulent. I will definitely be coming around more often.
4	2.0/5 - tikka masala: great sauce, dry chicken (end of lunch buffet)3.0/5 - curry chickenGood service, brought out fresh naan near the end of lunch.
5	I have been really struggling to find a good indian place in Pittsburgh, since I moved back into town.  I ordered takeout from Taste of India, and it was ready very quickly (~15 minutes).  I ordered the Saag paneer, chicken tikka masala and an order of plain and garlic naan.  The naan was amazing!  My girlfriend who doesn't even really like Indian food loved the Chicken tikka masala, which was also really good.  The chicken was of really good quality and the sauce was delicious.  I also enjoyed the saag paneer, but probably not the best i've ever had.  Either way, the food was delicious and I will definitely go back!
5	Best and most consistent, high quality Indian food in the 'burgh. Everything I've ever had here is delicious, especially the Malia Kofta. Sort of Americanized, rich and creamy style Indian food. If you like spicy food, I'd suggest ordering an "8" or a "9" on the scale. Great service and clean, classy environment! My mouth is watering just typing about it.
5	Loved the buffet. Naan was soft, which I love. Food wasn't  to spicy. Lots of variety. We'll be back for sure.
4	It was more expensive than other Indian places I've been to, but it was good!  We did takeout and they gave us a ton of rice and I order way too much naan.  It was $65 for four of us.   I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and I loved it, my wife got the Chicken Curry, also very good.  The other couple got a shrimp dish and a tilapia dish, which I tried but didn't care for.  I would never have ordered those dishes anyway so I won't count that against them.I would like to try lunch here - I saw a buffet table, so that might be a more cost efficient choice for this place.
5	Buffet, while small is totally worth it. Has all the essentials!
2	If you really know and like Indian cuisine then food here gonna be flavorless and bland for you. Tandoori chicken doesn't taste like one etc. Decor is tasteless and old. Carpet looks really dirty. I'm definitely not coming back.
5	Just had dinner there. We started with the Pakora then I had chicken biryani and my fiance got the tandoori mixed grill. We got the paneer naan and the garlic roti.The Pakora came out and was well portioned and the price was right for $4. Plenty to eat and the plum sauce was very good.Chicken biryani was perfect. Gigantic portion and was customized to the spicy level of 6 that I asked for. Ended up taking more than half home. Tandoori mixed grill was a big portion and tasty but the chicken was just a little dry. Next time we were hoping to order something like a curry to eat with the rice that came with the dish.Everything was very tasty and the portions were ample sized . Wish I had room for dessert. Will definitely be coming back to eat or get carry out soon.
5	The food and service here is great! The lunch buffet is amazing....I leave there so stuffed with food that I can barely walk. I've gone there for a dinner a few times, and I will say it's a bit pricey but the food is still very good. Check their hours, though, because they close in between lunch and dinner.  Happy eating!
4	Good Indian food is tough to find. We ate their on a quiet weekday night. Service was friendly to the point that I though we might be friends. The portion sizes are big, food is well prepared, and over delivered on taste.
5	This is the restaurant where I bring people when I want to impress them with the great Indian food in Pittsburgh - twice now, I've gotten the special meal for two, and not only is it flavorful and well-spiced (I feel like they're great at matching the spice level you request - and other people dining with me agreed), it's a good value - so much food that you can easily make another meal out of the leftovers.The lamb dishes are delicious; I've had the Boti-Kabab Masala and Lamb Sag, but I really enjoyed the vegetarian dish I had, Hariyali Handi (vegetables in spinach), so much so that I've had it both times and may not be able to stop myself from ordering it again. My real yardstick for greatness, though is the samosas: when you order the special meal, they come along as part of the deal - it would be easy to take less care with a "throwaway" item, but they are quite simply the best samosas I have ever had, slightly spicy, super-crispy, and big enough to share.The bill comes on a tiny tray filled with sugar crystals, caraway and coriander seeds and colorful bits of candy - I've seen similar combinations at other Indian restaurants, but it's artfully presented, and as with the rest of Taste of India, it leaves me charmed and satisfied, just as an excellent restaurant should.
4	Not fancy but great Indian food at a really reasonable price. The eggplant was particularly yummy.
4	So happy that these guys have finally reopened! I went there for dinner a few nights ago and really enjoyed it. I got the Tandoori chicken, which was moist and flavorful. My boyfriend got a mushroom and potato dish which was also excellent. Servings are huge, and prices are low!
4	I propose that Taste of India get a new, fresh yelp! review site.  Taste of India is dead, long live Taste of India!  The new, post-fire establishment is completely new and different.  The space inside has booths, nice tables, a new and improved kitchen, even better bathrooms.  I cannot overstate how much better it is than in the past.Most importantly, the lunch buffet has catapulted from kind of bland if serviceable, to downright excellent.  I hate to say it, but it's my new favorite buffet for lunch.  I'm serious, Rachel, you should close their old reviews and have them start fresh (with my review).  And for all the people who went there in the past and maybe didn't have a great experience (or did) you need to go again!!
5	Delicious food! The decor is a little lacking, but the food was so outstanding that I have to give it 5 stars. We had 3 types of bread, along with goat mango curry, chana masala, and chicken tikka masala. All of these were excellent, with fresh flavor and nuanced taste. We asked for a spice level of 8, and the spice was spot on.  Flavors were so without being muddled. I would definitely, definitely return next time I come to Pittsburgh.
5	This is by far my favorite Indian Restaurant. The food is always fantastically prepared. Service is also wonderful. I've never gone to the buffet, but do take-out and eat-in often. Hint: you get more food when you order take-out. ;)
5	Went for the lunch buffet which was about $8. It was SO good! I ate wayy too much but still wanted to eat more! Everything tasted so fresh and delicious! The decor was very tasteful, fresh and Indian inspired. The staff was wonderful too, very nice!
4	I would have to say that this is some of the best Indian I've had in pittsburgh so far. The staff were friendly and attentive. The chicken korma was delicious. It had almonds and raisins in it, which complemented the sauce nicely. The check comes in a tray with candy coated fennel seeds. We didn't know it was edible until our server said to try some. I liked it because I like black licorice. Also, our server explained that it helps to cleanse the palette after a spicy meal. The prices were on point. The seats and tables were new and comfortable.
5	I absolutely love tikka masala, but I've been struggling to find one without chicken. This is the first time I've ate at taste of india. I ordered take out and got the paneer tikka masala and it was incredible! The sauce, paneer, everything. My friend ordered  the chicken tikka saag, I tasted a bit and it was wonderful too! Only thing I wasn't the biggest fan of was the aloo paratha nan. It seemed to lack flavor and was a bit rubbery in texture. However we ordered regular and garlic nan as well and they were both wonderful-totally made up for the aloo paratha!Needless to say, this will now be my go to for Indian food in Pittsburgh. Awesome, awesome, awesome.
4	Delicious, intensely flavored food. I've had a variety of chicken, lamb and beef dishes and liked them all. Friendly service, cheapest glass of wine I've seen in a decade, and I even love the anise assorted crunchy things you get with the bill--beats the heck out of starlight mints! They gave me some extra rice to take home with my leftovers. Good naan. Very reasonably priced. Wish I lived close enough to walk but I've always snagged a parking spot, which I attribute to my Squirrel Hill training.
3	Comparatively mediocre to other indian restos. Not very flavorful. Naan is really thick and dense. Channa masala just tastes like it's chick peas soaked in tomato sauce instead of masala sauce. And daal makhini is similarly too saucy and not in a yummy sauce way. Kind of a bummer since there aren't many indian restaurants in the east end area. So my final thought post-dinner is "meh." And I'm not even excited for the leftovers tomorrow.
