4	St John's is not your average church.  With a prime location right in the centre of town, at the West corner of Princes Street, it is at once a traditional centre of worship with an active Scottish Episcopal congregation, and also a hub for activism and progressive enterprise in Edinburgh.  Home to the Peace and Justice Centre and the ethical One World shop and also a Christian bookshop, which are all tucked around the side of the building, the church is also the primary venue for the Festival of Peace and Spirituality in August, which attracts speakers from all around the world for inter-faith dialogue.  There are also numerous concerts and talks held there throughout the year, and an occasional arts and crafts market that springs up on the terrace at the back.All in all, St John's has plenty of interesting things to offer Christians and non-Christians alike.
4	The only reason St. Johns doesn't get five stars from me is that I'm greedy and wanted even more!  The small church has very pretty architecture with absolutely beautiful stained glass.  I think the stained glass is some of the best I've ever seen, or at least the best I've seen in a very long while.  I feel a bit odd Yelping about a church, but I wanted to share how beautiful I thought it was.  (Alright, it's 4.5 stars...but I'm still stubbornly not rounding up.)  If you know the National Cathedral in Washington, DC, the outside of St. Johns looks somewhat like a small version of the center section of the Cathedral, with many of the same architectural elements.
3	Another one of many beautiful churches in the city. Except this one always seems to have something going on. I went to the art fair they have down in the graveyard and it was quite nice this year. Lots of wonderful artists with lots of great trinkets to sell. I am more into the photography so I spent most of my time looking at that stuff and picked up a few prints that were quite cheap. Also loved a lady who was making ring and such out of old pre-decimal coins that were really cool. The church also has a little cafe( Which I have wrote a review about check it out) and the inside is just as beautiful as the architecture of the outside. Lots of wonderful stained glass and really you should just see it for yourself to appreciate the beauty of these old churches and buildings.
