3	This is a mixed review. On the plus side they have every kind of replacement battery you could ever need for your electronic toys. It's definitely your one stop shop store!!!  Make sure you deal only with the manager/owner of the store. Other staff members are not as knowlegble as to what you may need. They simply look it up. Stock item may have multiple choices. Also some employee's are not very skilled in removing battery covers. One employee was observed banging it on the counter. My suggestion is you remove the battery cover if you can.
5	Found Battery Source to be very helpful and knowledgable both over the phone and when I arrived to make my purchase. Never new of this place until Verizon told me to go there to find one if there batteries. Easy to find in a good size shopping center off Sahara and Decatur.  They even checked the phone itself to make sure it was the battery itself before I wasted my money. Also, there prices are very reasonable, in my case 9$ cheaper then Verizon quoted me. I would definitely check this place out if you are looking for a new battery.
4	I wanted to take a moment and thank Miss Jackie at "The Battery Source" located at 5015 W. Sahara.  Not only was Miss Jackie knowledgeable but she was kind and very patient.  She took extra time with me to trouble shoot my situation and helped me come up with options for solving my issues.  I felt as though she genuinely cared about my situation and not just about making a sale.  Her diligence in problem solving benefited me greatly.  I highly recommend seeing either Miss Jackie or her daughter Michelle every time you need any type of battery as they have every size, shape, and volt available right there on location.  Finding a business that actually cares about their customers is rare in social climate and "The Battery Source" is one of those rare gems worth giving your business too.
5	I've used the battery source numerous times, and have been very pleased with the level of service I have received each time. They are always willing to go the extra distance to make sure your needs are met. Not only do they have items for todays electronics, but also many dated items. Thanks Battery Source
4	In the end they couldn't help Johnny 5 out here, but they have just about any battery you might ever need...or they can get it.I have come here several times for both weird and common battery needs.  They have competitive prices and all the hard-to-find batteries I have needed.On my most recent visit the associate was quite helpful.  He changed out a key-less remote for a vehicle and also went out to the car with me to re-sync the fob...this saved me several minutes of looking up how to do it in the owners manual.  This is the usual level of service I have experienced here over the years.They are a handy business to use, especially when you find yourself in a battery bind.
