4	I'm a total tom boy. I chop my hair short. My girlfriends begrudge my wardrobe -- t shirts or tanks, ripped jeans or cut-offs, tennis shoes, and a belt. A good day for me? Out on a boat, fishing with grubs, a cooler of beer and a pound of beef jerky. But, every couple of weeks or so, I find it necessary to pander to my softer side. And I do that by -- yes -- getting my nails done. Full on, French tipped, acrylic nails. To be honest, though, I should probably get them done more like once a week, because as soon as I'm out the door, I pay no attention to the upkeep of this sometimes costly habit in maintaining some shred of femininity. When I walked into Pink Nail Salon (located on the corner of Flamingo and Easter, right next to Taco Time), a couple of my nails were cracked and some were even missing. I requested a fill and some "minor" repair work, and was asked to sit down at a table. When the poor little tech inspected my digits, she softly exclaimed, "Ohhh myyyyyy gaaaaaaah...." Then she sheepishly smiled up at me and got to work.  You know, even if it weren't for all the repairs at hand (ha), I still think she would have taken her time. Which I honestly appreciate. The last time I got a full set somewhere else, it took about twenty minutes, which was just about the length of the manicure's life span. I may be rough on my hands, but I would expect at least a couple hours out of thirty bucks worth of work. So, let's see ... given the repairs, the rebuilds, the fill, plus the airbrushing on the tips to make them all match, my tab should have roughly been about $35. But, being as it was my first visit, she knocked it down to a flat $20. Naturally, I tipped (another pun, if you want to reach for it) her at full cost. And they look fabulous.Often times, older nail salons can have a dirty or dingy feel to them. But Pink is bright, clean, and new, and the staff was incredibly friendly. One of the other nail techs, who wasn't with a client at the moment, even shared a newspaper article she found about a two-headed piglet born in Ontario. I had a great experience there, and I'm very pleased to FINALLY say I have found a salon in Vegas that I will definitely be going back to.Three days later, and still lookin' good, y'all.
3	I miss my Rivermark Nails :( But this will do for the interim time...Staff is friendly and accomodating. Salon is pink [hehe what did you expect?], but not as clean as I would like it to be. One the bright side: there are LOTS of acrylic colors to choose from! So I'll be indulging my inner crayola crayon for the next couple months I suppose.
3	Came back for a full set of acrylics. One thing I like about this salon is there are looooooots of options for acrylics. There are 88 different glitter/colored acrylic powders to choose from and a multitude of pre-airbrushed tips. Lots of fun if you love to switch it up. Lynn(sp?) did my nails and she was a total sweetie. Did a great job and was very accommodating to my requests. I still went home and did a little touch up filing, but that could just be that I"m super picky about my nails. I left happy. Full set of Acrylics ran me $40 + Tip. Not bad.
4	this was a nice place, the pedicure was excellent.  $35 for a manicure/pedicure. will go back again when I'm in town.
5	I have been spent 10 years in Vegas shopping all over for a decent/clean/reasonably priced nail salon, and Pink Nails is the only one that I have stayed, and will stay loyal to. They have a huge selection of options and services that they perform for reasonable prices. The staff is friendly and quick. They all speak fairly good English, and remember me every time I go in there. The stations are always moved around in different arrangements, so you can tell they clean it constantly. I have had full sets and pedicures done here, and have even brought my 11 year old sister for manicures and they happily do funky cute little designs on her for no extra cost. I never get upsold or hustled for services I dont want, and if they ask me if I want something extra and I say no, that is the end of it. I love this place, the staff and the location.
1	I use to love this place, would come here all the time!! the last time i went there  tho was na totally bad experiance i was pregnant at the time and was planning on doing my nails with my mom and sister as well, well due to my pregnancy i needed to use the restroom so as soon as i walked in i went to the nearest girl and ask her if i could use the restroom. The girl told me that i had to do my nails or purchase something in order for her to let me use the restroom!! well agreeing to do my nails she then let me use their not-soclean restroom!! well i was furioused and walked out as soon as i was done lol wtf i dont know if these chineese ppl know their rights but a pregnant woman has the right to use any restroom otherwise they could press charges!!
1	I recently went to Pinku with a friend on the day of Pinku's reopening as Pinku recently changed owners and totally revamped their shop for a more chinese/japanese feel.  Please note that their prices have also gone up exponentially from the last owner, and they normally charge over $100 for a basic set of french manicure with extensions.  There were a lot of sets to choose from and the receptionist was nice enough to give us time to choose the set that we desired.And then when I showed the nail stylist, she nodded and we proceeded to doing my nails.  I decided to go for a french manicure with extensions.While doing my nails, my nail stylist seems as if she didn't really know what she was doing and kept asking the older nail stylist what to do next. While she was filing my plastic extensions trying to get the shape right, she kept on filing too much of the extensions thus at the end, my set of nails look overfiled and crooked leaning towards the right side on 4/10 nails that she did.  When it was time to pay, the bill came up to a shocking $109 for a set of basic extensions with french manicure.   My friend's nail set came up to be over $150 with a few jewels and two 3d shapes. I would not recommend this place and will never go there again.
5	Went to eye brows 'r us to get my eyebrows threaded & figured, why not just get a quick mani? So i went inside & absolutely loved it! My new favorite nail shop!! They did such a great job. My nails never looked so great. They do fantastic gel manicures as well. Super friendly & decently priced.
5	I love the people who work here. I have had in issue with gel nails in the past. Where everyone would say they last weeks, I would be lucky if I could get 1 week. At pink nails, my first set lasted almost 3 weeks before even one tiny chip. My second set of gels chipped a little sooner and they fixed two of my nails for free. I am so happy they're so generous and care that the nails last weeks! I am a forever customer at this point. I also must say, I get compliments on all my nails by them all the time. I love the gel diamond glitter. I can't wait to discover more of the fun gel colors they have. I want to try them all.
3	Came here just because it is in the same parking lot as my work.  Staff is friendly, place is clean... but... i have to stay loyal to my go to nail salon!
5	Came here to Pink's Nails on a whim! Didn't have an appointment but as soon as we walked in we were seated right away. The place seemed very clean and the nail technician I had was very gentle with my hands and took the time to give me a quality manicure before starting on my gelish nails. The prices were absolutely amazing! I got a manicure, gelish nails, matte accents on my ring fingers, and some jewels added on for only 25 bucks! Coming back to this salon whenever I'm visiting Vegas :)
5	I was visiting my sister in Las Vegas and needed to get my nails done after arriving. I called to see if the salon was busy, explained my time constraint before an event, and the nail tech met my needs! There are iPads on each pedicure station to help keep the patrons entertained, but I found the conversations with the staff more entertaining. My only regret is that I didn't get to experience some of the detailed nail art that I have seen displayed on their Instagram page. Needless to say, I will be back!
5	Yes definately will be getting my fills from here from now on! Had no appointment, but was taken in immediately, and was satisfied immensely with Don. I had gel manicure, n regular pedi spa, RED color my fav n it looks amazing. Thanks Don love your service! He is awesome
1	Looking for a new nail salon as I recently moved to this side if town... And this is not the place. The owner was awfully rude, almost like I was bothering her by asking for a fill. I got my acrylic nails filled, and even though it say $15 on the wall (which is standard pricing) my bill came out to $35. When I asked why, she said because they used gel polish ($10 charge) and a gel topcoat (another $10). Neither if these I agreed to. Will NEVER go here again.
1	I wouldn't even give this place a star it would be to much of a reward they are horrible. They CAN NOT paint I'm not a picky person but honestly it was to the point that I told them to take all paint off and just let me be on my way what I asked for is NOT anywhere near what I got. And their costumer sevice is horrible, they are rude. My nails are all different sizes and shapes!? I'm embarrassed to even have them on me I'm going to get them fixed somewhere else right now also my sister in law came for a fill and me a full set. She waited for 2 hours while mine just, got done hers were just getting started. Do not go here.
5	They did a great job!  Excellent customer service and the quality of work is top notch. Will definitely go back.
1	This was my first experience getting a mani pedi. I was looking forward to being pampered and having my feet and hands massaged as part of the process. My male technician didn't speak to me, skipped over  massage ( while my girlfriend in the next chair was enjoying hers) and to top it off my French manicure lasted 4 days. At the 4 day mark they were so bad I had to take it all off. (My toes still look good on week 2) to make this entire experience worse, I was charged an extra $10 for mine while my girlfriend only paid $35. They said it's bc they used two colors. Guess what? My girlfriend even though she didn't get a French mani, still had them use 2 colors!! We tried arguing the extra charge but they weren't giving in and trying to argue charges with people that don't speak English proved to be difficult. I paid and left extremely dissatisfied. I would give this place 0 stars but that's not an option. And I forgot to mention I asked for my nails to be filed with a square tip and some were rounded, some square. I asked him to fix them as they were all misshaped and some even crooked and at an angle and he fixed two and left the rest a mess! So frustrating not being able to communicate!!
