4	Big fan of this cafe.  Good breakfasts with fresh fruit and friendly baristas.  Free wifi, comfy couches and a warm atmosphere.  Sadly, it doesn't get any sun, so during the summer it feels a little dark, but a perfect place for a coffee and a chat.
5	wow i was impressed by this place. really great decor, really good food, super nice staff, awesome concept and cool live music that does not disrupt your brunch/cafe experience. free wifi, great tasting coffee (so rare in north america in general!) just go for it!!
2	I hate the all-day music here... it's the WORST place to do work/have a conversation.I don't like the dark back room. I don't like the way it's hard to plug in your laptop. I just don't really like it here.The coffee/service/food is good, though. I just can't stand the rest of it.
4	I can see how the live music can be a problem talking, but I totally dig the vibe. This is better than anything considered to be like "The Village" should be. The grilled cheese was surprisingly good, and the coffee was expectedly good. I like everything about this place actually. And while I'm sure some acts are hard to occupy the same space with, when we went, the singer was a delight.
3	Mellow, ramshackle, tasty cafe on Bernard with a tiny green spot in the back and live acoustic music at the piano or up front in the window. For singer-songwriters looking for afternoon gigs, Cafe Dep might be worth checking out. The coffee is strong here, the breakfast is fresh and tasty and alright, but if you're sitting in the window with a lovely crooner nearby everything tastes extra fine. (Assuming you like a crooner.)
4	Really great place to hang out. I just feel happy whenever I'm here. Could be the great lunches (tomato cheese sandwich is great, and the grilled cheeses as well), the live music in the background, great fresh juices and coffee....A great place to come and spend time.
3	There's something uniquely charming about the up and coming Mile End neighbourhood and this little resto on Bernard. For a brief moment, I thought I was in Parkdale.Food here is ordered and paid for at the bar and then delivered to you. Very much like being at a pub in England. Food was cheap for brunch! Three filling meals including pain dore (french toast) with generous portions of fruit - apple, banana, grapefruit and orange, crepes with fruit and grilled cheese with fruit and hot bevies for all-one americano, one double cappuccino and a hot chocolate, came to just under $30.00 or $35.00 with tip. Super affordable and the coffee was strong. You can even switch out the fruit for soup or salad. I'm opting for the grill cheese next time since they do a ton of different varieties. Even more awesome was that local artists play hour-long sets of music all day. Plus you know a place is a winner, when teas and freshly made juices come in mason jars. Cuuute! Music, wifi + yummy cheap eats?! I'm in and coming back for in-house made baked goods.
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, live music all the time, delicious drinks and food. Well priced also. Only problem is that it is often very crowded and sometime hard to find a table.
4	This is an all-day music place. Quite rare in Montreal. If you go there to work and be quiet, I think you are missing the point.
4	Awesome to find out that they have a regular open mic/live music schedule
3	Thanks to the Indie Coffee Passport I got to check out this neat little coffee shop.  The service was friendly, the coffee delicious, and the surroundings rather interesting.  I've got to echo Risa with the ramshackle description.  It looks a bit as though the place was furnished through garage sale finds, and not the super funky "oh I just found this MCM credenza at a garage sale for $10" kind of garage sale find people post over on Apartment Therapy and everyone gets jealous, more like "I found this in an alley" kind of finds.  The place is a bit worn, there is produce and supplies all over, but it's comfy like going over to an ancient aunt's place.   The performer's playing the piano in the corner complete the mood. Despite all of that, it works, feels comfy cosy, and I will be back the next time I'm in the area and in need of some caffeine.
4	First of all : The Carrot Cake. Oh god. The Carrot Cake. With a capital C like.... CHESUS CHRIST ! I asked for your traditional salmon bagel. I was really not expecting such a big plate with this huge salad (soooo fresh) So when they brought me the (pretty big) slice of Carrot Cake, I wasn't sure I would be able to finish it. Ahahhaha. Stupid me. No really, just go and try the Carrot Cake. I almost forgot to talk about the coffee. I guess it was good.Carrot Cake.
4	My first brunch in Mtl! The crepe avec jambon et fromage was good, they gave a lot of fruit with it. The coffee was good too! Internet doesn't work, but the place was nice and quiet
2	if you like strong bitter piping hot coffee, this is the place. its not for me. its either extremely bitter or its burnt because its piping hot, i can't really tell. i was offered to sweeten my cappuccino and i doubt any amount of sweetener will make the coffee enjoyable.. one of the few places i threw out the coffee after 2 mouthfuls.as for the place, its basically a bigger and cleaner cagibi down to the live performance by local artists.on my way out, i did saw some of their dishes which looked not only quite fresh but really good too. may be back for the food but definitely not for the coffee.
