4	The Piano Bar at the Harrah's Casino in Las Vegas is definitely a fun way to spend an evening in Sin City. A few friends and I went for a bachelor party weekend and it also happened to be my birthday. My friend went behind my back and signed me up for the piano bar experience. That means these dueling pianist who are battling in a popularity contest get on mic and ask you to come to the stage to do a performance with them.      Well my great friend who would pay for this later in buying me some drinks had me called up in front of 200 people at this bar. These two amazing looking blonds that looked like twins (I posted a picture of them above) were our dueling pianist for the night and they requested that I down the corona I had brought up on stage with me to the rowdy crowds approval. Well to my luck I only had a tad bit left and finished it easily. They got the crowd to boo me and said someone bring this man a new beer, its his birthday dammit.      Instantly some random girl runs on stage and hands me a new ice cold corona...and I am told to chug...which I do and then have 200 screaming lunatics cheer for me and then all sing happy birthday in unison. I walked off stage feeling like some rock star and it definitely made for a great Vegas experience. I suggest that when you are in town you check it out, good times.
5	rockin good times, always! i'm told the one at NY NY is better, but i dunno, they probably don't have hot twin girls rockin the pianos.
3	We were walking the strip and hoppin from bars to casinos to get our drink on. ever so often the heat lamps or poppin music would drag us into places. thats how we ended at the piano bar with our huge margaritas and beer in hand. Rob Z fell in LOVE with this place! singing at the top of his lungs haha...no cover we just walked in sat down enjoyed the music, watched the audience run up with bills to change the song and had a fun @ this quick lil stop
4	The best bar that I ended up at in Vegas! The dueling pianists sing songs on request, with tips of course. Everyone in the bar is singing songs together! Great atmosphere! Great crowds! Even though I did not stay long, this is one place I will definitely be coming back to. Singing songs when drunk is fun!!!!!!!!!!!
4	This was a lot of fun. Wife and I were tired of the Carnaval Court scene (after only one drink) and went inside to check out the Piano Bar. THe dueling pianos things is great, especially when they get the crowd singing too. Service inside is great and its easy to get a table it seems. We were surpised when the guy piano player left and was replaced with the woman piano player's twin sister. We were even more suprised when she turned out to be les talented.While it was a blast, I had "Don't Stop Believin'" in my head for a while afterwards.
4	So your buzzing, and looking to sing along to some music. Definitely go here!!! its a fun place, good atmosphere and alot of drunks wandering in from the Carnival court (damn those winos!).....anyway.SuRe this place is popular to the drunks from the UK who will constantly go up and request Beatle music, but hey, its all in good fun!go here, enjoy yourself for a bit before you take your binge elsewhere for the night!SHake & bake seal of approval.
5	This place is great!  The drinks are a bit pricey, but I always have a good time there.  Best part: no cover!  The pianists are very entertaining, and the crowd is always great.  Another hot spot for my Vegas trips.
4	Cocktails and Twin Blondes playing dueling playing pianos, how can you go wrong? This place is great cheap entertainment. Your only expense is drinks ($6 for a beer) and a tip for a song request. There's usually a happy rambunctious crowd packed in the bar and plenty of antics instigated by the twins. Be careful what you write on your requests or you'll get called on stage for some piano high jinx. To get a seat, show up earlier than the 9pm start time. Also, Harrah's is a stop off of the monorail, so there's easy access. And, it's within close walking distance to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville if you're a Parrot Head.  Tips - If you want to see the twins, they generally work ONLY Tuesday through Saturday. On the other nights, guys from the Las Vegas piano bar circuit fill in (like Al Robinson & Shaun DeGraff) . Also, you need to pay to get your songs played. The more you pay, the sooner the song gets played.
5	LOVE this place! Crazy, raucous fun!! Twin blonde female singers/musicians belting out songs by request. Great time. We went on a weeknight, so there is no cover and you have a better chance of getting a seat. Its not that big of a place, so it fills up fast. Def not something to miss if you are in or around Harrahs.
5	Always five stars, this place is awesome. I remember on the 4th of July I stole a police hat from one of the twins. I wore it to Wet Republic and ended up giving it away. I have no idea where it is, to this day.Excellent show here, this is probably one of my favorite places to go on the strip, honestly.
5	We went on A Sunday night - the place was packed and everyone had a blast!  Getting there right when the pianos start at 9 pm will likely assure you a seat. Drinks aren't cheap but not too expensive either.We like to sit in the back near the windows and communicate silently with the passers-by.The crowd was into it and had a great time with the piano players....good times for a minimal cost.
5	Probably one of my favorite places to go on The Strip. Dueling pianos that will play almost any song out there for money. Weekend nights are packed. Most of the time a good crowd that is fun and sings loud after a few drinks. They are now charging a $5 cover to get in and the price of beers went up to $6. They are also rotating the twins and the guys every hour or so. The rotation is not bad but the twins are phenomenal singers and performers. Located right inside the front of Harrahs. Big windows so you can look out at everyone walking by or going to and from the Carnival Bar.I think this piano bar is so much better than the one in New York New York.
5	Highly recommend this a place for you to stop and listen. The twins Kim and Tamara are awesome piano players and singers. A group of us were there for Halloween 2009 and had a blast. Definitely will stop by again.
5	This is always a must stop for me when I visit Vegas. This piano bar gets packed with loud, energetic people who know how to party. The twin sisters who rotate our with other performers always put on a great show. The performers always get the crowd involved and display some nice vocals to boot. The best part is when they pull some people from the crowd (such as people turning 21 or wedding couples) and razz them but all in good fun. I have never had a bad time yet at this place and everyone seems to have a good time.
5	I had a great time there except the creepy guy who kept hitting on me while the girls kept rubbing their boobs on them. The girl pianists were way better entertainers than the guys and try to sing songs that are in today's music such as lady gaga. I think the guys were okay but I prefer the girls. You get to request songs obviously with a tip but it was worth it
4	Great time but the drinks are expensive even for Vegas.
3	How i ended up at this place after walking out of Tryst is beyond me but my party was walking by and was drawn is by.... "just a hometown girl living in a lonely world" and the rest was history till the place closed. When i arrived you had everything from an Irishman and his wife on stage, to a couple of marines getting deployed the following day, old, young and everything in between. The two blonde chicks were getting down on the keys when i arrived which were great, but toward the end of the night the lame guys hit the pianos and i was less than entertained especially after one of them couldnt keep his eyes off my newly 21st cousin, just creepy honestly. How do women put up with it? As someone already stated the drinks were slightly over priced for such a small low level spot like this at -$8 for a domestic beer -$10-12 for a mixed drink Sure its Vegas but we aren't exactly partying it up in one of the nicer resorts. The music on the other hand was entertaining for everybody involved i think i even caught myself singing out loud every once and a while even though its not really my gig. All in all its an entertaining spot for a few drinks and a different atmosphere from your traditional Vegas clubs, so if your not into the dressing to impress and acting as if you own this city and just want a few drinks and some entertainment then this could be for you. Downer of the night was not getting my song played though "SouthernPlayaListic" by Outkast... whats up with that oh well maybe i stumped them and they couldn't do it.
1	I am absolutely STUNNED that this place such great reviews.  These people must not go to a lot of piano bars.  As a performer myself, and a musician who goes to a lot of these places, I feel like I have a good handle of what makes a good piano bar.When we got there there were two ladies playing.  Their piano skills were great (probably better than mine) but their singing was more like screaming.  Thankfully, I only had to listen to them scream for about two songs before they changed out for two guys.BUT, the men weren't much better, as they complained about every request they got.  It was obvious they were more about making tips and not actually entertaining the crowd.Here's how it went:They would get a request, and play about 10 measures of it, and then they would vamp it and talk about how "no one really wants to hear this song right?!" and keep playing the chords until they got money for a new request.  Now I know exactly what they're doing because song wars are a great way to get tips, but where I come from if someone pays you $20 to hear a song, they deserve to have the whole song played for them.By the way, if you're a piano performer, don't complain that every night someone requests Piano Man.  THATS JUST THE WAY IT IS!Still in shock about the grand reviews about this place.
4	I could only give this place a 4 because I didn't eat or drink there - I only enjoyed the music.  But that really is the focal point here.  The music and pianos are awesome.  Everyone that is there is enjoying listening, singing, or dancing along.  The guys knew a plethora of songs and genres that most people knew.  And of course if you didn't know them, well, you could blend in easily.  Try to show up early because standing the whole time with no choice isn't a whole lot of fun.  Plus having a table and chair help assure your space.
5	Still love this place. Harrahs is one of my fav places to hang, and no matter what swanky hotel I stay in, I always find myself back there, The twins come on around 9 and it gets packed FAST! There is a one drink minimum, and covers on the weekend, but def worth it. We have never eaten there, but Im sure its good. It gets loud and crazy and its always a good time. Def recommend. I usually check out Toby Keiths and Piano bar and whatevers louder and crazier is where I wind up. Cant wait to go back!
5	This place is a blast. Me and my gf love hanging in Harrahs because they have so many fun things happening like Carnival Court, Toby Keith's fun bar and this place. The twins are blonde and hot and talented to boot. The place gets packed fast and even has people looking in from outside the bar to enjoy the fun. There's a 1 drink minimum and a weekend cover charge but it's all totally worth it for a fun raucous night like this. If you're the type to complain a lot about money just go on a weekday when there is no cover charge. They frequently put patrons on stage and have a lot of laughs with them. They're talented, funny and raucous. Not to be missed!
4	I always have a good time when I'm here.  The good parts are the twins who play piano and sing. Kim and Tamara are fun, and make the night enjoyable.  They also have figured out how to take breaks w/o letting the two guys take over.  They rotate in another player to let each sister have a break and still begin/end with the twins.The bad part is the cocktail service.  They changed waitresses here between 9 and 1 about 3 times and each wanted us to close out and move to the other (annoying).  The later we went the worse the drinks got and the slower the service became.I will go back everytime I am in Vegas but I might start sitting at the bar...
4	I went to The Piano Bar at Harrah's for the first time last night and I really enjoyed it! The twins are talented and funny, often bringing up guests from the audience for a few jokes. Every song they played my group knew the lyrics...as did the rest of the bar. It was a lot of fun to listen to the live music and sing-a-long with a few drinks! There is a one drink minimum and a cover on the weekends but if you get there before 9pm (when the twins go on) you don't have to pay. The Piano Bar is definitely a hidden gem on the Strip and a great low-key alternative to the crowded clubs!
4	This place is a blast! You have to pay for your drinks, but I just figure that into the entertanment factor. Early in the evening they do karoke, and there are locals who show up everynight to fill in if others don't have enough booze in them to get up and sing. Picture Elvis singing Love Shack. Lot's of laughs here. If you don't want to go in (who wouldn't?) you can watch from the casino. But go in, have a drink and get up and sing. It's Vegas Baby.
5	This place is awesome!!! It's packed with fun people who know how to have a good time. I'm pretty sure I was there on Friday night and I didn't pay a cover charge? I must have unintentionally "snuck in" If I lived in Vegas I'd be there singing to Journey every night, cover charge or not!!!
2	I've been here well over 20 times since I moved to Las Vegas.  Not by choice...this is my uncle's favorite place to go whenever he's in town.  My mom also thinks this is a great place to take tourists in order to have the "Vegas-Strip" experience.  Maybe I haven't gone on the right nights but I literally count the minutes down until everyone else is ready to go.  Or maybe I haven't had enough to drink to fully enjoy the whole mess!My most recent visit was last weekend.  My husband's best friend had Navy friends in town for the weekend.  We were meeting them at Harrah's.  When they were done eating at Toby Keith's, we walked to the casino floor.  Someone suggested we walk into the Piano Bar...I told them they weren't going to like it and to save their money for another cover charge...the group decided to go in regardless.  By the time everyone got their drinks, they realized the mistake and were ready to go!  The sisters had started playing and were slaughtering song after song.  This is the positive things I will say about this bar...the piano players have unbelievable memory recall on the songs.  I'm not impressed by their singing talent but they do have impressive piano skills.  The other thing I was impressed by was one of the bartenders here.  Normally if a drink order is wrong, for whatever reason, they just throw it out and start over.  I ordered an Amaretto on the rocks and didn't specify Disaronno.  He gave me the mistake drink for free and made me a new drink.  I thought that was a pretty sweet deal! I know I'll get trapped into going there again!  LOL!  Cheers to Uncle Larry!  :)
5	The piano bar is awesome!!! All I have to say is these guys r hilarious! Upbeat and straight up entertaining!! This is very delayed. I was here 2/13/11. Wrote it while I was still at the bar and just haven't been on here in a while to post it.
2	I have a spit review because I'm not quite sure how I feel. The piano bar was fun and they are really talented at what they do, but the rest of the staff at this bar sucks. I had to get my boyfriend to get my drinks because for some reason the bartender decided to constantly ignore me and I couldn't really figure out why. I wasn't drunk or obnoxious, being polite and waiting, and really got pissed because he wasn't even that busy and I felt was just being a dick. Mixed drink with house vodka ran about $10 and beers about $6 so not that bad considering its Vegas. I couldn't request any songs either because unless you had $100 to throw down for them to play 20 seconds of your song is not worth it to me. If I went again to see a piano bar would probably check out another. And there was a $5 cover which isn't that bad, but probably changes all the time.
5	Yes yes and a oh hell yes. This is the most raucous and fun dueling piano bar in Vegas. You have two beautiful blonde twins rocking out on piano taking requests and sneaking in a bunch of jokes to mess with the audience along the way. It's a must do every time we're in Vegas. Sometimes they have subs help out and for the most part they're great too. If you have no sense of humor go for tea and sandwiches somewhere and be snooty. Otherwise sit your ass down and have a laugh it's worth it. One of my favorite things to do in all of Vegas.
5	We were just yelping looking for a bar to hangout and saw promising reviews on the piano bar. The twins came up multiple times and we decided to check them out.Turned out to be the best piano bar experience for me and my friends were very really happy. The two backup performers are better than the twins, hands down. Some funny facts: the pianos were actually keyboards carved into piano wooden frames; one of the backup pianist came out looking like a cheap restaurant chef but turned out to be more amazing than the twins; the pianists were dueling, so was the crowd - this time specifically it's Texas vs Detroit; everyone was singing along clapping standing up and having lots of fun.To round up, if u are looking for a true happy hour look no further. In fact, make it 3 hours, or the whole night. U will love the crowd the pianists and the boisterous atmosphere. Highly recommend staying at least an hour for the backup performers who are the real stars - amazing piano dueling, great working the crowd, and adept at making you pay more for song requests while feeling awesome doing it!Some tips: the twins and the backups take 1 hour turns, don't walk away if u thought what u saw was good enough; u can pay 10 bucks up for song requests, but be prepared to bid up!; it's only 5 dollar cover charge, says need 1 drink minimum but no one really check cos they are too busy having fun; take a walk around the area - great vibe; remember to stop by at the rockhouse open bar just outside the waitress is really hot.Where happy hour is redefined.
1	I am a big fan of the dueling piano/piano bar shows and this one is one of the worst I have seen.  The same two women have been there every time, and it's just not good.  The only one worse is the one over in Paris.
5	The Piano Bar at Harrah's is a blast!!!  I spent the whole evening at the Piano Bar during my last night in Vegas.  $5.00 gets you into this dueling piano bar with great piano players who sing.  The crowd is rowdy at best.  If you want water and don't want drinks, you can ask for water and the staff will give it to you.  This is an entertainment venue in Las Vegas, so if you want your songs played, you simply fill out a card and pay the piano players.  If you want to stop a boring song, you can pay them to do that too.  For birthdays, anniversaries, and bachelor/bachelorette parties, the songs get dirty and raunchy... but hey, it's Las Vegas... what do you expect??Check out my pictures of the Piano Bar, especially the guy with a bra and underwear on... LOL!!!!
5	My husband and I went to Harrah's on 10/29/11 and had a great time. The musicians were very talented and funny. We had just ordered a Long Island next door at the outdoor club by Harrah's and it was very weak. We ordered one at the Piano Bar and it was much better. We had such a great time, we returned on Halloween night.
4	Surprisingly it was our out of the country relatives that found this COO dive. Clare, my NEW cousin in law, & her family came from England, Switzerland, Canada to holiday they were so excited about Vegas. They were out late gambling & found this awesome little club. My husband & I joined them again the next night... totally worth it. It was packed & the dueling pianists were awesome. Played a WIDE variety of music... from Canadian Hockey chants to 'come on eileen'. Song Request Slips were all around & just add tip to it & they were happy to play it. No cover charge because we were there on the weekdays. No pressure to buy drinks either.
5	Very fun bar with great staff and bartenders!  Piano players will try to play anything and are very talented and funny.  Video poker at the bar seats, so free drinks if playing.
4	It's always the places that you least expect...I have found myself here a few times, always by fluke. I'm usually passing by or in the area with an hour to kill when I hear live music, and that's what pulls me in.  When you mix live music with a room full of people perfectly saused and throwing all caution to the wind you can't help but have a good time.The music selection isn't the greatest but it's live and sung with vigor. The guys and gals that play piano are completely entertaining and worth your time if you ever find yourself in the area with an hour or more to kill.
5	We love the Piano Bar at Harrah's.  When my wife and I go to Vegas we normally stay at Harrah's and we always find ourselves at the Piano Bar.The talent is pretty good, while it really helps if the crowd gets involved, in our experience, the piano players make the crowd.  This place is a no brainer if you are in the area.
5	We stayed at Harrah's this past trip out to Vegas.  One night we were walking around the casino, and seen a large group of folks and heard the music.  We made a note of it, and came back the next night.The two girls are great, and they also had a few subs assisting that night that were equally good.  Very talented, and funny.  It was very relaxing hanging out after a day on the strip.If you find yourself at Harrah's, I highly recommend the Piano Bar for a few drinks and a good time.
3	We stumbled in here on Thursday night and I was a gold mine.  The entertainment level was thru the roof.  The 2 gentlemen on the keyboards held the crowd and entertained everyone.  We had a great time.  We returned on Saturday night and the 2 ladies pictured here were playing, Ill have to say they are the reason for only a 3 they werent very entertaining like the 2 gentlemen from the previous night.  But overall the value was good.  The only kicker is this place is just off the casino floor and they say no outside drinks.  Kinda foolish as we purchased our drinks from the bar right outside in the casino and were told we couldnt drink them inside.  reguardless we still did but come on.
5	There's a lot to do and see in Vegas, but Harrah's Piano Bar remains my favorite place to visit when I'm hitting Sin City.I came here for a friend's 21st on a whim and we had an absolute blast. The energy/atmosphere in the joint is absolutely palpable-I don't recall a single person just sitting quietly in their seat, sipping on their drink. Everyone was singing along loudly, even dancing to a few numbers.The performers are super talented and will play almost anything, just as long as you throw them a tip (standard piano bar set up). They brought my friend up for his birthday and sang "You've Lost That Loving Feeling", which was hilarious. The feeling of this place is rowdy and fun, but not totally out of control, like the rest of Vegas can definitely tend to be.If you're looking for a fun night out in Vegas, Harrah's Piano Bar should absolutely be one of your stops.
5	this was the highlight of my Vegas trip! I had so much fun here. the ladies really know how to work the room! It is just a fun no drama atmosphere.Will be back for sure!
5	Vegas is filled with dueling pianos and we did go to a few while there, but this one was by FAR the best!!  The pianists bring the energy and get everyone out of their seats, dancing, singing, celebrating -- it was great!  The night we went, there was a country music vs. rock music show down.  One pianist was playing country on request, the other would interrupt with rock music -- it was truly dueling pianos!!  The waitresses were fast and friendly -- our drinks never ran out.  Had we not had tickets for a comedy show, we would have stayed there all night.  Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas!!!
4	LOVE this Piano Bar - it's always a good time --- very casual and loud, but a ton of fun!!  Great tunes and lots of singing (off tune, but it's always ok)!!  The girls are entertaining and their subs aren't bad either.  There used to be a cover charge, but I think they may have done away with that . . . at least on Saturday night, there was none!!  The drinks come pretty quick and are average Vegas prices -- $10 premium cocktails and $6 beers. The four stars - as much as I love this place and for the most part, the atmosphere is fun -- it is dark, average clean and gets pretty smoky depending on who you get stuck with for neighbors.  But we are talking Harrah's!  Overall a great time . . . give it a try!!
4	I have been to MUCH better piano bars, but this one was enjoyable nontheless. My boyfriend would say this was a lame place to be, but I really had a good time. Granted, the performers weren't the best, but they were definitely entertaining!I would rather come here than to a silly bar in Vegas.But maybe I'm just a sucker for pianos...
4	Old-fashioned Vegas fun; crowd ranged from mid-20's to 70's; high energy, no cover during the week.  Reminded me of how IP's karaoke bar used to be before they moved it upstairs.
4	This place can be a LOT of fun but you definitely have to be in that right mood to make the most of it. If you are looking for intricate cocktails featuring St. Germain and Lillet, a place to show off your new "duds," a mellow night out, or amazing musical versatility don't come here. However if a fun night out involves belting out the lyrics to "Don't Stop Believing" whiskey and Coke in hand, and with an absolutely sauced bachlorette or birthday girl sitting on the grand piano then you've found the right place. The "Twins" are talented but their repertoire is not as diverse as that of the dueling pianists at "Napoleon" in the Paris. The crowd is a lot of fun and the longer the night gets the rowdier it gets. The pianists contribute to the atmosphere and be ready to hear more than a  few obvious puns about the audience's love life throughout the night. It's also a very diverse group: anything from college kids to mid 60s. Unfortunately - and this is why I can no longer give it 5 stars - is that the supporting cast to the "Twins" is no longer as strong as it was last year. One of supporting male pianists looked and sounded like a carbon copy of Paul McCartney and was in my opinion the best of the bunch but it looks like he no longer performs at Harrah's.
5	This review is for BIG ELVIS only.  Big Elvis (also known as Peter Vallee) used to be at Bill's Gambling Hall, but is now playing at the Piano Bar in Harrah's, Mondays - Fridays (but dark Wednesday) from 2:00 - 5:00 PM.  (He doesn't play continuously, but has shows periodically throughout that time.) I came here specifically to see Big Elvis, and he was fantastic!  He is BIG -- so big that he has to sit down while he sings.  So while he doesn't 100% look the part, he really channels the King, and has a fantastic voice.  (I heard that he used to be twice his size (900+ pounds), and lost a (quarter)ton of weight.  How awesome!  And I thought Jared from Subway was impressive. . .)He has an opening/partner act, a guy named Chuck (I think) who's also a great singer. Big Elvis is as nice and friendly as can be, interacting with the audience with a great rapport.  He takes photos with fans and signs autographs at the end.  It's clear that he loves what he does, and the enthusiasm is infectious.There's no cover, but there is a 1-drink minimum if you sit at the tables. However, the bar is open to the rest of the casino, with just a half-wall and open windows.  So if you're a cheapskate like me, you can stand *outside* the actual piano bar (or just stand right inside the door, without sitting down at the tables) and you don't even have to buy a drink.It's not exactly a hip crowd -- my partner and I were the youngest people in there by a *long* shot.  But we had a blast anyway!Tip: The casinos can be hard to get around.  The piano bar is on the north side of the casino, across the way from Casino Royale (where you can buy $1 hot dogs if the mood so strikes.)
5	Wow! What A talented crew they have here! We had such a great time! This is one of the most fun things we have done in Vegas. If you're looking for interactive entertainment in a casual environment with great service, this is the place to go!!!! You won't regret it!
5	Love this place. Great atmosphere and great waitresses serving drinks. Paid $6 for a Bud Light, which sucks, but no cover charge for the entertainment. We stayed for three hours and enjoyed every minute of it. Probably the best piano bar I've been to, Vegas or otherwise.
5	The best duelling piano bar in Vegas!The pianists really do a great job of getting the crowd up and singing along with them. They create playful rivalry banter with the two sides of the room getting the crowd to participate louder.Place is casual, all ages above 21 attend and the atmosphere is good old fun!
4	My group had so much fun here!Dueling pianos is not everybody's cup of tea, but regardless of age, where you're from, or who you are, there will be a song you can sing along and dance to. We went on a night that the blonde twins were playing and they are GREAT crowd pleasers! They really know how to get the crowd going and interact with everyone! We ordered our drinks from the small stand right outside of the doors. The bartenders working weren't that great (how do you mess up Vegas bombs??), so i suggest getting your drinks from the bar inside. The place gets packed, so get there early if you want a place to sit!
3	Always and busy place. The blonde sisters are great during dueling pianos, the other groups are mediocre. The drink selection lousy dismal and way over priced. All and all, it is a decent dueling piano, no Pat O's.
4	Oh my, oh my! This was the best people watching we had all weekend. After gambling and losing, we wanted somewhere to hang out which didn't involve a drink over $10. We arrived here at 6 pm when they opened and karaoke was just starting. We saw it all. Drunk old lady that can barely stand to beautiful young girl with a killer voice. We had a great time laughing or applauding. This trip we didn't stay for the dueling pianos, but last year I checked it out and we loved i
4	Dueling pianos with the twins is great. Very entertaining.
5	This place is fantastically brilliant! It has become my new favourite thing to do in Vegas.The atmosphere in there is simply electric, with everyone in the place singing and dancing (what we were doing can be loosely described as singing and dancing!)  together.This place really does get a mixed crowd, but the one thing that everyone always has in common there is that they are having fun.The twin girls who were the first couple we saw performing there were simply amazing, but when they finished their shift the next two managed to keep the night going brilliantly.There was no cover here, the drinks were reasonably priced and if you tip well enough your songs seem to get played pretty quickly.I cannot recommend this place enough, I guarantee that you will have an amazing time here.
4	My friends loved the music.  It's not as much mainstream, more of the older songs.  They had entertainers playing the piano.  First duo were the Twins.  They were pretty entertaining.  Next group was a latin man and woman.  They were good at playing the piano, etc but not as entertaining as the twins.  The twins get the crowd more involved.  My guy friends all went up on stage and started dancing with one another.  They had a bromance going on.  Two of them got into it and took off their pants! LOL  It was hilarious.  Everyone started busting out their cameras.At the bar, one of the bartenders was a dick.  He ignored my friend and me as we waited at the bar.  Older gray-haired gentleman.  He just looked at us, walked by, and helped someone else.  WTF!  Then the other bartender who we ordered from prior, came out from the kitchen to help us again.So we were apparently blocking the entrance to the kitchen.  We were asked nicely to not block it, so we moved out of the way.  One of the older ladies, I think she's flip, is a witch.  I was not even blocking and she wanted me to move like 2 feet away from the entrance.  My friends thought she was pathetic.  Then when she came out of the kitchen she said excuse me to everyone and made them move out of her way.  She could've went the same direction as the other waitress where no one was in the way.  She likes to be a b*tch or something.  How dare my friend say I'll look like her when I'm older; she was joking though.  The lady was ugly!!!!!  She thinks she's all that n ish.  Please...she gotta cake face.  The drinks were decently priced.  Cheaper than the club drinks.  Typical drink was $6, at least the Jack n coke was.
4	Awesome, free spot with great people watching! Might be difficult to get a seat/table, but this piano bar is sure to provide you with some free entertainment (which is pretty rare in Vegas!). My only complaint was that it's not smoke free, and the people at the table in front of us kept lighting up. It was not as enjoyable with big clouds of cancerous smoke being blown in our faces...But that's Vegas for you!
4	My friends and I decided to go to Las Vegas last minute for one night.  Since the boys don't do clubs, we looked up this place on Yelp and decided to come here because of the ratings.  My Marine friends and I definitely had one heck of a time here.  Three of the guys were drunk happy that they started entertaining the crowd by joining the Twins on stage singing along and dancing; they mainly sung old classic songs.  Eventually, they got sooo into the music that they ended up taking their pants off!  They had on boxers of course lolThe drinks were decently priced compared to the drink prices at clubs in Las Vegas.  There was another group that performed but they weren't as entertaining as the Twins, but they were still good performers.   The environment is different from what I normally do.  We all definitely had a blast that night.
5	This place was so fantastic. We stumbled in here after trying a few rounds of roulette at the Harrah's tables. We heard some music being played and got intrigued. This is a dirty, old, ridiculous piano bar and we ended up staying for hours and hearing the pianists belt out some of the greatest classics on the piano. The drinks are cheap for Vegas. $7 for a beer, you really can't find that many other places on the strip. There's no cover, you can basically watch the performances from the casino if you don't want to go into the bar. The twins that duel on the pianos are brilliant. We came back another night and watched them play for hours. They were so talented and on point with every song. I would recommend this for a chill night in Vegas. We did this after we went clubbing and were extremely exhausted.  We sat next to the pianos and people watched all night. Still had a really fun night.
2	Not a fan...  have tried this piano bar in past & always resorts to same old thing.  The twins spend more money trying to get in a bidding war to stop a song then actually sing the darn song... UGH.... Waitress are tired & overlooked our table several times.   Finally went up to bar to get our own drinks... ordered vodka/cranberry & it was so dark I think they forgot the vodka...  The two stars they received is for the fellas that actually sang a bit while we were there..
5	You have to go here.. The place is insane. I don't think I've ever laughed like that. We went around 10pm and at first just took it all in. The crowd was so into hearing their favorite songs they really get involved and acting crazy. REALLY!!  Its great fun and never a dull moment.
2	I love the pianos, but the bar staff could use some people skills, we came in late so the piano players were wrapping up, we were sitting at the bar playing poker and after our first drink for us and buying some for our friends with us at like $27 for two regular drinks we completely got ignored and could not even get eye contact for almost 30 minutes till we finally just left...
1	Very overpriced drinks, poor service, and mediocre music. Seemed very promising at first but a $14 well drink and a very, very smoky room ruined it for me. Never again. Much preferred the outdoor bar between Harrahs and the Quad and the impersonator / blackjack dealers at the Quad.
5	Came here after a comedy show - probably around 11pm.  We got a seat right away, and they don't charge cover.  The dueling pianos played awesome music that kept us entertained until close.  We also went to the piano bar at NYNY which paled in comparison to The Piano Bar (they charge cover if you want to sit).  I'd definitely recommend this place!!
4	live music! crowd in the 40ies plus, but fun and great piano players, reminds me of howl at the moon.
2	I tend to like dualing piano bars, so while deciding what to do with the rest of our night, we stopped here for drinks.  However, I'm not a fan of the drum track that was played under each song.  Either just play the piano or hire a real drummer or a bass player for the bass line.  Getting a drink was a hassle.  It took the waitress forever to come to our table and looked like she was the only person working the entire place... which explains why some patrons were going to the bar and getting drinks way faster than we did.  The waitress finally came, took our order, then took forever to bring them to us.  When she came, I gave her a $50 because I didn't have anything smaller for a Jack and coke and a beer.  She tells me "Oh this is a fifty.  I don't have change, I have to go get it.  You gave me a fifty, okay?" then disappeared for probably 5 minutes or so.  When she reappeared, she proceeded to bust tables around us but made no attempts to bring my change.  Then she went into the back for a few more minutes and came back out to bust more tables around us.  I mean-mugged her and she came over to our table and asked "Did I forget to give you your order?"  So I had to remind her that she owes me close to $40 in change since I paid with a fifty, then she said she was bringing it to me, and that she decided to do everything else but bring me my change.  She apologized, said she needed to go get change, went into the back, and came back with my change.  SMH.  We stayed a bit longer without ordering more drinks.  One male singer was alright.  There was a female singer who was butchering all of the songs with her off-key voice and horrible hair extensions, but she thought she was rockin' out.  I think the rest of the bar was just wasted.  Laughing at other people in the bar provided the best entertainment.  I can see how this place good be a good time and when I walked by a other nights, there was always a crowd.  I just happened to have a not-great experience.  I might try it again next time I'm in Vegas but I'll go to the bar and get my own drinks.
4	Always a good time! Very Smokey inside! They need better ventilation! I've now been here on two different occasions, and it's just so much fun! The songs are classic, they play requests for a donation, and they get the crowd up and roaring! The twins were playing on Saturday night. They did a fabulous job!
1	I came here with my mother in efforts to find a common place we could both enjoy. I have been to a fair number of dueling piano bars and they are usually a good time, if not raucous and comedic. I can't speak on the talent of the pianists because quite honestly, one of them was two busy ranting on about how "kids these days don't know good music" just because he wasn't getting a huge cheer every time he mentioned an old artist name. He started to insult younger generations, which was quite off-putting. I had put in classic suggestions and heard none of them (Styx, Queen, Meatloaf ring a bell?). So much for appreciating the classics.On Service: It was not a packed night (a Monday just past 9pm), but the server, whose name was SANDRA for those of your interested, seemed to find a minimum of 20 minutes to find her way to our table in her section. I asked whether there were any specials for the night. She told me that the special was a buy one get one for $3 deal, so I thought, "Great!" and ordered a drink for myself and my mom. She then tried to tell me that it wouldn't work, that we needed to order four. Upon asking for clarification, she looked at me impatiently and said "I don't think you understand me."At that point, I replied "No, I don't believe I do." She didn't try to elaborate further to help me understand so I placed my order regardless. We were here to have a good time, right?She then returns, albeit 20 minutes later, with our drinks and has already cashed us out. She stands there EXPECTANTLY waiting for me to fork over my card, like she could not get rid of me faster. I was shocked, to say the least, that this woman wanted so little to do with tips that she would usher a customer out, and I asked her "oh, do you need me to get my card RIGHT now?" and she said that she did. I handed her my card wordlessly after looking at the exorbitant price of the drinks (25 bucks for two well drinks), and she walked away briskly.I expected an equally brisk turnaround, but she dallied with the return enough that I was able to finish my drink in a growing fit of anger at the poor service. She finally returns to the table and hands me my receipt and card, at which point my mother sees the bill and looks at the woman in astonishment. Not only had this woman upset the paying patron, but had made the experience equally unpleasant for my mother. I wish this story ended here. Instead she waited, hovering over the table, waiting for me to sign the receipt. I couldn't believe it. I believe that is the first zero I have written on a tip line in my life, and I couldn't have felt more okay with it. As someone who has worked multiple service jobs, I tend to be as courteous as possible. I have never wanted to tell a person how to do their job so badly in my life. Maybe this place is entertaining on the weekends with different (better) staff, but my experience was awful. I will NEVER go back to this establishment, and will encourage my visiting friends to steer clear of it. Congratulations, Harrah's, your staff has negatively impacted your success. Might want to see to that.
1	Terrible! This was probably the worst piano bar I've ever been in! The guys were ok that singing..but when the girls who I guess are twins came out and started singing the whole place died.  Their singing was atrocious!!! When the guys sang, the crowd was totally into it. These ladies were AWFUL! and the waitresses are not a sight to look at. The waitresses were awful. We kept getting passed up on numerous occasions and the bartenders weren't really any better. I will never go back!
3	Harrah's looks like an old casino that you may not feel has any wow factor.  While it is a bit dated, the Piano Bar is worth a visit.  First, for those who have not been in a dueling piano bar before, a bit of a background.  Two large piano's are in the middle of the bar, with two talented players who can also sing.  They go head to head and vie for the audiences approval.  They play all your favorite songs from the 60's to Present day. Typically they add a musical twist, remixing the song a bit, and are able to transition from song to song without any breaks.  The atmosphere at this bar is great.  Lots of audience participation in suggesting songs and even dancing up on the stage.  My friend at the beckon call of a bachelorettes party, did a dance and mini strip show (shirtless) for 4 ladies on stage.  Vegas Baby!No cover and it's super casual. Drop by if you've never been in a dueling piano bar before.
4	I like it!!!... Drinks are expensive about 10 dls a beer. But the two nights I was happy. I just bought the beers in another place more cheaper and that is it!!!!...
1	Totally rude staff!! Denied a glass of water because she didn't want to buy a drink up at the bar and we were rudely told to take a couple drinks from outside the bar out. I understand the policy but there is no reason to be so mean and rude!!
5	Went here twice on my recent trip (Wednesday night and Friday night).  No cover charge and decently priced drinks (Friday night $5 Jack and Diets).  Wednesday night they let my friend and I dance up next to the pianos and get completely crazy so I was happy.  If you want to sit, enjoy some music, meet new people, and have a great time for not a lot of money then check it out!
1	Obviously it was an off night. The performers were horrible, & off key. Can you say buzz kill? The place emptied out as soon as it was packed, 1 drink and you were out of there. I was more entertained walking to the ladies room!Gave a $10tip for them to butcher a request- I get the dueling thing but if the crowd actually likes a song, maybe you should stick to it for more than a couple of lines... Too bad we couldn't take it back.
4	Still my favorite piano bar in Vegas. And I'm a local and a piano bar obsessivee! The performers are ALWAYS good. The crowd is always having a good time and the most lively and fun crowd/atmosphere for a piano bar in Vegas. A lot of crowd participation and drinks are fair priced. I didn't give it five stars because lately their song selection has not been the best. They need to play more traditional piano bar music; I hate when they try to make modern day rap music or pop music into piano bar music- annoying. But other than that- best piano bar in town!
4	No cover for a Saturday night....Awesomeness.  Drinks a bit pricey.. cranberry vodka and a bud light came out to $18. $8 for a budlight is really steep. Overall fin place.
4	This place is never a bore. It is always full of energy no matter what day of the week you go. However, sometimes it may be packed to the brim so it is difficult to find a seat. I have came here around 1 and 2 am and it can be a slosh fest lol! Also, it takes a while to get a drink (there might be a drink minimum). There are two twins who do the dueling pianos and are funny to listen to. Most of the songs that they play are classic which makes it even funnier.
4	I can't believe I've stayed at Harrah's all these years and never once went inside The Piano Bar until now. This place rocks!When my sister, brother-in-law, and I walked in, there were twin sisters playing piano and singing their hearts out and the crowd singing along. It was packed but we were able to find seating at the bar with video poker! Super score!The sisters took requests from the crowd. Write down what you want them to play, throw in a dollar or two or three and they will eventually play your song of choice...and they are good too! We had a blast rocking out to Madonna, Robin Thick, and Journey. The crowd seemed to be having just as much fun dancing, clapping, and singing along. Definitely check this place out if you just want to sit, drink, and listen to music. The bartender liked us so the three of us walked out kind of tipsy :)Oh and we went on like a random Wednesday night and it was cracking!!
4	The dueling pianists are phenomenal. I was fortunate to get a seat right in front of Christina's piano and she was having a great time, engaging the crowd, and even made some subtle jabs at us since we were right there. Funny, bouncy personality and extremely talented musicians. They didn't necessary duel each other during the show I attended - more or less accompanied each other with the drum kit on their electric pianos - but they honored requests (and the tips coming with these requests are huge, so if you don't have $20 to give them, you might not get your song!).The only reason I can't go 5 stars on this place is that, while the cover is a two drink minimum, we had no sooner sat down when the cocktail waitress asked "what will you be drinking" - excuse me, I know it's required, but you could at least formulate it into a question. My father and I ordered a rum and coke and she nodded, retrieved it, came back and curtly said "22 dollars." First of all, holy shit. I go drinking in Washington, DC and I don't pay $11 a drink - but whatever, live entertainment and it's Vegas. We paid her and she never came back to ask us for our second drink, so after the show was over, we bailed. I wasn't gonna stick around and plead with them to give them more money for their cover charge if they weren't even gonna send the waitress out again.Also, the drink was pretty bad for $11. Hardly any liquor in it. Conversely, at the House of Blues, it was $9 for a drink and it was almost entirely rum. Different ends of the spectrum, I guess.I still highly, highly recommend the show because they are great entertainers and very talented pianists, but the other aspects of the bar leave a lot to be desired. It's a shame I couldn't go 5 stars on this.
4	I've been to dueling piano bars before and while I will say they didn't duel they sure did entertain the crowd. I liked the wide range of music they would play and the jokes kept on rolling. They kept the crowd engaged most of whom were pretty tipsy. Drinks were good and service was also good. I had a great time and will be back again.
1	Sucks ass!!! Anyone can be great plugged into an iPad and a key board. It's not a true piano bar. It's a milli vanilli hang out. Vocals are horrible they can't even make it into a drag show. Good to drink and thank nonsense . Other than that a bunch of no talent ass clowns with less then average voices! The Brady 5 is well more worth watching than these no talent ass clowns!!!
1	This place is money sucking bullshit. $50 bucks and one song....come on!!! Piano bars need to be a little "out of the ordinary" come on guys... Tune up on your skills! Yerrr killinnnmeeee!
4	Yes, it's kind of cheesy, but it's always good for a laugh.  It's a great place to go when you have a wide range of ages in your party.  The performers are funny and talented and if you tip them, they'll do songs for you or wish people happy birthday, etc. (for the record, it seems like anything less than a $20 tip means your request is put on hold for a bit)   Last time I was there it was a two drink minimum.
4	I had a good time here but a lot of it for dueling pianos depends who is in the crowd that night. We had some drunken Texas girls who were paying for country songs all night which was pretty funny. The usual dueling piano twins were off this Sunday but the fill in guys weren't bad. One guy did seem to think a bit much of himself based on having a hit record when he was 15 in the early 70s (seriously) and basically thought all music after 1975 sucks. I'm sure part of this was schtick but the other guy played all the country stuff.There is a two drink minimum here but nottoo bad since all Jack Daniels drinks were $6 each. Fun time and I'd go back here.
5	All about the live music. Small venue in the entrance of the Harrah casino in Vegas, definitely one of those oalces with live music that draws your attention as you enter. Playing the classics and anything else you request. A great place to let loose and be yourself. The crowd ranges from twenties to later fifties, all here to enjoy their night, so you don't have to worry about acting out or being judged. Good vibes all around. The pianists definitely put on a good show, one for the books. Drink to be merry, be merry and drink. You can't go wrong with beginning or ending your night here.
