4	If I could afford the rent, you best believe I would be living in Soho!  This place is the epitome of downtown living!A few friends of mine have places at these lofts.  What I really love is that they have a pub (Lady Sylvia), a hair salon and a small little grocery store in the same building.  Around the corner is Chicago Joe's Italian restaurant and Brooklyn pizza.  Not to mention the heart of DOWNTOWN just a few blocks away.  All the units here are loft style apartments, open concept with exposed air ducts.  Windows are floor to ceiling and there are really cool cabinets in the kitchen.  The floors are polished concrete and the overall layout just makes you feel like you're in a downtown setting.  Totally my type of living.  I heard the amenities like the pool and workout room is better in Newport lofts across the street.  Also, I'm not too fond of the security downstairs.  Not really welcoming to non-residents.  Like I said, too expensive, however, if I could afford it, I would be there in a heartbeat!
5	I was looking for a place in Downtown and stumbled across the magnificent Soho Lofts. It was the first place on my list for viewing and after meeting the realtor and taking a tour of it. It was the only place I looked at lol. From the second I walked in it just felt like home. The security at the front is great and the gym and pool are awesome. My kitchen is big and spacious with a lot of cabinet and counter space which is great for me, since I love cooking. My sons room is huge and he has a lot if space to play. My favorite part of my loft is my bathroom with the huge soaking bath with jets. I also like how roomy my vanity area is. The view from my balcony is amazing. I love it here :)Also there's a great little car called the Lady Slivia that's attached to my building so I don't even have to leave here for a drink :)
5	SOHO Lofts is the bomb!!  Anything you want is here.  You don't have to leave this place, except for work, of course.  Lots of amenities.  24 hour concierge.  Very hip.  The view from my lofts is to die for.  The rooftop pool view is even better!!Regarding Christine B's review:  It's untrue.  The HOA is very strict.  All balconies must be free of ANYTHING that will make the building look trashy.  The rules are strictly enforced.  Your review reads as maybe you were kicked out, or maybe even evicted?!?
