1	I am very disappointed with the service that we received at Ashley. They use blatant bait and switch techniques. They advertised a special and then only have the piece available by order or in Casa Grande. Instead they try to push you toward another more expansive product in the store.   Everything that they sell is made after you pay  and they started by telling us that their warrantee covered anything that could happen to the couch. Until we brought up the BBB reports and complaints about their warrantee then they came clean about the real deal.  I just don't understand the predatory sales model and the desire to miss lead the consumer. It's sad because I really like their stuff.
1	Boring. I did not see anything I liked. Most of the dining tables look cheap. Not too much of a selection of tables and desks. Oh and prices are too high.
2	Completely average for a furniture store...I did get a sweet deal on my son's bed. The poor review is due to the sales process. I walked in with the ad in my hand and cash in my pocket. I knew exactly what I wanted and it still took 45 minutes...NO I don't want the paint protectant, NO I don't want the warranty, NO I don't want delivery, NO I don't want a lamp to match the bed, NO NO NO! I felt like I was buying a car...
1	Good grief.  How difficult can it be to sell a pair of lamps, a demo rug, and a bad fake plant?  There must have been six sales idiots walking around, though most were watching the wide screen television at the front of the store.  There was much attention paid to writing the item numbers down on a sales slip.  Then a request that we carry our purchases back to the office to have the manager "approve the sale."  When I refused, the manager came up and explained that each purchase must be approved because the company "audits twice a year and IF THE NUMBERS ARE WRONG ..."  and then she gave us a strange look as though we might have a couple of her marbles in our pockets.  Oh, who gives a flying shit?  All kinds of businesses undergo audits. Take the money, cut another notch on your tyrannosaurus rex inventory bone, and let's get on with it.  But no, after the mandatory "approval" process there was a trek across the store to get to a credit card machine.  Using a sales receipt book with carbon paper might have been quicker.  Or bartering buffalo pelts. If you find yourself tempted, let a responsible adult know where you are before you go.  Or ask them to come with you.  Buddy-breathing talent might come in handy.
5	This is my second time visiting this Ashley Furniture location. Both times I was able to work with Guillermo and he was great!  He let me take my time and I didn't feel like I was getting "sold" on something just to get me out the store.  I was able to purchase furniture for my den, living room, kitchen and bedroom for a very reasonable price.  The delivery fee was about $80 or so but definitely worth it as they assemble everything as well.  I would call ahead just to make sure Guillermo is available.
2	Beyond stupid.  Bought two recliners.  Worked with a very nice helpful older(72) salesman Richard.  Made arrangements to pick up later in the day.  Showed up and customer service paged Richard to load my truck.  I just had shoulder surgery and could not help much.  I asked rep are you really expecting Richard to load the truck?  She then asked a manager who shrugged shoulders and said Richard needs to do it.  Richard came to do it and asked co worker for some help and co worker rolled eyes and reluctantly helped.  Nice team work Ashley (NOT)  Richard was great.  Ask for him if you go here.
2	Our sales experience at Ashley's was great. We bought a sectional and a queen mattress and got it scheduled for a Saturday delivery($10 extra). Everything seemed great until today when I received a phone call for our delivery stating that it would be at 7:00-11 am. Mind you that we are moving into our house Saturday and aren't getting the keys until 10 am. I got the call as a voicemail and tried to call the number back four times and all four times I was disconnected after being on hold for 15 minutes each call. I had my boyfriend call the store to which they said they charged a $59 redelivery charge for a time slot that we never set up and the week earlier we were told we would get a call to schedule a time. ( I wouldn't have minded if it was a four hour period a little bit later in the day). They make no exceptions to the fee and refused to waive the fee given our situation. So we were given a time that was impossible for us to work with so we either wait outside for four hours waiting for the truck to have our furniture delivered, or pay a $59 rescheduling fee for a time we never scheduled! I've never been so annoyed.
5	I have been to this Avondale store three times and made purchases each time. Every visit I was helped by Jermain Moore. He has always been great to shop with. He is very knowledgeable of the merchandise on the showroom floor and makes furniture shopping enjoyable. On another occasion I had Danny Thompson come to my home and repair a table that was delivered with a defected corner. He repaired the table without any notice of a previous defect. I was blown away by his results!!This store is great, but the employees are even more amazing!! I would definitely recommend this store to friends and family!!
