5	Yummy! Sonic is symbolic with warm weather and roller skates (If you're lucky :))...even though I've been known to crave a lemon slush in the middle of winter. Sonic has the best variety of drinks around (non-alchoholic). Happy hour is amazing because you can get any drink or slush half off. AND...dare I say it...they have the good ice!! Hot dayum! On this particular trip, I was on my way home and went off the interstate 5 miles because I knew there was a Sonic in Mt. Holly! There are not enough of them in Charlotte...they are doing some funky thing with their hotdogs that I need to try...guess I have to make another trip.I also appreciate that when you are in the drive thru and the car in front of you has different tickets, some with mayo, some without...light ice, no ice, no whip...yadda, yadda, yadda AND you only ordered an extra large Sprite...they'll bring your order out and you can pay and leave. Thank you Sonic Gods!
3	The food was decent for fast food. The burgers were overcooked, but all fast food joints do that. No pink! The tater tots were saltier than I prefer, but edible. The service was quick and friendly. I have had lesser food and service quality before, but the new management sign made it worth a new try. I'll probably return at some time.
1	This is my second and last time attempting a milk shake here.  They give you a spoon instead of a straw.  The straws they do have are soda straws that are thin and flimsy and collapse when you drink out of them.  They need thick, wide, milkshake straws.  If I wanted ice cream, then I would get ice cream and eat it with a spoon.  I want to drink a milk shake out of a straw, not a pipe cleaner.
5	Great service, awesome food
5	Been There many times. Never a bad experience. Love their double bacon cheeseburger. Banana milkshake is great to (just not better than Cookout thou).Service is always a plus.
4	I'm not a fan of their cheeseburgers; I always get the coney and tots with sweet tea forgetting that they serve a ton of other drinks. At least I'm consistent, yeah?
