5	Without a doubt, the best cocktails in Edinburgh. The menu is extensive and innovative, but Borough's true greatness comes through in it's absolutely perfect classics.  Easily some of the best Old Fashioneds and Dry Martinis I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.  At only five quid a pop, the incomparable deal you're getting is only matched by the incomparable craftsmanship of the drink you're holding.Don't come here looking to find a buzzing crowd of professional twenty-somethings. You wont find it.  Come here when you're tired of deafeningly loud music, having your drink knocked over by the drunk girl with overly bleached hair, and overpriced libations.  Come when you want to relax in style and bask in the tranquil, classy, atmosphere. Come here when you want the perfect drink.
4	Having sprung up out of no where, The Borough Hotel Bar and Restaurant adds a touch of class in the area.A modern, new and excellently designed bar houses comfy booths, lounge areas and tables - often taken up by regulars loyal to the friendly and relaxed atmosphere in the Borough.Drinks are moderately priced, but the vast range of spirits and draughts are excellently served by friendly staff. Cocktails however, are the bars speciality - a huge menu  of classics and modern drinks for you to choose from is available.The Borough Hotel restaurant is also a modern and well designed area, with food ranging from burgers and chips to fine dining. While the restaurant is more pricey than the bar in comparison, food is outstanding and there is often a deal on to lessen the bill.The Borough Bar also provides a free pub quiz on a Monday evening, as well as a poker night every Tuesday and even salsa classes if you phone for details.The Borough bar and restaurant is a modern place for a friendly drink with friends or a quiet meal.
4	This is a classy place and it's not often that someone who is rarely defined as classy like me would visit a place like this.  That is because most classy places will serve you almost no food for a lot of money - here things are different.What makes this place so special is that in the more unpopular restauranting hours of 12-5 Monday to Friday when most people are working you get 2 for 1 on meals.  Admittedly, its not the most convenient time, but that is the point of it all.  What it does mean is that you can get some really good food for sensational prices.
