1	I have never been to this IHOP before, so I thought i'd try it out. Biggest mistake ever. As I parked I saw threw the window that not much people were in there, due to it being a Saturday night. So I thought," Hey at least we'll get our food quick." Cause me and my friend were hungry. Little did we know the horrible service we were about to receive. We were sat down quickly, But it took at least 10 mins before the waitress even acnowledged us for what drinks we wanted. There were 2 other people that came in after us that had their orders taken before ours. After our orders were taken and our food got to us, the waitress NEVER even came back to us once. So i paid 2.29 for a soft drink and NEVER got a refill. The busser came and took all the silverware, even my glass without even asking if i wanted a refill. Than we asked for our check, TWICE!! We waited for at least 20 mins killing time just to see if we would ever get that check. We never did. My friend wanted to Dine and Dash cause it was so bad, but i told him I don't do that. This is without a doubt the worst service I have seen in any restaurant. I left no tip, and that's something I never do, until now. I It wasn't like it was just one person giving the bad service, it was the whole staff. The waitress was horrible, the busser never let anyone know that we watned our checks, and the Supervisor from what I saw was not helping out. I wish I could give 0 stars cause I would.
1	My kids and I were about to take a road trip decided to eat at IHOP versus Denny's that Friday morning. Worst experience ever and my instincts told me to just leave before we ordered since it took over 10 min for our waitress to acknowledge us. We ordered drinks 2 sprites and a tea and my glass arrived with what looked like a baby roach in the glass. The food came forever later and my daughter had the half pot roast melt and a side of eggs. She ate very silent which is very unusual for her and she later admitted the sandwich was cold and the so were the eggs but she knew I was already mad and didn't want to add to it. My chicken florentine crepe had bacon pieces and blueberries missed in. When we went to pay there was no one at the register and the person that showed up finally to take our money yelled out for the cashier so that obviously was not his job.
4	Have been at this location many times over the past 10 months mostly during the AM hours on Saturday.Service was fairly quick. The fill up on the coffee could be quicker.Food was good and sometimes very good for breakfast items.Look for a generous coupon in local mailers and you'll be hard pressed to find a better deal for what IHOP can deliver.
4	OK, so it isn't gourmet food, but the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the prices are a helluva lot less than most of the casinos. I also tried one of their specialty drinks with strawberry puree, lemon lime soda and orange juice. It was a great departure from O.J. or apple juice. Add to it a buy one, get one free coupon and two of us had a really good breakfast at a really good price. For the two of us it was less than $20, with tip.
2	Went for breakfast and ordered a vegetable omelet and turkey bacon.  The turkey bacon tasted so old that I could not eat it.  The omelet tasted OK. My utensils were dirty and I had to get set from another table.
2	Overall the value is slippin'...They've increased almost all food prices across the board to the point I could take it or leave it."Bit my tongue" on prior visits but must say that the slow service was too much to take recently. Although the waiter seemed sincerely sorry that didn't change the long delay.Food was decent so it appears they believe people will come back no matter what.Well, here's what...the double wammy of prices up and service down earned an update of two stars.
1	Wow came here on sat at 12 pm we did get seated right away .10 min later the waitress got our drink order didn't ask if we were ready to order we were! Another ten min goes by no drinks no order. My son was very thirsty so I asked another waiter if we could get his apple juice .He said yes and then I saw him talking to our waitress. A thew min later we got our drinks and she took our order this took like 20 min. She never gave us silverware so we got it off another table. She never came back except to bring the check I asked for a to go cup. we paid  the bill $42. I am a waitress too so I left a $10 tip. Then we sat a waited 10 mins for my to go cup. Got home and none of the food sat well with us. Never again will I go to Ihop
3	These undercooked biscuits were atrocious! Incredibly salty alone and chewing on them was like biting into the Pilsbury doughboy! I'm sure this isn't a common occurrence however, this review is based off of my experience at this location for this visit only. Our server was freakin amazing and he was so nice to every table. I hope IHOP appreciates him and I wish I can say his name in this revue, but it violates yelps terms. Long story short, the restaurant smells like sewer gas occasionally, my blueberry cheesecake waffles were perfect and delicious.
4	It was Thanksgiving morning and we wanted to meet friends for brunch. Not a lot of choices in places to eat. It seems that only Denny's or IHOP would be available on Thanksgiving . We chose IHOP. To my delightful surprise we got seated right away in a perfect table in the back in the corner where it was quiet and we could talk. I chose a "fitness" item. This was a omelette with egg whites, veggies, and cheese, topped with lots of diced tomatoes. I had a choice of sides. Being at the House of Pancakes, I chose a small stack of three pancakes as my side. I was absolutely delighted with my choices. The omelette was delicious and incredibly filling. In fact I was only able to eat half. The stack of pancakes did not disappoint. They had a choice of syrups. I originally tried the old fashioned syrup. But then I switched to the butter pecan syrup. That was excellent. I really enjoyed my brunch. We were not rushed and were able to sit and chat with all friends for as long as we liked. The price was ridiculously reasonable, especially since we had a coupon. A very nice choice for a Thanksgiving morning.
5	Great place.  We decided to go out for Xmas breakfast... It was busy with a lot of people waiting for a table... They told us 20 minutes... They gave us a table at a less time than that. The service was timely and courteous, the food was good, the coffee was great! The overall experience was great, even though it was filled to capacity with more people waiting for tables! I am happy that this IHope is in my neighborhood. We will be back soon!
