2	O Executive Airport Shuttle, if you're going to ask me to call ahead, and actually write down my name, it's kinda rude for you to then leave the hotel without me on Monday morning when I show up 15 seconds after 7:30...The bus was in good condition, the driver was polite, and the actual ride to the airport was fine.  The phone and dispatch operators I spoke with were friendly, prompt, courteous, and all that.  This should have been a good experience.   I would have been much happier if I was told "THE BUS LEAVES EVERY 30 MINUTES, BE EARLY YOU LUSH" by a gravelly, whiskey roughened, world-weary voice on the phone.  It's Vegas... spell out the details... you could even write it on the little voucher, or if it's actually there already and I just didn't notice, maybe write it in bigger letters.
1	They were 25 minutes late. I called and was told they were only 5 minutes away.  Ten minutes late I called and told they would be there in 5 minutes.  Would not recommend.
1	While I liked the guy who drove me from the airport (very engaging), getting them to do the pickup was a big HELL NO.  I called to arrange it before hand then called when they were late.  I ended up having to take a cab to the airport and wasted my previously paid ride back to the airport.  Will never use them again!
1	I am going to have to add to the general consensus that Executive Shuttle sucks. The trip to our hotel was easy as pie, just a long line at the airport, but that's to be expected. My problem with them lies in their pickup procedures. I, like everyone else who has reviewed, scheduled a pickup a day ahead. My husband and I were early, waiting in the proper place, for our noon pickup. One of their shuttles arrived at noon, but the driver refused to take us to the airport, saying he was just dropping off. At 12:15 (the end of the window of time we were told to expect), we called and were told someone was on their way. We were still waiting at 12:30, when I decided to call again. This time the guy who answered apparently had trouble finding our reservation. He put me on hold and then, several minutes later, answered again as if he never spoke to me. I told him that he had put me on hold and his response was, "for what?" I was still waiting on hold at 12:45 when another Executive shuttle pulled up and we insisted he take us to the airport.Once on the shuttle, it was crystal clear just how disorganized they are. We could hear dispatch and drivers yelling at each other over the radio. I will be avoiding them in the future.
