4	You won't get iceberg lettuce here. Neither will you get the run-of-the-mill ingredients found in most other sandwich shops around town. Instead, Edinburgh's West End's 'different' sandwich place (although they do more) offers a variety of fresh finds and out of the ordinary fares like Mexican tuna, roasted root vegetables and chicken pesto pasta salad. Bite Me's refreshing presentation of carefully crafted fillings sets it apart from the rest.I usually get a salad box filled with rocket and topped with whatever's new at the counter. In spite of their gourmet leanings, I hear they make a mean bacon butty, too, although I've never sampled.
4	Firstly, I have to say bravo on the name choice! This place is pretty new and a good location for haymarket workers to pick up a sandwich.  Good choice of breads and rolls and a deli style counter to pick you want for the filling. Fresh and clean. Only been in once but would happily go in again. The lady who served me was knowledgeable about the ingredients, me being a fussy veggie I need to know if the cheese is suitable etc and she was able to tell me everything which was very helpful.
4	I had an excellent breakfast roll at Bite Me this morning.  I went in not knowing what a breakfast roll was, so was happy when the pleasant young woman behind the counter was patient with me and all of my questions!  Being in a new country, there are always questions, right.  Some people don't like "outsiders", but she didn't have a problem with my American accent at all.  I enjoyed a bacon, cheddar and  egg on the upgraded dark grain roll (the roll was totally worth 30 pence more, especially since a pence seems like play money to me, so "yep, i'll pay 30 pence for that!".  Seriously the roll alone would have been enough.  The bacon was thick and cooked well, egg was perfect (a little buttery/crispy along the edges and not the least bit rubbery), cheddar was sharp (i like that in my cheese, who wants dull cheese?) and she ground some fresh pepper on to my taste.  Yum.  The barista didn't seem terribly impressed with my black coffee order, but it's just who I am.  i like coffee, no frou frou, just coffee.   It was the best coffee I've had yet, in Edinburgh.I'm recommending Bite Me to my fellow convention-goers, but hope that doesn't put me to the back of the line tomorrow, when I head back for my breakfast roll!
5	After dropping off a box of cakes in the area and rushing around all morning I was rather famish for something savoury.  The name is fab, great ring to it.  It looked clean bright and airy from outside.  Even after the main lunch rush, there were people siitting in it and consuming what looked deliciousness.  So I choose a sesamne seed roll with mozzerella, peppers & pesto, which was toasted.  I was takeaway as i still had things to do.  It was good to see that my freshly toasted roll had a napkin alongside it in the bag too.  I didn't notice that the lovely lady server had cut in half or not but was prepared to rip it in half.  The toasted was really tasty and filled me up.  The fillings were fresh and full on tasty.  The service was fast and attentive.  Yeah, I think I'd come back, if in the area.
