4	I've been a client of Maidly for a couple months now. I can count on them to be on-time and flexible with specific cleaning details. I love the online payment system and overall awesome customer service.
5	I tend not to write reviews usually, but I'm making an exception because I have finally found a cleaning company that has actually heard of the internet!I use maid.ly as and when I need to (ie. parents coming to visit!). I book them, select a time/date and pay all through their website. The whole process takes about a minute, and works on my iPhone. This makes me very happy.Also, they have always been on time, are friendly, and much better at cleaning than me! Recommended!
5	My wife and I have been using Maidly for a few months now. I seriously don't know how we functioned without their help. We're both busy entrepreneurs and have little time left at the end of the day. Obviously, we don't want to spend that scarce time cleaning...The team from Maidly has always been so great. Maggie, I believe she's the lead maid, is the sweetest, and has a great attention to detail.Booking cleanings is also incredibly simple, and honestly, I love that I can do it online rather than calling someone. We've recommended Maidly to many friends, and won't hesitate to recommend them again.
4	Maidly was awesome. I've never been able to clean my house as quickly and efficiently as they did! They were also very friendly, and that made me feel extra comfortable. The only thing is that all of my mirrors were a bit streaky after they left. I let them know about it when they called afterward to see if I was pleased with the service. I think it was purely the product that they used though. I bought the yelp deal for next time I'm a lazy bum and need their help!
5	Where do I start? How about the best customer service in town! The short end of it, We live in Canada with a vacation home in Las Vegas. For the first time we decided to rent our home at Home away.com and use Maidly when our guests check out. Our maids always stay connected with us with pictures of any damage or if anything is out of place. That is so important to us being 3000km away! Rachel (owner) always confirms my cleaning bookings so I don't have to think about it. A true hidden gem in Vegas!!!!  Keep up the excellent work. You have my trust!CheersAlex
5	We had Stephanie and Anthony come by to clean our trailers for our Luxury Airstream trailer rental company Airstream2Go. They showed up 15 minutes early to their first appointment and were very articulate and thorough in their cleaning. Sanitation and cleanliness come as a priority and they delivered!Rachel is a doll and amazing at communication and customer service. All of our appointments are confirmed 24 hours in advance. We even received an email with our Maid's pictures so we knew who to expect! They are uniformed and professional in mannerisms. I'm glad we finally have someone we can depend on.Airstream2Go loves Maidly!
5	Great service! The owner was incredibly prompt with follow through after I conveniently booked online. She also automatically applied the Yelp voucher I purchased so redeeming it was a breeze. Anthony and Stephanie were very friendly and did a terrific job. They even stayed a few minutes longer to complete a last minute task I asked of them. I will definitely use Maidly again!
5	We use Maidly for our small office space in Downtown and they are really great. They always do an incredible job and I love the reminder messages they send out. Very pleased.
4	Maidly was great and really easy to work with. I signed up for a cleaning using their webpage and had a coupon for 50% off my first cleaning. They came on time (I think even early?) and really did a great job making my place sparkle. I was in the apt the entire time typing away and hardly even noticed that they were there. If you can snag this coup or Yelp Deal, it's def worth it. My only issue is with the pricing. I have a 750sq ft studio and Maidly said I needed two 'maids' for 90 minutes @ $35/maid/hr. That seems like a bit much. It was fine with it bc of the first-timers coupon, but I think I'd rather clean my own lil spot rather than toss $125 (105 + tip) on having them over again.
5	Maidly is great! We used the service for about a year and loved it. Great price, amazing maids, and easy scheduling! Highly recommended.
2	I scheduled Maidly to clean my condo upon move out. I ordered specifically the special move out clean which is a deep clean and supposed to take "double time". The CEO contacted me via email and requested I send her any special requests, which I did. The maids arrived on time, but only stayed for one hour and forty-seven minutes. My special requests were not met (which she guaranteed would be), the inside of the oven and microwave were not touched, walls were not cleaned, floors were not cleaned, and there was a nasty oil (must of been some sort of cleaning product)that was on all the counters throughout the condo. For an expensive clean, barely any of the tasks listed on the website and requested were done. After contacting the CEO about the issues, she attempted to reschedule and send another set of maids, but was unable to send a team within the needed timeline before move out. A full refund was given by Maidly.
5	We have used Maidly a bunch of times and every time they have been absolutely delightful. Very professional, clean until everything shines, and they don't really care if it takes them 5-10 more minutes (they won't charge). And setting it up was so easy, i'm a continued user! Love these guys and can't recommend enough!!
5	SO easy to book online and excellent staff and service!  My house looks gorgeous!
5	I've been using Maid.ly since they launched and have been really impressed by the whole service and staff.  It's so easy to book, they even went out of their way to set up a special schedule for my apartment.  I've used 2 different crews and they are so professional and communicative.  Highly highly recommend!
1	I had an appointment today at noon and no one showed up. I got approval for security to let them into my unit because I was at work all day. I was excited to come home to a clean place, but I walked in to find it exactly as I left it. No one called to let me know they were canceling. It was just a no call no show. Very disappointed!
5	Love Maidly. Used them a few times now for move-out cleans, or for after a party. Always do a great job, and maids are friendly and professional.
4	I've been using Maidly since they launched and have been happy with their service. Booking is a piece of cake!
