2	Not bad. clean, not busy. Food was as good as McDonald's gets. The only bad thing is that the employees were yelling and fighting in the back. Kinda funny but really unprofessional considering the age of them and that the manager was standing there laughing at them.
3	They usually have a long wait time in drive through when it's busy. Other than that, the service is good
4	No wait inside but receiving our order seemed to take longer than necessary.  I asked about the Elliot & McClintock location and didn't get any info about that store bit did learn this location is moving East to Elliot & Priest around August/Spetember.
2	It's been 8 minutes and counting and they STILL haven't taken my order. Joy I'm gonna be late for wk this AM *thanks* McDonalds on 51 & Elliot!-------------------------UPDATEIt took another 8 minutes to get my food that day for a total of 16 minutes to get out of there and YES I was late.  I do have to say that I did go back once since then and this time my order was quicker but they didn't have any customers so I'm not sure that's improvement or not.
1	I used to go to this location for breakfast, until the day they gave me a raw egg!  The sad thing is that this is the second time this has happened at this location.  I even made sure to tell them to cook the egg all the way through, so you can imagine my shock and utter disgust when I bit into the breakfast sandwich and the yolk began running down my hand! I said I will NEVER go back to that McDonalds because obviously there is an issue with making sure food is thoroughly cooked.I did call the manager to inform him of the issue, and he was nice, but nice doesn't change the fact that the staff can't seem to prepare an egg properly.  I don't want to get sick because of someone else's incompetence.
1	We drove to this McDonald location and we were shocked to find it closed. A sign was posted redirecting customer to another location.
1	This particular McDonalds just sucks. I've only ever gone through the drive-thru because this one is closest to home, and in the maybe half dozen times I've done so, there's always been something wrong with my order, missing, or just cold. Last week I decided to go again before I had to go into work- at this point there was a line of 4 ahead of me. I saw this as a good thing because I figured I'd get some hot fries- wrong! I waited almost 20 mins in line got cold fries, old chicken nuggets and rushed service. This is the last time I hit this Mickey D's up again.
