5	This place is awesome!!! I got the caremelized onions and blue cheese. It was soooooo good.I've been eating healthy for the last 5 months and have been sad because I couldn't find  a place to eat that serves burgers.  Then this place came along and made all my dreams come true. I had an awesome burger and walked away still feeling great.The decor is nice and clean. It doesn't have rock and roll posters on the wall but what the heck does that have to do with awesome burgers, Besides, who wants sensory overload while they're enjoying a burger. The only sensory overload I need is the one that was going on with my taste buds.This is a local place and I'm more than happy to support it. The foods delicious so why not. The family that works there is really cool and friendly too.I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get a good burger.
5	I am so happy to have Jimmy G's in my neighborhood!!  I love how the new owners have really cleaned the place up.  It looks GREAT.  I also love the food and prices!!  My favorites are the turkey and veggie burgers.  You can even ask to have you burger protein style, no bread just served on lettuce.  They are so willing to make it the way you like it.  My daughter loves the hambugers and french fries.  Everything they serve is fresh and not frozen.  I HIGHLY recommend trying it out, as I think you will glad that you did.
5	Went in with my work crew, got a southwest burger and was not disappointed. The bun was super soft and the sauce they used was a really nice combo to the beans! The fries are fresh, which is always a plus. They remind me of five guys fries. They have a giant patio which I thoroughly enjoyed! ill be back. They need a dessert!
4	Wow.  It definitely seems there are no in betweens with this place, you either love it or hate it.  I for one loved it.  Far from being cold and sterile, I felt the atmosphere was clean and simple.  I can't imagine how anything else would work in such a small place.  The staff was helpful and friendly and the food was great ( I had an excellent veggie burger with fries).  I thought the prices were amazing.  I can go to a chain fast food place and pay $7 for overly processed, previously frozen food or I can pay a few dollars more and get freshly prepared food that was never frozen.   I definitely felt it was good value for the money.
5	Ask Jimmy to make your burger spicy .... It's AWESOME!!!  Food and service is the best we experienced in Phoenix (and we tried all the big name restaurants).
5	Went in for lunch today... decided to try it since I didn't have a great experience when it was "Da Burger Shack". Two things immediately stuck out:1. The inside looks MUCH better now.. it's cleaner, looks nice, and has more space.2. The people who work there are extremely nice!I had a cheeseburger.. the burger had a nice juicy homemade taste served on an amazing bun. My co-worked had "blazing" sauce with his that he really enjoyed.Definitely give this local restaurant a try, especially if you haven't gone back since they turned into "Jimmy G's".
4	The blazing burger is everything they said it would be, wonderfully hot!  If coming for lunch, come early becaseu parking is limited unless you don't mind the street.  Nice outside seating and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Great job Jimmy!
4	Great little place. Very good burgers and people. Very clean and cute, and a perfect patio for spring or fall.
5	Can't say enough nice things about this place.  We were so happy to find it when out for a walk.  Charming spot in the cute little Cheery Lynn neighborhood, but right on 16th so it's easily accessible.  Lots of places to sit outside on the wrap-around porch, as we did.   Just Mrs. G behind the counter taking our order (so friendly and welcoming!) and Jimmy made our food (he was also really nice and asked how we enjoyed our meal).  The food is high quality but very reasonably priced.  We got two burger meals, one specialty burger and one custom, with a side of avo for the babe and it came to $20 even.  I had the Blazing Burger and it was fantastic!  Just spicy enough to keep you wanting more but not overpowering. Enjoyed everything about the food, you can tell the ingredients are quality, from the vegetables to the buns to the huge (properly cooked) meat patty.  Hard to pick a  favorite between the fries (use the special fry-seasoning in the can on the condiment bar, next to the Sriracha (another win)) and the onion strings!  I like their apparent philosophy.  Keep it simple, keep it quality. Very much want to come back and try breakfast, and wish they were open for dinner!  Looking forward to returning.  Thanks Jimmy G's!  Way to be.
5	Great food! I was lookin for something to eat that was close to where I was workin and I found Jimmy G's. Had no idea it was here but very happy I found it though!
5	My husband & I have eaten at this place several times over the last couple years (prior owners) and now Jimmy G's & LOVE IT!!  I always look on the menu with has lots of choices but will ultimately be talked into whatever new creation Jimmy thinks of!  I have NEVER been disapointed and its owners couldn't be nicer and so friendly. The place is clean, quaint, really a good burger place.. I really love the Onion strings.. I keep suggesting sweet potatoe fries with aoli sauce as another good side to add.. I too love that Cherry Lynn area with the unique shops & good place to eat lunch.
4	I very much appreciate their vegetarian options, but wish they had more varieties of vegetarian burgers.  The quality was quite good, and I very much liked the "build your own burger" options.  The atmosphere was a bit like a hectic lunch place, which was appropriate for a quick workday lunch.  I wouldn't recommend it for a fine dining experience.  The food was tasty and owner, who also served as the cashier, was very friendly and accommodating.  Two thumbs up for a somewhat unique locally owned place with veggie options!
4	I went here for lunch today after hearing my co-workers rave about the place. I was very happy that I went since the food was really good. You can build your own burger out of a very large array of choices. I got the basic bacon cheeseburger with swiss  cheese and was very happy. The burger was cooked to perfection and very juicy and full of taste. The fries were really good too. It is a very good local place and the staff are really warm and friendly. I would highly recommend it for a good tasty lunch. The only reason it didn't rate 5 stars was the fact they don't server fresh brewed tea but rather that tea from a soda fountain. Other than that, everything was great and a great price! :-)
4	Bought a living social deal...very pleased.  I plan to come again.  The green leaf lettuce isn't my favorite on burgers...wilts. Otherwise great!!
3	Really enjoyed the burgers we had, WAY TOO over cooked, our fault we didn't say med rare and they were beyond well done!
4	A friend and I made lunch plans for today, she suggested we come here.So glad we did!I had the BBQ Bacon Burger, medium rare, with fries. She had the special - Southwest burger, with chorizo.The bacon was perfect! I should have asked whose bacon they use - this is the stuff I want at home. So meaty and perfect and thick and full of bacony goodness. The cheddar was melted to perfection - with crispy parts where it hit the grill. Few things get me giddy like the crunchy cheese! The onion ring was a happy touch. Burger itself well prepared and flavorful and the bun was super fresh.The fries were good - but the burgers were large enough that even with the two of us sharing my fries, most were left on the plate.I'll definitely be back - happy to have this place so close to home!
5	Burgers were excellent (both BBQ bacon cheese and peanut butter bacon) and fries were even better. They cook burgers to order instead of chain-style aka overdone. Staff - I think one was probably the owner - was super friendly. Fun environment. Great shaded tables outside which are perfect this time of year. Very clean. Another win for the local scene!
4	So my girlfriend is flying home from Chicago, foodie capital of the world, and tells me she just had the best burger. Hmmm, I want a burger! So while I'm waiting for her flight to arrive, I head over to Jimmy G's...awesome burgers! Not as good as some I've had in Chicago, but an excellent choice if you're in the area antiquing or thrift store shopping.
5	Ahh, I love a restaurant that can be so tasty  and down to earth. Four words, Peanut butter burger time. Sounds odd but so did the first time I had a medium egg on a burger. Between the juicy seasoned burger, red onion and smooth peanut butter, I was in burger nirvana today. The food quality was excellent, the restaurant is clean, the staff friendly and accommodating.  I will definitely be back and bringing guests to this fine burger restaurant.
5	The owner and his wife were very welcoming.  I had a classic burger.  It was one of the best burgers I've had.  The beef was well seasoned and very tasty.  The fries were great too.  They were well seasoned and crispy.  I would eat there again.
5	Food was delicious, very fresh. They have a lot more than just burgers, and the price is really good too. The owner is super friendly and even gave us some samples of some of the other menu items.
4	Fries are delish ! I had the classic burger and i asked for it with out ketchup, but it came with it anyway. The burger tasted good and it was for sure as fresh as your going to get. It was overloaded with condiments that the burger fell apart and i gave up after two bites. Everyone has there burger preference , but this was not mine. I wont deduct stars because Jimmy's should be given a chance because i can tell there is a whole lot of heart on what they do.
2	I was excited to come here after seeing the good reviews but was disappointed. I got the patty melt and it was nothing special. I felt I could have made something reasonably equivalent at home. Maybe I should have gotten a burger with a bun but still, on a patty melt i would expect thicker slices of sandwich bread than what they serve. Fries were slightly undercooked and didn't taste really fresh.
4	Tried the burgers. Well cooked and tasty. Habanero burger is extremely hot only try if you're brave enough. Really friendly staff.
5	Ok! Good burger places are a dime a dozen but this place rocks! The burgers are fresh ground, hand made, fries are amazing! Had the Swiss mushroom burger and chili cheese fries! Really good! Love the atmosphere, sat on the porch at a picnic table. Tables are also inside.  Great service! We'll be back! Good job Jimmy G's. Live long and prosper!
5	Great new place in the hood. Several varieties of burgers and all freshly ground beef. No frozen patties here. Fries are also homemade and hand cut. The chili-cheese fries were awesome. Ordered the BBQ bacon cheeseburger which was very moist and tasty.  Only suggestion would be to add beer and wine to the menu.  It would also attract more of a crowd.  Will definitely be back soon.
5	Best burger place in the area!! With out a doubt will I be returning to this place. The BBQ bacon burger is must try and so are the onion rings! The bleu cheese burger is VERY bleu cheesy. Still good, but very rich. Give the place a chance next time you want a burger! It's fantastic and the people working their are very nice. By the way, they BBQ on Saturday!
5	Had a great experience here AGAIN! Wonderful peanut butter bacon burger, would definitely order it again! Best burgers so far BBQ bacon and peanut butter bacon. I have tried the bleu cheese but it's a little strong for me! Definitely a must try!!
5	I rarely ever feel inclined to write a review, however, my experience here has been so great I just had to share! To begin, the customer service is awesome. The owner is incredibly friendly and is proud of the food he serves. I have tried the gyro wrap and  cheeseburger. This burger is the BEST I have had in a long time. The beef was thick and juicy, cooked perfectly to my liking. The fries are also delicious and are always seasoned well. They have a great patio and if my job permitted a longer lunch break, I would stay and eat. Their service is very fast. I will be going back very soon.
4	Went there for lunch with work 8 colleges and everyone's became a fan. I had the peanut butter and bacon burger  with fries and a drink. I think i paid like 7 or 8 bucks. Quick service and friendly staff. They even hooked us up with 2 brownie cakes for free. I will definitely go back.
2	I'm giving this place two stars because I liked the costumer service! The guy was extra friendly. The burger was one that could have been thrown together at home & did not fit the bun & the fries were only so so the ketchup was running and tasted funny.
5	Absolutely a five star quality restaurant. It's not a Ruth's steakhouse or extravagant dining, it is a phenomenal little burger shop. They do more then burgers too. Stop by grab a lava burger (if you can handle the heat) and then try the shawarma wrap. I'll be back, especially if the owner is always this welcoming.
4	I had lunch here with some coworkers and had the BBQ Bacon, Lava, and another (Classic?) burgers with fries and onion rings.  All were very tasty!  The menu offers more than just the standard burger fare and has enough variety to make me want to come back to try other things.  Even so, what really sets this place apart is the super friendly and attentive service.
3	This place has switched owners about a billion times (ok, maybe only four times) since we moved to this neighborhood three years ago. I guess it's hard to make this place work as a burger joint.The veggie burger is ok, but even though this place is within walking distance, we'd rather go somewhere else 99% of the time. Last time we went, I had a craving for onion rings...but the ones I got were burnt, which made me sad. I love onion rings! The fries weren't that good either.The menu seems to be having an identity crisis...there's a lot to choose from, but the food isn't outstanding or notable in any way to me. BUT I have not had their non-veggie food, so maybe for meat eaters, it's amazing--I don't know.The owner and his wife are really nice (and I mean both the current owner and wife and the previous owner and wife of Jimmy G's) and you always get great service here (which is why this place gets 3 stars). They will even deliver out to your car if you call in your order!
3	Originally, I was going to give Jimmy G's 5 stars.  However, that was under the initial owners.  At that time, Jimmy G's seemed to be one of the few high quality, "mom and pop" burger joints in the area.  Unfortunately, the food quality dropped a bit under the new ownership.  Also, Jimmy G's also used to have a large and creative burger selection.  Now it seems like they are trying to move from their burger roots and expand their menu to a larger variety of items.  In my opinion, the best restaurants tend to stick to making a few dishes very well.  Jimmy G's should go back to their original menu and focus primarily  on great burgers.  That being said, the new owners and staff are very friendly, and the service is great.  Hopefully, these changes will made, and Jimmy G's will become the 4-5 star restaurant that it deserves to be.
5	Great service & outstanding staff - went above and beyond for to provide exceptional customer service. Food is reasonably priced and delicious! Highly recommend
4	Just had the Cordon Blue special...AWESOME! Really friendly  service and the deck was a great place to chill with my lunch chow!
5	Sad to see this restaurant closed, apparently being repainted and turning into another restaurant. I enjoyed the excellent food here and the owner and his wife were always welcoming and wonderful. Thank you Jimmie G'S for introducing me to peanut butter on a cheeseburger and for the delicious shwarma.
5	Awesome experience.... my youngest son had an accident while hiking and was getting stitched up at the hospital around the corner. It was past lunch time and my older son and I were starving but also had our dog. Found Jimmy G's on yelp and with a coupon decided to give it a try.Upon arriving it was the perfect casual spot to hang out and kill time with the dog. Nice porch with picnic tables to eat at which were perfect for a messy 3 yr old and pup. Ford was excellent burgers were juicy and fries hot and crispy. Only food that wasn't great was a Togo Greek salad I got for my wife (not nearly enough dressing).What really earned this place 5 stars though was the service, the gentleman I'm assuming was the owner or at least manager was tremendous. He didn't know our situation but was interactive with my 3 yr old and enticed him to finish his burger with free ice cream (it worked). The nice lady working also brought a bowl of water for our dog.Big thanks to Jimmy G's for assisting us on a tough day with good food and hospitality. If I ever find myself back in that neighborhood I will defiantly be stopping.
5	True story: My wife was in labor for 62 hours. After the first day she managed to walk around a bit and ate a JimmyG cheeseburger with onion rings. She had to go on petocin for the next 2 days and all she had to sustain herself was JimmyGs. Now we have a wonderfull boy! Thank you! She loved the burger. You guys rock
2	I see this place has closed. They always had a sign out that read "Opened for Breakfast". But they were never opened for breakfast. I ate there once and had a burger and fries and did not go there again since the food wasn't the greatest.
