5	I can say without a doubt that Daniel made our recent trip to Vegas what it was.  Our group had a subpar ratio (5 guys and 3 girls) and we wanted to hit up a lot of the best clubs, so we knew we needed more than just a call to the hotel concierge or an e-mail to the club.  We had booked some stuff through another VIP company, but they were not following up with us and couldn't promise what we wanted (ie, they could promise a table but not one in a good location).  Luckily, the guy who hooked us up with our hotel room (a whole other success story in and of itself) let us know that Daniel with 702 VIP was the guy to call.Daniel was a great sounding board and advised us not only on the best clubs, but the best tables in those clubs.  Sure enough, Friday he whisks us through the VIP entrance at Marquee in literally five seconds (and that line was massive) and walks us to our dance floor table for Porter Robinson.  Saturday night we hit up XS, and we got the same deal...back entrance with literally no wait, dance floor table.  As those are the two best and most in demand clubs in Vegas at the time of this review (and they were prime weekend nights), we were stoked on how connected this guy was and how we were able to walk right past the insane lines outside the club, and then again walk past all the tables next to the bathrooms or miles away from the floor.  Best experience ever.  We felt like celebrities.Not only does this guy really know the people he says he knows and can deliver what he says he can deliver, but he is genuinely nice and made a point to get to know everybody in our party, not just the one whose birthday it was and who did most of the booking.  Plus his watch is seriously the most impressive watch I've seen in a long time hah.  He's admittedly not a bargain and he doesn't pretend to be (because this is Vegas), but we still got deals on both tables and paid less than people that had to wait in the table line.  We will never go back to Vegas without giving this guy a call first, cannot wait to see what else he can pull out of his hat.
5	702vip.com is a true VIP experience that streamlines all services for nightclubs, day clubs, and more.  If you are going with bottle service, there is no other option except 702vip.com.  I hate waiting and I demand the best. I will never come to Vegas without contacting 702vip.com.  Daniel's service and ability to make seamless moves on a moments notice in Las Vegas is like nothing I could have ever imagined.
