4	Stumbled upon this place on the way back to our hotel room. I'm a hookah enthusiast, so this may be a biased review. The food was excellent and the hookah was stellar. They also have Backgammon/chess & checkers. It's a cozy lounge with comfy seats and a pleasant, attentive staff. I'm hitting this place a few more times while I'm in town.
2	This place was okay. Service was not good.we needed a hooka refill but it took them forever, we had to physically walk up to them while they were playing cards.
3	Being a hookah addict (really but not really)  I try to find a hookah bar to hangout and relax in every city that I go. Whether its Morrocan or Persian, I'm not picky.This place was a typical low budget hookah bar with big enough drink/food menu and free board games to play.  It was crowded but we found a table (abeit dirty) to sit at.  Only gripe was the snooty patrons saving entire rows of couches. Obnoxious
4	We stumbled upon this place when we were in Montreal, and it was fantastic! It's a hookah bar that's open late (especially during Ramadan), and it has a great variety of flavors to try. They have a full food menu, too, but we only tried the falafel, which was good. There are a lot of cozy couches and big tables for groups, as well as smaller tables and chairs. They have a stash of backgammon boards for people to enjoy while smoking hookah. The atmosphere was lively and it was a great pit stop at the end of the night.
1	Well, what would you do if the staff is aware of your presence and does not bother taking your order more than 20 min after you seated? Leave, unless you enjoy staring at an immature crowd in an untidy and common coffee shop-looking spot.
1	One of the worst shisha bars I've been to, and i've been to quite a few.My friends and I received our food 20 minutes apart from each other, they wouldn't allow me to have water unless I stand at the bar even though I bought a meal and shisha, we had no service after we did receive our food, the smoothies we ordered were warm, they didn't accept credit nor debit (which is some cases is fine, but expected cash yet didn't even have cash to give back and made us do the calculations.) When we got fed up and decided not to tip, he forced a tip on us. Only positive part is that the manager gave me a discount since I was so upset with their "service" and the food DID taste good. Never going back again.
2	Good hookah, terrible service. You seat yourself and we received menus right away ... then ... chirp chirp ... nothing for 20 minutes. After seeing 2 tables of over 12 people served before us, we had to seek out a server. Everything was brought out promptly but then we waited another 30 minutes for anyone to check on us ... again we had to find someone. $12-15/first hookah, 8-12/each after.There is also no air circulation - you feel like you're sitting in a smoking box. Top that with no AC in the summer and you get lightheaded before your hookah even arrives.Don't waste your time; it kills the experience. Next time we'll try the place up the street.Cash only! They fail to mention this until it's time to check out.
5	The service was great, the place is relatively cheap... I ordered some shish kebab and was amazed by the quality of food( maybe not 5 star restaurant level, but exceeded my expectations).
1	The most horrible restaurant experience I've had in Montreal!It was the definition of dirty, with the chairs torn apart and the tables barely standing the weight of the food. The food itself was the worst part: we had a sandwich that was made with old chewy bread and a few flakes of meat spread on it. The hummus was OK, and the salad was nothing more than bitter lettuce with a bit of dressing. In the end, the waitress didn't even have enough change to return the rest of the bill, and I was almost forced to give more tip than I intended simply because I didn't want to wait for her to ask every single person in the restaurant for change!If you're planning to have some good time, I think Shahrazad should be your last option!
3	A divey hookah bar in the Concordia/Crescent area, that is perfect for what it is: a smokey student dive hookah bar.  Perfect for hanging out with friends for a few hours, to chat or even play a board game.  There isn't much ambiance to speak of, but if you're with good company, does it really matter?  Pull up a chair to a table, order whatever you feel like (in my case I like a nice pot of tea), wait for those who are smoking to get their hookah, and then be prepared to watch time slip away.  As others have mentioned, service is . . . interesting.   At the price it costs though, no complaints, you just got to go with the flow.
5	I just want to say they have best shisha ever and also there food is really good. I would not go any where accept to Shahrazed. The best shisha that I love to have at Shahrazed is the blue mist. I love it. Also, they best chicken ceaser salad, chicken sandwich, calarmri, and also try hamburger. there food really good. Try it. I don't go any where accept to Shahrazed. they open very late on the weekend. the weekday they open late but not like the weekend.
3	It's a fairly small shisha lounge downtown. I'd say it's fair pricing for the shisha  my top flavors are blue mist and green apple. It's a really chill atmosphere. If you want something, ya better ask. Because even if you have a look of desperation on your face nobody will come check on you. With Concordia right around the corner, it gets full of their students. Just a little FYIThe food there is decent. If you want a chocolate shake be sure to ask for a "chocolate milk shake" rather a "chocolate shake" they have me chocolate milk lolOverall this place is decent. It's the company you bring that makes it a good time. Overall it's an okay lounge
1	unfortunately my first experience here was on NYE. This may account for shortcomings in service. The reasons for the poor review:- inattentive service. we watched 3 tables(possibly regulars) be seated and acknowledged before we had our orders taken. 2 couples that were seated at similar times left due to the wait.We had to find our server for the bill, and again to pay.-CASH ONLY. we may have overlooked any signage. unfortunately this became a problem when the server didnt give us proper change, and made it seem that I was trying to short him the money owed.- average shisha options. The shisha wasn't bad here, just not as much variety as other places.-location and atmosphere are subpar.this location/business may cater best to the customer demographic for the area (mostly college students and people leaving bars)-tea options/drink options minimal.
