5	If you're into running, biking, or swimming, do yourself a favor and visit the fine folks at The Endurance House.The staff is friendly and extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  From offering expert advice and guidance about swimwear or biking or running or nutrition, everyone at Endurance House has always gone above and beyond to assist like no one else ever has.Top notch service, great selection of products, and prices that are consistent with everyone else makes this place a win in my book.  They have tons of running shoes (from Asics to Saucony) and are happy to spend as much time necessary to find the best shoe for your needs. I don't mean for this to sound like a commercial, but I really do love this place.  Great running clothes/accessories, wetsuits, bike stuff, shoes, helmets, sunglasses - you name it, they have it.  The store may not be huge, but they carry all of the top notch stuff.  It's sort of like my "candy store" - don't let me run loose in there!They also have a triathlon training program - check it out if you've ever considered doing a triathlon.
5	I almost wish I lived in Middleton because this is a one-stop shop for running, swimming and biking equipment. I loved the layout of the store and the employees are incredibly helpful.Mary T and I stopped in here to pick up some supplies for Ragnar Relay. It was conveniently located a few blocks from the Fairfield Inn and just down the row of shops from Erehwon, so between the two stores you are going to find everything you need for an outdoor adventure.The man who helped me (forgot his name) was super friendly and so very helpful. He directed me to the energy bars and supplements. We talked about different brands and consistencies of the products and their various uses. He didn't talk down to me even though I'm sure I sounded like a complete running novice. He was genuinely interested in the race were doing.I purchases a couple different flavors of Shot Blocks, Gu and a sweat band. The total came to just under $20, which I found to be about average for what I bought.
5	While I'm not an avid runner or a triathlete...I usually feel like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman when I walk into an athletic store...they're wondering what I'm doing there.  Endurance House was the first time I've walked in and felt welcome and that they wanted to help me find the right shoe for me...even if it was a walking shoe!  They do the strike analysis which is great, and match you up with suggested shoes and let you wander around in them.  They were even willing to match a price for me after I bought a pair of shoes!  A truly great store that's clearly locally-owned, not a chain, offering great customer service for ALL levels of athleticism!
5	My husband and I have bought shoes and gear at Endurance House for the past six years. Neither of us are all that thin, but the staff is unfailingly helpful and courteous; we never feel judged even though we don't fit the triathlete body type. Prices are fair and the gait assessment is great. They are very patient and want the best shoes for you, regardless of price. Get your shoes and gear here; you won't regret it.
5	I've never bought running shoes that were picked out specifically for my needs but decided I would give it a try since I'm training for a half marathon. I heard a commercial on the radio for Endurance House's Personalized Movement Profile and decided I would see what they would recommend. I walked in and was greeted by very friendly employees. I sat down with somebody and explained my training regiment. They had me put on a pair of test shoes and filmed my feet/legs while running at my own pace to show my gait and how a new shoe could improve my form.I loved seeing the improvement from the test shoes to the Asics I ended up purchasing. The technology helps me really see that the shoes were correcting my pronation issues and convinced me to shell out a little more than I usually spend on running shoes.Even though I am not a triathlete, I felt 100% comfortable buying shoes here. The woman I was working with explained everything perfectly and made me feel welcome. I will be buying my next pair of running shoes here as well!
5	Had a fantastic experience with cycling gear/bike help! Tyler, the bike expert, helped my boyfriend and I select some cycling shoes. He not only took time to make sure we were comfortable in our new shoes, but he also installed the clips and pedals on our bike AND he even let us try out our new shoes in the trainers they have. It doesn't end there, he also took the time to check the essentials and whether our bikes had any serious issues. Although the pricing in the store is a bit hard on my budget, the quality of their products and knowledgeable staff make it entirely worth it! This experience will keep me coming back! Thanks so much Tyler and Endurance House!
5	Great experience getting fitted for a proper running shoe. Went in today, was immediately greeted by a friendly sales associate who was very knowledgeable in all things running. She set me up on the treadmill and took a video of me running. Brought out a great shoe for me to try that I loved at first go. She brought out a few more, but I ended up going with the first one she suggested. Will be back for future running needs.
