2	So the Carriage House has two things going for it, convenience and low cost. Convenience in that it is a short walk to the casinos you wish you had stayed at, and low cost in a man my cheapness is starting to make me feel dirty sorta way.The down sides: the beds were uncomfortable, the other hotel guests on average seemed depressed, there were a few smiling characters but most looked like they were on their way to a funeral, and there was no deadbolt on the door to my room.The upsides: I could poach free WiFi from the MGM Grand and use it to search Yelp for places to escape to, I didn't need to walk far to get somewhere more uplifting, and they had tolerable free coffee in the lobby in the morning.
5	Fantastic! No DINGING in my ears, yet, I could see NY, NY, PH, and the Polo Towers from my window.My view was off the swimming pool and tennis court too.The pool was warm (March) and the Jacuzzi was hot.There were noodles to play with! No crazy Vegas drunks in the parking lot, but I could walk a block away to see them.The room was condo/resort style. Full kitchen with dishes/silverware etc.The bathroom was stocked with Body Workssoap/shampoo/stuffs, cotton balls and q-tipsAND a Mach 3 razor.. new of course :)And of course free Wifi! Nice couch that folded out to a bed.Separate bedroom with King bed. It was sooo comfortable, with awesome pillows& blanket, not the typical cheap run of the mill hotel crap!Flat screen TV, HUGE shower.It was just a nice quiet clean place in the middle of the madness.We ventured up to the top floor, where it looks like they use to havea restaurant/lounge back in the 80's, no longer open.Oh, and a weird UNLV area?... Paid 90$.... On a Saturday....Made my reservation at 4pm....That night.../Impressed!The awesome guy at check in gave me the AAA discount withoutEVEN asking me. I will be staying here on all my Vegas ventures!
3	I did enjoy my stay here the six of seven nights that I was in Las Vegas but the other guests at the spot seemed to not be having a good time. I just could not figure it out. It was a nice room and all. Nice flat screen tv.  I never got to play tennis on the court or shoot some bball there. It was kinda windy the day I set out to do those things. I would say check out the Carraige House only if you get a really good discount rate.
4	This hotel was really nice. We were able to stay there through a time share plan. We originally booked a studio, but were able to get bumped up to a one bedroom. I had called in advance to find out about the kitchen (different rooms have different kinds) and they realized I was deaf. They ended up setting up a light up door knocker, a tty phone and flasher for the phone. It was really nice. The room was amazing. Cleaned daily, and nice. Full size kitchen, stove, oven, toaster and refrigerator. I would gladly stay there again. Sorta sucked that the AC had a motion sensor so the room wasn't ice cold when we came back, but still really nice. I liked the security that to get upstairs in the elevator, you had to have a room card, same with accessing the front door after 10pm.
5	This was a GREAT place to stay!  The rooms were very clean and comfortable and had ALL of the amenities of the upscale casino hotels, but without the high price, loud noise and the stale smoke smell everywhere.  It's location, just a block from the strip and right across the street from the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino and walking distance to the Paris, MGM Grand, NYNY and others.  It's close to everything....but not TOO close!I think the best part of this hotel was the kitchenette in the room.  We used the microwave to make oatmeal in the morning or heat up left-overs.  We LOVED the fridge, as we were able to go to a grocery store and get drinks and other snacks, as well as bring home left-overs from dining out, which made for a great midnight snack!There is a pool, it's nothing special but there is one.  We didn't use it. The wi-fi isn't free, but the front desk will give you an ethernet cable to use during your stay and then the internet is free in your room.The staff was beyond pleasurable and the AAA and AARP rates were more than reasonable.  Our room with two queen beds was $79/weeknight and & $89/weekend.  We felt that we definitely got our money's worth and would go back in a heartbeat.If you're looking for a "resort" atmosphere, this place isn't for you, but if you're on a budget and don't really care about the "status" of where you stay, I highly recommend Carriage House Hotel.(The only thing that would have made it perfect is if the hotel were pet friendly.....I had to find a local pet resort to kennel my dogs.....fortunately, I found a GREAT place!  I have also reviewed it as well.....A-VIP Pet Resort.....it was WONDERFUL!!!)
4	Great inexpensive hotel right off the strip for those that are just viewing it as a storage room and quick resting area.. Our room was $90 a night but split among 3 people it came out to $61 per person for a two night stay.. The staff are very friendly and available 24/7 for your every need.. The rooms are very nice for the price you pay and the beds are so comfy! At night you have to have a hotel key to enter the building and security is posted in the lobby all day so it is definitely safe.. They also require a hotel key to operate the elevator if you're entering from the main floor so that is an additional safety measure they have taken.. The parking lot for this place is pretty small and they have a lot of construction going on outside so it's a bit of a mess, but nevertheless it's still a great place to stay for its location and price.. I will definitely return here for Labor Day Weekend!
2	I wanted to love this place but can't.  When I checked in I asked for a quiet room.  The young man who checked me in didn't bother to respond.  He acted as though I did not exist as he checked me in.  I went to my room and it was located next to a room under construction!  I went back downstairs and complained.  He said that room was not being worked on this week.  Guess what?  It is being worked on as is the room above me.  There is constant noise.  I cannot even relax in my own room.  I had to beg to get a password for the wifi.  The timeshare people called me several times to try to strong-arm me to attend their sales pitch.  This place is just awful.  Stay away!
5	I really dont want to write this review because I dont want people to find out about my little diamond in the rough!...If you're going to Vegas and want to stay somewhere clean, close to the strip and HELLA cheap--choose the Carriage House hotel.They've recently upgraded their rooms and the decor is so cute now. The monorail is located right behind it and the hotel itself is about a 5-7min walk to the strip(not a big deal AT ALL). If you're thinking this might be like a Motel 6, you're totally wrong. With the new upgrades, It is more like a baby MGM suite.  We always get the one bedroom suite w/ kitchenette and it sleeps about 5-6 ppl comfortably!! Ohhh and they'll deliver groceries, flowers, or alcohol($$$) for you prior to your visit! Check it out!
2	I will not stay here again.  I am an owner in the Diamond Resorts chain and I have never been treated so badly at a Diamond affiliate.  On the good side, the housekeeping staff was terrific.  However, we made a mistake and forgot to put our parking pass on our dashboard one night.  The security guard pasted a sticker on our window that would not come off.  When I complained to management that they could use post it glue and not damage vehicles for a simple mistake, the manager did not care at all.  Yes, we made a mistake.  Does that give them the right to damage our vehicle?
3	I can't really speak much to the price/value of Carriage House because I rented out a friend's timeshare and we paid a very nominal fee for five of us to stay for a week. My review is based off of the room itself and the location.The outside of the hotel and lobby look much nicer than the rest of the hotel, but some light decor and painting touches could easily remedy this. The room was clean and there was plenty of space for us since we had an 8 person suite between 5 people. The bathrooms were a bit mediocre looks wise and the shower pressure was a bit rough for my tastes, but bearable.We had a kitchen filled with everything from cookware and dishes to cups and utensils. We never used it besides for coffee in the morning and to reheat some leftovers in the microwave a few times. The couch folded out into a queen sized bed and was big enough for 3 to 4 people to sit on comfortably. There were two other rooms as well - a master bedroom plus a regular room with 2 double beds that had a bathroom directly across from it. I stayed with my boyfriend in the master bedroom which had a king bed, a good sized flat screen TV, a small walk in closet with a twin sized folding mattress plus a bathroom with a vanity just outside it. The bathroom was TINY though, and I can't help but think they could have just taken the extra space from the walk in closet or vanity to make it better.The beds were comfortable - a bit on the soft side, but I prefer that. There were extra linens and pillows in a small closet in the hallway too. Each suite had a thermostat where you could control the heat or cooling which I was very happy with as the place seemed very warm in the halls and lobby.There is a pool and a small hot tub outside which were both open despite being too cold outside to really use either, but they are a nice add on. Overall, it was good to stay here because it was quite due to being a five minute walk off strip with no casino attached. I think next time I would look for a package deal and possibly pay a bit more to stay in one of the casinos on the strip to enjoy the full experience, but this would be the best option for families with kids and older couples.
5	Nicole B. wrote, "I really dont want to write this review because I dont want people to find out about my little diamond in the rough!" and that is EXACTLY how I feel!  I make about 2 to 3 trips per year to Vegas, and I always stay at the Carriage House (probably for about 5 years, now).  Seems like a lot of people are finding out about the secret though, because now there are times when I have trouble getting a room here.  It was never like that, a couple of years ago!I have nothing but good things to say about the Carriage House.  It is close enough to walk to the Strip (1 block), the rooms are clean and nice, and the service is great.  I once complimented the service to someone at the front desk, and later on that day, room service showed up to my room with a complimentary box of chocolates.  That was nice of you!There is no casino attached, but Planet Hollywood is literally right across the street. Once I'm done partying all night, it's nice to come back to a really nice, quiet room. Carriage House is great!
4	I'm confused as to why this place doesn't get better reviews from Yelpers.  I travel to Vegas 1-2 times a year.  We usually stay here when our time share allows.  This time, there was no availability, so we paid out of pocket...and still feel it was worth it.As already noted by other yelpers, the great qualities about this hotel are the location, convenience of the kitchen, friendliness of staff, available parking, strong wifi in room (particularly 2nd and 3rd floor)...I'm not sure what else to add.  Toiletries are bath and body works, good pressure and instant warm water in the shower, thick towels...It's great that they provide a small vacuum cleaner in the closet so you're not reliant on housekeeping.  I can't really think of any cons that are really the hotel's fault.  So LV Blvd and Koval, which are the two main roads that border the hotel are made congested.  LV at almost all times, and Koval during peak hours.  Another con is no airport shuttle.  But I usually have a car when I visit LAS.I think the price of $120 a night (incl taxes and fees) is reasonable.  It's not the cheapest even on the Strip (Circus Circus, Stratosphere, Planet Hollywood, and Imperial Palace are a few I know that are cheaper...but I wouldn't want to stay at any of them).Final note, one yelper's review suggested that it was a con that this was not an actual casino hotel.  In Vegas you can gamble at convenience stores, grocers, and even right before you leave at the airport.  If not having a casino immediately accessible first thing when you crawl out of bed makes your palms itch...then you might have a problem;)
4	I will alway think about staying here. Good price and great location
2	Stayed here to get a two bedroom because our college age kiddos with us. They left a few days before we did and we immediately moved to another hotel for a cleaner room, a nicer pool and a lock on the door; good decision.After unpacking, I threw a tissue in the toilet and it overflowed. Maintenance showed up and spent 30 minutes using every tool imaginable to try and fix it. They couldn't find the problem and moved us to another room....pack then unpack again.The second room was a step down from the first one that was a little bigger.  Dirty carpet,  nasty bedspread and THE most uncomfortable mattress ever.  Cramped bathrooms and anti theft hangers. Really, are there that many hard up for hanger people in the word?  Those things are a gigantic pain to use and have been pretty much eliminated in the hotels I usually stay in...upscale and budget ones.There were mattresses and furniture piled up along the side of the building. The pool is no frills and has no sun for half of the day. Noisy construction is going on next door that they don't tell you about until you get there. There is no deadbolt or chain on the door.  If you want to use the free wi-fi you have to go to the desk every day to get a code to access it.  The code changes every 24 hours and they won't give you a new one over the phone.I admit i'm picky about cleanliness. I can live with some of these issues but not all of them at once.  On the good side, the front desk staff was very nice and a room key is required to use the elevator.  There is a small selection of snacks and drinks in the lobby that are reasonably priced. The pool area was clean and parking is no problem with lots of convenient spaces.  The kitchen was well stocked with dishes and flatware.  The wi-fi is free.I won't be back and will not recommend it to anyone.
2	Stayed here to get a two bedroom because our college age kiddos with us. They left a few days before we did and we immediately moved to another hotel for a cleaner room, a nicer pool and a lock on the door; good decision.After unpacking, I threw a tissue in the toilet and it overflowed. Maintenance showed up and spent 30 minutes using every tool imaginable to try and fix it. They couldn't find the problem and moved us to another room....pack then unpack again.The second room was a step down from the first one that was a little bigger.  Dirty carpet,  nasty bedspread and THE most uncomfortable mattress ever.  Cramped bathrooms and anti theft hangers. Really, are there that many hard up for hanger people in the word?  Those things are a gigantic pain to use and have been pretty much eliminated in the hotels I usually stay in...upscale and budget ones.There were mattresses and furniture piled up along the side of the building. The pool is no frills and has no sun for half of the day. Noisy construction is going on next door that they don't tell you about until you get there. There is no deadbolt or chain on the door.  If you want to use the free wi-fi you have to go to the desk every day to get a code to access it.  The code changes every 24 hours and they won't give you a new one over the phone.I admit i'm picky about cleanliness. I can live with some of these issues but not all of them at once.  On the good side, the front desk staff was very nice and a room key is required to use the elevator.  There is a small selection of snacks and drinks in the lobby that are reasonably priced. The pool area was clean and parking is no problem with lots of convenient spaces.  The kitchen was well stocked with dishes and flatware.  The wi-fi is free.I won't be back and will not recommend it to anyone.
5	What a find....a block from the strip...clean & quiet....good price...pool & spa...good service...will stay there again....
2	First thing I noticed when entering the room was its odd odor.  Smelled like yesterday's cooking of onions.The furnishings are dated and unimpressive; the tv was flat screen but low picture quality.  No tub, only shower.  No chain nor deadbolt lock on the room door.  Bed was large but not a pillow top and looked well used.  On the plus side, it was clean and quiet and walking distance to the Strip.  Having complimentary wifi is nice.Comfortable and adequate for one night but for me I would not want to spend more time than that here.
4	If you're looking to stay close to the Strip but not pay the high end $$$ for the mainstream hotels, stay here.There's nothing special to The Carriage House, but there's certainly nothing wrong with it either.We stayed for one Saturday night and no issues. The room was clean, the hotel staff was helpful, there's a guard that keeps watch during the evening (which made me feel better about walking back alone) and it's surprisingly quite. You're off the strip so you're not going to hear the pimps calling for girls or the bachelors drunk on their 20th beer at 2AM. Don't expect comfortable pillows but do expect a room with 'room'. You get the picture.It's a quick 5-7 min walk to the strip. Highly recommend to save some money and not be stuck in a small Tropicana or New York, New York room that's just so not worth the money. Oh, and free WiFi.
3	We were in town for a convention, and the company put us up here for a few days.  Nothing special.  Great location though.  The Strip (close) and UNLV bars (a little further) are within walking distance.The room I stayed in was an efficiency.  It had a fridge and a two burner flat top stove.  The bathroom is decent.  The AC/heater is LOUD.  Good thing I was too drunk every night to be bothered by it.I wasn't really in the room too much to watch the TV, but it wasn't that great.  (I'm spoiled by my TV at home.)  The TV could be higher considering the pillows are so damn flat.  The pillows sucked, so you need to pile them up.  The elevator key system doesn't always work either, but then again, maybe it was because we were drunk.I guess I can't complain too much.  Others in our group were bitching about the lack of cleaning, but my cleaning people seemed to do okay.  The lobby staff is also helpful.  I didn't pay for the room, and I've certainly stayed in worse.
5	Not sure how drunk the negative reviewers were but I have been coming here 3-4 times per year and have had wonderful experiences. Friendly helpful staff, great location, comfortable beds and accommodations, reasonable pricing, free internet and calls, no resort fees, and on and on. Ck them on your next visit.
1	Awful unprofessional staff.  Very unhelpful and disrespectful workers.  I tried to get ahold of a manager to notify them but they are never available.  I had such a awful experience that I just left and I will never return.
5	Just stayed there for 4 days.  This place is wonderful.  Clean, comfortable and perfectly located.  No noise issues.  Able to take my kids swimming without a crowd at all, sometimes had pool to ourselves.  Fully stocked kitchen with all the dishes and pans.  My kids loved it.  We hope to go back real soon. Service all around is FABULOUS.  I see a few bad reviews and I from experience do not see how bad service was provided.  I called for service and within 3 minutes someone was at my door.  minor issue with my room safe. No funky odors.  Housekeeping available.  They offer trips to Grand Canyon and provide tons of information about transportation around town.  Very informative staff.  Everything was immaculate.  If i could give more stars I would
4	I really like this place. My uncle has a timeshare here, so when we come to town we stay here rather then one of the strip hotels. You are still right in the middle of everything, but if need be able to relax and unwind from the chaos of the rest of the casinos.
5	I found this gem four years ago. I love this hotel.  I love the location, the room amenities,  the parking situation and the price. The staff is nice,  the rooms are super clean and the pool is a good addition to have.
2	Grabbed a week here from Interval International over July 4th weekend, when everywhere else was booked.  They said this place was packed, but we never had trouble finding parking.  And all the parking spots are very close to the lobby door, so you never had to be in the sun very long (especially since it was 110 all week.)  The room was old and outdated, but clean.  The master bed was soft but okay, but the pull out couch was horrible - they really shouldn't advertise this as a 4-person room when the pull out couch looks like it's about to fall over and leaves spring marks in your back.  The A/C worked well in the front room, but we never felt any air in the bedroom.  Complimentary wifi was a nice touch, but only worked in one or two spots in the room - good luck finding them!  There was no deadbolt or chain on the door.  The shower was also a joke - we called it the impaler because it had 2 spray modes: one that was a jet blast of water, like you'd clean the seams in your driveway, and another that had 4 or 5 of those jet blasts.  Least relaxing shower EVER!  I hear they're performing a remodel, so maybe it'll be more updated soon.  Had my car battery die in the parking lot while we were here, so I asked the front desk for a jump.  It was close to "shift change", so no one was allowed to leave their desks (maintenance either - they have desks?) until shift change was completed.  Could be 30-60 minutes!  I found a fellow guest who helped me out, but not before I hung outside 15 minutes in the 110 degree heat.  It's okay - a local drug dealer who found some shade in front of the lobby chatted me up about how he just got off probation (I guess shift change made it impossible to chase off the local riff raff either - at least he was friendlier to me than the desk staff.)  We probably won't be back - too spoiled from our usual timeshare at Tahiti Village.
5	Went for Labor Day weekend... and it was a great place to stay. No crazy.. check-ins or check-outs.  Spacious room, kitchens had all we needed. Parking is close convenient.
5	Great location, affordable price and had a little snack store in the lobby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, it was clean and had a kitchen. Just a block away from the strip so it's perfect.
4	I stayed in the Carriage House when I was in Vegas for a week for my sister's wedding. She was able to let me use her timeshare points to book a suite here. Our room had a very nice sized living area, kitchen, bathroom, and a smaller room that barely fit a king size bed. That's okay because who sleeps in Vegas?! Everything was recently remodeled in the room and really was very nice! The building is directly across from the inside mall, and a block from the strip, MGM Grand, and MGM Signature. It was very convenient, especially since my sister was in the Signature and a friend was in MGM Grand. The building is secured at night, I believe after 10, so you need a card to access the interior and then also to operate the elevator. It was very safe and I didn't worry at all! At the hotter points in the day I would recommend just crossing the street and walking though the nice air conditioned mall to access the strip, instead of walking on the sidewalk. That sun really takes it out of you!
4	Our first stay here for Christmas with the family. Nice, clean 1 bedroom suite with kitchen. Sofa bed and large flat screen TVs with DVD players. Breakfast bar with two stools and a small table with two chairs. CVS in walking distance and short walk to The Strip. Miracle Mile entrance across the street. Currently being remodeled but not interrupting our stay. Great hospitality services and concierge too. Will stay here again!
4	Very friendly staff and good service. Concierge service with Pam was top notch. Location is great to reduce driving. The Strip is just a few minutes walk away. Miracle Mile Mall just across the street. Small kitchens, no oven. Microwave, fridge, dishwasher, and two electric burners for cooking. Building is being updated, but I got to peek into one of the newly redecorated rooms and I can't wait to come back for another stay! Be sure to have Pam book all your shows for you, she can get you great deals on tickets. Take Koval as a back road to avoid traffic on the strip. Drive thru Starbucks just a few minutes drive  down on Flamingo.
