5	Have to say they took great care of my wife while she was there for and after sergery Wendy in the womans center is great Brenda was also great and lots of others that I never saw made her stay a lot better. Thank you to every one
1	The worst hospital in the valley and more than likely in the country.The staff is careless and clueless, and that includes the doctors (who are likely contractors). After all the "necessary" tests let my mother in law go home with no recommendations and she died three days later due to the heart failure. My previous experience with this outfit was not pleasurable either. If your life and health means anything to you stay away from SVMC as far as possible.
5	I was on Vacation and I had to go to the ER for a scratch cornea... ouch!! Needles to say... I didn't want to check in.. but I was in sooo much pain and couldn't stand the bring desert sun.  So I force myself to go to an ER, a nice filipino cab driver told me the best ER is Spring Valley Hospital, I was a little sceptical since I used to work for an ER hospital in Seattle.  I didn't wait very long to be triage and to be seen by a very nice PA, I think her name was Becky.. couldn't remember since she treated me for my pain and send me home... Talk about fast track!!! She was AWESOME!! *** the only thing is I in the "eye room" the room I was in had blood on the floor... which was ok since I know house keeping gets busy sometimes, but they when I got my eyes back... I looked around and say 3 dirty towels on top of the garbage can with blood on it, I think the room was dirty and they forgot to clean it, because the EENT cart was still unlock, even though it said "this cart needs to be lock at all times"***  Thank gawd I wasn't working for OCEA or public health... other than that.. the PA, nurse and front desk was AWESOME!!!
4	My dad was admitted here last week for breathing problems and had to stay for about 4 days. The staff was really friendly. My dad said that if he ever has to go back to the hospital, he definitely wants to go to Spring Valley.The cafeteria was pretty small and didn't have much variety. However, the food they served my dad looked okay and he seemed to like it quite a bit.
2	My buddy needed to get checked out.  Sitting in the ER waiting room for over four hours gave me lots of time to observe.  Some of the lobby staff seemed to me to be, frankly, indifferent, to the patients that night.  I watched a woman who appeared to me to be one of the nurses walk right past an older woman slumped in a wheel chair who was in obvious significant discomfort if not distress and moaning without saying a word to her.  She did this at least twice.
1	Worst emergency room I have ever been to in my entire life!!  Forget the fact that I had to wait 3 hours before a nurse even appeared in the room, the care was awful!  Nor did they give any warning upon arriving that the wait was going to be that long...I have very thin veins making it hard to start an IV and one nurse actually got pissed at me as I was writhing in pain from her shoving the needle further regardless of my pain...  Said "fine, I have better things to do anyway," and stormed away...  Never in my life have I encountered anything as horrible as this emergency room... Go somewhere else... You're better driving further away for better care!
4	You know, I hate hospitals. I hate everything about them. The smell. The dimness. The whole concept of the reason a hospital exists. The desensitization of long-term employees. The "institutional" quality of the food.But the people on the third floor are really decent, caring people.I know visiting hours are posted, and posted for a reason, but it's a little hard to visit someone during posted visiting hours every day...and the third floor crew showed compassion when I broke the rules.Good parking.
1	This place is such a money grubbing scam. Avoid the emergency room at all costs. After just having moved to Vegas from NYC I was feeling very sick. Since I did not have a physician in las Vegas I went to the emergency room. I had been feeling poorly for about 16 weeks at the time and I was just getting worse and worse. I explained my condition to the triage nurse as I was unsure if an emergency room was the appropriate place to seek treatment. I explained to the nurse the length of my illness and that I  had off and on running fevers heart palpitations and migrating but consistent pain in my back neck legs and head. She assured me that their doctor could help me. I took her at her word, filled out some forms and was admitted to the examination area. A doctor came by and I had the exact same discussion with him that I had with the triage nurse. He said to me " listen pal I'm an ER doctor I treat heart attacks and gun shot victims" in short he refused to even attempt a diagnosis on my condition. No tests were run, no medicine administered, and no referral was given to a doctor who could help me. Then he just simply left. After 2 hours no one came back to even check up on me. So I simply left. What would you have done? Wait there all day for him to change his mind? Long story short they are now billing me. A bill which I will not pay. If a doctor refused to treat you would you pay? I took the time to prequalify the nurse to determine whether the doctor would help me based on my symptoms. She said of course he would. But then he haver attitude and refused to help me flat out. I disputed the bill and complained to their patient advocate/ risk manager for the hospital. He says I owe them for a level one emergency room visit and that I was assessed by an rn and an md. But yet. If I was assessed what was their conclusion? What was their diagnosis? They never even attempted to make one, do they can't possibly have one. This hospital is just a money making scam. If you do go there give a false address and do not give your SSN number. They don't care about your health. They just care about billing you even if they refuse you care. Beware. This place is a for profit scam. Medicine is not supposed to work like this. It took 3 more weeks before I was. Able to secure an appointment with a private practitioner. It turns out I had a severe case of mononucleosis as an adult at age 48. A simple blood test would have revealed this. Do not go this emergency room unless your very life depends on it. These people are horrible. And for the record I will not pay this bill. Ever.
3	This review is for 3.5 stars (had to knock off a point for no access to a live person on the 1st floor). Large parking lot, seemed busy inside. The signs inside helped somewhat (it was basic, but we needed more info), however, this place was empty. Luckily, my husband's uncle found us in the lobby. There wasn't a staff person in sight until we reached the second waiting room (mostly clean, but there was food crumbs and wrappers on one of the chairs even though there was a sign in front of the door stating "no food or drink beyond this point". The Information desk was in front, but there was a sign on the desk saying noone was available. (The gift shop was also closed.) Bathrooms were easy enough to find, two stalls only, in the ladies bathroom, and the one I used could've been cleaner, as there was a buildup of urine on the seat). Walking around was eerie as the hallways were very empty. The place looked clean and sterile, and the lobby waiting room (the 1st one we saw) was spacious and not-so-typical.    No matter how old or new a hospital is, they always smell the same! I must agree with Christopher G. on his first part of the review (plus, the last time we went to a hospital last year, my younger brother was in one, and sadly he passed away, so bad memories). We came here to visit my husband's Grandma, who had emergency surgery (which went well) this morning. She was in recovery and then moved up the the 3rd floor. As we went down the hallways, there were signs of life. We saw staff people, though most of them were busy, and didn't acknowledge us. The rooms were occupied with patients. There was a cleaning lady as well as a lunch cart being wheeled around. Once we were in the room, the staff nurses said hi to us. Jennifer and Teri were my husband's Grandma's nurses; they were nice. She had a private room with a bathroom. The room overlooked the rooftop of another building, though if you looked past it, you could see the Strip. The room had a Zenith tv placed high up on the wall. We visited with her for a short time, and wanted to let her rest. We also wanted to show her my growing belly (this will be her great-grand baby). Yes, it is a new hospital, and everything is fairly new, too. But, when you've never been here before, it would've helped to talk to a live person to lead us in the right direction (noone needs help on the weekends?). We would've been lost had we not run into another family member. The signs on the inside are not as well defined as they should be, maybe there should be some arrows.
1	DO NOT COME TO THIS HOSPITAL! My sister just recently had a panic attack at a concert and they managed to called the paramedics. Before paramedics came, security already calmed my sistet down. Right when paramedics picked my sister up, the paramedics were provoking my panicked sister, and laughing her. They talked to her in an unprofessional manner, talked to her rudely, made wrongful accusations towards her and made her condition worse. Since then, i lost ALL respect for workers working in the paramedic field. Do not go to this poor emergency room. They treat sickly people with no respect and care.
3	The people here are not the nicest of people....seems like they just wanted to get through the day
5	The labor and delivery nurses are fantastic! They take great care of mom, dad, and baby, and bring a wealth of experience and knowledge to the process. Very caring, helpful, comforting and compassionate. The labor and delivery nurses at Spring Valley deserve recognition for their oustanding service. That's definitely the place to go for L&D. Words cannot describe. Hats off to you nurses for a job well done!
2	If you are delivering here you most likely will have a c-section. Five of my girlfriends and I have all gotten c-sections from this hospital. I was 5 centimeters in and 5 hours into my labor when they decided I had been in labor too long. It just seems like the doctors just want to push you in and out and not give you any time or chance. This is the most important time for a mother. Please give her a chance. A lot of us dream of natural vaginal births. Nursing staff is great though. Both during labor and after. Everyone took good care of me and my son. Ashley was my labor nurse and she is probably one of the most professional people ever. So thankful she took care of me throughout my labor and delivery. I hope she is there for a very long time so she can help deliver my next baby. The nursery also is great and they were so caring and loving to my son. I just have a bitter taste due to these c-sections. Just wish doctors these days tried a little harder.
5	The doctor I had was super nice. Everything was perfect. I have been gone from this hospital for a few days now and they are still calling me to followup and check on how I'm doing. Everything was clean. I cant stress that enough. In a place where people are sick I fear germs the most. So I noticed how clean the place was. Every five mins they were in my room at my side. I kept on not breathing and I think I scared my nurse to death. I stop breathing say 22 times in one hour when Im sleeping so yeah my nurse was heaven sent. I had say 5 to 6 asma attacks and everyone was just the best. Very Professional! Very Helpful! I TRUST this hospital and all the staff.
5	I just delivered my son at this hospital. The best nursing/doctor staff I've been assisted by ever. They were very kind and patient thru out my 2 week stay :).
4	Just released after 2 nights in with blood clots in leg and lung. Echo other comments re attitude of staff, both in ER and 4th staff. Consistently friendly, caring, attentive and patient. They took great care of me and kept me informed of what was going on and why.
3	I will be delivering at this hospital in March 2014. I would not like a C-SECTION. I will advised them on arrival date if it make sense.
5	Great experience here cute smart nurses and an all around caring staff that made me feel comfortable and as in good spirits as I could be.
3	There's another hospital closer to me, but I've heard too many horror stories about that place, so I choose to come here even though it's a good 20-minute drive. I go here for routine visits, check-ups, etc. Why is it that every time I have a doctor's appointment, they take me in within 5 minutes, but I end up waiting in the room for 30 minutes or longer???Facilities are nice and clean. Staff is polite. I've been to the ER here on a previous visit and everything went without a hitch. HINT: (this applies to all ER's, not this one in particular), if you're injured and need to go to the ER, don't go during a shift change - sometimes they may forget to tell the next shift about you! That's only happened to me once at this ER.Recommendation: If coming here for an appointment, bring a good book or other form of entertainment, because you're gonna be waiting a loooooong time! My doctor said to blame it on Obamacare.Side note: in the event you are hospitalized and have to stay here, the hospital food isn't your only option. Jimmy John's is right accross the street, and they deliver!
1	Sitting in the ER with my mother, first thing we hear when my mother signs in is two nurses saying eff this and cursing up a storm. Real professional ladies!!! Next, while we are waiting there is a lady in excruciating pain and instead of tending to her, they have her sitting in a wheel chair moaning in pain. Worst place to be if you truly need help!
1	Let me start by saying that I've been to this ER 10 times, and have been admitted for a 3-5 day stay 8 times over the last 3 years. I have a chronic kidney condition that acts up every couple months and usually leaves me laid up for a week in excruciating pain.After my last 2 experiences, I will never come back to this ER EVER again, if I can help it.ER review: When I first came here after my surgeries, everyone was kind, attentive, and VERY good...getting IVs was fairly painless (for getting an IV).The second to last time I was in, I gave them my back story (chronic kidney pain, CANNOT do a CT, because I had a surgical clip left inside of me that looks like a kidney stone when a CT is done.  They have to do a renal scan).Two hours of pain later, the radiology guy comes back to give me a CT.  Ok fine...but can I get SOMETHING for the pain?  "We have to give you a non-narcotic."  Ok fine, I know my history makes me look like a drug seeker (which I'm not).  "Non-Narcotics trash my kidneys and make me ill.  Call my surgeon, Dr. _____.  I always get dilauded when I'm in here. 2 mg, with Zofran for the nausea."   "Well we can give you morphine""Can someone please look at my records?  I'm allergic.  Morphine makes me itch.  How about an asprin?  Something?  SOMETHING to take the edge off until you talk to a Doctor about getting me pain killers."So they finally get me something...and I get it, you have to weed out the seekers.  I've heard them before.  But after waiting two hours, not complaining at all, not ASKING for any painkillers till that point...plus they can look up my records.Nevermind the fact that it took 3 people to start my IV.  *sigh*Anyway, after all this, they give me a CT...and surprise!  "You have a stone."me: "No I don't, I have a surgical clip that was left inside me.  I told them this at admitting.  You have to do an ultrasound or a renal scan."So they finally do and guess what...ITS A CLIP, NOT A STONE!!  *sigh*Idiots.  Not all of us are clueless here.So they admit me.  Detailed hospital review to follow.  The LAST time I went to the ER, I was having chest pains. They took me right back for an EKG, which apparently was normal?  Because I sat in an empty waiting room for two hours before they brought me back for further examination.They said "Its not your heart.  Here, we're going to give you morphine and a nitro drip."me:  "um.  What?  Why am I getting morphine?  I'm allergic.""Well what do you usually get?"Me: "Dilauded...but I don't..."Them (cutting me off) "Well we don't give that for heart issues."Me: "Number 1, you JUST said it wasn't my heart.  Number two...I don't WANT a pain killer, I want to know what is wrong with me.  Number three, if it isn't my heart, WHY are you giving me a nitro drip?  No.  Sorry.  I'm going home."  Signed out AMA.  Not that I actually GOT any medical advice, but I figured if I was going to die, I wanted to do so in my own bed.   (turns out I was just REALLY stressed.)So...onto the Hospital stays.Again, when I first was admitted, everyone was awesome.  The last 2 times I was admitted was AWFUL.I had Nurses who gave me attitude, doctors prescribing blood thinner shots, and ANTIDEPRESSANTS (for a kidney issue.  Yeah...what sense does that make?)So...Whenever I'm admitted to the hospital, I'm on dilauded for 3-4 days.  The first 2 days, I ALWAYS get sick.  ALWAYS.  Even with Zofran for nausea.  I always throw up at least once.  The second to last time I was in, it was my first night.  I was in pain, miserable, and just got hit with a wave of nausea.  I tried to get out of bed to grab a bucket, trash can, get to the bathroom, anything, but I didn't make it, and I vomited on the floor next to my bed. So now, I'm in pain, miserable, nauseated, and embarrassed.  And the nurse gave me attitude about it.  Yes.  I vomited on the floor JUST to piss you off.The last time I was in, I had a similar experience, I was being wheeled up to my room, and was vomiting in a bucket (sometimes you just can't help it) and the nursing staff looked absolutely disgusted.This is your JOB.  To take care of people who are ill...if you have to look disgusted about a little vomit, at least walk away first.  Don't make us feel worse.I will NEVER come back here again, unless I am unconscious and have no choice.
1	I would give this hospital, and I use this term loosely, no stars if yelp would let me. The first ER doctor though busy did absolutely nothin for my grandmother. We had 2 very excellent nurses in Kathy and Ben, they helped keep us sane in all the chaos. The next ER doctor was at least helpful and followed through with what he said he was going to do. Our case manager Chris was also very helpful. This brings me to my biggest gripe. The Medical Records section. There is probably shady dealings going on in that section, if not highly illegal activities. They seem to think its okay to lie to family members about releasing the records, so the family doctor knows what's going.  We got 2 different prices per page for printing. Lied to about not having all the records. Told that the records were incomplete so they could not be released. Hell, even a doctor in Hawaii knows not to trust this records department. If there was ever an audit that needs to be done it needs to be that section. People should be fired for that if not criminally prosecuted!!!
1	Horrible hospital. Old building / facilities. Way long wait times in the ER. Way long wait times to get into a room. Literally several days wait to get a consult. They literally provide their patients a bell to ring (not a call button), which, of course, no one ever hears. A couple of very nice and awesome nurses here. But also a whole lot that are extra short and mean. Not a pleasant place to be.
1	Horrible experience is a nice way to put it. I waited for four hours to see a doctor because the irresponsible front desk lady, Maria, misplaced my file. I had to ask FOUR times when I was going to be seen, and finally someone decided to look for my file. All the while I had to listen to the lady that took insurance talk about her "baby daddy" and all other ridiculous conversations she was LOUDLY having. Never ever ever will I come here again
4	It only seems fitting that after spending the span of the first quarter of this year in and out of this facility, that it should be my first Yelp review in a hot minute.Well, ladies and gents, Spring Valley Hospital treated me well. My nurses were amazing. Kind, compassionate, and friendly. I cannot imagine I would be marking this review so highly without them! (Both Ericas in the ER, my nurses upstairs Kristi, Tiegan, Stacey, Heather, and a few others - names are escaping me). Entering through the ER on all three visits, I can say this ER was quick and efficient. Granted this was probably due to the fact I was arriving at odd times, I was face-to-face with a Doctor or PA within 30 minutes both times, but the longest I've waited was an hour and a half.Yeah, the food was horrible, I'm not writing a review SVHMC Cafe.The facility was clean, everyone followed sanitation rules, even when I had an infection that had me in isolation, everyone who came in had their plastic shields, gloves, and masks on. I never felt out of the loop or clueless as to what was going on.What was a really cool feature is that all the rooms have free premium movies (like stuff still in theaters or at red box), web cam so you can Skype (a similar type of program) with family and loved ones. Also, another perk, there are no such thing as "Vistor Hours." I had people coming all sorts of times and never had an issue getting in to see me.I hope my medical woes are behind, but in case life happens and throws me for another loop, you bet your sweet cheeks, I will be headed right back to Spring Valley Hospital. PROTIP: If your on the 4th floor (room 417 or higher), you will have stunning views of the strip. Like seriously, I miss that view.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! These people are rude and unprofessional! I was here 3 times in the ER for gallbladder issues and after 8-14 hours each time of waiting they told me it was gas. On the 4th time, I had to have gallbladder surgery the next morning which was only a few hours away. Their offices are NO BETTER. 5380 S.RAINBOW #306Dr. Dubin's office also has rude staff. I went here for the lipo-laser treatments from a Living Social deal and it is FAKE!!!! No results, nothing. They only gave me two out of the three treatments I paid for they only did the light and vibrations, they never gave me the wraps... Don't even bother going here, there is no real website, no clear name for this office and I never even met Dr. Dubin. I wish I could give negative stars!
4	You can do online check in BUT is a big BSNice stuff. Make sure you have few small bills for hot Coffe. Big parking lot.
3	So Momma took a fall at New York New York.  Got a couple nice goose-eggs on her knoggin and got to take a delightful ambulance ride to the Spring Valley Hospital Medical Center.  Ambulance ride was uneventful.  Got to the Emergency Department, was checked-in pretty quickly, and then the waiting began.  Four-and-a-half hours of waiting.Initially, things started off as I expected (after all, I'm an ER Nurse).  Doc came in and did his initial exam.  So they did the routine stuff, you know...bloodwork, CT scan and other x-ray studies.  After that...we never saw the doctor again, well I did...sitting firmly glued to his computer screen the two or three times I passed him on the way to the restroom.I didn't get the Doc's name, so I'll just call him "Baby Blue Doc" (after the derogitory term used in the early to mid 20th century for a "failed Marine Corps Recruit"...someone sent home under other than honorable conditions after failing to complete boot camp) for the color of his scrubs.  Now, I work at a military ER.  Moving the meat (seeing, treating and dispositioning your patients) is important, but it's even more important at a "for profit" facility because the more patients you see, the more money you make...doesn't take a rocket scientist.  I know how long it takes to get results back for bloodwork and other ancillary studies, and our visit could have been almost cut in half, so I don't know what the hold-up was.The rest of the staff were very friendly and did what they could to work things along.  I felt sorry for them because in the time we were there, they had to have gotten about twenty ambulances in all carrying the cream of the crop of Vegas' nightlife and every one of them was vomiting, some had spit hoods on and some were even restrained to their gurneys.  I don't know what Baby Blue Doc was doing, but his staff was working pretty hard, so kudo's to them.  I guess that's the price you pay for living in "Sin City"...LOL.So...all in all, it was an okay visit.  Facility was clean, staff was friendly and accomodating.  Just need to kick the doc in the hind-quarters and make him work for his money...
1	This hospital is the worst place that I have ever been for medical care. Let me start by saying that the actual RN's are very nice and caring however the hospital and staff prefers to give a student nurse and one that is still in training at that. Upon our arrival at the ER the front check in was horrible,  rude, and acted as if they hated their jobs.  Then a Dr. Came to see us in the waiting room never checked my vitals or anything else simply laughed and stated it was probably food poisoning.  3 hours later we were shoved in a hallway in the ER were we were told we needed an X ray of the chest. Umm we were here for severe vomiting,  diarrhea,  and dehydration.  Finally a nurse came and gave an IV she was very nice but hardly ever available.  After 14 hrs a doctor seen us and we were admitted.  But another 4 hours later were taken upstairs to an "overflow" area because no beds were available I was told I would be in a cubicle ha... I was placed in a empty storage facility room with another sick person and that's were I was left. The story doesn't end here. Nothing but Pima medical students and Everest students came in. They had to do 3 IV's because they didn't no what they were doing!  Finally my daughter arrived and stated I would no longer be a test rat for these medical assistant anymore. I was finally given an RN and still never seen a doctor until 8 hours later.
1	Really can't even give them a 1.. A few good nurses understaffed!!! Meds denied by pharmacy and never given on time not to mention some nurses rude and unprofessional!!! Unfortunately only hospital my mother's doctor contracted out of!!!!
3	I checked in yesterday to this hospital. Now the staff are kind to u. But the doctor misread my test had me their almost 6 hours. Altho he came clean & told me I don't have holes in my heart like he misread...6 hours are gone from my life that I can never get back. Time that was wasted because of his misdiagnosed test. He told my family & myself he did not know why I passed out at the nail shop yesterday and that I could return home. I got no prescriptions from the doctor no nothing. So I struggle with how many stars to give. One star for them being nice. One star for being able to tell the truth. One star for the hospital being clean. Will I return? I just don't know.
1	You hear it now and then, from either the media or some well informed friend,  "that the medical industry is just a business". This place unfortunately proved that for me and my family. The details aren't worth mentioning but I'm glad it's over. Against doctors advice we checked my father out of this hospital, it saved his life. Told the story to our doctors back home and they were astonished. Money seems to be the main motivation here at this hospital. If you got little no no insurance expect poor care. If you got good insurance I'm sure they'll be begging you to stay.  It's true the ER is a mess. Before my father was transferred here from mesquite Nevada, the head nurse discouraged out decision to take him here, and now I know why. You don't have to take my word, but hopefully if you come to this hospital, you'll have a better experience than we did.
5	My elderly parents live in Las Vegas.  They are 84 years old.  Recently, due to a serious illness my father was admitted and treated at Spring Valley Hospital for pneumonia.  From the moment he was admitted to the ER, then subsequently transferred to the hospitals Critical Care Unit on the 2nd floor he received nothing but the best treatment, care and consideration. The doctors and nurses were exceptional.  We were even offered a bed to sleep in so that my sybillings and I could stay the night with him. He was admitted 4 more times over the last few months.  This was due to failing health. Not due to negligence or early discharge or follow up care.  My mother is now in the rehab unit because she had to have a knee replacement.  Yet again we had the pleasure of the staff and same treatment my father received.  I would hightly recommend Spring Valley Hospital.  Also while talking with other professionals about Spring Valley Hospital all noted that the staff is very happy there and many have often spent  many years employed by the hospital. It is also a very clean hospital.
1	I was taken in after drinking too much. I felt that I was being ridiculed by the paramedics.  I honestly felt like I just wanted to die and even asked the paramedics if I was. I know I was intoxicated but still, I felt terrible. Then I overheard the paramedics literally saying "best line of the night!" After asking them if I was going to die. They were completely rude and making snide comments. I did not feel like I was in caring hands. I felt that they were mocking me, and I honestly wanted to leave. Not only that, my arm is now bruised from where they injected my IV. I understand that they see people coming in all the time for drinking too much, but even then, it's so unprofessional and hurtful to hear the things I heard. Especially since they were discussing all of this right in front of me.
4	I have been to Spring valley Hospital several times and each time was a great experience. I had to go to the emergency room each time. There I received prompt and caring help. Up in my room, when admitted, the care was warm and compassionate.
5	Listen when people are coming to the ER it's  generally not in the best circumstances.  The triage nurses were so nice and comforting.  I checked in online and was triaged within 10 min of my scheduled time. My food poisoning wasn't more urgent than a woman starting labor so I waited but not that long and the waiting area was clean and comfortable. I will definitely choose spring valley again if needed.
1	Very poor housekeeping
5	I was at spring valley hospital last October 21, on a schedule c-section.  My experience was the best ever, the procedure was really fast dr Casas and dr Foster do their best job. My two days stay in the hospital were the happiest days,  having my baby in my arms and healthy, going together with the good work of all the nurse's... made my day. .. I totally recommend this hospital for me it's the best one in Nevada.
4	Went to the ER after broke my foot on Thanksgiving Day while on vacation. This place was referred by a sports massage therapist at my hotel on The Strip - it's further away than other hospitals but still accessible by a 15 minute cab ride. I processed, saw a doctor and got X-rays within 15 minutes of my arrival. It was relatively quiet when I arrived so that could explain why it went so efficiently. Everyone was polite and helpful. Pretty good experience overall.
5	I live an easy 5 minute car ride from spring valley hospital, and unfortunately have had to visit the ER on a few occasions. Most recently this week when my kidney decided to revolt against me in the early morning. I drove myself to the ER, and upon arrival was greeted by a nice nurse who asked if I needed any help. I explained that I was passing a kidney stone, and she immediately signed me in, took my weight and vitals and had an IV in me within 10 minutes. The doctor came in, ordered some tests and pain medicine and I waited for a bed to open up. It was very busy, and the ER was full so I was being helped in the waiting room. About 20 minutes after arriving I went for a CT scan that showed I had 2 stones. They prescribed some medicine and sent me in my way. While waiting some druggies decided to come in and beat up on the staff, but they never missed a beat. They were all professional and courteous. I can't say enough about the quality care I've received here.  If I ever have an emergency I won't hesitate to return.
1	It s midnight and my daughter is suppose to be admitted.  This is all bad, I have to watch This stupid monitor that keeps beeping. Now they put her in a room with no tv and a machine that won't stop beeping.  This is driving us nuts! Wth are they thinking my daughter had 5 seizures since we've been here. Im so freaken annoyed!!! This place is the worst! I am so losing my patience. No wonder all these patients are so angry. It's worst than the county.
3	I had my 2nd total knee replacement surgery at Spring Valley Hosp. this week.  Surgery went very well, care was great (sweet, caring nurses), terrible food and a totally lame case manager who handled my release or lack thereof.  I was discharged around 6 pm but did not receive my anti-coagulant injections that I must take for 21 days post op (I only received 18 days supply) until 26 hours later due a processing error, the Family Services staff who provides in-home nursing care knew nothing of orders to execute my care plan.  I had to call them the following day & they worked very hard to get my care started.  I finally saw a nurse at home 2 days later.  An order for a CPM machine was never received by Preferred Home Care from the hospital.  I finally got a CPM machine nearly 4 days later.  CPM should have been seamless from hospital to home.  I lost four critical days of rehab due the incompetence of the case manager, Phillamina.  Yes, I'm naming you because you do not deserve to be paid for "processing" my discharge.  People were inconvenienced at Family Services, Preferred Home Care & most of all ME!  My successful recovery was compromised & I will have to work doubly hard to get back flexibility lost from not having any sort of PT for 4 days!  To anyone reading this: always follow up on your own, never take the word of a case mgr. that all has been done, be your own advocate where all medical matters are concerned.  If you are too ill have a friend or family member look out for you.  People make mistakes every day, even at hospitals.
2	I'm so torn on this review.I came out here on 12/30 with my fella for his thumb that he sprained while playing with the dog, and as packed as they were, they had us in and out in a pretty reasonable amount of time.I came back in on 1/6 at 4:45 am for kidney pain and pressure.They got me checked in and registered within the hour.  By 6:30, I'd seen the doctor and had IV painkillers, fluids, and a CT scan.The nurse who gave me the painkiller cocktail was super nice, and Dr. Han was great.  The CT tech was awesome too, he made me laugh.And then they forgot about me until nearly 9:00am.  They put me back along the back wall with the "drug seeking" cases, people who were complaining that they needed dilauded after the doctor said no, people who were pitching fits, vomiting, and so on through their withdrawal symptoms...I didn't belong back there, AND they wouldn't let me go sit out in the regular waiting room with my IV fluids...even though I'd seen others out there with bags. When they finally saw me, the doctor was concerned and wanted to Admit me for my kidney problems, but I signed out AMA, needing to do a follow up with a urologist... when they gave me my prescriptions, they had prescribed a painkiller that there is apparently a national shortage of, and I had to call 3 different pharmacies to find it, and they didn't even take my insurance.  Why would the ER knowingly prescribe me something that THEY KNOW there is a shortage of?   They warned me about the shortage, why wouldn't they just give me something else?  I'd had a bad experience here before, and this was better, but it still was not as good as it could have been.  Hopefully I won't need to come back here any time soon...
