5	Pizza lounge has the coolest vibe...... The restaurant is beautiful the music is funky and the food and service.....AMAZING!
5	The newest addition to the Tivoli Village is welcoming and delicious. There is a wide selection of artisanal (california-style) pizzas. They even have a gluten free crust option that pleased a member in our party. The bar is set up with craft beers and great priced wine, I also noticed some sake cocktails on the menu. The bartenders & servers are very friendly & knowledgable. We couldn't decide on one type of brew so they suggested to try the sampler. So nice and a great way to sample some great beers! The menu will definitely please every member of the family. The chipotle shrimp pizza, a-must-try! The staff is friendly and the ambiance is chic. It's a great spot for groups with the communal table in the center of the place that let's you see all the cooking action right in front of you! I love the farmers' market on Saturdays there and can easily see this place becoming my new favorite spot! Yeay for Tivoli! Welcome for Pizza Lounge!
5	We have been to the Pizza Lounge twice. First time I shared the pepperoni pizza with extra garlic and a Chinese chicken salad with my wife. Both had awesome flavor that really popped. So good we could have almost eaten another round of each. They know how to season food here! For dessert we shared the chocolate mouse cake with vanilla ice cream. Great rich dessert. Coffee was good too, tastes like Italian roast.  Second time we had a grilled veggie sandwich with sweet potato fries and a grilled chicken sandwich with goat cheese and regular fries. Everything tasted fresh and flavors again were right on the money. Manager, servers, and hostess were all friendly and helpful. Atmosphere is hip, seating is comfortable, funky club music plays in the background. Loved the big screen TV with nature scenes giving me something to look at besides the wall. Highly recommended.
3	Environment - Sleek chic with a comfortable undertone.  Great music playing at the right level, perfect lighting, comfy and tactically agreeable spacing and seating .Service - Jarrett was our server and he was fantastic.  Extremely personable, knowledgeable and really in sync with the menu and the establishment.   Especially astonishing given the fact that this place has been open for less than two weeks.  Food - One large pizza, half Grilled Chicken Farm Goat and half Cheese Basil Chicken Sausage.  Soggy crust, bland sauce and unremarkable.Drink - A port wine and almond soda concoction, the name escapes me (as I think I intentionally erased it from my memory) that tasted vaguely like a Hi-C drink.Being a native of both New York City & Boston I check my finicky East Coast pizza munching history at the door when I know I'm about to order a West Coast Artisan Pizza.  But even by those standards the pizza was a fail.  Unfortunately we weren't hungry enough to order some of the things Jarrett suggested and the salads & wings (from afar) looked great.  My drink choice was also a fail, especially considering how many wonderful craft beers I had to choose from.Pizza Lounge is supposed to start a Happy Hour next week and I'll be back there when they do.  I need to sample more of what they have and find a taste bud pop since everything else was so great.
5	I was really surprised about this place. The decor is very chic and the food was awesome. The wine was even better. We had several appetizers which were very nicely done. I thought the flavors were awesome. I'm from the East Coast and I loved the pizza. I would recommend this place for anyone who is looking to have a nice night out.
5	Pizza Lounge is by far one of the best pizza places I have ever been to! Their crust is phenomenal - light and crispy! I am also in love with their decor and the overall atmosphere! Dark hardwood floors, fun chandeliers, and an excellent bar. Service was also friendly and very attentive! I would definitely bring friends here. Overall, this restaurant is a great choice for pizza. Don't forget to try their lobster mac & cheese - best mac & cheese I have ever had, hands down!  :)
5	Pizza Lounge has been open about a month and I  have already dined there four or five times - it is that good. I higgghhlyyy recommend the chipotle shrimp pizza and pear and Gorgonzola salad. Delicious. My son is gluten free - and the gf crust is fantastic. He loves it. I'm a wine snob - and for a pizza joint their wine selections by the glass put me in a happy place. It truly is the perfect spot for my family to dine.Thank you, Pizza Lounge!!
4	Some friends and I decided to try this spot out on a whim on a Saturday. Surprisingly they weren't very busy for it being the weekend. We were greeted right away by the hostess who was really friendly. She was more than patient with us while we were trying to round up the other half of our party, who was too busy with the balloon animal guy. We ended up outside, the weather was gorgeous. My friend and I sat and right away our server came over to offer us drinks while we waited for the others. His name was Zack, he was very attentive and knew the menu well. We finally had everyone sitting at the table and we ordered a personal pepperoni pizza for the baby, while we all decided what we wanted. The pizza came and there was an issue with it, the server immediately came over and handled it. We didn't send it back because it wasn't that big of a deal, however the manager came over and said he did take it off the bill and was very apologetic.We ordered a BBQ Chicken Salad, the medium Garlic Chicken and Feta Pizza  and the Pepperoni Breadsticks as an appetizer. It was more than enough food for the four of us. We ended up having salad and 4 pieces of pizza left over. The salad had the perfect amount of dressing, the pizza wasn't doused with cheese and sauce like most places and the Pepperoni Breadsticks were AMAZING. Everything we had was delicious, there wasn't one thing that I would have changed about any of the food. Aside from the small issue we had in the beginning, it was a good experience both food and service wise, I will definitely be going back.
5	I've been to Pizza Lounge twice since it opened and I am so  thrilled to have such a great restaurant so close to where we live.  The pizza is outstanding with its delicious thin crust and the salads are fresh and delicious.  My kids love the lobster mac n cheese!  The atmosphere is so much better than Dom DeMarcos!!  I love the wine selection as well!  I can't wait to go back!!
3	We went to Pizza Lounge at 645 on a Sunday night, not too busy.  We were seated immediately and had to wait 15-20 minutes before anyone came to take our order.  Once the food finally arrived they gave me the wrong salad and we had to send it back. Once the check came we were charged an extra 20$ for food we didn't even purchase.  We were there almost 2 hours and they were not busy! So horrible service and I am disappointed the manager didn't throw in a free dessert or something, the worst service I have ever experienced!But the food was delicious, so my 2.5 stars rounds up to 3 because of the food!
3	A little hidden place in the back of the Tivoli Village that was surprisingly good. I'm not the biggest pizza fan but it was yummy.  we ordered 2 medium pizzas and a salad for 5 people and it was too much! we had left over!pizzas:chicken, peach, Gorgonzola pizza- this by far was the table winner. recommended by the waitress, this pizza was so RICH and SAVORY it didn't compare to the rest of the pizzas. don't get me wrong the other ones were good, but this one outshines it by the savoriness. WOULD DEF RECOMMEND TRYINGthree mushroom pizza- portabella, shitake, and porcini mushrooms with garlic and mozzarella. not exciting. the least favorite  out of all the pizzas. there wasn't enough sauce or flavor in this pizza.chicken pesto pizza- grilled chicken, mushrooms, onions, sun dried tomatoes, herbs in a pesto sauce. i would say this one was forgettable. I've tired other pesto pizzas that were way more flavorful. this one was OKAY. Pros: offers flat/ sparkling water. allows half and half pizza toppings. outdoor seating. Cons: bathrooms are way on the outside. some of the pizzas lack the bang of flavor. sauce is very light.
4	Hey, I like this place!!Food is solid.  They have some weird sounding pizzas here, but they are delicious.  My favorites so far are the peach and gorgonzola pizza and the chipotle shrimp pizza.  The pizzas are fresh and made with quality ingredients.  The chipotle shrimp pizza had HUGE shrimp on it, not tiny litle bay shrimp.  That impressed me.I think they're still ironing out some kinks.  They have a nice happy hour going for them, but when we ordered some things from it, the waitress had to come back twice to tell us she had given us wrong information about prices/selection.  No biggie to me, but it was just a bit disorganized and frazzled and I thought, "FIX THIS!!"It's tiny inside, but they have a lot of patio seating (always a PLUS in my book).  I'll be a frequent pizza eater and beer drinker here.
4	Great place for a date.  Place had live music playing (dude was pretty good), had a great time and my date loved her chipotle shrimp pizza.  $7 beers can hit the wallet, but for quick and good pizza dinner this is a good place to go to.  Paul, the manager there, made sure we were well taken cared of.  Really ended up liking this joint.  Will come back again!
4	This place is in my back yard so I decided to try it out for lunch. I'm worried because there was no one in this place. I got the BBQ chicken pizza but waitied surprisingly long for such a empty place. The pizza was very good and there where some other pizzas I want to try, I really hope people come to check this place out.
4	Great atmosphere and the food was fresh and delicious.  Fit for foodies!
1	Waited at bar almost 15' and no one came by to ask for any drinks or even to say hello.  Asked one of the staff "do we have a server we've been waiting for awhile?" and his response with the bar half full was "uh ya but she's busy" and still no one came by.  We walked out enough said.
3	You would think that any restaurant that has the word "pizza" in its name would make a great pie, right? That's not the case here. It was average at best and I can think of at least five places off the top of my head that make a better one. Pizzas come in three different sizes: personal, 14", and 18". My kid and I tried a classic cheese pizza and a chicken pesto pizza. The personal size is a narrow and elongated flatbread shape. The cheese pizza wasn't bad, but the crust was just too thick. The chicken pesto had the same type of crust and was surprisingly bland considering all the toppings on it.We also tried the gorgonzola and fig flatbread appetizer. The delicate and crispy crust was similar to a cracker crust. Topped with plenty of gorgonzola and fig, it made for a delicious app that was plenty big to share.The flourless chocolate cake ended our meal. The dense cake had a raspberry spread between the cake and the icing/topping. It was another dish meant to be shared as its richness was too much for me to finish on my own.They've got plenty of items on their menu so I'm sure I'll be back to try some. But chances are I'll skip the pizza.
3	The Pizza Lounge is a nice addition to Tivoli Village. Unless you where it is you may miss it.  It's not on the main street. Look for the sign on the corner by Brio. Nice Happy Hour choices for small bites that will fill you up. Try the Meat balls with mashed potatoes. Also the Flat Bread Caprese. The beers and wines are priced nicely during happy hour. Indoor and outdoor seating. Could use some fans outdoors. The inside dining area is comfortable and brightly lit. Nice upscale decor. They were not very busy on our week day visit between 5 & 6 PM. Service was friendly and prompt. Wait staff was attentive throughout.
3	I visited the Pizza Lounge in April for a co-workers birthday lunch.  I thought it was really good, so much so that I told my wife I would take her.We decided to go there last night, 6/22/2013 for dinner before our movie.  I ordered a glass of wine and she ordered a sparkling sangria (not on the menu but they were happy to make it for her).  I received my wine and the glass was filthy.  There were several chunks of hardened food, inside and outside of the glass.  I showed the glass to the waitress, and she agreed that it was bad and took it back (I did not even have to ask; I cannot remember the last time I sent something back to the preparers).  I watched as she told the bartender.  She walked away and when the sidebar was clear of the wait staff, the bartender looked at the glass, and then just poured the wine into a new glass.Really?  If it was one little spot on the outside of the glass, I could maybe see doing that at my house to my own glass, but never a guests (I would be mortified if I served in a dirty glass).  But give me a break.  That glass was filthy and you just pour the wine into a new glass?  Thanks but I really do not want to get sick.The waitress picked up the wine, and brought it over.  I told her what happened and that I wanted the check for the drinks, we were going to leave.  She apologized, asked me to hold on and went right to the manager.  She spoke with him and she came back and apoligized again.  They did not charge us for the drinks.  We left and the manager caught up to us outside and apologized again.I beleive the watiress and manager did everything they could, but I had no confidence in anything coming from that bar, and honestly, I could not even eat there even though I did not experience a problem with the product from the kitchen.  It just creeped us both out.The owner contacted me on Sunday June 24th and apologized.I am going to give the Pizza Lounge another chance in the near future; the owner, manager, and waitress all demonstrated that they care which I appreciate.
5	What a great place to have innovative Pizza and other delicious dishes. Always great tasting food, fantastic atmosphere, and wonderful service!It's a regular go to restaurant any day of the week.So glad it's in the Summerlin at Tivoli Village!
5	A friend and I went after lunch rush and before happy hour. Service was great, even in off hours. The Brie and fig flatbread was amazing. Surprisingly generous amount of lobster in Mac & cheese as well. The waitress successfully helped us choose beers, there were many choices of microbrews we hadn't had before. The ambience is great, beautiful tables. Wasn't sure if a place named pizza lounge would be good, but it was great. Classy, but fun.   We are looking forward to coming back.
5	We love this place! The pizza is excellent and creative- I think it's the best pizza in town! i have also tried several salads and they are great also! The vibe is cool and loungy but still a great family restaurant. PL is now one of our local favorites!
5	I love the atmosphere of this place. I ordered several fig and brie flatbread appetizers to take to a party and they were a HUGE hit!! while waiting for them to finish baking, I sat and talked with the bartender and other staff who were all very friendly and helpful.  Will be coming back with my family for dinner and then booked our next book club dinner get together here as well.  If you are in the area on a Monday, they actually have live music.  So thankful this is close to my home in Summerlin.
5	I love this place!  It's chic and intimate with great energy and charm.  The food and service is always incredible!  The coconut shrimp pizza is ridiculously good...and dont get me started on the wings....so amazing!!  They also have a great selection of wines and beer for anyone.  Their happy hour prices are really affordable as well.  Everyone should try out this place--you will fall in love!!!
5	Its a place my entire family LOVES! Everything on the menu is AMAZING!  The chocolate pizza at the end is a must.  The people there are fantastic, and accommodating.  The Vibe is great! Clean environment, everyone working there looks happy to be there. I'm really excited for the park to open right by it.  My kids can play, while we have a wonderful meal!!!  We eat there at least once a week.  At first, I thought it would be hard to get to, but not AT ALL!  We just park right below and its right there!
5	I like coming here for happy hour. The beer and wine selection is good and the manager is always happy to discuss the beers or wines. The pizza samplers during happy hour are a great idea and they rotate through different pizzas so that customers can sample their wares.Service and atmosphere is excellent. The bartenders that I have met (Kelsey, Jonathan and Margie) are friendly and knowledgeable about everything that they sell.Highly recommend this place and it should only get better as Tivoli expands and brings more foot traffic past their doors.
5	This place has some of the best pizza I have ever had, particularly as it relates to boutique pizza.  The shrimp chipotle pizza is awesome, picing is affordable, and the wait staff and bar staff are all super friendly and helpful.  Biggest inconvenience is that due to never-ending construction, you have to walk waaaay far around to get to the bathrooms.  Not that big of a deal but is what it is and clearly is a temporary setup. Don't be fooled by the name, this isn't exactly a jeans and t-shirt kinda place...
1	This place came on a recommendation. It was my wife's birthday and we brought our kids and sat outside. There is a children's play area adjacent to the Pizza Lounge for our grandkids. We happen to show up on a night where the place (an obvious KPC rip-off) was operating with ONE server for the whole establishment. That is not the servers fault however our table and the surrounding table were very dissatisfied with the experience. What the main issue is with MGR. Ken who eventually offered to make up for our displeasure by eating the bill and offering my wife a piece if chocolate cake and ice cream. However, Ken was seen sitting the entire time talking and focussed on his cell phone as the employee was spinning their wheels as best possible. "KEN, YOU HAD A SERVER CALL IN, GET UP OFF YOU *SS AND HELP OUT!" I know a little about the food business and guest service...do the right thing as it reflects on the owners investment! We did take time to appreciate the servers best effort but we won't be returning to that establishment regardless of the quality of the food.
1	Went here last night with a girl friend before going to see Zarkana at the Aria.We had about an hour for dinner so we looked at the menu while waiting to be seated. Once we were seated it took our waitress a while to come over. She said sorry and took our order. Food and drinks. We split the Caesar Salad and Meatball Pizza.The salad was barely okay. Tasted like store bought dressing. The lettuce wasn't chopped very well either. If you're looking for a great Caesar, go to Dom Demarcos or Vintner Grill. The pizza took FOREVER to come out. About 40 minutes. Our waitress kept telling us "just a few more minutes" every time she came to the table. Finally she came by and told us it would be "four more minutes" so we told her we actually needed to go soon so if she could bring a box out with it and the check that would be great. She got all panicky and told us if we were in a rush we should have told her and that the pizza oven was really backed up. We told her we weren't in a rush, but we didn't think it would take 40 minutes to get our pizza. And every time she came to our table she was apologizing and telling us we should have told her we were in a rush. It was kind of weird. Almost like she was blaming us for the slow service. The manager ended up bringing out our bill and apologized for the wait. He paid half of it and said he hoped we would come back. We would have if the pizza wasn't so horrible...The crust wasn't very good. A little too thick for my taste. The sauce was really sweet. It tasted like it came right out of a jar. The meatballs had to have been store-bought, frozen meatballs. Everything about the pizza was just bad. It tasted fake almost. It was so weird. We had high hopes, but unfortunately, Pizza Lounge didn't deliver. My friend said she would have rather had a Red Baron Pepperoni Pizza from the freezer section and I couldn't agree more. The place has a great atmosphere and really nice staff. But at the end of the day, it's about the food. And this place definitely fell short.
4	Love the beer selection, on happy hour you get an amazing deal. The salads are HUGE, my husband loves the wings and pizza. We go here a few times a month and are never disappointed. Typically we sit at the bar, service is pretty good. Dogs allowed on the patio!!
5	This is the best pizza place I have ever been to, and definitely the best pizza I have had in Las Vegas! The Chipotle Shrimp Pizza is absolutely to die for. The decor inside of the restaurant is pleasant and decorated very nicely. This is my new favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!! I will be eating here often.
2	I had a great first experience at the Pizza Lounge. I believe our waiter was Joseph who was really personable and provided great service. The food was also very good we had the pizza ($18.95) which was delicious. The garlic bread stix ($8.95) were tasty. We also had the dessert Apple crisp ($5.95) which was yummy! I couldn't wait to go back! We tried to come here again but this time the service was so awful we didn't even get seated. We were waiting to be seated for about 10 min. We were completely ignored even though there was a waitress a few feet from us. She was joking with the people at the table she was serving . She made eye contact with us but said nothing. A simple "Hi I will be right with you". Would have been good enough to keep us there. We waited a little bit more but it was getting awkward to be ignored for that long. I could understand if it was busy but the place only had one big full table and a table with 4 people seated. We walked out and a worker was walking out with us to get something . He didn't acknowledge us either. We went to Hops and Harvest instead. Even though Hops and Harvest was very busy their customer service skills were never lacking.
5	Can you feel the love tonight.  This place is amazing.  Best pizza in town, the PRICE is what blew me away in my opinion. We had 7 people, for $63 that included 2 large pizzas and one personal pizza.  also 3 drinks i think.  you may have to wait so i would call and make reservations especially on a friday or saturday night.
4	My wife and I finally got a chance to check this place out. Tivoli village has really grown up a lot, and when phase 2 releases later this year/early next year, I think it will be even more popular with locals. Pizza Lounge has happy hour from 4-7pm. Most happy hours end at 6 around town, so the extra hour until 7 is nice. We split a California pepperoni and sun dried tomato goat cheese pizza. I paired mine with a Deschutes IPA and my wife had a great Pinto Gris. The pizzas come in a rounded rectangle shape. The crust was thinner, which we like and the sauce was really tasty. Especially the plumb red sauce. The goat cheese pizza had a white sauce which was pretty great too. Overall it wasn't the best pizza I've had in my life, but it's one of the better ones in Vegas for sure. Especially with the atmosphere of Tivoli. We'll be back! :)
4	I like this place.  It's very good pizza and salads, but not a pizza joint.  It's a moderately priced pizza restaurant.  Don't expect to get a quick slice in here.  When you come here, plan to spend a few minutes reading the menu, as it's long and detailed.  I'm a huge fan of the Veggie Delight (hold the mushrooms), and have ordered it a bunch of times.  The ingredients are fresh and high quality and they don't overcook the vegetables, so they still taste like vegetables.  Also, this is right next to the newly renovated playground at Tivoli Village, so it's very convenient to let the kids go play while the food is being prepared.  Be warned, when you make your kids wash their hands, the bathrooms are outside the restaurant (close to the playground.
5	The Pizza Lounge in Tivoli Village is an awesome place to eat. I would call it gourmet pizza that won't break the bank. Their wine and beer selections are excellent. The service is quite good as well. If you're looking for a great pizza for lunch and/or dinner and want to snaz up the experience a bit, stop by the Pizza Lounge in Summerlin.
3	It's a great modern warm feel. Our waitress was friendly and helpful, knowing the menu and drinks. We first order the calamari and garlic bread. That was very yummy- but the calamari unfortunately not very good, pretty rubbery and the breading was blend. Too expensive for it being average. We got a BBQ pizza - pretty good. Also got the pear and Gorgonzola pizza that was really good! Their prices are reasonable and foods good. Waitress lagged at the end but overall not bad !
1	WOW!  We waited 45 minutes with kids and still no PIZZA!!!Everyone left upset and hungry.Don't even get their humus!  Its like they put garbanzo beans into a blender with distilled water.  No seasoning.WOW!  How can you screw up making pizza when it takes the most 18 minutes to make!Service was bad as well.
4	Pretty good place for pizza with a two-year old.  I ordered, waited for the food and watched the game while my wife played with baby on the adjacent playground.  The pizza (basil chicken and sausage) was pretty good and the service was fine.   And unexpectedly, the coffee was great.
4	This is delicious!  It is dessert pizza.  Too much for 2 people after the wonderful medium sized pairing of the pear/gorgonzola pizza and the chicken/feta pizza.  Tuesday is 1/2 priced wine night - the wine we had, a Malbac, was perfect.
2	It took forever to get our food.  I ordered a salad.  Everyone else ordered a pizza.  They got and finished their pizzas before I even got my salad.  The waiter did not offer to comp anything.  Service was slow.  We even joked that the reason we didn't see our waiter was because he must be in the back cooking--that would explain everything.
1	Horrendous service! My mother and I traveled specifically to try out this restaurant. It's Sunday night, barely half the restaurant seated. We waited almost 6 minutes at the hostess stand before anyone greeted nor seated us. Then they seat my 85 y.o. mother and myself on super high chairs at the bar. We waited another 10 minutes, no acknowledgment, no greeting, no server on sight so we left & walked out. We'll never come back to that less than stellar establishment. I wish there was arating for "negative" stars...as that's what this place deserves!
2	food is good but service horrible! slow, inattentive and wasn't even busy when we went only had 2 other tables. ALso tried to call for take out and was on hold for a long time so gave up.
3	Pizza was super dry we got pesto chicken pizza but more over the service was nothing to write home about
5	Let me count the reasons to be happy about the Pizza Lounge happy hour - 7 days a week, 4p-7p, $2 off beer/wine, $5-6 appetizer choices.  They're located in the former Radio City Pizza spot at Tivoli, which is still the same tiny layout, but they gave it a nice makeover with chandeliers and lcd screens displaying a fire burning in a fireplace.  It's still the same small area, but much more inviting with nicer decor and better food/drinks.  I've been twice now for hh, and everything on the hh menu is a great value and delicious!  My personal favorite is the mini pizza duo.  The pizza flavors change daily depending on the specials of the day.  The last time we visited, one was a chipotle shrimp and the other was a caprese. When I first arrived at 4, the place was sparsely populated, but by 6:30 it was packed like sardines.  My only gripe is no bathroom.  It was cold the night we visited, and you have to walk outside to the Tivoli restroom facilities.
5	This place has excellent food.  We had the tomato basil pizza, Cesar salad, and the Parma bread.  All fabulous.  Loved our server too.
3	So glad this wasn't my first time here. The waitress this time was so dismissive and awful, my friends said they'd never come back. Asian girl w tattoos, do not sit in her section. Beer and wine variety great, food great, she ruined it tho.
5	Awesome pies, tasty mac, huge wings! Great atmosphere.. Excellent selection of beer and wine!
5	Decor is beautifully designed. I highly recommend the Shrimp Chipotle pizza! It is unbelievable. It's the perfect blend of flavors. This is so far the best pizza place I've been to in Las Vegas!!!
3	I decided to give pizza lounge another try. The first time I came here I had mix feelings about my experience. I loved the decor, the environment and the large beer and wine selection. The only problem is that I had the shrimp coconut and it was a bit too sweet and overwhelming for me.. But that was my own fault for trying to eat outside the box! So my 2nd time I ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It was good, the bacon was very crispy but It lacked some sauce. I would probably come back but I realize they are better pizza options out there! If you come you will enjoy your visit as they have good customer service!
4	hey i am from nj so the pizza was.....hmmmmmm ok! not bad and not that good....but ok. however i also had the lobster mac n cheese. omggggggggthe best ever! real lobster really cheesy. the best! the freaking best!  awesome. the best i ever had!  i mean what pizza place serves lobster mac n cheese? the pizza lounge that's who. great atmosphere. vegas rocks!
5	I am a regular customer so may be a tad biased but.....these guys have awesome pizza. Love the chipotle shrimp and the California pepperoni. I get the spinach salad on my "healthy" days. The General Manager Greg and Bar Manager Margie are super cool. Would be here for happy hour every day if I could.
1	Very nice restaurant, but the service sucks!  The waiters were nice, but very slow.  Worst part is that there were only 3 tables in the restaurant.
4	Came here after reading some positive reviews. This place is tucked back in a corner in Tivoli, where Radio City Pizza used to be. Atmosphere is very nice, they have two bars, one observing the kitchen and another the actual bar. They offer a decent amount of wines and some good beers too... We ordered Calamari as an appetizer which was fried nicely and the sauces were good too. My wife and I split a large pizza and had some to take home. There menu consists of a large variety of craft pizzas which all sounded appetizing and were not crazy combinations. The pizza had a good crust and the chefs were continually prepping ingredients to keep the product fresh. We also had a dessert which they bring in from a local bakery.The server we had was very attentive and the manager made some small talk with us since we were one of the only groups dining. The place is new so I overheard some quality control checks, but it's good to know they're holding to their standards. Overall we were very happy and will surely be back.
4	If it wasn't for our server, this place would have gotten 1 or 2 stars. We tried to get a table inside but the hostess said it would be 10 minutes but she could get a table outside right away. When she takes us outside she realized that the table hasn't been cleaned so we wait for it to be. While we wait a table inside finishes and leaves. We asked if we could sit there but she said another party that had just got there was going to sit there, Even though she knew we  wanted to be inside.  We  ended up sitting outside but didn't get any water or service for another 10 minutes when they tell us that the table inside opened up so we walk inside and wait another 5 minutes to see the server and bus boy arguing about who is giving us water cups. Just pathetic. We went ahead and ordered the meatballs and hummus as a appetizer, the pear and gorgonzola salad, and a large pizza for 4 people to share. The meatballs and salad were great but the pizza came out before we got the hummus so we had to tell them to forget about it. In the end the server felt horrible about the service the hummus that she handled a few items on the check but the Pizza was great (we got half chipotle pizza and half veggie.
1	I had some family in town and took them to Pizza Lounge.  I made a reservation for 6 people.  We were seated right away.  Pizza was good, but the service was absolutely horrible!   After receiving our food, we waited for 20 minutes or so for our waitress to come back over.  I had to flag her down only to find out that she was no longer our server.  We asked for boxes and the check.  With a bad attitude, she honored our request.  Two minutes after we paid the bill and we were gathering our things, an employee came over and asked us to leave because they needed our table.  Are you kidding me?  If we had not waited so long for a server to check on us, we would have already been gone.  Even though the pizza tasted good, the horrible and rude service means I will never go back.
3	Eh. Only okay. The food is alright. The service is ho hum. There was nothing spectacular about our experience here. When we arrived we were the first table to be seated. It was myself, my friend and our 2 kids. Everyone moved at a glacial pace, never smiled and made us feel as if we were inconveniencing them by being in the establishment. The kids were well behaved for most of the visit, until the pizza had not arrived for some time. It was lunch time, they were hungry- so I can't blame them. I smelled something burning and I told my friend "that's probably mine." I was right. Gluten free crust is thin, I didn't order cheese so there was no need to leave the pizza in a long time (no waiting for it to "bubble and melt"), so you have to watch the crust. By the time it arrived, my daughter was starving so we just ate it.No one came to check on us to see if we needed more drinks, dessert, how the food was. I had to search out a server for our check. Again- I was made to feel as if I was an inconvenience.I'm always excited when a new establishment opens (especially one that serves gluten free anything, since my DD has severe allergies), but unfortunately, I am not sure I will return.Decor is beautiful though.
5	This place has everything you could ask for. We went down one afternoon and checked out the happy hour. They have some awesome food for a great price and they even serve up some sampler pizzas for five bucks. The wine and beer specials where great as well. One of the only places I have seen in Vegas that serves 1664 Blanc on tap. We will be back soon for sure.
4	Pleasantly surprised! We were invited to a lovely afternoon lunch for a birthday party. We have a perfect outdoor table and it was a beautiful day. Good people watching with the park and farmer's market. Immediately, I was impressed with the large variety of beer and menu items. Lots of craft beer, cider, fruit beer etc. Excellent. I had the seasonal kronenburg. It was light, peachy, flavorful. Yum. The menu has loads of choices including apps, 15 salads, 30 pizzas, pastas and more. We are family style and shared a pear Gorgonzola spinach salad, Caesar salad, caprese pizza, meat lovers pizza and a peach, chicken and Gorgonzola pizza. Everything was delicious. Flavorful. Crust was crisp with a slight chew. Salads were big and great to share. Small complaint- salads were not dressed. Dressing was drizzled on top and we had to toss them at the table. What the heck? Just toss the salad. What's the point of sort of dressing it?Pizza did take awhile. We didn't mind because we were drinking and enjoying the weather. But it did end up being a 2 hour lunch. The prices were surprisingly affordable. $7 for a glass of Chardonnay. $10 for a pizza or $20 for a giant pizza. I will definitely go back to enjoy another al Fresco afternoon with good beer and good pizza. Also, the pizza lounge is right next to the playground so you can pop over to entertain your little one while waiting.
4	Perfect spot for a play date. Playground is right next to patio. Kids play while parents hang in patio. Service was ok.  Hummus was ok The chipotle shrimp pizza killed it. Highly suggest trying! Coming back just for that.
1	This has to be the worst pizza I have ever eaten! For starters, the waiter never came to ask what we wanted to drink he automatically brought a bottle of VIVANTE, which is not even bottled water, it's basically filtered water and they reuse the bottle. After we refused to consume the water we did not order, he never asked what we wanted to drink and he turned around and left. When we were ready to order we had to go inside because he was nowhere to be found. The cook messed up our order TWICE and to us it's more probable that he messed up the order and is blaming the cook! When we asked the waiter what happened with our breadsticks he looked confused and said oops I forgot to put the order in, the pizza had absolutely no flavor, to much cheese (flavorless cheese)! The only thing that was good was the breadsticks. Then when we finished and when I say finished I left my pizza, he was nowhere to be found, he left and didn't even tell anyone that we still needed to pay, that we were even outside! I will not recommended this place!!!!
4	Wow! I am impressed. The sauce was great. I hope they pay their bills and stick around. The reason not a 5 star we asked to have the bread sticks first, instead came last. The decor is totally different from radiocity. Definately going back.
3	I'm not big on rating food for the taste, what i may like, others may not. I'm more into their specialty pizzas than the regular cheese. They have a great chicken salad with goat cheese and honey mustard dressing and that's usually what I stick too. Any place that I can relax and enjoy lunch/dinner with friends while the kids play right outside in the park is for me.
2	Hate to do this to the Pizza Lounge, but your service SUCKS!!!  We've been to visit 4 times and haven't written a review because we hoped it was a 1 time event. The pizza is GREAT!  Loved the salad and the wings, but my goodness your wait staff is horrible!!  Had to get up to find someone for a water refill and to get the check. Janessa didn't check on us once. Yeah....it was busy, but to not check on how the food was or anything?!?!  The manager heard about our displeasure and what did he do?  Run outside to a table as fast as he could!  Nice!!!  This isn't isolated....happens each time we go. Only saving grace is that the pizza is actually good!!  Not sure I have the patience for anymore abuse though. There are other great pizza places in Vegas.
5	This place catered my 6 year old's b'day party with awesome pizza and salad.  That's why I went there for a girls' night out....had 1/2 price wine bottles on a Tuesday nite and again had awesome food.  The service by Paul was outstanding.  Great overall.  Will go again and again.
3	We have been regulars here since they took over this spot at Tivoli from the previous establishment.New name "pizza bar" re vamped menu 1/3 of what is was and all of our favorites gone, changed drinks and beers.Sad to say they first lost Margie, now us we won't be back.
5	the pizza here is so good we will drive across the city for it. we love the chipotle shrimp with cranberries and barbeque sauce, perhaps one if the best pizza I've ever tasted. i really like that they give you your own water bottle to share, nice atmosphere and pleasant staff.
3	The decor was great and the seats very comfortable.Great service and friendly staff. The menu is diverse and a lot of good choices and nice wine selection.Very Reasonably priced.However I came here craving a pizza. They don't service pizza's! They call it a pizza but all the serve are flat breads. Very disappointed in that. It tasted great, but what can I say... When you want a pizza you want a pizza.
2	We used to LOVE Pizza Lounge. Went there tonight. They have totally changed the menu, they raised prices and down graded the quality of food. We used to love the coconut shrimp pizza. Tonight we had tiny salad shrimp on the pizza.  They used to have family sized pizza. Now they are single serve flat bread style at the same prices as the large pizzas. Big disappointment, won't be back.
1	Try to go yesterday , arrived around 9:15 pm and the closing time is at 10:00 pm and told me the kitchen was already half closed and couldn't help me . I could understand that happening at 9:45 pm but not at 9:15 ! Maybe all the reviews for bad service it is for a reason !
4	I didnt have the pizza for lunch but the cobb salad was very good.  Its a small place really, but decent, and high end per Tivoli standards.  Prices normal and food was solid.  I will go back to try the Gluten Free pizzas....that is a welcome change for the gluten intolerent.  Solid food, happy pizza!
1	IT'S AWFUL NOW. DO NOT GO HERE. We heard it was ok months ago, but something must have changed big time. We waited 40 minutes for the one waitress to show up. Then the food took about an hour fifteen to start showing up and they never got our kids food to the table, in an hour and a half.  To top it off, the food was terrible. The only thing edible was the garlic breadsticks. The food and service was so bad I kept waiting for a Candid Camera crew to walk out. THe poor waitress kept apologizing for the delays and food quality, though we never complained, except to ask to cancel the food that never showed up. The restaurant only had one waitress, two clowns in the open kitchen and a busboy. No manager. I would not be surprised to find out that this place is under new or absent management. What a disaster.
3	Nicely designed space, very good food, inconsistent service.Well designed not only for aesthetics, but functionality.  The low glass back to the bar makes the kitchen noise almost unnoticeable.  The lighting is beautifully done, settings inside and on two outside areas are great for conversation.The music on one visit was sophisticated background theme, went well with decor and ambiance.  Another time it was sappy 1970's love songs turned up to a.m.-radio-at-the-lake levels.  When we asked to change the music, they put on something like Deadmou5, and we thought we were supposed to jump up and down by a hotel pool.  We finally got them to at least turn that down.  They were willing, but didn't actually know how.  The place seems very well thought out as to design and menu, but understaffed and undertrained on the wait side.  One inexperienced waitstaffer served us regular pasta as gluten free.  It's nice that they offer a gluten free pasta, but it defeats the purpose if the staff doesn't know the difference.  Thankfully we did, on sight, and sent it back.  They were very apologetic and picked up the tab for the gluten free pasta, which was shows some sophistication at the management level.  The server was new and she was doing her best but  seemed to need more backup.There are a few bugs to work out, but the location, design, menu and capability seem to be in a good place here.  I'd love to bump this rating up as they work out the service issues!
4	This has got to be some of the best pizza I've had in a LONG time!!! Service was EXCELLENT, wine selection was great and MOST importantly, the pizza was just AWESOME!!! Ordered the white pizza and the Chipotle chicken pizza and a pinot grigio and my Mom and I had the BEST lunch ever!
2	Food was cold! Not so great service only one waiter was taking car of everything such as bussing seating and wait inert and other waiter was so lazy. Five stars to the one guy in that whole place.
1	Just came here and they're shut down! I'm so disappointed I really liked this place :/ maybe they need a more familyFriendly restaurant since their right by the playground!
