1	This show may have been funny four years ago, which is when my husband first saw it and why he recommended we see it on our recent Vegas trip. But the show must have changed drastically - first off, it's no longer improv, but just rehearsed bad skits (think today's SNL skits...now think ten times worse than that). The actors are good, but the script is just not funny at all. I think the only people that laughed during the performance were a group of college kids that looked drunk/high and guffawed at anything. We were not the only disappointed faces in the room, and we heard a guy exit and tell some people in line for the next showing that they shouldn't waste their time and just eat the cost of tickets and go gamble. We paid full price for these tickets so we were even more disappointed. Avoid this show at all costs!
3	CF must have seen it on a bad night.  I thought it was pretty darn funny and also, well acted.  Now, I agree that it has deviated away from Improv.  I think they had maybe 4 instances of improv during the hour or so show.  If you are there to specifically see improv, skip this one.  However, what was sketch comedy was pretty funny with several hilarious moments.  There was one sketch that I thought sucked which was the Imus skit, but other than that, funny stuff.  I would recommend this and in fact, would recommend getting the half price tickets at the mall.
5	This show is a huge diamond in the rough on the strip in a relatively crappy casino.  We got super cheap tics for $28 at tix4tonight.  The theatre is pretty intimate, although the seating arrangement could have been better since the tables and chairs were way too close to each other.  Luckily there was plenty of space to stretch out as it really wasn't that crowded.  We laughed pretty hard throughout the hour show.  It's been a long time since i've seen the Chicago show, but many of the actors had previously worked in Chicago so the quality of the comedy was very high.  There was quite a bit of interaction w/ the crowd as well which is something I really love about improv.  This is simply a wonderful and unique show in the midst of everything being bigger than life in Vegas.
3	As a student of Improv I was excited to see this show. I was disappointed that it was about 95% rehearsed and 5% Improv. I also am mad that I bought my ticket for full price.Comedy skits were cute...it seemed professional, but the quality could have been better.The positive is that it was 1 hour away from the smoke, gamblers, and soliciters.
