4	The pizza is chewy and thick.. the toppings fresh and tasty.. the beer is ice cold and they have a few on tap from SanTan Brewery.. what better place to hang out after a shopping trip to Target?! Short, sweet and to the point! Hows that for a Yelp review?
4	Sometimes I just want a slice (or two!) of pizza.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing wood-fired or artisan.  No three hour wait.  No ingredients I can't pronounce.  Just pizza.  Pizza with puffy crust, red sauce and gooey cheese.  That's it.That said, I was looking forward to the opening of this Barro's location, as it is within lunchtime range of my office.  Thanks to Alexander C's review, I knew that the 'Coming Soon' sign finally changed to 'Now Open'.  Yay!  To be sure this new location was just as good as the other Barro's that I have grown to love, I had to try out a couple of pepperoni slices.  After all, quality control is important, right?  I am happy to say the 'za was warm, soft and cheesy - just what I wanted.
3	Have you noticed that a few years ago, when you wanted a thin-crust pizza they were nowhere to be found, but now thin crust is everywhere so you have to hunt for the thick crust?  Well, if you want a traditional thick-crust, Barro's is a good place to get it.  We've been there twice and the pizza is just as we remembered it from before all the artisanal pizzas showed up.  The sausage is great.  So is the crust.  You can't go wrong with a pepperoni.Unfortunately, our tastes have broadened a bit over the years, so now I look at the toppings list and wonder, where is the artichoke?  the gorgonzola?  the carmelized onions? the walnuts? the arugula? the melon? the capers? the coconut? the mandarin oranges?  Barro's is a great place to go after the movie, for nostalgia, but with Crust, Cove Trattoria, and Humble Pie all in the neighborhood, and not really caring whether my crust is thick or thin, it won't usually be my first choice.
5	So glad to finally have a Barro's in this part of town.  Love their slice deals at lunch, what a steal.  Delivery is timely and friendly as well.  This location is probably the most attractive I've seen.
3	They have solid food specials; we got an extra large pizza and 24 wings for $20. The food is great too!The only problem I had there was that one of the wings (we ordered boneless) was raw. I don't mean undercooked, I mean crunchy raw. I know that this is probably just a one-off, but I can't overlook it; not with chicken. Hopefully next time I go back they'll earn  a higher rating. Ultimately though, I would definitely recommend this place for pizza!
2	You have to order at the counter, you're given a little pole with a number on it to take to your table. We ordered:Medium pepperoni pizzaChild's chick stripsSmall salad6 hot wingsThe pizza was just "ok". Salad was fine. Childs chicken strips was 6 tiny, heavily breaded chunks of chicken smaller that McDonald's chicken nuggets. And didn't come with fries..only a small bag of plain potato chips. LAMEThe hot wings were anything but hot. Slimy, yes. Hot, no. The salad was fine. All in all, we won't be back.
5	Great pizza & delicious wings!  Customer service was stellar!
3	decent spagehettidecent pizzawrong address
4	Excellent go to type of place to grab an average slice of pizza, wings, beer, etc. I've dined here for lunch and dinner numerous times. The staff have always been friendly, the food has been average but very consistent, and even when it's really busy the service is generally quick.
3	First visit was dinner.  I loved the chewy crust and there was just the right amount of char on the toppings.  Sauce was a little sweet for me, but still a great pizza.Second visit was at lunch.  The gal working the counter was super efficient, and I appreciated there was no wait, but the slices weren't hot, just barely warm.  A slice with a drink was only $2.50 though so hard to complain about that!
4	Great family place and price
5	This place is awesome, been coming here for years. I went to the 7th street location up until now. Can't lose on the lunch special.
4	The pizza is really good. The crust is very thick, so if you're a thin crust lover this wont be the place for you.Their hot wings are divine!
3	Thought the pizza here was OK. I was hungry at the time and it was a work sponsored function, which helps. I had a slice of cheese, pepperoni and a meats option. The sauce was fine, the crust was pretty good, everything about the experience was just decent. It's a big place, so it's good for groups or an event. We were there right before a spring training game, and it was a convenient location to where we ended up. Service was good, very attentive. Our waitress was always coming along, making sure drinks were filled, etc. No small feat for someone handling 30+ people. One note: Their wings were actually really good. I tried a honey BBQ and a buffalo wing and was impressed. Those alone made up for the so-so pizza.
3	The pizza was hot even though it was sitting on the back counter in a case.Service was OK
5	Best lunch deals in the area! Amanda is an extremely hard worker and she remembers the orders of the regulars! :) Barros always made Fridays better!
3	This is great if you are in a hurry, they have slices and salads ready to go. Above average quality and a nice open space too. Perfect stop before or after catching a movie next door.
4	Good pizza. Good service. Perfect with kids! Love the little play area!
4	Pizza is great here.  Always run into someone we know - glad to finally have a dinner place at Pavilions.  Prices are reasonable, and staff is mostly friendly.  Definitely a place that we frequent now.
2	I work down the street and sometimes go there for their lunch deals. The best pizza for lunch always hot and fresh and the price for 3 slices and a drink is not bad. The problem I have is when you go there on your lunch if there is ever a table open you practically have to clean it yourself. I see dirty dishes everywhere and customers bussing their own tables. It's really not that hard to have your crew go through the restaurant every 10-15 mins and clean the tables. I don't like sitting at  a table with left over pizza crumbs and cheese all over the place. The fact maybe you don't have enough staff at lunch I don't know but every time I have gone in there it's the same thing. I hope the Barro's management sees this because i really like the food but hate to have to clean my own table just to sit down.
3	There are several different places within the Scottsdale Pavilions we frequent. Whenever we leave, we always say, "We should check out Barro's Pizza before we  go." Somehow, we never follow through.Well, as fate would have it, my daughter and I ended up at the Pavilions on Black Friday, and we weren't going to pass on the opportunity this time.As we approached the place, we were quite hopeful. The outdoor seating area was really nice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#HrZNO76vToSoefR45IvLxg. There were four separate tables, completely shaded by a permanent awning. Even during the grueling summer months, this place would still make for a nice place to enjoy a beer and a slice.Upon walking in, we were shocked at how empty the place was! I mean, it was lunch time on Black Friday...and my daughter doubled the clientele when we walked through the door. Not to mention the fact that the restaurant was quite nice. The left side of the dining area appears to be the party section. There are several tables intermingled with banks of booth seating, all surrounded by multiple televisions. When we were there, each television was tuned in to a different sports channel, making it seem to be a fairly decent place to catch a game.For a more intimate setting, there's a section of secluded booths. The backs of each booth are exceptionally high, making for a nice shelter from the inevitable cheering emanating from the aforementioned "party section" of the dining room. There were only a few of these seats available, so plan accordingly if you want to bring a date.The far right portion of the dining area is devoted to families with kids. There are a few arcade games to entertain the older kids. There is one television, typically airing some sort of children's programming (Nickelodeon, in our case). There is also a "make-believe" section, where your children can play with Legos, or play make-believe while you drink away the sounds of other people's kids screaming http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#kihDQjTywZ_YpLshpBCoJQ.They have several different specials from which to choose that are very cost effective. In our case, we ordered a two slice combo for right around $5.00. The pizza itself was underwhelming. It was very obvious that the pizza had been sitting under the food warmer for quite some time. It was edible, but barely. That's not to say that all of their pizzas are bad. We noticed a pizza that was coming fresh out of the oven, and it looked amazing. I'm sure that if you order your own pizza instead of picking one off of the warmer, you'll fare better than we did.I won't say that we're in a huge hurry to go back. But, I'll also say that I haven't completely written this place off. Given the different variables that led to our lackluster experience, I think that it would only be fair to give it another go one day. After all, if you mix in some of their fantastic beer prices, you probably won't taste the food anyway.Quick side note about Barro's. The dining room closes 30 minutes early every night. So, if you're planning on coming in right before close, you'll end up leaving hungry, sober, and most likely angry. Consider this your warning about the dining room http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barros-pizza-scottsdale-2?select=8W27QfIPdP2p0wU6aN1N0Q#-PmxLOfucVkI_LwIbNT4bA.
4	Good location, lots of parking and lots of space.  Even a little play area for the kiddos.  I much prefer eating in because there is nothing better than a cheese pizza fresh out of the oven.  WOW.  Having to wait to eat it at home any pizza will lose that oven fresh perfection.The wings are great and the pizza is pretty darn good, too.  They go a little heavy on the pizza sauce for my taste, but I will just remember to ask for light sauce next time.The place is always busy on the weekends.  And expect to run into teams celebrating a win or licking their wounds for a loss.  But it is still a great atmosphere. And one I am hesitant to take my kid into.
4	The pizza is the best in town, but the service at this location is spotty at best.  That is why we usually take the pizza home.  They are also very reasonably priced.
5	Barro's is hands down my favorite - the best pizza I've had since moving to AZ a few years ago. We usually go to the Tempe Barro's out of habit since it's right down the street from where we used to live but a few weeks ago decided to try this location. The atmosphere here is way better! Not to knock the Tempe Barro's but this one just seems more relaxed, cleaner and much newer. The bartender/ counter guy who took our order was funny, friendly and seemed to enjoy his job a lot. The pizza was perfect and service was fast.  We'll definitely be back to this location.
1	Pizza was bland, as well as the chicken salad. The most disappointing part of the night zwas the kids who were running around the restaurant.  I was there with my kids and if staff allows kids to climb on the tables and act like morons, I guess they should change the name from Barro's to Chuckie Cheese.  I won't be back to this dump!  Be warned, go elsewhere.
3	Pasta looked like it had a bit too much cheese.Pizza was okay.Even the service wasn't good. Pineapple pizza didn't have pineapples in the first place. They had to top it & bake again.
4	Good pizza for the price! Very cheese and the sauce is yummy too! Order at the counter then wait for the pizza to arrive, very gags and easy! Great place to eat before a movie at ultra star.
1	Terrible customer service. Just awful! Expected way better from this place. Never coming back!!
4	We are regulars here.  Love the convenience of having a Barro's near us!  Great pitcher deals and we love the wings.
2	Well I went back for a second time because the food was great. My girl friend and I love the cheese bread and pizza.  And believe it or not they have some of the best ranch. No I'm not a picky person but I do appreciate good ranch, not that hidden valley stuff. So they have good food and great ranch. But that's it.My complaint is not with the staff, they are relatively friendly, and young. Both of which aren't bad things. They have no guidance. Management is terrible!The place is filthy, always understaffed, and filthy. It was Friday night, the floor hadn't been swept, the tables around us were not bussed, and the soda area was disgusting. I would say 10 tables didn't have anybody sitting at them when we walked in, and 8 of them were dirty. I had to wipe my own table because I didn't want to next to the kid section. Management here's some advise. Always over schedule, and make cuts. Your restaurant is in a great location. And it is Friday night. If your place was cleaner than your business would thrive. You might get regulars. If I was you I would hire four teenage boys to just bus tables and sweep floors. Nothing else. That or actually ride your staff and push them harder. I wouldn't allow their armpits on the kitchen window either. Stop leaning.
5	I come to this Barros about twice a month. For the price the pizza is great! My kids love it too because there is a kid area with games and a tv showing kid shows. Is it the best pie in town? No. But it's great for the price and family atmosphere.
1	Decided to try Barro's after seeing it rated the best pizza on ABC15's poll. Literally the worst pizza I've ever had. Sauce was bad. Crust was bad. Cheese was bad (not even sure how that happens). Plus it was really inconsistent. One half of the pizza would have tons of sauce and the other half would be practically dry. If you're thinking about trying Barro's - DON'T! There are plenty of better pizza places around the valley that are better. Hell, I've had frozen pizza better than this.
4	Barro's is fast-food pizza.  Step up to the counter, order a slice or two, maybe some wings, and you're good for lunch.  It's cheap, delicious, and fills you up.  The staff are always friendly, and seating has never been a problem.
5	love this place!! i work just down the street so atleast two times a week i meet the wife and kids for lunch. There is a nice place area for the kiddos, Great food and  great service!! Landon is the man!!!
5	Amazing pizza and salad! I always have great service regardless of eating in or ordering delivery. I love the spicy southwest pizza! A must!
4	Great pizza at a good price.  They play 80's music and I love that.  So why not 5 stars?  Two words, cleaning and stocking.  I was at this location twice this week.  Both times it was about 30 minutes after they opened and the glass windows and door to the outside seating area were covered with fingerprints and smears.  The floor needed to be clean both times.  Also, at this location you can bet the farm that the beverage area will be out of at least one or two things.  Most of the time there are no or only a COUPLE of napkins.  (Don't look under the counter in the beverage area because I have NEVER found extra napkins there.)  Straws and lids also tend to not be stocked but at least there are extras under the beverage station.  The staff is friendly but I agree with the one review that mentions that they need more supervision.Work harder on keeping the place clean and stocked and offer a veggie slice on more than one day of the week and I will give them 5 stars.
1	Just had a very horrible experience here with placing a delivery order here. Called in to place my order with an Ashley, she asks for my number which I give her two times to confirm and tell her to have the driver call me so I can come down stairs and open the door due to no doorbell at my location I was at. She tells me no problem I will have the driver call. Remind you I am ordering for 6 hungry men that have had a long day to begin with. So one hour goes by and I call to get an ETA on the order and Ashley tells me the driver had been to my location and he was knocking and calling but I must have been to busy to hear my phone or door knocks. I said that's weird I did not miss a call nor am I to busy right now so she said she will call the driver and have him come right back. I then asked her to make sure for the third time she had the right number and confirmed it again with her. I waited another 15 mins and nothing, so I call back a third time, and get a different employee. I tell her what happened and she places me on hold and puts me on with a manager, he tells me the same thing Ashley told me about the driver knocking and calling multiple times and he should be there any second. 10 mins later the driver shows up with me waiting outside at this point so I don't miss him and as soon as he pulls up I say I'm so sorry I didn't hear you knock, then the driver tells me he NEVER knocked he called the number printed on the ticket, I ask him what number it was, and it was a wrong number they printed. So my problem here is the simple fact two people lied to me and told me the driver knocked on my door, and they were confirming my number which they had the right one which they didn't. I am very upset that I was lied to and will never go here again as I go into the restaurant all the time. You just lost my business as well as the 6 other guys I was ordering for. Word of mouth spreads pretty fast.
5	Best pizza for the value, hands down! Nice clean atmosphere and great bar menu. Staff is always courteous. Just a nice place to go for a night out with the family or friends
5	The staff here are ALWAYS friendly!  We leave near this place and eat here often with our children.  I wish I knew the name of the young man that is often there, but he is always so friendly.  We were in this week and a new employee helped us and once again very nice.  I knew then I should write a review.   The tables are quickly cleaned off, and the restaurant appears clean.  I wish the patio was a little more welcoming...for I love to sit outside.  The Barros special is the BEST!  Our family eats here on our family pizza night
5	Bomb. Bomb. Bomb. Bomb. Bomb. My girl and I moved here recently from out of state and were seeking the perfect pizza place. Found a lot of shitty spots and then we tried Barros. We ordered a simple pepperoni pizza cause I had a coupon. They delivered pretty far to get to us and got it here in a timely manner considering they had to get through the gates of the apartment complex and find our apartment tucked in the back of the complex (and it was still hot). And something as simple and boring as a pepperoni pizza couldn't have been made so perfectly. Cheese was bomb sauce was bomb crust was bomb and the pepperoni was cooked perfectly (not too crispy but not undercooked). The only thing that bummed me out is after I was done I wished I would have ordered something with more toppings. Go to spot for sure!
5	Absolutely the best pizza I have ever had ! Hands down ! Before this place I could take or leave pizza, not now ! You gotta try !
5	Myself and my wife came down to visit during the past 2 weeks.  I really enjoyed the pizza from this place.  It's a large and comfortable place with plenty of TV's.  The atmosphere was very nice.  The pizza reminds me of a NY Style Pizza.  Large and good with a lot of stuff on it!
5	Consistently good pizza!Been coming here for about 2 years now and have never been disappointed. Yummy thick, bubbly crust...mmmm. Staff are some of the friendliest I've experienced anywhere. Very accommodating and personable. Highly recommend this pizza and location.
4	This is exactly the type of neighborhood carryout type pizza I was looking for.  You order at the counter and get a number on a stick so they can find you when they deliver your food.  We had to catch a movie so we asked for our pizza in a box.  Their time estimation was on point and they didn't forget about the box.We tried the Barro's special(?) which is basically like a supreme.  The crust was chewy yet crisp and the veggies didn't make the top part too watery.  I think it was pretty well executed overall.I really was pleasantly surprised and can't wait to try some other items on the menu.  Their beer selection is decent and the prices are pretty good.  Lots of TVs there too, though I'm not sure they have the NFL package or anything.  It would be a great place to catch a game or go before/after a movie for sure.
3	I've been craving Barro's for awhile. Today, since I had a few errands to run in the Pavilions at lunchtime, I decided to drop in for some takeout. This review runs between a 2 and 3 star. 3 star for pizza, 2 star for service.I went with a 2 slice combo lunch special (forgetting that they actually have giant slices). The salad was fresh, crisp and tasty. The lunch specials are a GREAT value. My pizza seems to have been sitting out for awhile (although the sausage is tasty), so I wasn't terribly impressed this time. When I walked in, there were maybe 3 patrons. As I walked up to stand at the counter, 3 more people piled in behind me. I'm not sure if the sudden appearance of customers made the lady at the counter nervous and suddenly forget her manners/training, but she took my money, tossed my container of pizza and salad on the counter (along with my pizza sauce smudged to-go drink cup), put a plastic bag ON TOP of them and said "NEXT CUSTOMER".  No "thank you" nor "have a nice day" offered, no effort to put my to-go order in a bag, just an abrupt dismissal. Maybe next time I'll try to scrape up enough time to actually dine-in, if there is a next time, but I'm in no hurry to go back.
