5	WHERE: Located inside the Container Park on Fremont and 7th St.WHEN: I believe today (December 6, 2013) will be their official grand opening!WHY: To support our local community/boutique ownersWHAT: First off, I would like to start off with how beautiful The Container Park is!! Within the park there a several local owned boutiques, including this one. This shop is very unique in that it starts in the heart of Las Vegas!My friend and I were strolling through the park and checking out each and every store, and because I am an Accessory Queen, I had to check it out. There were some cool handmade jewelry and even a sweater for your alcoholic beverage bottle! There is just some pretty neat items you wouldn't find anywhere else! I even found a Christmas present (not for me, surprisingly) for my cousin! One cool thing I did see was they had a ring made of the inside of a wrist watch, which I will definitely have to go back for once I finish shopping for my lovers! Lol.And so I leave you with this. Downtown LV is the place to be, the Container Park is the place to see, and 702 dtlv boutique is the place to Che... Check out!! Muahahaha! Go on and find some neat things while supporting our local family! :)
5	I am totally obsessed with this little hidden gem! DTLV screams everything downtown. The jewelry is so vintage looking. It has a certain california swag to it. I highly reccomend checking this place out when your at the container park.
5	Stopped in on a trip to Las Vegas. Cute shop, interesting goodies, great hand painted signs with inspirational sayings. The lady that worked there was very nice. Had to make a second trip to buy some things. Would go again. Reasonable prices. Thumbs up!!
1	I want to begin by saying that I am a HUGE fan of container park!  My family and I visit very often and we have not had a single negative experience until now.  I visited this little boutique and loved many of the things they carry. I tried on a couple of shirts and decided to purchase a top. It was close to 9pm so I quickly made my purchase and left the park since we had our kids with us and there is a curfew at the park. I brought the shirt home and showed it to my husband who was not impressed. The next day we brought it back to the store to exchange it. There are no returns allowed at this store which I thought was fine since they have cute things. The woman at the store was friendly until I told her I had an exchange. I pulled the top out of the original sales bag and handed it over. I began to look around for an exchange and then she said that the shirt had a dirty mark on it. She immediately told me that she would not be able to accept it. I told her that I took it from the store to the house and then back to the store, barely taking it out to show my husband.  She started flipping through the racks in a condescending way and saying she didn't see how it could have gotten dirty here. I told her that maybe someone accidentally marked it when they were trying it on in the store since the dressing room is a little small with just a curtain and hardwood floors.  I told her that the lighting is dimmer at night and neither the saleswoman or I noticed the mark the night before,  She texted the owner and I waited,  she was singing and tying a ribbon on a candle and acting as if I wasn't there!  I waited for a while with no answer from "the owners." I understand that owners want to protect themselves from tacky people who return worn items and such, but she made me feel like I was one of those people right off the bat, and i wasn't!  The customer service here is terrible and beware for slimming mirrors throughout the store since there are no returns allowed, or exchanges, apparently!  $54 later, I won't be shopping here ever again, nor will any of my friends!
4	A HIDDEN GEM to say the least!  Visited the Container Park on 8/3/14 and this was one of the first stores I checked out.  LOVED this place.  I spent a little over $200 but knocked out a few birthday and Xmas gifts!  Cute and original accessory items to include jewelry, scarves, bags, signs, some clothing, soaps, etc.  Everything was artfully arranged.  It is quite small in the shop and can be tricky to maneuver in once 4-5 patrons are inside but once again, we aren't at the mall or Tar-Jay!  I bought a brass colored bracelet made up of bullet shells that I get comments on every time I wear it!  I bought a few rings, bracelets, and necklaces.  Most are for gifts...  I'm coming back before Christmas for sure.  I believe they are opening a second place...LADIES- you have to check this place out!
