4	What a nice surprise! My car was actually washed at a car wash!So I drove up , a nice man help me choose which wash to get on the drive up teller like screen.I drive around the corner and am stopped just before entry to the drive through wash, where a guy sprays my windshield with some pretty potent bug dissolver and pre-soaks the rest of the car and tires as well, I then drive through the tunnel of wash and when I exit, I get hand dried and armour-all jet sprayed on my tires. Very Fast and Very Clean! .........Very Impressed! Minus one star because they don't do inside, but that's OK I keep it pretty clean!
5	For $5 you really get a sparkly car wash.  I have never once been disappointed.  Of course, you have other higher end options to chose from.  Sometimes you really don't have time to stand in the sun for 30 minutes waiting endlessly while you watch your car get patted down.  So this is a GR8 alternative to have a clean car in 5 minutes for $5 :-).  They have a fantastic deal happening rigt now: i think it's $20 for a full hand wax job - amazing - reminds me, I'm going to try that this afternoon :-)
4	Greatest invention in the world - an automatic car wash, that is automatic.  For $5.00.  All you do is drive up to a electronic screen, pick the wash you want, and extras (if any).  No high pressure sales jobs - just high pressure washing.  You have the option of paying by cash or credit card right at the electronic screen.You drive around the corner - a worker sprays the front of your car with bug cleaner, and off you go through the car wash.  Quick, fast, efficient,  and no hassles.In addition, they do have vacuums for free for the interior of the car.  How did it do?  Great - I hadn't washed the exterior of the van for a year and the only thing it missed was a couple of embedded bugs on the front.  No more having to avoid washing it because of the hassles that go on at a lot of car washes - now even my daughter will take the van for its weekly bath.
4	There is not a thing about this place that I don't like! - I can stay in my car and listen to NPR while my car gets a nice bath! - I can stay in my car while one of the nice youngsters wipes my car down after it gets a bath! - I can relax, certain that no one will come up to me and tell all about the very important rock chip in the upper right hand side of my windshield that has been there for over a year and that, if it actually cracks, will allow me to have a whole new windshield installed in my 1965 Plymouth Lancer at no charge! - The wash itself seems to be pretty gentle...it hasn't ripped any mirrors or wipers or whatnot off my car...yet.And I don't have to interact with anyone...I don't have to smile at the 27 undocumented workers towel drying my car while simultaneously spritzing it with some additional fluids, and angling for a bigger tip (all the while shouting "Leassus!...Leassus!")I don't have to pay $45 for a wash...$7.00 US gives me all of the above, plus an exceptionally strongly and sucksational vacuum (say it with me...vacuuuuuuuum), for those times that I'm felling especially industrious and wanting to vacuum my own car!The only thing lacking...wait a minute, there isn't anything really lacking in Snappy Auto Spa...I only wish it were closer to my home!I already googled Snappy Auto Spa and there isn't one near my new place in CA...I guess I'll have to drive back to Scottsdale for a wash.
4	I'm so glad to find this place already had reviews because I had no idea what it was called and would have never found it otherwise.  We call it "the $5 carwash"  at our house.  Love it.  5 bucks for a car wash and do it yourself vacuum.  Really can't beat this price.  I also like that you stay in your car during the wash, especially, when you have small kids and its such an ordeal to get them all in and out.  They towel dry your car at the end.  So happy this place is near my home.
4	Snaps to snappy for knowing how to get a car cleaned right! I go to Snappy Auto Spa when I want to get a quick exterior wash. It's reasonably priced, quick, easy, I don't have to leave my car and the staff is extremely friendly along the way! Snappy is located just off shea and just west of Scottsdale road. It's a convenient location and the car wash is clean, new and not run down. All pluses in my book! I can get my car washed for just a couple dollars (around $5 for minimal wash) which is what I'd like to spend when I need the exterior washed. Thanks Snappy!
5	Great wash, hand dried, nice people, all for $12. Car looks like new.
4	Edit: Upgraded from one star to 4 and removed my scathing review with a long and boring problem. In the end the manager Chris called me back and talked to me to make it right. It is nice to see a business take the time to fix a customers problem. I still prefer my membership at Clean Freak car wash but in a pinch this place will do nicely.
4	Cheap way to get your car done, clean, not perfect but worth the time and money.  D.I.Y. vacuuming is always a plus!
4	My favorite hand-wash car place in Phoenix is now closed, but I found Snappy Auto Spa on Yelp recently. I miss my detailed hand-wash, but this is a good car wash for the money. You never get out of your car. Drive up and select which car wash you want, add any extra services, and pay there. Continue to the entrance of the car wash, where someone will hand you a cleaning wipe for you to wipe down the inside of your car. They'll spray your car first before heading into the wash. You place your car in neutral and it pulls you through. You get some forced air-dry at the end, then you pull over by the guy with the towels. They'll towel-dry your car and clean the tires (if you requested that service). This is good in a pinch, but I miss my old car wash place.
5	My first time here but I love these places. For $7 you get a good exterior was and mostly dry (bring a shami for touch up).  The reason I prefer this to the full service places is that you also get free vacuum and a shaded place to clean out your interior.  YOU will always do a better job in 30 minutes than you would waiting 30 minutes for the full service place.  Bring some simple car care supplies and do a better job for $7 than you get for $25 at most places.
4	For the price you can't beat it!I hate spending upwards of $20.00 at a fancy car wash just to get in my vehicle and go "Ugh, they missed here, they didn't wipe down there... blah blah blah". For $5.00 I can get the exterior of my car washed and then vaccumm out the inside myself. Which makes me happy because then it is up to my vaccuuming standards!
5	This place rules. It gets the job done fast and cheap. I get a towel dry for a dollar then hit the vacuums. This is not an every time car wash, it is meant for a tune up in between regular washes. The vacuums all work and are strong. Best of all, they ate free.
1	Absolute worst car wash I have ever been to they barley wash anything my car looks worse then when I brought it the light hand drying is a joke he didnt wipe off even half of the water.
4	Hard to beat the value of this place. I get the $7 wash every Friday usually and though the computer generated greeting can throw some people off I suppose it does make it more efficient although slightly less human...literally. Otherwise I have been here a few times as it's close to my work and very convenient. Similar to Clean Freak with maybe a hint less of personality and service.
