4	This location is a Taco Bell/Long John Silvers combo restaurant.  It stands out because of the guy that we call "Happy Guy".  He works the drive-through and is super friendly.  If you go through the drive-through at night time and he is working, you'll know who I'm talking about.  Another pro on this location - they have never messed up my order (crossing my fingers that I didn't just jinx that.)  The only con about this location is the hours; they close surprisingly early for a fast food restaurant with a drive through.
4	Kudos for having the coolest staff ever.I don't recall ever reviewing a fast food place, in fact now that I try to edit the category on yelp for this place, I realize they don't even have a selection for fast-food.   So why review it? I'm not going to mention the food so much, however it was good, as much as you could expect from a Taco Bell and Long John Silvers mashup - but who doesn't like some planks of white-fish along side a spicy chicken quesadilla?  I mean come on!What I am reviewing is the STAFF... I've been through the drive-through a couple times and inside once... Until today I always was like.. many they're kinda friendly there.   Today was no different but I figured after 3 or so times I had to say something.The people that work there, at least on the speakers and at the counter are really frickin happy and they're really nice and fun.  I don't ask for much when I go get fast-food but the "Happy Guy" as Julie M (only review before me here) makes the experience there fun.  You don't get that much anymore.So to that kid and the other girl in the speaker box thingy... Thanks - and keep having fun and enjoying your job - I'm glad somebody does these days :)
5	Like others have said, great staff here. Mary is normally at the front counter with a big smile on at lunch time. Keep people this nice working here and ill keep coming back. You can get decent fast food anywhere, but great service is another story. Great job guys!
5	Friendly service, brand new store, aka clean. What a Taco Bell should be. Also, there's a Long John Silvers attached.
4	This place is one of the better Taco Bells I have been to, the service is usually pretty fast. The employees are cheerful and dish out good manners. It's always clean inside, as well as the bathrooms. And when it is busy they are usually on top of keeping the tables clean. Drive thru is also pretty quick as well. If you are in the mood for tacos and are in the area I recommend stopping at this Taco Bell, it is also a Long John Silvers so if tacos is not what you want you can have some fish
4	Fast and FRIENDLY! Friendly is the key word. Hard to find a place that also has friendly staff.
1	I'm so disappointed in the service we received tonight. We were innthe drive-thru for over 15 minutes and there were only 2 cars in front of us. I ordered 3 fresca style tacos and they completely gave us the wrong type of tacos, which of course I didn't realize until I was all the way home!  Never again!
