4	For Mexican food this place is pretty good. Nice environment, friendly staff, and better than expected at a fair price. I've only been once so I can vouch just for this one experience.
3	There was tons of outdoor seating, which flanked both sides of the entrance with an outdoor bar.  Inside, the restaurant was more upscale than it would appear from the outside.  For a Tuesday night, it was pretty crowded with families, groups of friends, and couples on dates.  The furniture was a mixture of wooden & lacquered tables, iron backed or leather chairs and some booths.  One section of the dining room was illuminated by lighting from the windows while the other side was more dimly lit and sectioned off with beautifully embroidered silk curtains.  They also had a private banquet room for special occasions.  The bar was located in the center with 8 bar stools and 2 large booths with a few flat screens tuned to ESPN/sporting events.Went again a week later on a Friday night, which was packed--inside & out.  I had trouble convincing a woman seated alone in large booth that my party of 7 could really use her table if she wasn't meeting anyone else.  (The few booths in the bar are first come, first serve, while you're seated by staff for all other tables).  My irritation was obvious from across the room where my friends laughed hysterically at my facial expressions during my convo w/this lady.  She dodged my question & started telling me about her bf who lives in Laveen & upcoming job interview.  Apparently, I was giving her the crazy 'WTF' look the whole time, when I thought I was keepin it cool.  Like many Mexican restaurants they serve limitless chips (which tasted like they were made onsite) & salsa.  We ordered shrimp cocktails, queso dip, taco salads, & a sampler platter to share.  I'd recommend ordering the sampler platter from the appetizer menu, which is enough for 2-3 people and priced about $6 during happy hour, it's a great deal and comes with nachos topped with refried beans & cheese, rolled chicken tacos, taquitos, and a few quesadilla slices served with a little guacamole and cheesy sauce on the side.  I tasted everything and didn't care too much for the tiny chicken tacos.  They tasted bland and the chicken was dry.  The chicken quesadillas were good but lacked any heat necessitating the use of salsa to give it some flavor.  The beef taquitos were my favorite as they used shredded beef instead of ground.You must sit in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour prices, which include $4 margaritas, $3.50 drafts, free fountain drinks and  1/2 off all appetizers which are usually priced in the $7-10 range.  Happy Hour spans 3-7PM, which is longer than most happy hours @ Westgate.  Our bartender and wait staff were extremely attentive and even divided our bill.  While I'd return for a future happy hour due to their great prices, I gave it 3 stars b/c the bar area has limited seating and the food was decent.  Not bad, just not extraordinary.
1	Q: What can I say that would make someone who loves Mexican food want to try this place? A: "Nada" as they say in Spanish. And thats what you get here in the way of great Mexican food. Nothing. As a third generation "semi-native" of Arizona and part Mexican myself, I can say without reservation that the food here is plentiful for all the big eaters out  there but as far as authentic or even flavorful, I would not waste my time. The Taco shells are similar to store bought Ortegas and the beans are no better than canned. All entrees are served in the traditional "Americanized" idea of a Mexican meal. That is to say that everything on the plate runs together and looks like somebody got sick on your plate.Sorry. The only thing that was good here was the wait staff. Very attentive and gracious. One of the things I look for in a Mexican restaurant that gives me a pretty good idea that the food is decent is by how many actual Mexicans are eating there. Shallow perhaps but this place is to authentic Mexican food what Rawhide is to the "true old west".
2	Took the whole family to check this place out on a Saturday. The place is very nicely decorated, however the chairs have  like a wicker type material and my shirt kept getting snagged on it, bummer.Our server was really bad...no personality at all. I did notice the other servers were having a great time with other guests and were very friendly, but alas....not ours.We all ordered typical dishes, tacos, rice, beans. I got a special of three different tacos : ground beef (YUCKY!!), shredded beef (OK), and chicken (OK). The problem was the tortilla that the taco was in...as soon as I went to pick it up the bottom was filled with grease that it went to pieces...all of them. My husband is Mexican...I have had every kind of taco under the sun...this tortilla ordeal was not acceptable.When our server returned I showed him the evidence and was told that this how the tacos are served...they fall apart..there's nothing he can do. Yes...this is what he said. Then he just turns around and leaves. Then a cook from the back comes out and asks if I had a problem with the tacos...I said yes...look. He apologizes and offers to make a new one and I gladly oblige. New tacos come out with the appropriate casing. But as stated earlier the filling are not that great.Our server never returned after that...ever. We had to ask another server for our bill, and they brought it to us...not our server. Told the manager on the way out about the situation and he gave us one free meal on next visit. I have not returned at this time ...we will see what happens next time.Bottom line about this place is that it is average mexican food that is in no way fabulous or special. Also overpriced for the quality of what you get . I have better at a local taco shop.It also annoys me when these places serve a taco with ground beef and screw that up. I really think that ground beef should not be used in mexican restaurants at all. I really need to stop going to these types of mexican restaurants...I am always disappointed. Good luck to you on your visit.
2	Ate here for the first time last night. My husband and I were meeting some friends for dinner before a concert and we picked this place to meet at. In my opinion I think the prices are kind of high for what you get. My husband and I are on a bit of a budget right now so we choose to split a taco plate.The tacos were decent and the sopapillas that come with the meal were good. The restaurant is very nice and our server was extremely nice and helpful. I probably wouldn't go back as I can get cheaper and better Mexican food elsewhere and also I don't live in the Glendale area. The place is definitely good for large groups.Our server and free sopapillas was the best part of the experience.
2	I used to go here once a week until i decided to start a diet. The food was good when it opened but it slowly deteriorated. My last trip was at the end of the year for my birthday and to my surprise, the name changed. I decided to try the pork burrito with a spicy white sauce on top. I cut into it and it was like some one broke a dam, grease was everywhere. Needless to say, I tried to eat it but I paid for it later. Although I liked it at first, I would not recommend it anymore.
