5	Love what they do and stand for. If you have never volunteerd you should at this place, great staff as well.
5	my favorite volunteer activity hands down. a really great cause that has an  exponential impact on the lives of the children it feeds.
5	Was a wonderful experience with my daughter and friends. To spend a couple of hours filling bags with food that you know are going to help people directly? Well, it's just heartwarming, and the very least anyone can do. All ready have a date to go back. Everyone should look into this organization and give a little time.
5	This has to be one of my favorite volunteer activities! Such a great cause and the staff there really cares what they're doing! This will definitely be something I do often!
5	I have been doing  a lot of volunteering lately and this one was by far one of my favorites. We had to work together in teams to package food. We prepared enough food to in 2 hours to feed 51 people for a year.
5	If you're looking for a place to spend some time with your family doing good works and raising money for a good cause, this is the place. Individuals, families and groups are welcome. You can sign up online at www.fmsc.org. You get to wear a hairnet and pack food that goes to starving kids around the world. Can't wait to go again!
5	Pretty neat place! I volunteered here on 7/3/14 and packed nutrients for starving children. My group and I packed 21 boxes of 38 bags each. This company is organized and they tell you everything you need to do. They play music while you work and it's a really fun experience. I can't wait to volunteer here again!
5	I helped organize a volunteer outing for some folks in my office yesterday and we had a great time! I have to say that they are very organized and have their act together. The registration process was simple and pretty fool-proof and on-site check in went off without a hitch. We were advised to arrive about 15 minutes before our shift started at 6pm, but the orientation didn't start until 6pm so not sure if something was up that night because we ran late and probably did a little over an hour of packing. It was definitely a lot more work than I expected, especially since I didn't watch the videos, but it was very engaging and time flew by. I'm a big fan of what they do and would recommend volunteering or donating to their cause.
5	First time volunteering here this morning...had a blast! The time flew by and we packed a lot of boxes. Positive, upbeat environment with music....I will definitely volunteer here again!
5	Great place to volunteer for a few hours a night. Bring the kids, friends, etc.  All are welcome and all will have a good time. You can make a difference in some child's life here.  Staff is very friendly. Highly recommend.
