1	This company is a joke to work with.  They missed their first appointment to come out an do an estimate.  When the estimator did come to our home the following week, he was very pleasant and provided us with an acceptable quote that was agreed upon.  The estimator gave us a time window of 9:00 am - 10:00am for the following weekend and told us that we would receive a call the following business day to confirm, which it was.Today, I placed a call to inquire the status of the arborist's arrival.  I was told that the crew wouldn't be available to arrive until 12:00pm or 1:00pm.  I was offered an additional 10% discount for the error in arrival which I agreed to.  At 1:30pm, I placed another call to inquire the status and was then told it would be another 45ish minutes.At this point, I asked to cancel the service and the phone rep proceeded to tell me that they never make time commitments and that it should have never happened.  While I can certainly understand that this may be his policy, commitments were in-fact made by his staff and they were not met.I don't think it's reasonable for any company to not give you a time window especially for a 6-7 hour job.  Even Cox and Qwest are able to give you a 4 hour window.I will also say the Owner, Al your tree pal, did give me a call personally to find out how to retain our business.  He stated that he has been working in the Valley for over 30 years and this isn't how he runs his business.  While I can respect that, his company and crew have now wasted my time and had lost my business.  I declined to reconsider my cancellation.There are too many other arborists' in town that I'm sure would be happy to take my money and provide me service in a timely fashion.I would recommend to anyone that you stay away from this business.
4	I received a call from this company one day, used to be called Al's tree and yard service, and they were following up on previous customers wondering if I needed to have my trees and bushes trimmed. In fact I did, because I had contacted two other companies, arranged for estimates and then they never showed up. Chip Off the Old Block gave me a time and date they would be here and they were on time! They gave a very reasonable estimate and finished the work shortly after. Quick, clean and efficient. Will use them again.
3	I got the name of this tree removal service from a neighbor.  I called, left a message, they called right back.  They had a man out that day to give me a quote for removing a queen palm.  The employee was here the next day to cut the tree down.  So far so good, right?....he cut the queen palm which fell into my 26 year old Oleander Bush.  I saw it, went right out and asked him to please take it out of the bush to which he said "oh, the branches will come right back" and he continued to saw the other end. The branches did not come back because they are broken.  So I have a blank area in the middle of the large Oleander bush which is in the middle of my yard.  When the owner came to give me a quote, I had mentioned there were some not so good testimonials out there and he said he didn't care.  They do what they do, and that is all they care about.  So I didn't bother to call them since he as much as told me they don't care about bad reviews so here I am.  The service is good, the work could have been wonderful except for my poor Oleander bush.
4	They did a great job at a great price - the only issue was they came a day before we had it scheduled.  Which isn't a HUGE issue, but was a bit surprising and held me up a bit.  They were also VERY quick to get it done so it wasn't bad.We'll use them again.
5	Great company, gave them a call and Jack came promptly. Gave me a decent quote and waited patiently for my call back. The guys came on time and was very professional at reducing my crazily overgrown palo verde that is endangering everything in its path during the monsoon season. They cleaned up very well afterwards too. They are a great company and I  highly recommend them.
5	They showed up when they said they would and did a fantastic job on a large Jacaranda tree a mature Chinese Elm and several Queen Palms.  Coming from a Horticulture background they thinned and shaped the trees just as I would if I could.The crew left the property as clean as when they arrived.
1	I would not recommend these guys unless you want to waste some time.The sent me an email regarding their availability.  I have sent them two return emails and have not heard back.  It has been over a week.So much for sales and support.
5	Professional, fast efficient service!Due to roots infiltrating next door neighbors plumbing I agreed (sadly, I might add) to get rid of my 30 year old tree.The crew of six worked quickly to remove my huge aleppo pine in less than an hour. Plus they cleaned up the area nicely. I can always count on Chip Off the Old Block to do a good job!
4	Good company, great prices, and on time.Only wish the workers didn't eat lunch, and hang out in my front yard for two hours (yes, two hours) after they finished the job. It was a little unusual.
4	This company was very easy to work with.  They sent a man out to give me an estimate the day after I called and then came to do the work 2 days later.They did a nice job on my palm trees and cleaned up the mess afterwards.I especially appreciated that they skimmed the debris from my pool.They listened when I asked for a light trim in order to maintain shade on my mesquite trees. Good job.I would definitely use them again.
5	I had an emergency at one of my rentals, the service was affordable, quick, very efficient and top rated, i will use them again.
4	I think I may have the fastest growing trees in all of Arizona.  It seems that their entire goal is to grow large enough to touch my roof line and extend into the yards of my neighbors.  With the the start of monsoon season, I wanted to have them trimmed before a strong wind sent branches flying, causing damage and generally making me unpopular with the neighbors.  :)  After obtaining a few estimates, I chose Chip off the Old Block.  Jack, a certified arborist, clearly explained what needed to be done to my trees and didn't try to upsell me on anything I didn't need (i.e. fertilizer treatments, etc.).  While his bid was not the lowest, he agreed to meet the price I received from another company that was also fully insured.  Also, he was able to accommodate my travel schedule and have a crew at my house the following day, which was appreciated.The crew of three arrived (complete with a wood chipper!) a little earlier than scheduled, which was great.  They quickly got to work, and both of my trees were back in shape in a little over an hour.  They gathered each and every branch, including the ones that fell into my neighbor's yard.  Compared to other tree trimmers I have used, they did a better job in significantly less time!  So, when the trees grow out of control again (and they will) I know who to call to keep them on my side of the fence.
5	This is the second time I've had Chip Off the Old Block come to trim a tall, fast-growing mesquite that partially overhangs my neighbors' yard.  And it's the second time I've received great service.Jack gave me a prompt and fair estimate with no "up-selling."  He was happy to answer lots of questions I asked about other trees on my property--without trying to work them in for additional fees.  The three-man crew arrived on time, were friendly, worked quickly and carefully, and cleaned up both my yard and my neighbor's yard better than they looked before the job began.I know I'll be needing work on some of those other trees on my property, and when I do, I won't hesitate to call this company again.  They have my complete confidence.
4	I had two large California Fan Palms and one queen palm to remove. The estimator called right away and scheduled an appointment to give a free estimate the next day. He came when he said he would. He was very professional and obviously knew his trees. The price quote was competitive with other bids I got from other companies. There wasn't any upsell or sales pitch for more expensive services. They came out on September 9th which was a blistering hot day in Phoenix. Those guys worked so hard on an awfully hot day. So they get points for prompt service, professional, courteous, reliable, hard working and price competitive. I have to ding them for leaving chain saw parts in my yard after they left. And the cleanup could have been better. There was  too much loose debris after they left. That's how I get to four stars. I'd call 'em again.
5	I was given a most acceptable proposal for the removal of several old trees and many bushes on a property I had just purchased.  They were able to come in two days and complete the job in 6 or 7 hours, this included grinding the stumps. They were professional and completed the job to my great satisfaction, including the clean up.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I called four tree service places to get bids for removing a very large mesquite in our backyard. Conrad from Chip Off the Old Block came early the next day to give his estimate. He was courteous and recommended that as I got my other bids, to make sure that each company was fully insured as his was.His bid came in the lowest and he truly worked to get my business (without being forceful). So I agreed and within two days his company's crew came and took down this wildly overgrown tree within three hours. I was amazed at how they were able to scale the branches and bring down large sections of the tree without damaging the numerous plants that surrounded the mesquite tree.I was extremely pleased with all of their work, including the stump grinding. Everything about this company was professional, especially their timing. They were never late and their communication throughout the process was top-notch.Clean-up was excellent. I recommend Chip Off the Old Block without any hesitation.
4	I found Chip Off the Old Block on Angie's List and they had very good reviews there.I had some wind damage to some high limbs on  a mature sweet acacia.  The limbs looked like they could come down on my neighbors roof.  Someone came out within a few hours of calling them to give me an estimate and the crew showed up a few hours after that.They did have to take quite a bit of the upper limbs off to re-shape the tree after the broken limbs were removed but I'm confident everything will grow back and fill in.Good work, and they cleaned up so well that you'd have to notice that the tree was trimmed to even know they were here.
5	I needed a Sweet Acacia removed and a Palo Verde trimmed. The Sweet Acacia was shedding all over my yard and into my neighbors yard. Both trees were also dripping sap into my driveway and on any car that was parked under them. I contacted about 5 other companies. Conrad came out and gave me a  fair quote within the next day. I believed I called on a Wednesday and Conrad's team was able to come out to do the work on Saturday. There was only one other company that gave me a lower bid, but they put me at the bottom of their schedule on Friday. They failed to show up on time so I canceled on them. I decided to go with Conrad and his team. They did a fantastic job. It looks like the Sweet Acacia was never even there and on top of everything they cleaned my whole front yard. (My yard was NASTY before they came, and it looks great now.) I will definitely use Chip Off the Old Block again in the future!
5	Awesome service! Was out of state on business when my wife called me and told me a mesquite tree had blown down and fell on the house we just bought. I called and they had someone out within an hour and we live way out in the west valley. Removed tree, stump grinded, and removed a big pile of green waste I had been piling up on side of house. Prompt, professional, and clean work. Guys did a great job at an outstanding price. Can't recommend enough.
3	I'm really torn about this company and not sure if I'll use them again. Let me explain...I called from a mailer I received at a time that I was concerned with two Tipu trees. My mature front yard Tipu was drastically dropping leaves and my young Tipu in the backyard was leaning over really bad... looked like the tree was made of soft rubber. I tried staking them myself with stakes I bought but they didn't do much good. I was given a day and 4 hour window to have someone come out and survey the trees. Dante arrived as scheduled, was very friendly, professional and seemed very knowledgable. He found that my large Tipu in my front yard was being attacked by beetles which would require some sort of barrier and that it may also need deep fertilizing. The small, younger Tipu in my back yard needed larger bull stakes and strategic trimming to fix the lean. He quoted what I felt was a rather high amount but I figured I can do it right with an arborist or take my chances with a landscape company and possibly pay more in the end, so I chose Chip Off the Old Block.Dante scheduled the workers to arrive that Saturday. First, a crew of 5 arrived that Saturday but the gentleman who came to my door knew nothing about staking the small tree, only that they were to trim the tree. They spent about 4 minutes trimming and they were gone. A short time later, a gentleman arrived to deep fertilize the large tree. I asked him about the beetle protection, and he knew nothing about it. He was then gone within two minutes.I then received a call Monday from the company's billing person asking me to pay. I explained that all of the work had not yet been completed. She took the information and said she'd get people out to finish the job.Over the next couple days, someone came out to stake my small Tipu while I was at work (no notice of when they would arrive). Turns out they did stake the tree and did a great job but they took the stakes that I had purchased at a home improvement store. Only $15 for the two cedar stakes but why are they taking my property?? I then received a call later that day from someone saying they were at my house to take care of the beetle protection for the large tree. I can only assume they did something. When I arrived home, there was no evidence of anything being done but to be fair, I don't know if there would be. They said it was some kind of trenching... But I saw no change to the ground around the tree. For this, my tab was $225.I received another call for billing and when I told them my stakes had been taken from my property, the billing agent, a gentleman this time, asked me how much they cost me. I told him $15 which was true and he said, ok.. How about we take $10 off the bill? By this time, between the crews having to come out multiple times, receiving no notice of when those crews would return and having my property taken, I'm sitting there thinking why are you offering me $10 off for stakes that cost me $15? Do stakes depreciate in value once they leave the store? I could have used them on other, smaller plants or trees. Now it's just the principle at this point and it was actually a bit insulting. Service doesn't have to be perfect but fixing issues properly goes a long way with me. For what I paid for literally 10 minutes of work total between everything that was done... You be the judge.I wish I could have felt better about the service I received
5	This company is so easy to work with. They come on time and clean up really well. A guy is out there skimming my pool for fallen leaves right now. Had them last year and they are back working for me again. Their pricing is fair and they do a great job. I definitely highly recommend them!
4	These guys did a great job trimming our trees. The date palm really looks fantastic! They finished in a reasonable time and cleaned up their mess too. I would recommend them highly.
5	We have used Chip Off the Old Block twice now and both experiences have been great!They have removed a rather large (taller than the house) dead tree from our yard, trimmed our heavily over-burdened olive tree in the front, and most recently trimmed our 5 palm trees for us.The prices were reasonable both times and they have arrived as scheduled for both appointments and for the appointments to give quotes as well! I value a company that values our time as well!They have always given knowledgeable recommendations about the trees in our yard (when asked) and not been overly pushy to do work that we are not interested in having done.  I know that a lot of the trees in our yard need much more help--so I admire the fact that they have not tried to sell us on services that we are not currently interested in.  For us, and I'm sure for many, the real problem comes down to balancing our budget against what needs to be done in the yard.  We have big plans to continue trimming and improving the health of the plants in our yard; and anytime we are ready to have this work done we will certainly be calling on Chip Off the Old Block. They have not let us down yet. Reliable, trustworthy, and kind enough to work within our budget!Thanks to everyone who has worked in our yard! :-)
5	WOW - these folks are fantastic.  One of my trees looked really bad and was diagnosed as having a virus.  The next day, a crew was out to take it down.  It was down and removed within minutes and they followed up by grinding the stump.  All done very efficiently and with a clean-up that was fantastic.  A few weeks later I talked to them about what could be done to save my other trees. They recommended a deep fertilizing, which was completed a day after the discussion.  In the meantime, another small tree showed signs of the viral infection.  Due to it's size, we were able to take it down, but were left with an unsightly stump.  They came to my rescue again - the stump was ground and again, clean up was fantastic.  I would highly recommend Chip Off the Old Block!!!  And I wouldn't hesitate to call them again!!
5	Excellent work by Chip Off the Old Block!  I called them to have a tree removed that was broken by a storm.  The estimator came out within 3 hours and quoted me $425 to have it removed.  I agreed and the crew was onsite within 2 hours and had it done and cleaned up very well in about 30 minutes.  Another guy came by an hour later and removed the stump with a grinder.  Once again, quick work, excellent job, and good cleanup!  It was worth the money to have it taken care of quickly.
5	Our large ficus tree needed to be pruned and shaped and we received a coupon in the mail for chip off the old block and decided to call them. They weren't the cheapest quote we had received, but their estimate was very detailed and their arborist is very knowledgeable and friendly. We are very happy with the work on the tree and the crew cleaned up everything after they were done. The tree hasn't looked this good in years, Thanks again!
5	I found Chip Off the Old Block on Yelp a few weeks ago and hired them to have my pecan tree trimmed. This thing was totally overgrown and I just wasn't able to find the time to prune it, let alone do it correctly.They promptly returned my inquiry with a phone call and sent an arborist out to my home quickly to evaluate the tree for an estimate. After receiving estimates from a few other companies in the area, Chip Off the Old Block came in about $100-$150 cheaper and they were able to schedule a time to do the work faster than anyone else.Needless to say the tree looks fantastic, it was not over trimmed, and I couldn't be happier with my experience. I highly recommend these guys and will continue to use them in the future.
5	I have used this company twice. The first time was a few months ago for removing a tree in the back yard. The second time was just a few day ago trimming and pruning another tree in my front yard. I am very happy with their service both times. The whole process was always consistently easy and smooth. There service is really professional.  They are on time, do great work, and clean up nicely after the work done.I was so comfortable with their first service that for the second time, I don't even see the crew in person. The whole process was done on the phone. I called the office. They sent someone to do an estimate, The estimator called me and told me what needs to be done to the tree, when the crew would be out to perform the work, and the cost for doing the work.  The crew came out and did the work without me home. I came back to look at the work. The office called back the next day to ask me if I am happy with the work (yes I was) and took the payment. Another important note is that their price is very reasonable compare to other quotes I got from others.I am very happy with Chip Off The Old Block, and I will keep using them in the future.
5	** THESE ARE THE GUYS FOR YOUR TREE NEEDS!! **First time I used this company and the experience was great. I have a large tree that was in need of serious pruning as I could not get up that high into the tree. We had used a local service to take down a  Mesquite a few weeks earlier that had split in half in the front yard. We were overcharged because that guy knew we were desperate ($600.00)... AND he left me a mess of shavings!! Why I didn't think of Als - "We're your tree's pals" .... heard that radio spot for years. Had no idea they were still around and called Chip Off The Old Block - a friend referred them to me. Someone came right out, estimated the tree for 125.00 and did the best trimming and shaping of that tree that it ever had. Fast, efficient and cleaned everything up beautifully. Will use again and HIGHLY recommend this company. Just wish they did yard cleanup and lawn overseeding!
1	Bummer.  Based on other reviews, I had high hopes.  I would have liked to try out the service, but seems like they're having some challenges in the office.In essence - No Call.  No Show.  Called to request an estimate on a Monday morning (after getting no response for 3 days after filling out their web contact form).  It was easy and pleasant enough.  We set an appointment for Thursday between 2-5p.  So far, so good.A couple hours later I see I have a missed call from the Chip-Off-the-Old-Block office.  No message.  So, I call back and give them my name.  They ask if I have a trimming that day or something... general confusion.  I talk to  2 separate people and what seemed to be a manager, who then confirmed my address and time for Thursday.  OK.  Odd, but still fine.After rearranging my afternoon on Thursday, I wait... and wait... and wait...  Nothing.  No call.  No show.  I'm thinking, "Did I give them wrong information?", but then I realize, no, they definitely have my # (they called me before) and they reconfirmed my address...  I'm sure I must have slipped through the cracks or been dropped in some kind of administrative snafu -  or maybe they were just too busy.  Your mileage may vary, but it's like going into a retail store - if they don't have time for you, might as well shop somewhere else.
4	Great service, thorough clean up job, skilled climbers. Chip did a good job on our huge Aleppo pine. We will definitely use Chip again for our mulberries and citrus.
