1	If your kid brother threw on a chef's hat to play "Chinese Restaurant" for a day, this is what it would be like.  The fried rice looks and tastes like regular rice with a splash of soy sauce and a package of frozen vegetables mixed in.  The stuffing in the spring rolls is unidentifiable.  The potstickers are a bready glob.  The sweet and sour chicken and sesame chicken are both dry and chewy.  I can't imagine any of the more complicated dishes being better since the simple ones fell flat.  Which is why this restaurant gets a "No!"
3	I thought Taipei express was pretty damn good.  The shrimp in the Shrimp Lo Mien were plump and nicely browned, and there were plenty in my order.  The Sesame Chicken was juicy and the sauce was sweet and tangy.  I did not eat too much of the browned rice, but the chicken wings were crunchy, salty, meaty and tasty, especially with a splash of mustard and duck sauce.  The dumplings were massive, the biggest I've ever seen.  They were a little doughy, but the pork inside was nicely seasoned, and the sauce was delicious.  The orders were large as well.  I ate my fill last night, and still had enough Lo Mien left to have a nice sized lunch today.  For the money I'd say Taipei Express is a great deal, true its not gourmet, but it is good... the portions are large and the prices are reasonable.  I have to disagree with Jason L. on this one and give Taipei Express a thumbs up, try it for yourself, and let us know what you think.
1	Gross...that's pretty much all I have to say about it.  The lo mein was actually chow mein, which seems to have become a trend for Charlotte Chinese food.  The egg roll was dry and I had no clue what was actually inside it.  They use styrofoam plates and plastic utensils, so definitely not enviro friendly.  It may be cheap, but there is a reason for that.
3	Charlotte isn't really known for its stellar ethnic food, but Taipei Express is good, solid Chinese food - nothing spectacular but a good meal for takeout or a quick lunch. I like Taipei Express's pork fried rice and Mongolian beef. For takeout, you can call ahead, but even if you go in and order, your food will be ready quickly.
5	Taipei Express, if anyone isn't aware, is owned by the same family that owns Taipei South down on Park Road as well as House of Taipei in Huntersville. This is also the same family that got their start as the Great Wall of China over in the University area until they changed their name. To make a long story short, my family has been frequenting these restaurants ever since I was 8 years old. To this day, I have NEVER found a chinese restaurant that makes a better Sacha Chicken or Egg Roll. I love the Taipei restaurants. I love them!
3	I want to say that I've been to Taipei Express before, but I think I would have remembered it.  Maybe I just thought about going.  Whatever the case, their sanitation score has dropped slightly - they are now at 97.5!  Naturally, they can take classes, so it might be slightly lower than that in reality.  But the place is clean.  It's actually really nice looking.  They even have a cool motion-activated water dispenser.  I don't know if that affects the food or not, but it's pretty neat.The food is handed to you in a to-go clamshell, even if you ask for it to stay.  But that's not a big deal.  The real problem is that it's hot.  Not spicy hot, but hot from the grill.  It's probably better than not being hot, but it's just burning!  I had to sit and wait for ten minutes just to let it cool enough to be able to eat the stuff.I'll also agree with others who said that the food was fairly indistinguishable.  Nothing much to it, really.  Not bad, not good.  Just there.  And lots and lots of sauce, which can mask just about anything - good or bad.  That, coupled with the hotness, was not necessarily a good thing.  It could go either way.  At least I scored two fortunes in my cookie.
1	we got food poisoning here - egg drop soup.  in addition to being contaminated, the food was poorly prepared and tasted terrible.  i am amazed that some people reviewed this place favorably.
5	If you're looking for good Chinese food, it really doesn't get any better than this.  I get disappointed if I even think about ordering my Chicken w/ Broccoli from anywhere else.  As an avid fan of spicy food, it's tough to find any place in town that will satisfy my craving for heat.  If you tell Taipei Express to make it "very spicy", they actually make it very spicy!  Imagine that!  The place itself is relatively small, with very little parking.  The perfect take-out place--but if you're looking for a formal dining experience, this ain't it.
5	When I first moved to Charlotte two years ago, I didn't really know where to get good Chinese, and with some great Indian and Thai that I had found, I was able to satisfy my spicy Asian jones.But then I was introduced to Taipei Express by some friends with more CLT experience, and really, I haven't found a better quick dine-in/carry-out place better. I mean Fortune Cookie was OK because it's cheaper, but paying a little extra really pays off at TE.They give you huge portions, enough for a dinner and a following lunch. The appetizers and soups are all outstanding. Any kind of the chicken specialties are winners, but what really impresses me is any dish with shrimp or scallops on the spicy side. They give you a lot  of tasty pieces, and I also love the option of getting brown rice on the side instead.Their dinners will cost just about $8-10, and if you're sharing, even less. That makes their heaping lunch specials super awesome.I like the Taiwanese-Northern Chinese style of cuisine, and this comes through. Only thing is, it's got a really small dining area and an even smaller parking lot out front. So it's best for a lunch run from the office or a quick grab of a big meal on the way home from work.
5	I eat at this restaurant at least twice a week.This is the best asian fast food restaurant in town.  I love everything that I order there.  I am picky and like to leave out certain vegetables or change the sauce or alter the spiciness.  I have been able to do so and pleased with the outcome every single time.  In the hundred or so times I have been to Taipei Express (no joke) I have never had a bad experience. I wish there was room for them to expand and build an addition, but there isn't.  Also, parking is hard to come by.  I always park in the next door lot, even though it says office parking only.  To date I've never been towed.  Also, little know secret, there is parking directly behind the building...but only about four extra spaces.  All in all, I am in love with Taipei Express.  MMM!
3	Pretty good and pretty fast! They give good portions and enough for left-overs. The space is pretty small, but you can dine-in. When I was there they stayed very busy and it seemed like a lot of people order-to-go. If you want the chili in oil, you will have to ask. I enjoyed the veggie lo mein and would be happy to go try more.The parking directly in front of the building is limited. I think there is more parking next door (another shopping area). The woman who took my order seemed friendly and the staff was concentrating on making order after order. They seem to have a good groove going!
4	i love this place, its my go to on sunday for chilling out on the couch before work on monday.  crispy scallion chicken extra extra hot with brown rice is my favorite.  pork fried dumplings are also really good and so are the spring rolls.  very consistent, very fast, and they have an extremely nice staff.
5	Taipei Express is the best takeout Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. They are very fast, friendly and cheap! Lunch specials run between $5-7 and are generous proportions while dinners are between $7-9 and could feed two. As for the food quality, this is my favorite Chinese food around. The crab rangoon is almost sweet enough to be a desert. If you come often enough you will likely see me sneaking out with some take out.
4	This place only loses one star for it's tiny dining room and severe lack of parking.The food is excellent. It certainly doesn't taste like your standard "carryout Chinese food" but more on the gourmet side.Your pal,Walter
3	Might be the best value in Charlotte.  For about $8 you get your choice of Chinese dish, rice, egg-roll and a fountain drink.  Pretty decent bargain.The food is good, not fantastic let's face it.  I'd recommend the General's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and the Pork w Garlic Sauce.  I'd also stay away from the Sweet and Sour stuff - they mix it in for you, so you can't control the sauce to meat ration - bleh.It's not the best Chinese food I've eaten, but then again, I've eaten a bunch of meals in China.  I would however come back and will continue to frequent the place.
1	AWful. Worst food I have had in a long time. Every part of it was terrible. Two apps and two entrees, all really bad.
4	Taipei, Taiwan, is my hometown, so it's a shame that I drove past Taipei Express several times and never dropped in until now.I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, and I must say to my surprise, it tasted amazing, if not better than P.F. Chang's! Definitely not your typical "carryout Chinese food". The size of the portions are very generous, and I could only eat half of the plate, which meant great leftovers.The staff was really nice, and I noticed that the dining space was very well maintained. The restaurant was very clean with comfortable seating areas unlike other Chinese restaurants. It's definitely worth ones time to stop by.
4	OK, OK... I'm giving a Chinese takeout a 4 but pay attention why...1. Very fast and efficient service... when the belly begs for food they are ready!2. The food is pretty darn good... the string beans are fresh and perfectly cooked, the tofu nicely browned (NOT mushy), sauces are AOK but just that.3. I wouldn't go there to eat in their lil' eating area but it says EXPRESS on the sign!!! 4. The real reason for a "4"? I'll be back there every time I want quick Chinese... there!
4	Hunan Chicken close to 4 stars (I said close)!  Quality is a little better than most "FAST" food Chinese!Fried Rice ok, almost 3 starsDude running this place is great, very polite and they are fast!  Small Dinning Room 28 seats!  Bigger than I thought, I did not remember any Tables, though I bet they have always been there!Outside two tables (6 seats)... No Shade, nor protection from Elements, though it would be a little work for a car to Run over you on this side (hardy-a-Patio) Tiny Parking lot 6 slots in front (Providence Road) hard to get in and out if you are going the wrong way at busy traffic times...  A few spots for Parking in the back though I do NOT recommend it!!! If you or your car slip (quite a slope) you could be in a Lot of trouble!  THINK before you Park! ! !  Forget Parking in the Lot beside Taipei unless you want to get TOWED ! ! !I think they are pretty serious about it!  Side Lot is Supposed to be ok to park  on Sunday, because all the businesses for that lot are Closed on Sunday!  Better Check!  You do NOT want to be Towed (I'm Guessing)!
2	It was okay. The server at the counter was more concerned with the call-in orders, which I guess is more common at this location due to the small amount of tables, but disappointing. It took me over 5 minutes to place my order. After being seated, with no one else there, I retrieved my order and was satisfied, but not impressed. The meal was very greasy & the rice and egg roll were so over-cooked. Won't bother again.
3	Taipai is incredibly fast and definitely a worthy contender for our future takeout orders. We ordered the orange chicken and the general chicken. Both were listed as spicy on the menu, but we added chili pepper sauce and pepper to amp up the hotness. We agree with the other reviewers and would say this is a step up from standard takeout. Is it the best we've ever had? Not quite, but quite tasty.
5	The best Chinese takeout I've ever had. Consistently fresh, cooked to perfection, flavorful takeaway. Great service, never messed up an order...that's that.
4	It seems like this place is always the lunch option for me and my coworker. The staff is very friendly and welcoming and the food is excellent.
5	This is my go to chinese restaurant! I love the spicy mixed vegetables and the sweet and sour chicken. ITS REALLY CHICKEN TOO! lolcleanfriendly servicethe cooks in the back are weird, they stare!
1	Whaaaat the heck!? All of there meat is shredded into a shape that's no longer recognizable...no wait, that's only half the time. That's pretty much the story with this place, half the time it's decent, half the time it's the worst Chinese food I've ever had. I've had it--I will not eat here again.
5	Our go to Chinese restaurant in the city. Great food, great service and super fast. Our favorite dishes are the ginger chicken, beef and broccoli and garlic chicken. Also they have top notch egg rolls. We've tried most everything on the menu and it's almost all outstanding. Each dish with its own unique flavor. The only "downside" is the fried rice...just a little too bland for my liking. Most of their business is take out though they do have a small seating area you can eat in at. The parking lot is very tiny and can be dicey getting out of because it's right on Providence. The owners are always working and very friendly. Great staff overall who always have smiles on their faces.
4	Chinese take out ... Out of 5 places I've tried here ... I would definitely entertain another trip there. The lunch prices are great. I tried the pepper steak and onions lunch combo ( I chose fried rice and the egg roll). The egg roll was so yummy and crispy, not greasy at all :). The fried rice was okay...  But with some duck sauce made it better. My bf got the dinner special sesame chicken with fried rice. He enjoyed the chicken, but had the same thoughts about the rice. Also ordered egg drop soup and the crab rangoons ... And rangoons were deliicous... Would definitely get them again.
