4	I stayed at this hotel a couple of months ago. The staff was friendly and the accommodations were clean. I would have given it five stars except for there was a slightly musty smell. The hot breakfast was also nice!
4	Just gonna get this out of the way - this Hampton Inn is old.  The building is aging.  The rooms are showing wear.  It's not dirty... but if you're expecting new furniture and modern design, best to look elsewhere.The location is fantastic.  Highway 143 ends right next to the hotel and there is incredibly easy access to I-10, both North and South.  Getting to the airport is equally easy.  There isn't much nearby in walking distance - there is a strip mall about a block away from some food and shopping and, if you're an Anaheim Angels fan, their Spring Training stadium Tempe Diablo is a pretty easy 15-20 minute walk away.The parking situation on site is iffy, but the way the hotel is shaped (into a L), there are three entrances, so if you park to the entrance closest to your room, it breaks up the parking crowding.  Be warned, though, that the elevators are all at the corner of the L.The rooms are pretty spartan, but clean.  LCD TVs in each room, which are not locked out so you can plug in a game console or other entertainment device via HDMI.  None of the stations are in HD, however  Work desk, minifridge, microwave.  The in-hotel Wi-Fi was on the slower side - 0.4Mb/s down, roughly the same up - and the signal for both Verizon and AT&T were fussy and affected by the proximity to traffic on I-10, especially at rush hours.The complimentary breakfast is more of the same, but the seating area is small on busy mornings, I had to take my food back to the room.  Food options are the 3 hot food items (usually some sort of entree paired with some combination of sausage, bacon, eggs, or potatoes).  Waffle station, toast/bagels, yoghurt, juice machine, hard-boiled eggs... if you've done breakfast at Hampton, you know what you're in for.Overall, it's a perfectly fine hotel.  It's further from downtown Phoenix, it's older, and it's not in the greatest area, so rates tend to be on the lower side.  Staff here is largely friendly and helpful.  For what it is and it's proximity to areas east and south of Phoenix, it's a solid place to stay while in town.
5	Some relatives checked in here from to east coast on Wed.night.Staff very genuine and welcoming.Interior lobby comfortable and the guest rooms laid out well and spotless.Here's aHUGE perk though.They have a courtesy van that operates 24/7 and will take you to local resturants and bars and then you call and they pick you back up!!!This is a FREE service.So,we asked for the van to take us to a resturant at 11 pm on a Wednesday night,we had 9 people and within minutes we were whisked away to a family friendly dining option that was open till 2 am.Perfect!When were were done at 12:30 am,we called for the van and it was back for us in less than 5 minutes.The driver,ever patient and congenial even amongst the chaos of disoriented and over tired jet lagged family members and 4 small children,even took the time to suggest he get a few pics for us with our various cameras.I will recommend this place to folks coming into town and need to be close to the airport.
4	Decent hotel. It is currently going under renovations to become a country inn and suites. Awesome breakfast, the breakfast included the normal cereal and bagels, but also waffles, and eggs, hash-browns etc. really impressed. The rooms were clean and staff friendly. The shower drain was really slow and would fill up with water as you showered, but that would be my only real issue with this hotel.
