5	The owner, Steve, is very customer-service focused.  He is very pleasant to work with and his carpet and upholstery cleaning is phenomenal!  I am a repeat customer because he does such a great job at a reasonable price.
5	Steve is the best.  We have mutlitpe dogs and cats and the things he was able to do with our furniture and carpet was truly amazing.  I won't ever use another service besides Carpet Star.  I highly recommend him.
5	I am a repeat customer and highly recommend Steve.  He will work with you to give you the best price.  Give him a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	I needed my tile and grout cleaned and sealed, and luckily, I found Carpet Star.  Steve did a great job on our grungy ceramic tile and white grout.  Compared to other companies that I called, his prices were very reasonable.  He arrived on time on the day of the cleaning, and the price was exactly what he quoted me on the phone.I was impressed with his attention to detail, and he was able to get the grout cleaner than I had expected.  He also sealed the tile and grout for me.  I will definitely use him again for any tile or carpet services that I need.   Oh, and I appreciated that he followed up a few days later with a phone call to ensure that I was satisfied with the cleaning.
5	WOW....Thats the best way to describe this company!!!   The owner, Steve, knows more about carpet cleaning than all 3 of the previous companies I had at my house combined. After talking with steve I never once doubted his professionalism. Don't fall for the $59 dollar special from some of those other companies like I did. The carpets will look terrible in 2 weeks. If you want someone in your house you can trust call Steve.  I had him clean 3 rooms and the carpets look brand new.  My neighbor is having him out next week after I raved about his work.  Do yourself a favor call a pro and you'll be happy in the end. I may have him come out next month and do my tile after reading some of these other reviews.
5	I had known about Steve and Carpet Star for several years and used him when I first moved into my home to clean the carpets. His prices were great! He showed up as scheduled and left my home in great condition.Recently, I decided to get my living room couch, chair and ottoman cleaned and asked Steve if he could handle that. He said he could and quoted me what I thought to be a very fair price. He arrived as scheduled and really did a great job cleaning my furniture. I should mention that I have two huge Golden Retreivers who use the couch and chair as their personal shedding areas. Steve got all the hair off.  He was also able to remove some candle wax from a cushion that had been there for years.I really reccommend Steve and Carpet Star. They're work is exceptional, fairly priced, and easy to work with.I need to add that a few days after Steve cleaned my furnitu43, my dogs managed to open a bottle of cranberry juice on the ottoman. I called Steve to come clean it again, fully expecting to pay for his services.  After all, it was my crazy dog that figured out how to open a bottle. Anyway, Steve came over and re-cleaned the ottoman AT NO CHARGE.  That's GREAT service.
5	I needed to get my tile and carpet cleaned and heard about Carpet Star here on Yelp.  With the high rating, I thought I would give them a try.  Boy I'm glad I did!  Steve was very nice on the phone and came to my house on time when he said he would.  He did an amazing job on the tile grout!  It looks 100 times better than ever before.  I really can't believe how clean it got, since the color was black and now it's bright white.  Looks like a new floor, amazing!  Then I had Steve clean a few rooms off our kitchen and dining room.  It smells very nice and I can tell he spent some time going over a few spots that needed some extra attention.  I can't tell you how happy I am for using Carpet Star and I would highly recommend them for any tile and carpet cleaning.  I'm one happy customer!  Thanks Steve!
5	Carpet Star does a first rate job - carpets always come out clean and prices are reasonable.  I have used Carpet Star for years and have always been very satisfied.  As a realtor, I often refer Carpet Star to clients as well and always hear positive feedback. They have even cleaned the carpet in my car and it turned out great.  If you want integrity, great quality service and fantastic results - I would definately contact Carpet Star for any carpet, tile, or upholstery cleaning needs.
5	Had Steve out again to do the tile and as expected the tile came out flawless.   Tile or carpet problems?  Call and talk to Steve at Carpet Star!!!
5	Called Steve to clean tile and grout on first floor of home I bought.  He was courteous, prompt and gave an up front estimate.  Tile came out great! Looks like a different floor!  Highly recommend.
5	Had Steve out to my rental to have the carpets done. He was very punctual, very professional. The previous renter had left a TON of really bad pet stains and Steve was able to get them all out. I was shocked that the carpets looked BRAND NEW after he was finished. Thank you so much STEVE! Fantastic work!
5	Carpet Star is all you could want from a carpet cleaning service. They are prompt, thorough, and efficient. .Steve spent the time to spot and prep the carpet, even finding spots I hadn't noticed. The carpets looked great when he was finished.
5	I am so happy to make this my first-ever Yelp review as Steve at Carpet Star is my favorite service provider. The first time I hired Steve with Carpet Star I took a chance off a flyer left on my door 8 years ago ... and I've used him twice a year ever since!  Steve is always on time, always very professional, thorough and at very reasonable rates. He always manages to make my carpets look like new (despite the fact they are a light cream color and I have two cats & a dog -- that's how good he is at what he does). There's never any need to worry about what technician is going to show up; Steve's a one-man business and I highly recommend him.
5	All I can say is Steve is fantastic and extremely knowledgeable. You couldn't ask for a nicer person. I initially called him because we had a hot water heater leak and flood our bedroom carpet. We thought that maybe he could possibly come out and use professional equipment to extract the water. He took the time to speak to my husband and explain in detail what we needed to do if we wanted to try and do this ourselves. Apparently it's not as easy as just extracting the water.He explained  all of our alternatives in detail to us. Mind you he's not making a cent doing this and he very well could've offered to come out and try to remove the water. If we ever are in need of having our carpets cleaned he would definitely be the first one we call.
5	Steve did an excellent job with some very soiled carpet in my vacation home in AZ.  He was able to accommodate my schedule and was very prompt.He is very knowledgeable about cleaning carpets and he helped guide me through the process of deciding what to clean and why.I really appreciated his expertise and the level of service he provided.I would highly recommend Carpet Star AZ.
5	We had Carpet Star come out to clean our tile/grout in our rental home. The grout was literally black from all the renters that have come through out home.  Steve cleaned the grout and even he was surprised at what the original color of the grout was after he cleaned it. He did an excellent job and made sure everything was to our satisfaction. We will definitely use him again.
5	Steve did a great job cleaning my sectional couch in my condo! He offers affordable high quality work, while being very knowledgable. Very happy with Carpet Star Az and I would recommend Steve's work to anyone looking for their carpet or couches to be cleaned!
5	Had to give Steve another call as my dogs spilled an entire cup of coffee onto my new sofa. As usual Steve answered my call promptly and courteously and made an appointment for that very afternoon to come over and help clean my couch. Steve brought his nice truck into my driveway and brought in some equipment that he uses to extract out all the liquid from any porous material. Once again Steve's personality and professionalism outshined all other carpet and upholstery cleaners I have ever used in the Scottsdale area. My couch is now like new, no longer smells like coffee, and my dogs are (if you'll forgive the pun), out of the doghouse. Make a point of calling Steve at Carpet Star Arizona. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Reliable, efficient, affordable. He always does a great job on my carpets. I wouldn't use anyone else.
5	My husband and I were referred to Carpet Star from two friends.  We were moving out of a rental and wanted to leave the home in perfect shape.  Carpet Star was reliable, affordable and did a superior job!!!   The carpet looked brand new, better than when we had moved in.  We got our full deposit back from the home owner.  In the days following, Steve called to ensure our satisfaction with his work.  Carpet Star was far superior to any carpet cleaner we had in the past.   I highly recommend!
5	I am beyond impressed with our carpets. Steve came out on Friday and I got nervous at first because he looked so professional and dressed up that I thought he would only give me a quote and then clean a different day. I was wrong! He was honest about what he thought was the best option, even when he could have made more $ telling us otherwise. He worked fast and cleaned our 850 SQ ft of carpeted space within 2.5 hours. The carpets look so much better than I thought they could. His prices are totally fair and he gives you options and doesn't push for upsells.I would definitely recommend Steve!
5	I've been using Steve of Carpet Star AZ for my 10 years of residency in Arizona. I own 3 properties throughout Metro-Phoenix (Scottsdale and Tempe), and I have never seen an inidividual put in more time, effort, and care into a service, or product in my life.Steve provides a wide range of services from tile and carpet cleaning that makes it extremely easy for an extremely busy individual like myself. Being a busy businessman, it is paramount for me to be able to trust and have faith in an individual to be in my house while I am away, not to mention to do a thorough and meticulous job. I am writing this review because I was tired of all the other carpet cleaning scumbags out there, that do worse work than my unborn fetus can do and the price they charge is atrocious. As a commercial real estate broker, I take pride in offering my clients superior service, unparalleled results, and an integrity that has never wavered. Steve of Carpet Star AZ embodies all of those characteristics, and then some. I will continue to use Steve for all my work.....and DO NOT use any other cleaning services that I used many years ago....Steve of Carpet Star AZ is nothing short of what his business dictates....he is a star in the business.
5	We recently had Carpet Star come out to clean all of our carpets. We were grateful that Steve spent some good time working to really clean the carpet. His effort lead to really clean and fresh carpet for my family to lay down on and enjoy.  I also really appreciated the humble and kind business man that he was.  He offers a quality service at very reasonable price. He also leaves shoe covers for the family and gave me a follow up call to see if I needed any touch ups once the carpet had dried. I would definitely refer this company again.
5	I found Carpet Star on Yelp and everything was great, just like the reviews! Steve was awesome. Super honest and got a red wine stain out of a tan chair.
5	Needed my carpets cleaned before I moved into my new condo. Called Steve based on the reviews on Yelp. He showed up on time, and was able to make the dingy off-white carpets look newer again. I would recommend Carpet Star to anyone looking for a first rate job. Definitely will be calling Steve next time when I need another cleaning.
5	Steve cleaned my old white tile and grout - and it sparkles! It had not been cleaned for many years - he made it look like new. Great service at a reasonable cost....I highly recommend that you call him!
