1	I decided to eat at Tsunami because a group of my friends were going and I really had two choices: suck it up or stay at home. I ordered an array of sushi because I was starving and quite a few rolls sounded pretty good. Boy was I wrong. Out of about six rolls, the bagel roll was the only one that I actually enjoyed. This is only because it was smothered in eel sauce which I could probably eat with a spoon, its so delicious. Each roll was either too saucy or the fish did not taste fresh. The service was also pretty crappy and the crowd was lacking, that's being nice. I would not recommend to someone I consider a friend.
4	I have eaten at Tsunami about 10 times.  I can say that I've had a great experience most of the time.  The food is great and they usually is so much food that you will have to take it home.  If you go to the hibachi, the cooks are really great and fun.  My 2yr old loves the show.   I must say that the last two times that I have gone there, one of the cooks probably had a bad day and was very serious and wasn't a lot of fun.  He also forgot to add one of the orders in his tray.  And because he rushed he didn't cook the veggies really well.  The other time, they really didn't give much food.  It was enough to fill your tummy but not enough to take some home like usual.  But for the most part, it's a great restaurant.
5	I love Japanese food and sushi and this is definately the place to go if you want your money's worth! Ever sine I moved to the South side of Charlotte I have not gone there and I miss it!Their hibachi dishes are decently price and you get tons of food for your money! Their sushi menu is also decently price and is very good also. I also have not had issues w/ service since I've been there.I pick Tsunami over Nakato any day! Definately my favorite Japanse Steakhouse in the Charlotte area for the price!
2	I found Tsunami to be a bit of a let-down.  I've passed by it a dozen times and it always seems to be full, so I assumed it had to be all that and a bag'a chips.  Incorrect.  Chose Tsunami to meet up with a friend that I haven't seen since high school & catch up on old times (where did the years go; are we really 30-something now?!).  She wanted sushi & works in the Concord Mills area, and I was in the mood for Japanese...since neither of us had been here I thought this might just be the spot to chat & satisfy both appetites.  The company was better than the food.The location, for me, leaves a lot to be desired.  Nestled in between a giant Harley Davidson store and biker bar/restaurant (SO not my scene or "comfort zone" if you will), parking is VERY limited and tends to spill over into any place one can find asphalt, especially at night.  The interior was very blah; really yawn-inducing.  I had just assumed it was nicer than that with more of a "sit down restaurant feel" if that makes sense. While there's plenty of seating, it still gives off that "express Japanese" vibe.  But now I'm rambling...My friend ordered a dragon roll ($11) and it was actually pretty good, although she wasn't that crazy about it.  I had my usual chicken/shrimp combo ($12) with clear onion soup (pretty standard but still good).  I liked that they had no problem subbing out the mushrooms for zucchini & onion.  I think that was an addt'l $1.50 though since Z&O is technically one of their side items.  I asked for a water but was brought a sweet tea. Decided to forego my new healthy habit & keep it - was a bit sweet, but not too bad.  I would rate the food (including dipping sauces) as mediocre at best.  It was palatable, but nothing to tweet about! :)   Pricing is pretty standard and portion sizes leave you with a full belly.Service was good for the most part.  My friend is a waitress part-time so she notices a lot of 'little' things with servers.  Their straws are WRAPPED, but he UNwrapped ours and put them in our glasses before bringing them to us.  She asked for a new straw (don't want your hands all over something that I have to stick in my mouth, ya know?!).  He went over, grabbed two new ones, again UNwrapped them, and brought them over to us.  Finally had that rectified.  He also goofed up our tickets, but quickly apologized and corrected w/o hesitation.   I will say that we sat there catching up for 2+ hours, so we could have easily gotten on his nerves.  Then again, there were only two other occupied tables the entire time we were there.   He did come by often to check on us & refill our drinks; helpful without being 'hover-y' or acting like we were there too long.  And yes, we did compensate him well for his time!  Oh, and he was also very helpful when it came to sushi selection/suggestions.All in all, I have no desire to return to Tsunami.  It's a fairly decent option in the Concord Mills area if you're really Jonesin' for Japanese and if I was with someone else that wanted to go, then fine; otherwise I can cross it off my list.  Just glad the company was delightful!
1	So I have never written a poor review before but I am overwhelmingly upset with the level of professionalism and care that they took that went from disturbing our meal to ruining our afternoon.So to begin with we were seated almost immediately with a pretty empty hibachi area. This was not the first time eating here. Everyone was pleasant and I was expecting a good meal. The problems started immediately beginning with our incompetent cook. I am of the belief that eating at a hibachi place is 66% food and 33% presentation. A large part of the experience is the show. Within the 25 minutes of serving us, our cook flung hot butter on me, messed up both my wife's and my friends order, and burned the vegetables thoroughly, and messed up every attempted trick. Overall the food was bad and I was not happy with the service. I spoke first with the kitchen manager about it letting him know what happened and he was pleasant enough about it. I told him that this was definitely not worth the price and we were not happy with both the service and the food. He proceeded to tell me that he could do nothing to help me and I would be waiting for the manager. We waiting now for 20-30 more minutes and finished the rice and meat that was provided. Meanwhile the other table was cleaned using excessive amounts of cleaning spray making my sensitive wife almost choke at the chemical smell and taste in the air. No one came out to see us or ask our concern. Any goodwill from me that the kitchen manager tried to develop was gone. I went looking for the manager myself extremely upset that they would give us the run around. I did lose my cool, but most people would be in this situation.When I finally talked to her she claimed that she had been talking to other customers and felt that it would be rude to leave them and come find my problem. She proceeded to tell me that all the things I encountered were my fault and I was overreacting. At this point I started to lose it and blatantly asked her if this was a mcdonalds or does she actually think shes offering a better dining experience than this. She said that the 'food was good' (huh how would she know?) and they ' did not use heavy cleaning chemicals on their tables'. Then she had the most audacity to tell me that "sometimes butter flies off the food. now if you were on fire or seriously injured then we might want to help you" Honestly, for sake of preserving human life I stormed out of there as quickly as possible with 0 tip on the receipt.Honestly I don't really blame the cook that much. I hate that they would be training him on our dime when he makes crap food but that happens sometimes. I am just so disgusted by the tone at the top of this small restaurant. They think that their customers are expendable and they refuse to acknowledge that their might be a problem with their management style and/or training procedures. This is not the place you want to take your family. There are so many many competitors in that area (Kobe, Ichiban, etc) that will have managers that will 100% respect you and understand the value of customer loyalty. If you eat there you will most likely not have the clusterfuck of a meal that I had, but I would not recommend taking the chance. Good luck and good eating!
1	Appetizers are half price on Wednesday night. Aside from that nothing special about this place. Very generic. The food are cooked the same way whether it'd be chicken, beef or seafood. Everything is soy sauce based. No differentiation at all. Just the menu name is different, the taste? Nah! There were flies flying. In fact, we went there twice hoping that we may have had a bad time the first time we went there but to no avail the same old flies (most probably) were swarming on us. The same generic food. We ordered the same food that we ordered previously and, yes it was cooked differently maybe they want to differentiate it or just plain lack of consistency. Forget this restaurant.
1	We went here for a late lunch/early dinner because Yama's down the street doesnt open until 5pm. First, the waiter snatched the paper sushi menu from right under my nose while I was reading it, so he could write my husband's order on it! We ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer-- it came out as 4 large 4 x 4 inch pieces!  So, we waited patiently and asked for appetizer plates and knives to cut it up into edible pieces, but after all the trouble the batter fell off and we were just left with the largest pieces of calamari I've ever seen. My udon noodle soup was 70% broth and 30 % udon noodles and was nothing special, and my husbands' teriyaki chicken plate with fried rice was just "okay." Tasted like mall/ food court food--well maybe mall food is a little better :)
3	This was not my first visit to Tsunami, but my first time not sitting around the grill watching my food being prepared, and I was not impressed with the meal served from the kitchen.  I'm not sure if it was just not freshly prepared or exactly what the difference was, but my rice was dry the teriyaki chicken did not have a lot of flavor and the broccoli had definitely seen better days.  I have always had wonderful food and service at prior visits and I hope this time was just a fluke, but I will definitely eat at the grill in future visits!  Service was good, glasses never got empty, and we had several requests for this or that and they were all granted with a smile.  I might could give Tsunami a 3.5, but I'll wait until my next visit and update with a (hopefully) better review instead.  Overall, not a terrible meal, plenty of leftovers for lunch and service was good, so I would return based on that.  Nice quiet spot for supper and conversation and many around us ordered sushi, though it's not something I eat.
4	Went to Tsunami for the first time for a Bachelorette dinner because it was near a bar we wanted to go to after. We decided to do a Hibachi dinner but if you opt for a regular dinner off the menu you can sit in tables toward the front of the restaurant. We had our own table across from a few families already enjoying their Hibachi show.Our chef's name was Daniel and he and all the staff went out of their way to make our Bachelorette feel special. The bartender came over at one point and asked if she and a friend would like a shot "on the house." He brought over two oatmeal cookie shots that were delicious. 5 of us ordered off the Hibachi menu with assorted combinations of chicken, and steak, and 2 friends ordered off the sushi menu. With the Hibachi dinner you started with the onion soup, salad, and a shrimp appetizer. We were all given large portions of rice before getting to the meat. Everything we tasted was very good and we would all go back for more. At the end of our meal the Bachelorette was given a free slice of cheesecake to add to our celebration. We couldn't thank them enough for helping to make our occasion even more special.The prices are pretty comparable to others, my steak and chicken hibachi combo was $16.95 which seems to be the norm. The only reason for 4 out of 5 stars is just a decor issue. If the appearance was better especially at the entrance if would really help the physical look match the taste of the food and the friendliness of the staff.
5	the sushi is very good.  the drinks are very good.  the service is excellent.
2	Decent Japanese food. Pretty much crappy service the last 3 or 4 times I've been there. Too bad.
3	Went here last night for dinner and the place was packed. More so than a regular sushi joint on a Monday night. I was kind of put off by the lack of decor and the whiteness of the staff..just not something you expect when going to a Japanese steakhouse. Just a heads up to those penny -pinchers... this place has buy 2 rolls get one roll free on monday/tuesday nights but only on select basic rolls.  I will say the prices are rather reasonable 5.50 for basic rolls and for specialty rolls 10-15 dollars depending on ingredients. I was actually disappointed at the pricing back at school all of the sushi places are buy one get one free on all rolls (granted the cheapest ones are the ones comped). Anyhow back to Tsunami...the service was mediocre..our waitress took over 20 minutes to pick up our sushi order sheet. Then the wait for our 7 rolls was about 40 minutes. To me 40 minutes is just way too long after a 20 minute wait..that is an hour in a joint with no food! The sushi was decent for what it was but honestly the fish wasn't the highest quality. If you are looking for a good sushi place in the area head over to Taiyo in University City or Ishi.Basically: Pros: - cheap sushi- decent dealsCons: - slow service-medium quality fish (not something you want to look over to save a few dollars)-terrible decor-overcrowded and close seating arrangements.
4	We like this place. We've been here a few times and i guess we're lucky that its not crowded. We only stop in for sushi so we cant comment on the food. We always sit at the sushi bar and the service is friendly and promt. They're rolls are fresh and yummy but we dont go that often because our favorite sushi in the area is just down the road. Quiet relaxing atmosphere if you go at the right time.
5	We opted out of the Hibachi and experienced the Sushi Bar.  Very creative menu with a large selection of unique rolls.  Overall everything tasted fresh and well prepared, my only gripe beng that the squid salad was mediocre.  We happen to come on a Monday in which you get buy 2 rolls get one free.  Service was very friendly and helpful with giving us their honest opinions of the menu.  I would recommend to anyone in the area of if you happen to be driving by like we were.  Right off the exit in NC and worth a stop in for a bite!
2	I've eaten at this place so many times I have lost count.  To be quite honest it used to be pretty good, but the last couple of times that I've been, the food and service was pretty poor.  In my opinion, if you are down by Concord Mills and are in the mood for Asian cuisine, go to Yama
4	This place is awesome!  We eat here just about every Sunday for lunch.  We've never tried the Hibachi, we only get the sushi.  The Geisha Roll is the absolute bomb!!  The service is terrible unless you get Shannon and she is the best!  We always ask for her and are never disappointed.  Every time we get another server the service goes downhill fast but Shannon is a doll.  She should train all the other servers and show them how it's done!  The sushi chef is great too he knows how we like our rolls and gets them right every time!  This will be my Sunday regular for a long time to come unless the sushi chef & Shannon leave in which case we will be very sad!  Prices are reasonable and dress is casual.
4	Excellent sushi and service. I have eaten at the bar and the Hibachi. Food is well seasoned, good service and worth the price.
2	The host stand was very busy with carry out so it took her some time to acknowledge me.   Not a big deal.   I placed my to go order and then went over to the bar, had a drink and decided to wait for my food.  The bartender was nice and chatted it up with me for a few.   Got my food and headed back to the hotel.  The sushi was honestly mediocre.   The spicy tuna roll was run of the mill.   I have had similiar from Harris Tetter.   The shasimi was fresh just nothing great.   Wouldn't  be my  first choice on finding a good sushi restaurant again in the order.  The hibachi tables in the back looked great and I heard a few groups back there having what sounded like a good time.   My review is on the sushi experience only.
3	Definitely not what you would expect, or where you would expect it.Your typical Japanese steak house is a bit more adorned (at least on the outside) in something of a pagoda-like fashion, which appeases all us American-types so that we think we are getting something authentic. Doesn't mean we are, of course, just that we might. Not here (on either count, really).The outside is just a plain restaurant in a strip mall, down from the Harley place. On the inside it's a bit better, and you get a few table-top grills, which is always entertaining unless you are rushed by the chef, and here you are to some degree. The problem is that the star of this place is the show, since the table itself does not really lend itself to talking with your fellow diners. When the show suffers, so does the meal.While the food isn't bad, the show isn't great, and since you cannot really talk to anyone all that well without shouting across the grill, it just isn't that great. There are better places to go.
1	Not Good, Again.  We have dined here 2-3 times in the past 6 months and don't plan to return.  Sushi is really nothing special.  Service was extremely slow.  Food was fun to watch being cooked, but other than that nothing was good.  Drinks not filled, kids meals forgotten, adult drinks not offered twice.  The manager took off 30% however it still wasn't worth the price.  If you don't care about cooking in front of you try Yama on the other side of the Interstate on the right.  They always have awesome Sushi and Hibachi
2	Not terrible but not great.  The prices were kind of high for that type of food.  The service, so so.
3	I've only been for lunch, but the food is good.  I always get teraki chicken with fried rice.  Typical Japanese food.
5	Some of the best sushi Charlotte has to offer. There white tuna is always fresh. Thank you for bringing great sushi to our area!
1	Attempted to dine here on a Monday night. They had a buy 2 rolls get 1 free sushi special. There was only 1 person preparing the sushi and 1 server for the whole place. Our server took our order, brought our drinks, soup and salad and never came back. We ordered the sushi special along with a shrimp & chicken dinner. We waited 30 minutes for our food and finally got up to leave. The manager apologized but did nothing to encourage us to come back. We went to Yama down the road where we received excellent service and delicious food. Will not go back to Tsunami.
1	1 Star is actually to much.  Yelp - Can I get a negative Star system?Okay people, I have been their twice in the past month for their all you can eat lunch buffet.  All you can eat is that ---  ALL YOU CAN EAT!   Both times, they the buffet has been empty.  They are slow to bring the sushi out, and when they do, there is people waiting to pounce on it, thus it is GONE, unless you are planning on camping on the buffet table.  1 sushi chef and 1 server??????The second time, my wife and I waited 20 minutes.  There was exactly three other tables of people waiting, about 10 people.  When the sushi came out, it was some shrimp nigiri and California rolls.  Like 5 piece of nigiri and maybe two Cali rolls.  WTF?I got the manager and expressed my dissatisfaction, and you know what, he walked away.   We just got up and left.With all the choices, this establishment just does not get it.  If this place insists on charging a premium for sushi, you are better off getting sushi at Harris Teeter (which is actually better)..... I will be expressing my total distaste on FB and to every single person I meet until this place shuts down.........  My new mission in life.......
3	I have sat in the dining room as well as the hibachi grill on several occasions at this restaurant. I've never had a bad experience while dining at the grill. The food has always been superb and the chefs are very entertaining!The dining room experience is less than satisfactory, however. Each time I've been there for sushi, I've had to wait 30+ minutes for my meal (the wait has always been acknowledged by the staff...last time each waiting table was given complimentary edamame). Not enough sushi chefs (only 1 person was working on each occasion) and/or wait staff.I'd love to give this restaurant a higher rating, but until I see stellar service throughout the establishment, I have to go with ***.
4	Very good Hibachi Grill with friendly service!Been here once on a busy FRIDAY night, and once on a quiet weekday lunch. Try to find a BOGO coupon in the Savings Books. The steak they use  is NY STRIP, and very tasty. Lunch portions are obviously smaller. We opted out of the All-U-Can-Eat Sushi and Hibachi grill lunch for $9.You won't be disappointed. Serivce was a little slow, but that's the only negative.
2	Never thought I'd be eating sushi in North Carolina, but my colleagues and I were craving something less heart attack inducing that what we'd been eating all week.This place is ok. Very casual. The sushi isn't particularly the freshest or the best, but they did a decent job. The service was ok. Not great, but nt horrible eitherWe shared a bunch of rolls, as well as other items like nigiri, sashimi, miso soup, and fried oysters.Can't say I'm a fan, but if this is the only sushi option in Concord, NC, then I really have no choice when I have a sushi craving.
1	Quality has definitely slipped. When you go there on a Friday night and every other restaurant in the vicinity has people waiting outside for a table and you can just walk right in to Tsunami - something is wrong. We've ordered takeout from there recently and the quality and quantity was definitely lower than in the past. We posted a comment on their website and got no response. Our friends just went for the lunch buffet and said it was the worst food they had ever eaten. If Tsunami doesn't figure out how to fix what is broken they won't be in business much longer.
4	I'm a huge hibachi lover.....I could eat it once a week!  We were in the mood for some Japanese Grill food on a Sunday night and decided on Tsunami because we were shopping at Concord Mills that day.We ended up here after looking through Yelp reviews between the coupons in my book I happened to have in the car.  We were lucky enough to have a BOGO coupon, and we used it that night, which made our dinner even more delicious, considering one was free!  ;)We sat at the hibachi tables.  They do have a whole dining room as well, if you don't want the chef show.  We did start our meal with a few sushi rolls which were decent, standard sushi fare considering the type of restaurant.  Our dinner was great.  Good portions, even for my boyfriend who has a huge appetite!  And I had a whole meal the next day for lunch!Service was good, the chefs were good.  We would go back if we want hibachi in the CC Mills area.
2	Hibachi places can be hit or miss, but this one has, by far been the worst one I've been to. We went here on a Friday night to introduce a friend to Hibachi before catching a movie at the mall. Throughout the night our friend seemed pretty impressed by the show and the food since he had nothing to compare it to. Me and my boyfriend weren't. I ordered the steak and shrimp and my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken. The Hibachi "show" was just alright. Our chef had a sense of humor but wasn't skilled. My food was less than average. The steak was delicious but the rice and veggies and shrimp was too buttery and lacked flavor. I couldn't finish my food (I never can) and it wasn't exactly as palatable as I expected so I just brought the rest home. That's okay too, but what threw me off was that I got sick later that night, during the movie, on the ride back home and later in bed as I couldn't sleep because of the stomach ache. I dismissed the thought that it was the food here because it could have been anything else. But then I had just a couple bites from the extra food I brought home a different night and there I was, sick again! I really don't know what was wrong, neither my boyfriend nor our friend got sick from the food but I know for a fact that I did. I'm sorry but I just wouldn't go here again. Just lack of taste or service would have been worth giving them the benefit of  the doubt but something that makes me sick is worthy of once bitten, twice shy.
3	Some of the entrees seem a bit pricey... but if you pick well and even share a plate with another in your party it can be made affordable.  Portions are large, so if sharing is out of the question, a to-go will provide you another meal.Our waitress was Ashley and she was great.  Helpful with the menu and with our kids.  Sushi menu was comprehensive.  Steakhouse grill was in separate part of the restaurant and was not a distraction if one is not into all that stuff.We ordered the Goyza which was pork and very good.  The miso soup was OK, the onion soup was rather good.  The salads were small for $2.50 and the ginger dressing just didn't have the pop others do.We did Fresh Eel and the Masago Sashimi and added 2 rolls... the Spicy Maria Roll for $6.50 was OK, but the Dragon Roll for $11.95 was more of a wow treat.Beverages were H2O and no dessert ordered and 2 in our party split an entree (Steak and Salmon dinner for $17.95).  Our total bill came to $78, but we were staying at the Great Wolf Lodge and that afforded us a 15% discount bringing our bill for 5 down to $66.54.SaleebScore:  Food:  6/10,  Service 8/10
1	We had the cucumber roll, tempura roll and spider roll. THEY WERE GROSS! Never again will we go there.Cucumber Roll: The cucumber was so spoiled. It tasted really sour and definitely not fresh. My daughter loves cucumber sushi and she just spat it right out.Tempura Roll: They didn't even make the delicious sauce to top it off. The shrimp (not the tail) was still in it's shell. Only took one bite and I was done with it.Spider Roll: Husband ordered this for him and the crab itself was not peeled. All the sushi is poorly made and you will not see us ever again. Probably one of the worst sushi I had since I moved to North Carolina.
1	Having recently moved here, my husband and I have been making the rounds of different restaurants in the area to try out. Since we had a coupon that we received in "Welcome to the Neighborhood" mailpack, we decided to try Tsunami's. Now, we are wishing we hadn't, but at least we know where not to go.I am a trained chef and baker and absolutely love Asian food. I love it so much that I learned how to make sushi, nigiri and various other Asian dishes (Pho, fresh Lumpia, from scratch Ramen, Donburri, Sukiyaki, Shabu Shabu, Siopao, and Onigiri; for example) from my fellow Asian chefs that I used to work with. Granted, I could have made lunch at home, but we were out running errands and were hungry. I should have listened to my gut to save the money and make something at home. I digress...When we entered, we were greeted promptly and the hostess was very helpful and pleasant. She is the reason for the 1 star. We quickly browsed the menu and made our selections for take-out. The entire menu was Americanized Asian fair. Once we got home, we got to eating. Everything...and I mean everything was overcooked. The rice and carrots were mushy. The meats were extremely dry. The broccoli only had the slightest of crunch. Neither of us could finish our dishes. The place wasn't busy (only one table taken with people eating already).Just for the fun of it, I made a carrot puree out of the carrots. Since my dogs were curious, I mixed some in their food. Only one out of the three ate it. These are dogs who absolutely love carrots, apples, pumpkin, and sweet potatoes. For them not to eat it, it must have been bad. The one who ate it, will pretty much eat anything you let him, so he doesn't really count.From what I did it, I feel really weighed down and blah. I hope the feeling passes by morning. I am just glad I opted not to get any sushi or sashimi because I fear it may have put me in the hospital.I would really love to find a local place that takes me back to or near Okinawa or the Aaomori Prefecture. Tsunami is as far away as you can get.
1	This place has gone down hill over the last five years. I used to eat here every week for lunch and now i cant go back. Especially since Tai left. The new manager cares only about profits and annoying customers!  Price is way too high for the crap food you get. I used to love this place. Too bad.
2	As much as I hate to review Tsunami negatively, I must to be fair. This was once a favorite of mine.In recent visits to this establishment, it has become more and more obvious that things have gone downhill in several areas here.The food quality is not what it once was (sushi is horrible), the service is sub-par (hit and miss) and the management staff is not helpful.With my last visit I sent a message via the email listed to complain about my experience. To date, no response. Unacceptable! What a shame and a disappointment to see a once awesome establishment fall into such a state of disfunction. Hopefully the management team/owner will recognize the issues and correct before their reputation is destroyed.Good luck to them. I hope they take customer feedback seriously and make the necessary corrections.
2	My husband and I haven't had sushi for awhile. After shopping at Concord Mills we decide to have sushi. We searched on Yelp and found this place. Kinda skeptical b/c of the low rating and comments on sushi. My husband wanted to give it a chance anyway.----our waitress was great. It was a little too pricey for the entree I had, steak and shrimp $17-- its a big plate for two. SUSHI SUSHI SU--SHii.. What i was looking forward the most! I was very disappointed, I didn't get to finish it after 4 pieces. The sushi rice had too much rice vinegar.--- total for our dinner: $63--
2	I have to agree with others that it's going downhill....The soup is now just plain chicken broth.  No scallions or mushrooms... And it NEVER tastes the same as the last time.  Last night I was going to get double salad and I should've.  I know it may sound minor but it's the start to your meal.Last month we ordered take out hibachi chicken (first time for take out there) and they forgot the sauce.  The food was almost inedible without the sauce....we did not each much.  Quality is getting bad.  :(
2	Tried this place because I had a groupon and I'm a huge fan of sushi. The service was excellent but the food, not so much. Sushi didn't seem fresh. Maybe they use frozen fish? The rolls definitely weren't made well and kept falling apart as I would try to pick it up. I then ordered the teriyaki chicken as the sushi was almost inedible. The fried rice was the best part of this dish. Either the teriyaki sauce had zero flavor or they forgot to put it on there. The dish was filled mostly with carrots and broccoli with little meat. Definitely not worth the price. Good thing I had a groupon. Won't be back again.
4	Worried it wasn't a steakhouse but glad when we looked around. Lots of food, great value for good food. Chef was great but waitress was off point. Will recommend
1	Ultimate calamari was an ultimate fail. Pricey for a mediocre teriyaki spot with a cool name. Manager was rude to a neighboring diner and I think she was the manager because she was the only person not in uniform that was addressing orders.
1	Wow. No reservations even if you have a party of 12.  Love their sushi but crappy service and waitress will only scare more people away. Maybe I should get very thing to go and skip the eating experience?  Or try another place. Piss poor service.
1	Used to be great but WAS WAAAAAAAY over priced for the amount of food you get. Don't even try to use a coupon, they tack on all of these special conditions plus automatically add their own tip. Try the Yama place up the street instead.
1	This place else mediocre at best and there are plenty of passable Asian fusion places around. If you're thinking about it, pass.
3	How bout dust bunnies on the ceiling!... Was just waiting for one to float off the fire sprinkler on to some of us eating! Food was plenty and good...onion soup was no different than home made Lipton variety.
3	Use to be a really good experience. Now it seems like the hibachi side is just going through the motions. Same old same old. Food is ok.
3	Had a chance to go here to today with some family for lunch.  We ordered a few different sushi rolls for lunch - the Spicy Tuna Roll and a California Roll being our rolls of choice.  I thought the sushi was good, but not great by any means.  There wasn't anything in particular that separated it from other sushi I've had at other places in  Charlotte like Soul and Pisces I thought the service was great - attentive, quick, no issues there.  Prices are reasonable and are comparable with other sushi spots in and around the Charlotte area.I wish I could give Tsunami more than 3-stars, but I think this place deserves an average rating for average sushi.
1	I had a chance to stop by here a few days ago for the first time to celebrate my anniversary. We had made reservations 2 weeks prior to the date and when we arrived there they claimed that they didn't have our reservations and that we had to wait 45 minutes for a table. I was so furious with their disorganized ways but we decided to wait. As we waited, I noticed that they kept erasing people from the list. If someone was even 3 minutes late they were erased. When they would show up, they had to wait 45 minutes to get seated. I think that the front desk overbooks the place and then just drops people. Not to mention that they give you a nasty attitude when you question them on their actions. On the other hand, the food was good and quickly made once the chefs arrived at the cooking station. Which was also a long wait. I personally wished the chefs were a little more social with us. The chef we had seemed really antisocial and didn't seem to be enjoying his job. But regardless of that, the food was pretty good. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and avoid if possible. The food is overpriced for the amount that you get and you have to deal with rude employees or wait 45 minutes for a table. You literally get treated better at a buffet than this place.
5	We have eaten here several times and last night was the best. Our hibachi cook was the best I have ever had and our waitress was great! The food was delicious and my entire family enjoyed their meal.
