5	The only good thing to come out of my experience at the bridal show was seeing this bridal shop. Their selection of dresses were so beautiful and unique I was drawn to them and immediately booked an appointment. My bridal consultant Kristen was so sweet and helpful. She gave great personalized attention to me and my family. After trying on a few dresses she suggested one I never would have picked out for myself. I ended up choosing the dress Kristen suggested and couldn't be happier. It is perfect and can't wait to wear it to my wedding. She also suggested accessories that complimented my dress but she wasn't at all pushy and helped my choose a veil as well. I would definitely recommend Iris D bridal for their attentive service and great selection of wonderfully unique dresses. Amanda
4	I found IrisD through Groupon ($15 for $30) and as I am getting married soon I snapped it up. When my friend and I went in we were lucky enough to met Iris herself! She was great and really helped us out and I ended up getting all my wedding "bling" from her. I got a earings and a necklace (set) and a sparkly headband (swarski crystals) to wear on my big day.The location is a bit out of the way so you have to been looking for it but it is well worth the trip for the expereice, service and selection. I am a big believer in supporting small business and this is def one worth supporting! Thanks Iris and good luck!!
5	I have had such a wonderful experience with IrisD Bridal. I found the little shop by chance after hitting up David's Bridal and not even seeing a single dress worth trying on. Instantly I fell in love with the little shop. The gowns were so beautiful. I loved Kristen right away! She is so helpful! I told her what I was looking for and she pulled out the perfect dress. It was totally not what I had thought I would get, but I tried it on and I LOVED it. I never would have tried on a gown like that if it weren't for her suggestion. The dress was on sale and I felt like I was practically stealing it from them! The customer service continues to be awesome. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!
1	From the beginning the service here was so-so, the boutique is open by appointment only and whenever I attended appointments for my friend who was the bride we ended up waiting for our consultant to arrive. The store in itself is limited in selection and not in the greatest shape. I tried on a few dresses myself which were stained, had broken zippers etc... When one of the sample dresses was too large I had to be "clamped" into it (taking in the excess fabric from the back with a spring loaded clamp). Unfortunately this took with it a chunk of my flesh. I understand mistakes happen, but seriously... Ouch!My experience as a guest of the bride was mediocre but my friends experience as the bride in question has been horrific! I've encluded her side of the story."I picked out my dress in January 2012 and got measured for it in September. I got a phone call a month later that they can't find a manufacturer to make my dress. Ok,disappointing, but I was offered a refund or the opportunity to pick a new dress. When I arrived at the salon again, there was the dress I picked out, still on the rack (and not the rack designated as sample only; the rack of dresses available to be ordered.) I asked about it and got something of a brush off answer, no real explanation. A lot of questions I asked needed to be directed to the owner, who was not answering or returning phone calls. I ended up requesting a refund as offered, but no one seemed to know how to issue one and, again, no response from the owner. I was also told they had no record of how much I needed to be refunded as my receipt was with the unreachable owner. Fortunately I had my copy with me, but still walked away with no refund. It's been a week and still no word from anyone at Iris D. Unacceptable."
