2	This is a large Best Western location.  The check-in counter blends seamlessly into a small gambling room and a large bar.  This place was disgustingly smoky and was the only place I felt leered at during my stay in Vegas.  They are a few small businesses alongside, so you don't have to travel to have your hair done.  Location-wise, this would be a good place to stay if you were going to be attending an event at the convention center.
2	It gets the job done.  And by that I mean you have all the basic amenities like bed, lamp, toilet, shower, and a locking door. What else do you need in Vegas? Well, actually it would be nice to have a door that doesn't spill light through all sides when you want to sleep past sunrise.  And more than a teenytiny bottle of shampoo (Suave, by the way).  And an air conditioner that doesn't smell something vaguely like urine.I've been in a worse hotel in Vegas.  So, it's more like 2.5 stars.  On the lower end of most Best Westerns. And I've been to a LOT.And the location keeps it under four stars--it's off the strip behind the new Wynn Hotel's golf course. But it is right next to the Monorail system--excellent.
4	I thought it was fine.  Not too far from the strip, and a five minute walk to the monorail station.  Room was clean, a big room with a wall making the two queen beds into separate areas.  Housekeeping does calls at 9am for some reason, but it was simply a way of waking up instead of using an alarm clock, I guess.  Wifi is free, but didn't work in our room very well.  My friends laptop had a spotty connection, and my iPod simply wouldn't find service in the room.  If I walked down the hall it was fine, and worked fine in the parking lot too.  Wasn't too shady or sketchy of an area.  Also, it was verrry cheap.
4	This review is for the  restaurant in the hotel. I did not stay at this Best Western hotel.My friend David dared me to come here for the breakfast special which was advertised for only $1.49. I looked for it, but couldn't find it anywhere on the menu. Instead I ordered something that included pancakes, eggs, sausage, bacon, and hash browns. Total cost was about $8.The pancakes were absolutely delicious - probably as a result of too much butter, but oh well. The eggs were fluffy and yet filling. Sausage and bacon also yummy. Hash browns were delightfully filling.In summary, I was SHOCKED to receive such a great meal here. The place looks like a dump and I was depressed as soon as I walked in and sat down. Horrible atmosphere but AWESOME breakfast! I would definitely come back. The waitress was nice enough to give me a take-out container and I ate the rest for lunch.
3	Mardi Gras has Night Owl special $1.49 Breakfast from 12am-6am.Just @offthestrip this little motel has a small gaming area,a pool,sun deck and a bar/diner serving mostly a Louisiana themed menu.I tried the black pepper crusted 12 oz NY strip steak and baked potato for $16.99.The food was good, service was great but the pepper was a little much for me.Prices are a little steep but for a late night meal with NO wait this is the spot.
3	The price is definitely right.  And I wouldn't even complain about location.  I'm not sure why people give this place so much grief- who stays in their hotel room all day (or night), anyways, in Vegas?  I never ate here once, or slept here more than a few hours, for that matter, but the rooms are HUGE and clean for Vegas (ours was larger than our friend's in Treasure Island), and it's only a block away from the metro-line, which drops you off anywhere along the strip.  We managed to get where we were going faster than anyone else in our party- and they were all staying on the strip!Not the most glamorous place in Vegas- but if you're doing Vegas on a budget but don't want to end up somewhere super seedy I'd definitely recommend this place.
4	I planned a very last minute trip to Vegas last weekend (literally, booked the room Friday morning, left on Friday night) and didn't think it was worth paying $300/night when total time spent in the room would be 15 hours.  With that being said, the last few places I stayed in Vegas were the Planet Hollywood Tower suites, Vdara suites, Aria, and Hard Rock Hotel suites - all of which have a full functioning kitchen, huge bathroom, and unbelievable beds.  Keeping all this in mind, I wanted a hotel that still incorporated some of my usual accomodations at a much more modest price.  And I have to say, Best Western delivered.The rooms are much larger than I expected - In fact, there was a kitchen with a fridge right when we walked in.  There are two huge queen size beds that are very comfortable.  The room was spotless, the guest service was incredibly helpful and quick (we requested a couple towels and shampoo at some point), and best of all, it was only a $7 cab ride to our friends at Encore.  The bar at the front of the hotel was also a great place to start our night, since well drinks were $5.00 each...and at the end of the night we picked up water bottles for $1 each.  If you want the full fledge Vegas experience (on the strip, noisy gambling machines, lots of people traffic, a variety of restaurants, clubs/lounges at your finger tips) I wouldn't recommend Best Western.  But if you're like me, and Vegas is always accessible, and you want all the basic amenities at a fraction of the price, BW is great.  It served its purpose well: affordable and clean accomodations where the strip is only a stone's throw away.
1	Without a doubt the worst customer service experience I've ever encountered.My wife and I booked a room at this motel through Travelocity for our upcoming trip to Vegas. Their posting said 'pet friendly', so we booked the room and went about our lives. Finally the start of our vacation arrived and en route to Vegas (we drove) we decided to call Best Western Mardi Gras to inquire about check-in. My wife casually mentioned something about our pet and, whoa- turns out the whole property isn't pet friendly, only a select number of rooms are. You guessed it- our room was not one of the pet-friendly rooms and all of those were completely booked. So we were told that our room was now void since we had a pet. It's still unknown if the fault here lies with this motel or Travelocity but, let me repeat: their listing said 'pet friendly', not 'pet friendly with restrictions' or any indication that any other steps were required to identify we wanted one of these pet-friendly rooms. Ok, mistakes happen. This is not my complaint.So here we are, en route to Vegas in the middle of nowhere and just found out we have no place to stay. Needless to say, our Best Western Mardi Gras operator was less than compassionate about our situation. When we asked if there were any options for us she just said no and hung up. I could blame the poor customer service on one individual but, after calling back and speaking with a manager, I received essentially the same. We were literally stuck in the desert, on our way to Las Vegas with no idea where we would stay that night. If we had Internet access (like the folks at the Best Western surely had) it wouldn't have been that difficult to find some alternative but, as we mentioned numerous times to our Best Western operators, we were en route and in the middle of nowhere.Anyone with an even moderate degree of empathy or customer service could have:A) contacted another Best Western property to see if they had availabilityB) taken 5 seconds to find a local number for a kennel so we could inquire about boarding our dog and keep our roomC) advise us of any other local pet-friendly propertiesD) contact Travelocity to sort the issue out (instead, we did)E) none of the above but at least express an apology for the complication...and instead, they did none of these.
1	Horrible customer service. I will never deal with them again! I like to gamble in Vegas but going to this place will make you feel like you lost miserably. Customer service rejected me like a stripper working the Monday morning shift...
3	the room is clean, no smell of cigarettes or anything else, the bed is comfortable. the cleaning crew are courteous and polite and very helpful. but be wary of the blonde lady in the restaurant at breakfast hours. i have a feeling she is the mean queen--- as she was totally rude and tactless to guests who were so polite in asking info about the breakfast. guests should be requested to sign for meals to show proof of the service---just like any other normal operation. recession is really an unfortunate thing for business---even best western could not afford to train their staff for proper procedures. just so disappointing!i will still probably patronise bw---but i will consider the competition first.
2	O Lordee... Was it clean? Was it unclean? uhh...Last minute booking landed us at the Best Western.  I'll tell you one thing - it was by far NOT the "best". Our 2nd floor room looked clean enough, but we found an old sweatshirt on the floor of the closet and also a camera case/memory card that someone left behind.  I know, people forget things at hotels all the time, but when they are still there when new guests arrive, I wonder if housekeeping really "cleaned" anything.  Wi-Fi is free, but you need to get the user ID and PW by calling the front desk.I was pleasantly surprised that there was a fold out couch in front of the TV.  I like watching TV in bed so the bummer was that the TV was in the "other room" but on the up side, you could turn it to face where ever you are.  The bed sucked: I could feel springs poking me in the back.  Same deal with the pull-out couch.  Both were really, really old; just sitting on the pull out couch, I sunk down all the way and could feel the metal frame supporting underneath.  On top of that, somebody oughta call Sit n' Sleep for Larry to yell at em, cuz this bed had some bed bugs; I woke up itchy with red bite bumps on the back of my calf and thigh.  Ugh. Unsatisfactory.  Also, the walls are very, very thin; you could hear every step that someone takes upstairs, and the people outside passing by your room.  Needless to say, we hardly got any sleep.Staff:The first night, I requested an extra blanket, and the housekeeping staff was courteous on the phone, and security was prompt and friendly to deliver.  We checked out a night early and told them about the bed bug issue that drove us to do so.  The front desk was... decent - they agreed to refund, as long as Hotels.com agreed.  Strangely, it was the "manager" of the hotel spoke to us about the issue, but when the Hotels.com representative called, "the manager was not there".  Funny, cuz we were looking right at him standing around when we saw another lady on the phone speaking to the rep.  Whatev, Hotels.com agreed, but the rep was very rude and kept cutting us off.  That wasn't Best Western's fault, though...  still - Never again.  This Best Western should be called Crap Western.
1	The people in here are just stupid!!!I didn't sleep for whole previous night, and still need to catch up next flight in the evening, but those stupid people refuse giving me a room to sleep before 3pm. Even I got a guy from housing department to help telling those stupid people that some rooms are ready, they just say no to everything. Another thing is they refuse to cancel my reservation, although I just placed it 30 mins before I come to this stupid hotel. The reason is only the manager has the right to do that, of course the manager won't show up until 3 pm.
3	We got this place via Priceline's name-your-own-price bid and then immediately became horrified as we read through the yelp reviews.  Scary stuff in here: bed bugs, horrible service, no blankets, blood stains, et cetera.  Well calm down right now: it was nowhere near as bad as it had been depicted.The lobby smells of cigarettes but the room did not.The first thing we did upon arrival was tear off all the sheets and inspect them thoroughly.  We then lifted up the mattress and inspected it thoroughly top and underside, then we tipped up the box spring and inspected it thoroughly, then I took the pillows out of the cases and inspected both the pillows and cases thoroughly.  Good news sports-fans: no bed bugs, no blood stains.There was a blanket as well as a sheets, just not a big foofy comforter.  It was the kind of blanket the Army would issue you for a barracks really, which personally I prefer because god knows what could be burrowing inside all that foofiness.The rooms have a false divider between the bed/bath area and an atrium area.  There is also a bar-like area so I guess you could host a party if you wanted to.Wifi is present but you don't have a secure network for your room.  The ID and key they give you seems to grant access to a network shared by all hotel guests.  Not my idea of security.  It was a bit sluggish as well.  It did it's job fine as far as search engines went, but don't think you're going to stream netflix or anything, and I didn't feel comfortable logging into my bank account.That said, I was in one room of over 100, so who knows.  I was fortunate enough to not have to argue with guest relations at any point so I cannot comment as to their relative obstinacy or responsiveness.  Best hotel experience of my life: certainly not.  A nightmare experience worthy of novelization: no, not that either.  You get what you pay for, just so long as you don't pay their asking price.
1	I didn't expect too much from this hotel since I ended up getting a room for $60. When I got to the hotel the front staff seemed extremely busy but helpful. I ended up getting a room on the third floor and it was clean and decent. They advertise free Wifi however you'll be lucky if you can get it in your room, I called 3 different times from them to reset the Wi-Fi going and it NEVER worked! The front desk guy told me that they're working on it. I ended up walking to McDonald's and had better signal there. STRIKE # 1. I decided that it was time for a shower, stripped down, turned the water on, and jumped in! As I was finishing up I realized that I didn't have any towels!!!!!!!!!!! I walked butt naked to the phone, called the front desk, and ask for towels. The guy on the phone apologized and said that if I came downstairs to the front desk, he would be more than happy to give me some towels. WTF?!?!? Am I suppose to just air dry myself and go downstairs? Is it too much to ask someone from house keeping to drop off some towels? Geeez! I ended up getting 2 hand towels and wiped myself down. STRIKE # 2. Also in the middle of the night there were a bunch of idiots yelling at the top of their lungs downstairs....I looked at the clock and it was 2am. Definitely NOT cool. STRIKE #3!!!!!!!! I wouldn't stay here again EVER! This says alot because I'm generally not very picky at all....but this one takes the cake. -B
3	Yes, the lobby was smelly and a bit dark and dingy, but there was nothing wrong with our room and the price was right.  I felt safe and we had no issues while our convertible was parked in the lot.  The bed wasn't fantastic, nor was the washroom, but it was an inexpensive stay which allowed for bigger spending elsewhere in Vegas.  I would have used the pool had I more spare time.  I found it handy to be able to walk to other places off of the strip for a cheap meal, treats and coffee without any hassle.
4	YOU CAN PARK AND FLY FOR 20 DOLLARS! :) Which got it an extra star :) It would have cost me SOOOO much more 2 park @ the airport as I went to Maine for 2 weeks! The parking savings was like getting the hotel for free!
1	I stayed here a couple of years ago & it was "alright".So when I went down for a convention last week I made another reservation as it 's walking distance to the convention center.The online reservation was a good value & I'm happy with a clean place with minimal creator comforts.However, I found the facility extremely dated & in need of renovation and as for creator comforts;They may have 12 local stations on the TV. The wi-fi was inoperative and when I inquired at the front desk there was no idea if or when it might be working. I thought a candy bar might be nice, I was informed they could be purchased down the street at the gas station. They offer "long-term" rentals and the people this attracts are as you might expect. They or their associates come & go ALL NIGHT.There is no overall security on the facility. There are various portals coming in from the parking lots around the entire perimeter so anyone can wonder in at anytime virtually undetected. Given the overall transient population in Las Vegas this was a huge concern for me. I was thankful my wife & kids were not with me!I spent a good deal of the night scratching from some form of pest, evident by the various visible bug bites the following morning.I could not bare the thought of another night so I promptly checked out and moved down the street to the Renaissance.Best Western generally offers nice facilities at a reasonable price & I and seek them first when traveling.Do yourself a favor and stay anywhere but here.
3	I happened to stay here the other night, $31 for the night thanks to Hotwire.  Room was fine, no complaints.  Can't relate to the negative comments posted here.  Room was functional, bed comfy; I have my own wifi so can't comment on that, lobby and their restaurant unimpressive but of no use or interest to me.  Only critical comment was a $3 energy surcharge at checkout that I knew nothing about, either on Hotwire or when I checked in, would have been nice to have been told about it.But good location and I had no problem with the room and the price was great.  If you're just looking for something better than bare bones, place is fine, imho.
3	Wouldn't let us check in before 3pm. We arrived in Vegas at 9 in the morning and we were exhausted from our flight which we woke up at 4am for. The Mexican girl with the red curly hair at the lobby was extremely rude to us. Even when we went up there at 2:30, (check in is 3) she still said 35$ for an early check in fee. Are you serious? I mean come freaking on we waited in the lobby for 4 hours, sleeping on our luggage. We looked pathetic LOL. Our room was ready and everyone else was checking in before us. I cannot stand when people give you attitude for no reason and this girl was doing just that. She wasnt answering any of our questions, and was being extremely rude and ignored us most of the time. It took everything in my power to not to punch her in the face. Besides that, everyone else that works there is lovely. The barman made us extra hot dogs when we got back from EDC at 4 in the morning. And the shuttle driver (his name is Mel. Tip him good. He deserves it) is fantastic. He was very friendly, talktative, reliable and on time. Picked us up every hour from the strip to the hotel and back and to the airport. The extra star is just for him. The hotel room was okay, I think they charge fees if you use too much water or electricity or something though.
3	Its just okay even with the low price. I stayed there during the Mining convention and it seemed understaffed. The room was clean and the water hot.  Its okay.
2	This hotel needs to be completely remodeled!! The elevator door hesitates to open on the second floor, The first time my wife and I were in the elevator we thought we were going to be stuck! The light timer for the bathroom need to be reset so that it stays on longer or just replaced with a regular switch, Both my wife and I had the lights go out while still in the shower and had to ask my spouse to open the door to get the timer to come back on! My wife usually packs shampoo and cream rinse that she has confiscated from our stays at other hotels but not this time because we were staying at a Best Western, Well we ended up down at the front desk to get the essentials for taking a shower. I guess people don't take showers in Las Vegas! Wi-Fi in this hotel means Were the F#$% did it go!! Had a exultant signal strength when I got to the room and in less than five minutes later I got a message saying that there were too many subscribers and that the Wi-Fi was not available, Never did use it while staying there.
4	To begin: my husband and I weren't fans of Las Vegas. The pungent aroma of desperation, the garishness that tries to pass for opulence. It is the Kardashian of cities.We chose the Mardi Gras because they don't have any hidden fees. No "resort" fee, no "wi-fi" fee, no "cable tv" fee that some nearby hotels charge. It's a cheap stay with no strings attached.The room was just what we needed: cheap, quiet, off the Strip. The room itself was nice: large and well-appointed with a sitting room and kitchenette. Nothing broken, didn't smell like smoke. Bed was comfy. Not as nice as you'd expect from Best Western, but it was acceptable. A little out-dated, but who cares? It's thirty-five bucks, I'm not gonna quibble about the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The wi-fi worked. The picture on the TV was shitty and we only got, like, 12 channels. That could be a down-side for some (personally, I didn't care). The shower in 2196 was, hands down, the BEST shower I've ever had in a hotel. It was one of those massive shower heads the size of a dinner plate... very luxurious and an unexpected perk. The neighborhood was extremely sketchy (like something you might see on an episode of "Cops"), the casino reeks of cigarettes and was patronized by some chilling derelicts, but that's not the hotel's deal.
1	I've never stayed here, but everyone should know that my friend who did stay here this past weekend got ROBBED. We were working at the CES convention (I was at a different hotel), and when she returned to her room on Sunday evening someone had broken into her room through the window & stolen everything. Not only that, but the hotel's SECURITY GUARD was STUPID enough to fix the window & window lock prior to the police arriving. A little shady wouldn't you say? If by chance this review is seen by that security guard (you know who you are), I just want to say that I know who you are as well, and I will be coming after you.
2	The casino and hotel are dive city.  The area is sketchy and the hotel seems to lack security.  The casino itself is tiny and smells like an ashtray.  I kept it at 2*, because the slots are loose and the bar was friendly.  Will I go back, I don't think so.
3	I only stayed here because I had an interview at the embassy convention center which was walking distance from best western otherwise I would not have. I also chose this place because they had an airport shuttle and I wouldn't need to rent a car and pay the underage fee. I should have checked but my flight landed at 1:30pm. I called the hotel and the shuttle runs at the top of the hour excluding the hours between 1230 to 330pm. I should have done my research. I ended up taking a taxi that totaled to be 20 dollars plus 5$ tip. I took the shuttle back to the airport when I left and the driver was nice and the ride was good. Although he is suppose to leave at the top of the hour the shuttle departed at 11:50am instead of exactly noon so I suggest arriving early and waiting. checking in: I arrived at 2pm and the service isn't the best but this isn't aria or Cosmo but they were accommodating. I early checked in at 2pm and asked for a late checkout the following day at noon, done with no problems. I requested the 3rd floor since i read a review about first floor thief, done with no problems. Room: The room was big for its price but nothing fancy. There was a tv in the living room and not the bedroom. You can probably see the tv from the bedroom but I ended up sleeping on the couch to clearly watch the tv. Casino: The casino is small. Probably 20 slots machines total and that's it, like the size of a bedroom. But I played 60$ and left with 100$ so I came up 40$ winning was a plus! Overall would I stay again or recommend it if it wasn't for my interview, most definitely not.
2	Have no illusions: this is not a *great* place to stay.  In relative terms, it's kind of a fleabag.  Not filthy, but not super clean, either.  But if you're going to Vegas on a budget (say, under $40 a night on a website deal), this place is as good as any, and it's certainly no worse than the Quad on the Strip.  Here are some random thoughts:They have a shuttle to the Strip every hour between 6am and 11am, so that's good.  But it's a $15 cab ride back from the Strip, which can eat into your hotel savings. The people who work at the Best Western are really, really nice all around.  Very pleasant and helpful.   The wifi is excellent (15+ mbps) and works most of the time (although it was overloaded one morning and I couldn't get on).  The TV choices are straight out of 1989: 15 channels, maybe, so it's good that they have good wifi so you can watch video on your machine.  The "casino" is a complete dump.  The restaurant on-site serves nothing even remotely healthy, although they have some nice restaurant choices half a mile south.  But the room has a mini fridge, so buy some provisions at an Albertson's if you want a decent breakfast.  Bring your own coffee and small filters, as they have an 6-cup coffeemaker in the room.  The shower is surprisingly good.  The couch/pull-out bed is an uncomfortable sit.  The pillows on the bed feel like a bag full of socks.  The room doesn't smell too bad.  The walls are super thin--you can hear water running in the sinks next door.All in all, if you're planning to spend hardly any time in the room or the hotel in general and just need a place to crash, this place works fine.  But if your plan in Vegas is to have people stop by to party in your room, or to pick up some strange for a "What happens in Vegas ..." experience, then spend the money for a nicer place.
1	At one point in my life I played in a band, a full time traveling band. We've stayed in some of the shadiest places in town, and this would qualify. Let's put it this way, I slept with clothes on because I didn't want to touch the sheets. So, why did I stay here? Because it was a business trip, and I really had no choice. On the plus side, it's within walking distance (2 minutes) of the EXPO center.
4	It is what it is. Clean rooms close to LVCC. I stayed here a few years ago for over a week between two conentions. It is the same today with the neighborhood cleaned up a little. Large rooms at a good price. These rooms a mile west on The Strip would be considered mini-suites at six times the price.
4	I booked a one bed room for fairly cheap on Expedia. It was much nicer than I expected - the room was large with a separate living area and bed area, a mini kitchen with a sink and mini fridge, a closet, and a bathroom with a roomy bathtub and a nicely lit sink on the outside. There is also a pool area and a casino/lounge. The only thing that threw me off was that I was told the deposit was $25 but it was actually $75, I'm assuming I was just told wrong so I didn't make a big deal about it, especially since I got my deposit back the very next day after I checked out as compared to most hotels that keep the deposit for up to 2 weeks. It was overall a good stay and I would definitely come back.
4	I stayed here on the weekend (4/26-4/28) I was completely satisfied with the room and the service. The room was much larger than I expected. It looks like it used to be a bedroom and living room, but they have added a second bed. The beds were some of the most comfortable I've experienced in a hotel. All the rooms have direct outside entrances, which is unusual in Las Vegas. No long hallways to navigate. They even give you options on how you want your room cleaned! There were 4 pillows on each bed, and not the flat overused kind you expect for this price. We didn't notice any exceptional noise from other guests, and the hotel was quite full. We enjoyed playing the few slot machines in the lobby, and there is a small bar to sit and have a drink or snack before heading to bed.  Being located just off the strip, it is in a nice, quiet neighborhood. I did not feel unsafe walking my dog outside. Oh, did I mention? THEY ACCEPT PETS! The front desk even surprised me with a clip on doggie bag holder to clean up with and a small bag of Milk Bone treats. Check in and out was Very easy. The only drawback is that the shuttle to the strip is a small van. I think it seats 9. It could be bigger and it could run more often than once an hour. I rode it once and was very happy with the nice driver. He was helpful and answered all our questions about where  to go and what to see. On the plus side, there is a bus stop directly out front, which runs every 15 minutes. The monorail is just 2 blocks away, but we didn't ride it. Don't be fooled by the low price. I will definitely stay here again. If you want to experience Vegas, but don't want to stay on the strip..THIS IS THE PLACE.
1	If I could give this place no stars I would. Negative stars even.  Its a stink hole.The service is not friendly at all. First of all its not a "hotel", its a MOTEL. We checked in and they gave us a room on the ground floor. I asked if they could put us on the second or third floor so the bums and crack whores didn't try to rob our room while we were out having fun in town.  So they gave us a room on the second floor which was a cute room at first. The bathroom door handle was broken so we called the front desk and they said maintenance would come fix it. No one ever came.  The light switch in the bathroom was also broken and no one came to fix that either. I fixed the door handle myself with my nail kit. My daughter had a buttom fall off her shirt and asked for a sewing kit, they said house cleaning would bring it, no one ever came.  At 12 midnight, a group of hispanic people decided it was a good idea to have a raging party in the room above us. I called the wonderful front desk again and told them what was going on, so they said security would be right there. Guess what.....No one ever came. I called again at 5:30 am because the party was still going on loud and clear. The woman who answered the phone at the front desk was less than helpful. I said no one ever showed up to quiet the party going on above us, and she said "Well they won't be coming to YOUR room", so I said, "I know that, no one ever showed up at THEIR room, not ours". And she hung up on me. Thank god for the effects of alcohol becuase I think they finally passed out. None the less we got no sleep and had to function that way at our daughters graduation from UNLV. A 4 hour grad cermony on no sleep is not fun. The Wi Fi never worked for us. We called again to see if we needed a code to get it and they told us that to many people in the surrounding area steal the wi fi so it was not available for us to use with our phones. The air conditioning was funky. You have to put your room card in a slot in the wall and then adjust the temp by the thermostat in the middle of the room and it never stayed on. It was a sweat box the first night (along with the party) I would not recommend this MOTEL to anyone and I've already told my entire family and friends never to stay there or in that area if they visit Vegas.
4	It is a nice hotel off the strip.But I don't see the bad things other people wrote here.They have a nice pool and hot tub, they close this is little early but ok.They are clean and at night it's quite, so what else do you want?Oh yes plenty of parking, especially with oversize vehicles, were I would have to park a half mail away if I would stay on the strip.The rooms are clean and the staff is friendly.So I am not sure what other people have problems with, but it might be them.
1	Absolutely worst experience ever.  I arrived late, had reservations and was walked.  For those not familiar it means they overbooked and gave away my room.   They did absolutely nothing to help and kept blaming me at first.  Then when they realized I knew what was going on as a frequent traveler, they began to backtrack.They made no  attempt to refund my money, find me another hotel or anything.  When I drove by earlier on my way to a convention, it made me a bit nervous as the front did not look good and it appeared there were many undesirables loitering about. Cannot recommend this hotel under any circumstance.
1	Worst hotel ever. I stayed this past weekend, and I can honestly say this is the worst place I have ever paid money for. I would rather sleep in my car then endure this wreck again. Night 1: there was rain and the power went out in the hotel. We stayed in pure darkness without anything but our cell phones giving us light. We had to leave immediately, by the time we came back at 3am, still no power, therefore we had to shower in pitch black darkness, no ac so it was disgustingly hot. I can't believe they refused to refund us anything for such an inconvenience. Day two: don't expect  to enjoy a late night in Vegas because the cleaning lady comes bright and early banging on your door at 9am. We spoke to the front desk and they agreed that we will have our room cleaned later in the day. They never came. Better yet to say, our room was only serviced and cleaned 1 time out of our 4 day stay. Day 3: the cleaning women doesn't even knock on our door at 9 am. She opens the door and then manages to say housekeeping while she's already inside the room without our permission while we're still laying in bed. I would never recommend this place ever. Find something better if you really want to enjoy your vacation. I regret staying at this hotel so much
3	- mixed drinks at the bar are pre measured and weak.- they turn off the air conditioning in the lounge during the heat of the day. hot humid, blech.- i stayed for 2 days for work. literally took 20+ minutes to get hot water out of the shower in the morning.
2	Place was clean and cheap, but everything else just screamed old, I guess. And the walls of this hotel are so thin. I could hear the people in the next room talking, and I'm pretty sure they weren't even screaming. But the staff here is really friendly, and the hotel has plenty of parking. It is also located at the back of the strip, so you can avoid "the strip traffic."
5	I liked this place when I was a laborer at the convention center but now that I actually come her for business I don't like it so much.I can't believe a place that is full all the time puts very littel money back into the MOTEL. They need to pay there staff better and get more staff in the bar and during a busy check in. Also the maid don't do a good job most likely due to pay so pay them more and make them do a better job.
1	Don't go here!! I don't normally stays in a motel but I thought it will be good since I found this motel through my united mileage plus. I paid this motel for my 10150 miles which definitely not worth even $25.00 a night! This motel is filthy, dirty, smelly, & not a typical motel w/c should have a soap & shampoo at least (forget about the conditioner)most of all alarm clock or a piece of paper to say do not disturb since the housekeeping starting to knock at your door at 8am!! & If you tell them don't need them, then they will knock again & again! Even if you reported them to the front desk or manager it doesn't help at all. They stopped knocking by 10am.  Maybe they got tired. Arghh if only I can give no stars!! Going back to this motel most of the guest are rowdy, kids or not kids or maybe some horses (not sure what they are since I didn't see them outside) are jumping up & down, couples next door are fighting loudly! And best of all the location is near this ghetto apartment complex w/c people are shouting when they are just talking each other! I will definitely coming back or even near this motel ever! Its a nightmare! Front desk lady is nice when I checkd in. Unfortunately that week I went to LV is really busy &I cannot afford to get in another hotel!.
3	I have to admit, when I pulled into the parking lot of this hotel, the first thing I did was call up the place I used to book my reservation to see if they could cancel it.  I didn't want to stay here.  The exterior of this place looks more like a seedy motel than a hotel and casino.  After much argument, I was told that they could refund my money, except for the first night.  So I decided to stay here for one night. To my surprise, the room was quite decent.  It had the feel of a small studio apartment more than a hotel room.  There were two queen-sized beds in the room, and they were partitioned in a way that made it seem like they were in two different sections of the room.  There's also a "kitchen" area, although there's nothing in there that's like a kitchen, except for a small refrigerator and a coffee machine.  The beds were clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was fairly clean.  The internet was easy to use and didn't require any passwords.The casino itself isn't really a casino.  It's just a room with slot machines and a bar.  There's also a swimming pool in the courtyard.  I wish there were some kind of gift shop, or some other place to go and buy snacks.  There's absolutely nothing within walking distance of this hotel.So after staying here for one night, I can admit that I overreacted by getting scared and trying to cancel my reservation.  It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  In fact, the room was quite nice.  However, I definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone that comes to Las Vegas on vacation.  Pay a little more money and stay in a nicer place, preferably somewhere closer to The Strip.  This hotel isn't good for much else except being a place to sleep and shower.  It feels a little oppressive to me.  I wouldn't stay here again.
1	Says WiFi included. But they only mean if you're in the lobby. Otherwise it either doesn't show up in the scan or its out of range. Room is big and mine is right near the lobby. But the whole place is old and dilapidated. Before this, i thought id stay here everytime i come for a week. But its better just to stay at motel 6.
1	Do we have the option for negative stars? Because if we did, this place would get negative 3!!I booked this hotel through Expedia. My account was charged and my confirmation received. When I arrived on Saturday, Feb 15, I called while still at the airport. Just wanted to make sure all was good with my reservation. I was greeted by woman with no customer service skills whatsoever. It took her 4 tries to get the spelling of my name right. Finally she tells me that I have no reservation. That they were sold out and, " sorry I can't help you".  It turns out this weekend was as busy as New Year's Eve. All hotels were booked solid and the Mardi Gras had decided to just give my room away to someone else but still charge me for it.  When I insisted that there had to be a mistake and that I must have a room. She became rude and plain did not car at all. She said, "you didn't book it through us so there is nothing I can do for you".  She also very graciously added that I can call back in the morning to speak to someone who cared enough to help me.It was late, around 1030pm. I never found another room near the strip and wound up spending 100 on cab fare and in a raunchy hotel far from anything. The kind that gets rented by the hour!That was my Mardi Gras experience! Absolutely horrible. Ruined my desire to even visit this town again
3	If you are thinking along the lines of Super 8, Travelodge, Motel 6, etc for your next Vegas trip (and let's face it, everyone just needs a cheap, clean room every now and then), then you should really consider this place first.The rooms, even the smallest ones, are bigger than the standard rooms at MGM, Excalibur, NYNY, etc. They are also clean, and have a fridge and bar area. They aren't fancy, but you won't be creeped out either.This place is perfect if you will be spending most of your Vegas trip away from your room (concerts, sporting events, bachelor parties, etc) and just need an occasional hot shower and a nap.The downsides are odd and minor. No ESPN or Comedy Central (fellas, if your girlfriend is here for a bachelorette party and you're left in the room, this could be a deal breaker). TV reception is oddly grainy considering this is 2014.But this is the most important thing: don't stay here with the intention of walking back and forth to the Strip! Especially you ladies, please take the free shuttle from Mardi Gras (hourly), a cab, or the monorail (about a block away). I'm an athletic 30-something man, and it took me a full 25 minutes to walk to the Strip (briskly because it was cold). Also, the area gets a little sketchy after dark. Please don't walk!But having said all of that, I paid $31 for a nice big room on a FRIDAY nite in Vegas (with major events happening that weekend), and it had everything a weekend warrior needs. If you need plush, this isn't the place. But if you need good value, it's hard to beat.
3	I have stayed here before. It used to be a Best Western. The internet NEVER works. They started to charge an unadvertised $5 "resort fee". They say this pays for 3 things: shuttle to & from the airport (what if you drove like I did?); in room coffee (I don't drink coffee & my wife says it tastes bad); & for the wireless internet (which doesn't work on any of my 4 stays in the last 13 months. I now use my own wireless Hot Spot.They are a 1+ block walk to the Convention Ctr (why I stay there) 7 have good sized rooms with a refrigerator (no microwave).
1	You get what you pay for...This hotel was one of the worst.  From the nasty lounge area to the hourly shuttle, it all just made for a bad experience in Vegas.  A shuttle that runs every hour and stops at 10pm.  WTH we are in Vegas and the party starts at midnight but the shuttle stops at 10pm and is parked in front for the rest fo the night.They also advertise 24 hour food, another lie, I came back to the hotel at about 3 am ready for a late mucnhyie only to be told they sold out of everything.  Then there were all these seedy people hanging in the lobby.  I also requested an extra blanket but was told the hotel was completely booked and so they didnt have anymore.The cutsomer service clerks in the daytime were the only positive thing about this place.  The rest of this experience made me realize the strip is the only place worth my money for any future trips.
1	Restaurant review only: This place is certainly divey, but used to have ok bar food.   Now the food is bad (stale, cold, etc) and the service is very slow.  Stay away!
3	After three failed attempts at getting our key card to work in our door, they relocated us to another room.  HOWEVER, the girl was new and took us on a run-a-round to find the new location!  Once that fiasco was over, everything was fine.The room was clean, it was cute.  No problems.  I would visit here again for the price!  Just hope the key cards work the first time!
4	I don't know what people are complaining about. The room I got here is probably better than a lot of other hotel rooms I've been in. We paid $50 for the night and it was very spacious. There was a "kitchen" area and a living room area. The channels weren't bad and they also had a couch. If you're looking for a cheap place near the strip, I would really recommend this place.
2	Its a dive..hole in the wall motel.....room is clean, but old...nice pool. No fitness center, elevator is not trustworthy....Wifi sucks....very few slot machines. ...breakfast was cold. . Although. ..close to convention center.
4	Spend the weekend here for EDC. I too was feeling iffy about the stay here based on the previous reviews from fellow yelpers. Got there Thursday morning(we previously asked for early check in) and they came through! Rooms are a very nice size. Enjoyed a few brews for the World Cup(beers were 5$) in the lobby.friends ate the food and didn't recommend, so I walked down to the mcds next street down. My only complaint really would be the toilet paper lol so bring your own! Other then that I was very pleased with my stay and had an awesome EDC! Btw!! Wifi worked! All 5 nights of my stay! Lol
1	I had one off-white towel, I saw a cockroach, there were still hairs in the sheets, the couch is ripped and stained, and the wifi doesn't reach my room. I'm not a fan.
2	I was traveling with a group to Vegas for a conference, and this was the "hotel" that was booked for us. It was paid for by the group, so I suppose I couldn't complain too much. It was a place to sleep. Things I did not enjoy about it: their stupid shuttle system. Apparently this was a source of confusion for everyone. We were first told to call when we got to the airport and they would send us a shuttle. Then, when we got to the airport, we called and the front desk said the shuttles run every hour, 15 minutes after the hour. So we wait for an hour at the airport for the next shuttle to come. It was not convenient for anyone. The night before I was flying out, I went to the front desk to confirm when the shuttle would be leaving. Every hour on the hour, I was told. On the morning I was leaving, I was told the shuttles were undergoing "regularly scheduled maintenance" and if I needed to get to the airport right then, I would need to take a cab. That would have been nice to know the day before when I inquired if the shuttles would be running the next day.Also, the hotel provides a breakfast buffet for $7.50/person. DO NOT eat there. It will literally be the worst $7.50 you ever spend. Let me paint you a picture: gross, watery scrambled eggs (probably not real eggs), hard, lumpy biscuits, sausage of dubious origins, canned fruit (that's right, not even fresh), cottage cheese, yogurt in a hotel pan, cereal, milk, juice from concentrate, coffee-flavored water (if you're lucky), and waffles. Please just walk down the road to McDonald's instead.If you decide to eat at the bar in the lobby, expect to spend a lot of time there waiting...waiting for the waitress to take your order...waiting for the food...waiting for the waitress to bring you your check. Things move at a decidedly slow pace here. Bottom line: you get what you paid for, and that is not much.
4	Aside from the occasionally spotty internet, I have no complaints about my stay at the Mardi Gras. The room was clean and spacious, the bed was huge and comfortable, and the air conditioner worked well. This was a low cost hotel with some nice extras like a micro fridge and mini coffee maker. The breakfast buffet was also reasonably priced at $7.50 and pretty tasty. I booked an extra day directly through their website added to an existing online booking and they combined them with no problem (and even gave me the King bed instead of the standard). This is an ideal place to stay for the Convention Center and any nearby events that are East of the Strip.The elevator was a little scary, but there are plenty of stairs to bypass that.
5	I would like to thank the service of the staff at the hotel for their professional manner and their awesomeness! Helped us out a lot! Whether it was getting spare room keys or the really good service at the bar and restaurant in the lobby my experience was really good here. I came to Las Vegas on the 4th of July and found that the cost of this hotel was relatively cheap. I like the room we stayed in because it was nice and neat! Had a spacious living room area and pretty much anything that we needed for the weekend. The pool area was good to a nice place to relax before heading out for the day. The shuttle runs until 10 p.m. N we found it to be very convenient and it saved us a lot of money on taxi cab service. Parking at this hotel was also very easy and the location of the hotel wasn't that far from the strip. If you're coming to vacation or just visit Las Vegas and don't want to spend alot in a hotel that you won't be staying in much for the weekend I highly recommend that you give this hotel a try especially when everything else is booked. Overall, very satisfied!
3	Stayed here for a Vegas trip and thought it was alright. PROS: + Cheaper hotel choice at the end of the strip $+ Spacious, clean roomsCONS:- Extremely rude staff. The clerks at the front give you mad attitude, and the cleaning maid knocks on your door relentlessly in the morning EVEN if you have a "Do not disturb sign", INSISTING she absolutely MUST get the damn trash because she doesn't want to come back for it later. Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino would not be the worst choice for an affordable place to stay at. But if you want better customer service throughout your entire stay, you're better off with:- Eastside Cannery (not on the strip)- Riviera (similar price and service is good)
3	If you're traveling on a budget, this is a good option (we paid $40/night for 4 people, including tax and a $5 "resort" fee). We had quick, easy check-in, the room was large and clean, and the pool area was lovely. We didn't use the free wi-fi, so I can't speak to that. Location is near the convention center and a block or so from a monorail stop. I wouldn't call the location "nice", but it wasn't sketchy either. There's apparently a shuttle to/from the strip, but we didn't use that. If you choose to walk to the strip as we did, be aware that it's quite a hike (20-ish minutes). For us, the location was worth the price trade-off.
2	Pros: Room was decent. Spacious. AC was great. Checkout staff was alright. Mini fridge was useful. Bed was comfortable. Cons: Low pressure shower,  elevator is scary, sketchy loiterers, wifi doesn't even show up on third floor,  night front desk staff was rude and cold and not willing to help. Housekeeping bangs on the door early and it takes a few minutes of awkward yelling at the door to tell that you don't want service.  Room didn't have a 'do not disturb sign'. TV had basic cable. "Casino" was tiny and full of sketchy people. Old falling apart building.
1	This a very old hotel that hasn't jumped into the 20th century. I walked into our room to find crickets on the wall. Plus are room was at the very end of the hotel which has only one ice machine. They advertise 24 hours food and only offer an Italian sandwich and a breakfast burrito. I wasn't looking for a great hotel and sure in the hell didn't find one.
1	do not book here !!!! cockroaches everywere! it looks old i swear it does not look like the picture ! false advertisement your better of staying in your car. i booked with them through a thrird party and trust me we decided to pay the cancelation fee then to stay there with cockroaches and a rude i mean rude ass old trailer trash bitter receptionist patti. this hotel doesnt even deserve a star. patti the receptionist is a bitch as soon as we walked in she didn't even want to look up our reservations. she didn't want to take my dads credit card because the name was shortened. she was also very rasist. never again this hotel should be shut down its just taking up space! do not book here once again. even the stupid manager had an attitude !
1	Ok this place does not even deserve a star! But I guess I have to in order to tell you guys to stay away!! Hmm, where should I start?? First of all front office staff is rude and very disrespectful. When my friend and our husbands walked up to the front desk they didn't even smile and it took them forever to give us our room key. They all kind of just stand around and play on their phones. Very sloppy. Also, one of the girls was just staring at both of our husbands right in front of us!! I don't mean like just glancing a couple of times, full on staring!! Kind of creepy and very disrespectful. So I give that office staff two thumbs down. Ok moving on to the casino part of it. I had an incident in the bathrooms down in the very small, crappy casino. I walked into a stall in the bathroom and as soon as I sat down a GUY walks into it. Yep a MAN walks into the girls bathroom. I stayed quiet because I was pretty scared. He walks into the stall right next to me and starts peeing. He then walks to the sink to wash his hands and for some reason he washed them twice. He then walked over to the towel dispenser (which was right in front of my stall) and peeks through my stall door!! He then throws away his paper towel and peeks in again! This time a little longer. Omg it still gives me the chills even today!! I was shooken up for a while after that. So the Casino and the people are very shady!! Now to the rooms. The rooms had a pretty cute lay out but our room stunk like mold BADLY!! And the beds were super gross. I had a few bug bites on my legs the next day!  The shuttle service was ridiculous because it only ran until 10. So after that you are screwed and either have to walk back or wait for a cab. They were also late a couple times picking us up. People say you get what you pay for but to me, it would be a waste of 1 penny. Sorry guys but this to me is a NO GO!!
3	Bij binnenkomst goed geholpen. Keurige kamer zo op het eerste gezicht. Ruim, met woonkamertje, keukentje, slaapkamer en badkamer in een. Best netjes voor het aantal sterren. WiFi is slecht, je wordt er steeds af gegooid. Maar goed, who needs WiFi in Vegas?Het bijbehorende casino+bar is best grappig, alleen niet voor muggenzifters/kleinzerigen. Terwijl wij lekker een drankje dronken en een gokje waagden ontstond er een vechtpartijtje achter ons, waarop direct werd ingegrepen. Ja, er komen hier dus ook asociale omwonenden gokken en drinken. De shuttlebus naar de Vegas-Strip verdient een groot compliment, deze rijdt gratis van 07:00 tot 22:00 en brengt en haalt je. Topservice!
4	Totally good hotel hotel.Efficient check in.Clean room with 2 queen beds.Easy parking.Cheap breakfast buffet.Good deal and cheap price.No problems!!Good for kids with pool and bath tubs.Not 5 stars bc definitely not the Palms and room rolled like smoke.
3	I've stayed at this hotel many times throughout the years when I am in town for the MAGIC Clothing Convention. The location is ideal, however, this time we had a long list of problems. The first issue was ants... LOTS of them! They were all over the kitchen counter and the floor. We ended up moving to another room because they were so bad. They actually sent an exterminator to spray our room prior to our move, while they were in it, and didn't see anything wrong with us breathing in the fumes. I disagree. At one point the phone rang, and they said it was the hotel front desk and there was a problem with my credit card and they needed to get the number over the phone. That didn't sound legitimate, so I asked the front desk, and they said that scam has been going on for years. I spent three nights in the hotel, and the Internet was down the entire time. Since I was there on business, this was a major setback. I was never able to get on the Internet at all! When I ordered food from the bar, they gave me the wrong order. Of course, they fixed it, but it still took extra time to replace, and it wasn't very good anyway. The bathroom light and the phone didn't work in our second room either. When I realized that the light didn't work, I picked up the phone to call for repair, and the phone didn't work either. I had to walk all the way to the lobby to report both. They came in a timely manner, but couldn't fix either one, and asked if we would like to move again. The light was definitely an inconvenience. I had to push on it, in just the 'right' place for several minutes to get it to work. I am sure I will be staying there again, as it is so close to the Convention Center, and the rates are really reasonable. I just hope my next visit is better than this one!
2	A real dive hotel.  The website pictures are very deceptive.  Our room didn't have hot water for the four days we stayed.  Lukewarm was the best we got.  They told us we needed to run the water until it got hot.  Never did.  We took cold showers back to back and It never got hot.  The sheets were so thread bare, they were like gauze.  Over half the electric outlets didn't work.  The room was clean enough but it's a tired room that I would never bring my wife to.  No working ice machines.  You must go to the bar and beg.  Wfi worked great.Staff were friendly enough, but you knew that this was a place that wasn't going to respond to your complaints , so we never tried after inquiring about hot water.Breakfast buffet was ok.  Egg and patty susage of so so quality.  Biscuits, cereal and the usual continental stuff.   Price was $8.95.  Not overpriced but not a deal either considering some places offer this level of breakfast complimentary. Casino is a small cramped area with about a dozen slots.  The lobby has no sitting area and there is no where to lounge or wait indoors aside from the small bar.Best part of the hotel is the outdoor pool and hot tub area.  Nice chaise lounge chairs and cushions, and five or six tables with umbrellas.  If you decide to stay in this hotel, you can escape from your dreary room to this little oasis.  Very nice.If you decide to stay, my bet is you will never return.  Good luck.
1	Rude and unfriendly lady check in staff. We booked through Expedia for a room with 2 queen beds but by the time we are checking in there is only one bed rooms were available and we ended up to order another room in full price.  No wonder it's average rating is so low
4	We went to this hotel in October 2014 and stayed for two weeks. Yes two weeks is quite long but we wanted to have a vacation to Las Vegas!!!! This was a great location because it's near the strip as well as 4 miles from Freemont Street. The room was nice, cozy and clean. I felt very comfortable staying here. The house keepers came every morning and were so polite. I had a recurring ant problem though, but I didn't get upset as some because it's a desert in Nevada you are going to run into insects. There is a mini fridge to keep food in, but if you have any food laying out overnight you will have to throw out due to ants. The pool and hot tub area was nice and had friendly tourists to make conversations. Great ideal cheap vacation spot. Who needs to live on the strip!!!!
1	WORST HOTEL EVER. If there was a prostitute hotel. This would be it. There was more problems with this hotel than working things. The internet doesn't work, EVER. Thank GOD my phone has hotspot.
1	Not even worth the $45. My husband went cheap thinking that we would only be here about 12 hours. Never again. The rooms and the hotel are old - that was my first impression. My second thought was of an hourly hotel, if you catch my drift. The three beefy guys out front of the lobby wearing black "security"shirts and the crack addict who stumbled out off the lobby to talk to the other crack addict riding by on his bicycle really added to the ambiance. When we walked into the room, I almost gagged. The smell of mildew permeates everything and is emanating from the small bathroom. If it had not been ten at night, I would have left and found a different hotel. The bed was okay, very firm. The pillows were those little guys that disappear when you lay on them. The only toiletries were a small bottle of shampoo/conditioner (bring some conditioner and lotion, ladies) and a bar of soap. The bath towels were two very thin glorified hand towels. Oh, and did I mention that starting at 6am sharp, airplanes fly directly overhead every 3-5 minutes. Run the other direction, fast!
3	Clean and the personnel is really friendly, close to convention center and the stripAlso they offer complimentary shuttle to/from the airport and to the center of the strip so you will save several additional dollars on that. Economic rate less than 40 per night I will stay again
2	This place is terrible. So bad we lied to get out of staying a second night. Light and air don't work. It's liken a renovated motel 6, so shitty
3	It is a decent hotel for the price that you are paying for. This isn't on the strip so unless you have a car or is willing to taxi your way to the strip, it isn't the most convenient to get drunk in Vegas. But if you do have a car or taxi, it's just a quick drive, granted it still isn't walkable distance, but you can see the view of the strip from your window depending on what part of the hotel you are staying at.There is like one elevator in the entire hotel that you could take if you don't want to go through flights & flights of stairs. The hotel claim to have free wi-fi, but between so many people staying here, you won't be in luck with getting it to work at all. Room itself is pretty presentable, we had 2 beds, a fridge to store water bottles/food, and countertop to eat snacks off on. This isn't 5 star luxury, but I would be back if I want to save money, but still a decent place to stay because I refuse to ever resort to a motel.
4	2 things...I wright what I know.  We're checked in@Madigras Hotel & Casino.  Though, over these past, three years, service has always  been very good,  (old school style),  my last, (current) report, might not B All That!  I'm holding out hope .. BoomerNaut Cptn DanOk, that said:  1.  check in at the front desk went well, with the exception of, the front desk clerk for this evening, not having record for us, or, understanding how to access the system for additional customer benefits programs sign, sign in, "authenticated"  still don't quite comprehend what happened there...                              2.  Room was grounds level                               3. Charges exact on published rates, *Pet fee fully discussed....and there !  very very very important!Will continue the feed, as this transmission spools on.  Cptn Dan
1	Worst experience ever! For complaining about staff, supposed "owner" kicked us out of his hotel. Family member told me owner said, "NOW IT'S MY TURN TO TALK. Get out! ... If you don't leave now, I'll call security." If you ever stay at this place never complain. We booked this place months in advance and on the day we arrive we immediately get booted. I know it's owners prerogative to refuse service, but this guy is in hospitality business. This is crossing the line! Exercise extreme caution what you say to management!
4	Affordable rooms, close to the strip,  hourly free shuttle to guests to the strip. Casino right downstairs. Friendly service. Great rooms. Wonderfully sized for a room with 2 queen beds. Includes a mini fridge in the "kitchen" area. Would be nice if it had a sink.
1	Room service cleaned our room and took sheets off the bed not replacing them. Nothing like coming back from a 12 hour trade show day to find yourself with just a single sheet (fitted sheet missing from bed????) and a blanket. The sheets that were on the beds did not fit to start with, I think they put full sheets on queen size beds, the bed that does still have a sheet, has most of the sides of the mattress exposed.In addition to that-Fridge in room broken and stinks.Bathroom light switch is frightening and broken.Ghetto bathroom soap dispensers in shower with no soap.Tub barely drains, have to constantly shut water off to keep it from filling up while showering.Hair in sink and shower when we checked in.
