3	The dance floor isn't quite big enough for large parties. It's long and narrow so progressive dances become very problematic. It's more like a bowling ally than a dance floor! This only becomes a problem when medium sized crowds are there -- like 15 couples on the floor simultaneously. Ambiant is a good place to take small group lessons or privates because in addition to the ballroom floor there are three smaller rooms for private lessons. The sound system is substandard and gets worse as the size of the party grows.The owner is a knowledgeable dance instructor and his staff are very capable. He is very enthusiastic about the studio and that counts for a lot when it comes to building a dance community.The location is odd but once you know where it is, it's easy to find right off the 101.The Scottsdale area should have a ballroom that can provide for 100+ dancers but Ambiant isn't it.
5	We've loved the classes we've taken there.  We started taking classes before our wedding over a year ago, and we got hooked.  We were able to work privately with one of the instructors to prepare for our wedding in addition to taking weekly ballroom classes.  As beginners, we didn't feel out of place, and the others in our classes were very friendly.  After taking a hiatus for a while, we returned to find the studio had been expanded and renovated.  There's so much more space now, and more class offerings at a variety of levels.  We started taking one of the swing courses, and the instructor is outstanding and makes the class enjoyable. It's affordable too.  Such a fun mid-week activity and social opportunity.  Glad we found this place.
5	This is the best dance studio Scottsdale has to offer.  It is often hard for a beginning student to select a good dance studio.  All the dance instructors appear great to a beginner.  But not all of them are great.  Many are just learning themselves--some with only a few weeks training.  Dance instruction can be expensive.  To obtain value, the quality of your instructor is critical.  This is where Robert's Ambiant Studio excells.  Robert has created an atmosphere that has attracted some of the best instructor talent in the valley.  Many have competed nationally and internationally.  They continue to take coaching themselves to hone their skills.  They love dance and make the learning process fun.  And the best part is that the cost of an experienced professional instructor at Robert's studio is no more than the cost for a beginner instructor at some other studios.  Instruction is available for students at all skill levels, from beginners taking a group lesson to ballroom dance competitors.In addition to quality instruction, the atmosphere is friendly, welcoming and very supportive.  This is a reflection of Robert's own personality.   When we first visited Ambiant Dance we were met personally by Robert who greeted us with  "Welcome Home".   He meant it.  This place feels like home.
3	Nice enough studio but lacking in variety of instructors.  Jaime wastes a lot of time talking about himself instead of teaching.  Bridgette is a good, solid instructor.  Serious students want to study dance, not deal with egos.   Sorry to be offensive, but most of the really good dancers do not stick with Jaime.
