4	On the cups it explains how they traveled the world to find the best chocolate for their frozen blended drinks. Really? The world? Not just from Reseda to Riverside? And the whip cream? Did you spend months in Wisconsin at dairy seminars? Let's be real here. First off, CBATL kicks Starbucks hairy ass! Coffees are robust without being bitter. Unlike my surly lesbian Aunt in Fargo. She? Robust and bitter. But, she is, afterall, living in Fargo. But I digress. This location has a fun trivia game each day. The obligatory living room area is cozy and offers views of Scottsdale Road. But back to the blended drinks and the world famous chocolate. I really have no idea, nor do I care, but their ice blended mochas are mouth watering, toe curling, brain freezing dee lites.
4	The bean offers great drinks and really does deliver simply the best, as they claim. The staff is always willing to help make your drink perfectly suited to your needs. I think the vanilla blended is simply delicious.
4	I rarely give any 5 stars. And this one is among those. So, if you're a coffee fanatic, don't kill me. This specific caffeinated-buzz chain-establishment hasn't fail me.  They're very consistence with their espresso. Even in 115 degree heat I'll still stop by for some percolated drinks.
1	I love the chain: The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.The coffee is fresh and smooth and delicious. Any other CB&TL gets 4 to 5 stars from me.However, my experience at this particular store was not good. At all. My mother and I got out to coffee to catch up several times a week, and we usually go to starbucks. On this particular day we headed to CB&TL for "something new". Since we're not regulars, it took us a minute to order. There was no line, but the barista (guy) was visably irratated and rolling his eyes. I inquired as to whether or not my mother could try a sample of the tea latte to see if she liked it, and while the girl at the register was nice and tried to offer a sample of just the tea, her male coworker interruped and said "no, no we don't" and immediately turned away. The whole experience was less than savory.The cherry on top? The guy was clearly the supervisor.Great coffee, not so great customer service.
