4	I swear this place is a cover for some type of organized crime (Russian, maybe?) but hot damn if they don't have the best home fries in all of our fair land (that includes Matt's Big Breakfast... I know, right?) They always cook everything to perfection and it tastes really fresh. It's also the location of the original Mel's Diner TV show (EDIT: Korina and Pierre have brought some conflicting facts about this statement to my attention. So when I say "Really!" in the next sentence, I actually mean "Not Really!"). Really!Okay, here's what blows:-Disgusting carpet.-Awful bathrooms-Let's just say the waitresses (all are remarkably sexy in a scrappy exotic gangster kind of way... I guess you really have to see for yourself) are less than happy to be serving you. That goes for the "busboy" who, with the way he barks at the servers and talks shit about customers, is probably the owner. Actually, this guy kind of rules. So, back to the bitchy server girls. They never wear any clothing that could possibly be misconstrued as appropriate. Always teeny tiny jeans and shirts to match. So strange.-The decor is ridiculous. It's overly patriotic.-The clientele is a mixed bag of cops (cool), tweakers (uncool... but they get booted pretty fast), grizzled old men (intimidating, but cool), and aging republicans, complete with anti-everythingelsebutamerica sentiments emblazoned across greasy shirts (SO obviously not something I like). All in all, this place is about food and people watching. And, if you like those games where you make up stories about random passersby, you will have a field day with these people.
4	Great food, awesome cheap prices, interesting people to ponder, as the other reviewer posted. I agree, the carpet is downright foul. Matches the busser's  mood..never thought about it, but him being the owner would make sense.I hate walking in here hung over though, because I am always afraid the cops are going to smell the booze wafting from me like some cartoon...
1	NEVER EVER EAT HERE!  YOU MIGHT DIE!!!!!!!It is so disgusting.  The food tastes like grease and the omlette was scary.  A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!It reaks of smoke and is just plain nasty.  The only good think about it is the sign.  If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.  And I like diners.  My boyfriend and hunt them out in other cities.
3	this place isn't too bad. yeah, there is a weird musty smell, but you get used to it. The last time I was in there the smell of mildew and pee was very prominent, but I toughed out the stench and still ate there.The food is good and decently priced. The busser (Frank, I think is his name) is very surly, but really it's part of his charm. I think he is a riot.My other complaint besides the odd smell is my last visit there the service was not very good. Normally I've had good service, but this day the service was bad. One lady came up to me and my husband while talking on her cell phone and asked us what we wanted to drink then she would start talking on her cell phone. She came back only with my ice tea and forgot my husbands coffee.Then we had a different lady come up to us to take our order. We were there nearly 15 minutes before she came to take our order. They weren't busy at all on this day and we were the only other couple sitting in her section, so I don't understand what the hold up was.Other than that experience the other times I've eaten here the food and service have always been decent.
4	Mel's Diner. i had to give it a try, a schoolmate once told me it was a good breakfast, and a teacher concurred. i never went. but for some reason i wanted to go. so myself and 2 friends gave it a shot.i was quite shocked by what i saw, and i told my friends, who are now getting sketched out by the place, "remember, i heard it was good."i didn't read a yelper's review of this place so i wasn't aware of the umm decor. holy crap what a sewer of a diner. the carpeting as described by others is horrid. i compare it to what you might expect of a homeless shelter. or at least a squatter house.the attire of the waitresses was right on target with another yelper review. i couldn't imagine we went at the same day. so i guess it's the norm. think skanky truck stop hooker. and no not the child prostitute hookers. she was a lovely waitress, not nearly as bad as others have described. she was fairly cheerful and very helpful. i did not see the surly busser. but a sweet Hispanic lady was pouring coffee..i couldn't understand her, but only because she spoke very softly. love the misc. coffee mugs of random design. i ordered an omelet with sausage, i asked what kind of sausage comes in it, and she asked what kind would i like. :D WOW. a choice? i chose patty sausage because i cannot stand sausage links chopped up into an omelet. i just hate it. this was great. i was entirely pleased with the omelet. i also got hash-browns and sourdough toast.hash browns needed seasoning, just like all potatoes. i quickly aided my hash browns with the remedy. salt. toast was covered with margarine. eh. not a fan of that. but it was fine with grape jelly. :)my two friends ordered 1 egg with bacon. the kicker and you would think this would annoy a waitress. one friend ordered food 15 minutes after my other friend and i ordered. we even already had the bill. lol. she took the bill and made the corrections without anything that was even remotely ill temper. not quite as described by other yelpers.i give this place the 4 stars because the food is actually really good. and i enjoy the scum of the earth shit-hole restaurants. ONLY if the food is good. and to be honest. my omelet was better then any omelet i got at the Biltmore or the Princess. it wasn't super oily and it was simple and well executed. i will definitely be returning. maybe after a tetanus shot so I'm inoculated against fly :)cost was cheap cheap. 3 people with moderate breakfast orders. under 20 bucks.
3	Driving past Mel's Diner, I told my boyfriend, "We have to eat breakfast here before we leave town!"  For those of us who remember back that far, the TV series "Alice" was set in Mel's Diner in Phoenix.  Only now, the new "Flo" wears jeans & a t-shirt and has a tattoo and an eyebrow ring.The food was what you would expect...it's just a hole in the wall diner after all!  Actually the breakfast was pretty good, and the prices are pretty cheap compared to a lot of breakfast places.  The bacon was tastier than at most cafes.   Funky interior, about the sort of garage sale decor items you see at a lot of places like this one.  Though there was a cool old mirror in the bathroom, set just about waist height so you can check out how your pants fit after you ate a big breakfast. Lots of regulars seem to come in and the people watching is somewhat fascinating.
4	I work downtown, near the capitol, so when a coworker suggested we try Mel's Diner for lunch one day, I was game.  I had passed the place many times, but had no idea it was *the* Mel's Diner made famous from the hit show "Alice." Being a photographer, I was more interested in visiting for the photo-op than the food  so I knew I just had to bring along my camera and get some shots of this landmark...(http://www.flickr.com/photos/mimiahmedphotography/sets/72157623318556037/).  After reading some of the reviews, I wasn't expecting much food wise.  Low and behold I was pleasantly surprised.  I thought I'd keep it simple, so I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  I was pleased with my meal which arrived in a decent amount of time and was cooked as I had requested-- well done but still juicy.  I had cole slaw as a side which was simple but tasty.  Not bad for a lunch under $10.The staff was friendly and even the infamous "Foul-mouthed Frank" chatted it up with us for a bit and showed off some news clippings he'd saved from articles featuring him in the New Times and others.Overall, I enjoyed Mel's Diner and have been back since.
3	Didn't know this was the original set for the tv series until I went inside. It's a shame how run down this place is. Their crew were nice, but you would think they would have some kind of uniform policies? But their food were very good, I have been here twice and both times it took them some time to get our food out.
3	My husband and I came here on Sunday morning to have some breakfast and to take pictures. All of the servers were very friendly and took great care of us. They were not very busy and we got our food within about 10 minutes. I had biscuits and gravy, 2 eggs over easy, and sausage patties. The sausage was yummy, biscuits and gravy were average, and the eggs were undercooked to the point that when I broke the yolk it was like water all over the plate. The husband had eggs, bacon, hash browns , and toast. He thought it was comparable to Denny's ...so just average. The best parts about this place is the nostalgia, the prices, and the service. We paid about $12 for 2 meals, coffee, and soda. I may be back again : )And there were very interesting types of people coming in and out, this kept me entertained the whole time. Also a great couple sitting next to us bought a homeless guy some food....that was nice of them...I was going to do it ....I swear I was...they just beat me to it : (
4	I had a very pleasant experience here! Warmly and enthusiastically greeted immediately upon stepping foot inside the door by the friendliest waitress, Kristina! Excellent Service accompanied by beautifully prepared food. My husband's Double Decker Cheeseburger was ridiculously huge, perfectly cooked 100% REAL, (NOT mystery-) meat and just slightly melting cheese. Generous portion of perfectly crispy fries, and all fresh, trimmings. My ham & cheese omelet could have contained more than just a "sprinkling" of cheese, (hardly knew it was there!) but more than enough ham made up for it! The "skin-on" home fried potatoes, were absolute perfection! Kristina checked on us and our satisfaction an appropriate amount of times, and kept the refills of soda coming as fast as we could drink them! Table was kept tidy and clean as dishes were "whisked-away" as soon as we finished, for our comfort and relaxation after a great meal! I Love the place! It was immaculately clean, with charming, delightful accents throughout, and a very fair, reasonably-priced, more than enough "choices" menu, along with very nice people working here! Makes for a great restaurant to me?!
4	Good food at a very reasonable price. I was able to get two tasty, thick pancakes, 4 slices of bacon and two eggs with all you can drink coffee for less than $8.00. The food has lost of flavor and everything was cooked properly. Its a dive dinner, but the food is great.
3	I stopped in Phoenix to have lunch with a friend and he brought me here to Mel's.He told me Mel's Diner was used for the exterior shots of the '76 to '85 TV sitcom, Alice.APPEARANCE:  Mel's has seen better days.   The food was still good, but.... let's just say the place is looking and feeling a bit tired.   I went to wash my hands and the restrooms were... basic restrooms, older like the restaurant.   The soap dispenser was empty so I stepped in the woman's to get some soap.   Also when I sat down back at the booth I bottomed out on the springs and the boards supporting them underneath.  2 stars.SERVICE: It felt like a small local "diner" where they are very friendly and everyone knows everyone.   They're always smiling and happy to take care of most any request.  4 stars.FOOD:  I ordered the pork loin sandwich and my friend had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.   Both my friend and our server told me the sandwich I ordered was really big and boy they weren't kidding!    Check out my photos, it could have used 2 buns!   After having a cup of chicken soup, fries and that sandwich, I'd have to say the food is pretty good, yes diner food, but still pretty good none-the-less.   On the plus side, the prices are EXTREMELY reasonable!   3.5 stars.OVERALL:  The food is good, the service is very good and the prices are LOW.   But the building and decor is old and out dated.  I suppose that's how they keep the prices down............  I bet if anyone tells the owner they should remodel, they'll just say "Kiss My Grits!"   ;-)
3	First, ignore all of the old reviews.  That's a shortcoming of Yelp, that somehow in their default sort, a 4 year old review is higher than a week old one.  Ignore the oldies.I've lived in PHX my whole life and driven past this literally hundreds of times.  I heard they had new ownership and were giving it a better go.Mission accomplished.  We went for breakfast.  I had a fantastic gyros/feta/tomato/onion omelette.  The price and side dishes were great too.  Dad had a sausage and egg skillet and it was about twice the size of anything at Denny's or IHOP. Like all real diners, I'm there must be a Greek involved because gyros/feta/tzatziki pop up here and there on the menu.Some of the old reviews knock the decor,  It's been freshened and they removed the old flooring revealing absolutely beautiful real terrazo floors.Yes, it's still a bit dumpy (especialy near the enterance and the bathrooms) but hey- it's a REAL 50 year old, highway-side diner.  Go to Ruby's or 5 and Diner if you prefer your realty to be fake.The service was perfect, friendly, confident, fast and everyone helped - 3 waitresses and a busboy were nearly fighting to keep our coffee full.Can't wait to go back for the "hand cut and huge" pork loin sandwich which besides a side dish, includes  cup of really good looking chicken soup.I've only been there once, but anyone who knocks this place fails to understand what a true diner is.Edit and Update: After my 2nd visit, I am lowering it from my previous rating of 4 stars to 3.   I hyped it to friends and we all went there for gyros.  They were out today.  But the main reason for the demotion was the bathrooms.  They are just nasty.  Quaint and old is okay at the right time and place, but the bathrooms are trashed, worn out, dirty and poorly maintained.  Step it up in the can!
4	The food was what one would expect from the outside. Mel's is not a hole in the wall place with amazing food. It's diner with decent food for decent prices. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there. It's nearby so I go. Sadly they had no T-shirts for sale.  One would think that they would capitalize off the TV history.
4	Growing up in the 70's, Alice was a favorite TV show in our household.  I was feeling a bit nostalgic this morning, so I thought I'd drop by the place and give it a try.  I was glad I did.FOODI had the Greek omelette, which was very good.  My son had pancakes, which the cook made into Mickey Mouse.  Of course, I had to try the grits, and they were great.  SERVICEGood.  My son broke a bowl and they were very gracious about it.ATMOSPHERETypical old diner.  A little rough around the edges, but the booth and table were clean.  Interesting crowd of old-timers.  Cops, truckers, etc.  There were a few references to the show, including autographed cast photos and an original script on display.I'd say the new owners are doing a great job bringing a bit of pop culture history back to life.  I'll be back.
3	I was so excited to visit the diner which the show Alice was based upon.  Cool, old fashioned diner with nice service, but seriously how can you run out of grits on a Saturday morning when everyone comes to Mel's Diner for some "kiss my grits"?!?  The food was pretty good though...I enjoyed a gyro omelette, but still disappointed about the lack of grits.
3	Typical diner food price is really good 2 for breakfast under $20.00. The eggs were supposed to be scrambled but were too runny to eat. The bacon was good the biscuits and gravy was good. Love the fact that you could have a biscuit as your bread choice and add a side of gravy for $0.99. Will go back for sure.
4	Now this is a real great place to have breakfast! Hot coffee, and plenty of it, and the food is outstanding. Love the specials and  the corned beef hash was great too. The service is just the way I like it, keep the cup filled and with a smile!
4	Yes, THAT Mel's Diner!Cool place and good food.
2	Yes, this is the place from the opening credits of the sitcom "Alice" from the 70's.Located near downtown and roughly 15 minutes from the airport, it's in a seedy part of Phoenix and surrounded by industrial type buildings.Open only for breakfast or lunch, in this area, you could do much worse.  Food is diner food with plenty of calories and grease to go around.  Stick to the basics (not that the menu get's complicated or anything).  Eggs Bacon Hash Browns etc...  A cheeseburger at lunch.Not exceptionally clean.  Use the bathroom somewhere else before arriving.
4	So those of us from a certain age will probably enjoy the nostalgia this place brings to mind due to a certain 70s sitcom.  Equally for others of a certain age it may be nostalgic because it is pretty much the epitome of diners. I was in Phoenix visiting a friend we decided to give Mel's a try.  We showed up for a late breakfast.  I can't remember the exact name of what I got but basically it was a southwest style omelet topped with ground taco meat with a side of hash browns and toast.  The portions were definitely generous and the food was delicious.  Funnily enough, I can't recall if they had grits on the menu...hmm.Our service was great, I'm pleased to say.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  Definitely no complaints there.  The atmosphere was casual and sitting at one of the booths, you could easily carry on a private conversation.I'd definitely go back and try something different based on this visit.  Although that omelet was so good I'd be tempted to order it again and maybe a side of grits if available...
3	This place has been on my bucket list for a long time. I grew up watching the Alice TV Show and sort of forgot Mel's Diner really is in Phoenix. I didn't expect great culinary wonders here after all it's MEL'S DINER but the food REALLY was better than I expected.I looked at the menu and it was pretty basic so I thought grilled cheese or hamburger and went with hamburger. To my surprise they gave us cups of chicken noodle soup. The soup was home made and had fresh carrots and celery in it and the noodles were surprisingly fresh and not gooey.My hamburger ($5.99) was 7 oz. of fresh hand packed meat. I did need to add salt and pepper to it but it was very juicy and tasted very fresh. It was better than I thought it would be. The fries were just your average frozen fries just a tad better than Burger King.For $5.99 I think they deserve an AOK plus a Childhood Memory was fulfilled.
4	At 6:30 AM I think the morning rush was already over. There were only a few obvious regulars at the counter, not the larger collection of ranchers and truckers and locals I remember from a few years ago.  The few at the counter were talking utility rates and solar and weather in general and another a few seats away chimed in on conspiracy theories of it all being the result of government manipulation of the weather at some top secret government antenna installation in Texas where they'll shoot you if you get within 3 feet of the fence, and quickly got to Roswell and Area 51 from there. People watching (and eavesdropping) at its finest, but I digress . . I've only been to Mel's about  4 times but have never had a bad meal and the prices have always been reasonable or better.  This morning's meal was the 1/2 waffle special with 2 eggs in your style of choice, and 2 strips of bacon: $5.29.  Apparently endless refills of coffee: about $1.85. The waffle was I presume out of a box and was unspectacular but okay, and had an unusual just slight taste of salt.  My over easy eggs were cooked perfectly and the  two strips of bacon, if a little skinny for a bacon lover, were quite good.  I went in craving grits but to my disappointment there were no grits to kiss nor to even shake hands with this morning as they were out. As a Southerner, I commend and recommend the grits, as I have had them in the past at Mel's, not instant, cooked perfectly, neither runny nor semi-solid mass or mess.  The pancake's I've had in the past were perfectly cooked, generously portioned, and really good and really really filling.   My server this morning was in classic diner uniform with hip hair and a few visible tatts and piercings thrown in, but not too much to be off-putting to my semi aged sensibilities.  She was clean, competent, and quick with the service: my coffee never had a chance to get more than an inch down in the cup before a refill was on the way.   The place seemed, well - cleaner than I remembered from a couple of visits a few years ago.  .  My table and the tables throughout the place were clean, and there was not even dust on the window sill at my booth. There was no debris on the floor, food or otherwise anywhere in the dining area, front or back. And no musty smell.  I suspect the indoor smoking ban was not welcomed by many of the old time regulars, but there's a definite improvement in the atmosphere, probably in no small part due to removing some (or all?) of the old carpet.  The men's room has a single, very low to the ground toilet with a slightly over-size horseshoe seat, and a handicap bar on the wall that I'd bet many non-handicapped climb to get up off that toilet.  The toilet, semi ancient in appearance though it was, appeared to be clean.  The sink was of modern vintage, was also clean.  Both faucet handles functioned perfectly, though with the sound effect of a haunted house door when turned.  The wall below the sink where the plumbing came through might could use a little touching up, but no major lack of sanitation.  The soap, TP, and paper towel dispensers were stocked, and there was no trash on the floor.   Yes, the place is worn, but that's part of its Americana charm, and thankfully without a single goose in a bonnet with a ribbon tied around its neck in sight.  If you know (and miss) the classic American small town or roadside diner, I think there's a good chance you'll appreciate and enjoy Mel's both for the atmosphere and the food. It may not be "gourmet", but it's good, and the atmosphere (air), cleaner than it used to be!
4	I didn't realize this is the original Mel's Diner from Alice,the TV show. Good food, excellent service, good prices. The neighborhood is a bit less than elegant but so what. I enjoyed my breakfast experience at Mel's.
4	I didn't realize there really was a Mel's Diner.  I thought it was just a tv.  I ordered a burger and fries and the burger looks home cooked.  It was so yummy.  The service was fast and the prices are reasonable.  I will be back again.
4	I love the old diner feel--not old look new but truly old.  Had a standard breakfast of poached eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast.  All was fine, none was the best I ever had but there isn't much one can do to fancy up a poached egg.  Went at 11am on a Sunday and there was no crowd.
1	We decided to go to Mel's because there were four of us and Bragg's down  the street was way to small. This place seemed run-down and kinda nasty! The bathroom was awful! But all good cuz how can you ruin breakfast? Well I had a sausage omelet with hash browns and pancakes. YUCK! It wasn't even an omelet. It was cooked on flat griddle, overcooked by the way - wasn't fluffy and just didn't look appetizing. Sausage not very flavorful! Hash browns tasted like frozen - cold in spots. Can not recommend, but I'm not from here so try your luck! My friend said his home fries were really good. The refritos on my other friend's plate looked old, like they had been sitting around because they had a hard crust on them. I normally like breakfast at a diner, but, sadly, can  not recommend.
5	Came to Mel's for lunch when I was in town for a week going to school.  The best lunch I've ever had.  I had a double burger with fries.  Awesome!  The waitress was awesome!  If I'm ever in town again, I'm going to Mel's.
5	Gotta love this diner near downtown Phoenix and hey the seats have been reconditioned recently which gives your posterior a nice cushy feel. The coffee the specials and the wait staff are all excellent.
4	Born and raised in Phoenix, first time at Mel's Diner. We stopped for breakfast on our way back to Tucson. The staff was friendly and efficient. The meal was fresh, House Fries were homemade, not frozen. Pancakes were light and fluffy. We spent a little less than we would at IHOP and the food was much better. We'll definitely return to Mel's Diner.
3	The service is friendly and the food is made to order. Fresh and hot. The place is old but clean. It is in need of an update.
4	Went here for brunch, it was quiet and very nice. I like good food in a diner. I had a sausage omelette. The food was good the staff was nice, and I didn't get rushed to eat nor pay. I will most def, revisit this place. Thank you for the good eats.
5	Great atmosphere , old style diner, prices and selection are decent. Don't let the exterior fool you. Has a small town feel.
4	Classic diner with excellent food and service.
5	This is A historical restrant. Very nice people. Great location. Easy parking. Fast and easy. Good food.
