3	Gorgeous interior. Music could use some work on regular nights, but they do allow a lot of high quality promoters to bring in top-notch underground hip-hop and house headliners occasionally. For bottle service, this is the most spacious and well appointed club in the city. There's a huge selection of tables available, many of which are far away from the action allowing you to actually hear each other.Beware the door policy....it's very inconsistent.
3	Went here for visiting dj's from hollywood, ca. got bottle service and these service was not bad, although there were some fights that broke out that night where about 20 people were escorted out. will be agreeing with previous reviewer, door policy was not together, i was told my party needed to pay a cover despite the fact i was paying for bottle service.
5	It seems like Privilege is experiencing a comeback in PIttsburgh. I've only been to the club this year after it officially became a 'socially progressive' club so I can't compare it to past years but from what I've heard things the club has taken huge strides.
2	This is a pretty funny story. My friends and I came here for opening night  way back when. Phelps was being his high spender self and was ordering martinis and shots. The night had barely begun and chicks in skanky dresses were pushing and acting all hard. This one girl kept hitting my arm and it was really annoying. I don't really like this atmosphere but Phelps was paying, right? Maybe a half hour in and all of a sudden the girl who kept bumping into me turned around and smashed her martini glass into this girls head! Woah! What the Fluff? Glass was everywhere and the girl had blood running down her face. We were herded upstairs and with the help of some free drinks, started partying and dancing, forgetting the incident.  DJ Nugget was playing some sweet mixes. It ended up getting very crowded so I left.I did go back a couple of times later with friends, but only when my favorite DJ's were there. Since then it's gotten old. I never got a WOW factor from the place. They have valet parking because it is impossible to park in the Southside. I don't know why but it seems like all these types of clubs are filled to the brim with douchers! No thanks.
