3	To start I must say I am not a fan of mexican food.  With that being said, I really liked this place.  I took an out-of-town houseguest here because she likes mexican.  I was really impressed though.  They sat us right away and a drink runner/helper person came right away to bring us chips with three different dipping sauces.  The chips were extra salty, which I really enjoyed.  Our meals came with a cup of soup, a hearty helping of re-fried beans and an ample scoop of rice.  The shredded beef in my burrito seemed to melt in my mouth and the chicken in the taco was so juicy.  The whole plate came piping hot and smothered in a gooey mess of melted cheese.  They also have a promotion going on right now.  If you order two entrees or more, a host comes by to let you pick an envelope out of a basket.  Inside your envelope is a coupon for your next visit.  The only catch is you can't open it until you come back, so you won't know what you have won until you come back to eat there again.  I guess it doesn't matter, the food is so good I'd pay full price for it.Don't try to come for lunch though, they are not open till about 4:30pm.  Plus they are closed Monday and Tuesday.
2	I have eaten at lots of Mexican restaurant so I'm a pretty tough critic and this place was not that great.  I really was not that impressed. It's located inside the Cannery Casino so I'm sure it soaks up plenty of business from the people who are already there feeding slot machines their social security checks. I don't think I would go out of my way to walk through a smoky casino to eat here though. I find it funny that this place boasts "Las Vegas Review Journal The Best of Las Vegas 2008"... umm its 2011 that doesn't say much. I think the portions could have been better for the price. My girlfriend got fajitas and it was mostly vegetables. Overall our meal cost $29.17 before tip, I ate my whole meal and my girlfriend took home some vegetables.  I did like the chips and the two salsas and bean dip that came with it. If you're looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant go to VIVA ZAPATA'S it's just down the street on Craig and I-15 its way better.
4	This is a great place to sit down and enjoy a Mexican meal.  Food is really really good, the manager D'Ann is really nice and always says hi.  I almost always get the Fajita's, its filling and good.  Only once they were a little shy with the chicken.  Great prices, great food and great service. A+.
2	Decided to check this place out since we had a good experience at the steak house next door.  They brought us chips, 2 salsas and a bean dip.  Chips tasted commercialized, salsa gave me the impression of store bought that was blended and the beans came from a can.  Maye they didn't but it tasted like it.  I ordered the Mole poblano and a bowl of tortilla soup.  First they brought me Albondigas (Mexican meatball soup).  I sent it back and they brought me tortilla soup.  It was FILLED with thin tortilla chip strips.  It wasn't bad, I would say 2.5 stars.  The chesse was one continuous glob at the bottom but the broth flavor was decent.  Then the main dishes came.  My mole was WAY too sweet and had no spice in it.  The rice was crumbly, beans too dry but the corn tortillas were as good as they come from a bag.  I didn't finish my whole meal (or the soup).  Wife ordered a side salad with ranch and it was average (ranch was good and salty which we like).  Her fajitas were ordered with no tomatoes but came with it.  She ordered a side of cheese and the waiter didn't bring it out.  They also did not include the Guacamole like they were supposed to.  The fajitas were okay, had decent flavor from the "charring" but could have used a little salt.  The veggies were way too oily for my liking.  Overall, food and service I will not be going back.
3	We decided to grab some food before a concert we came to see at The Club. We did not go in the restaurant, but sat at the bar outside instead. It was happy hour so I ordered a Mango margarita for $5 and nachos for $5. The mango drink was delicious....not too sweet, which is also a concern with fruit drinks. Didn't really taste the alcohol, which is fine, because I was just having it with my meal. The nachos were ok. They didn't look like a lot on the plate, but they filled me up. I ordered a side of salsa, because I don't like the onions in the pico.I would give the nachos a 2 and the drink a 5....so overall I gave it a 3. I would definitely return for the drinks. The service was just ok.
1	Decided to try this place out after a friend recommended it. Out of four of us, none of us were impressed. The waitress was the only positive experience. The tacos were mediocre. The cheese enchiladas were tiny. The Chile relleno was extremely spicy when they are typically mild. They use cheddar mix blend of cheese rather than authentic Mexican cheese. Overall was just not impressed.
4	The food is always delicious. Basic Mexican fare- baked burritos and enchiladas. The bean dip is amaze balls. We come back for the food but the service is always sub par.  We eat here every 2 weeks and we either get the super slow non existent server or mr no personality that brings me an empty Tapatio bottle and insists they don't have Chalula even though I've had it there every other time.
4	The food was very very good. The service could have been better. It was a little on the slow side getting us in and seating us. Once seated we waited for our waitress, name was Nicki and she was terrific!
