4	This is one of the better Residence Inns in the country.1.  Overall this hotel is nicely maintained.  Built in 1999, it was remodeled a couple of years ago.2.  Beds are medium firm foam.   Very comfortable bedding here.  Big plus.3.  Food is a better than most other Residence Inns.   Tonight they had salads, vegetable platter, and wheels of different cheeses, plus brownies.4.  Very friendly staff...friendlier than most other hotels.Highly recommended if you have a family and/or pets.Overall rating:   4 stars in value compared to the rest in the industry.   5 stars for within the Residence Inn chain of hotels.
3	We spent four night here last week and for the most part, it was a good stay.  The location was convenient for getting around the Phoenix area.  The rooms are a good size, and clean.  The price was good.  They put out a pretty good spread for the free breakfast buffet, especially the big pot of oatmeal with sides of brown sugar, raisins and chopped pecans, although the hours could have been one hour longer.  So why three stars?  Housekeeping took my pillowcase!  I was bummed. We drove to Phoenix, so I brought my own pillow, and it had a plain ivory pillowcase on it, and they took it.  When I reported it to the front desk, they kind of chuckled and said that they would leave a note for housekeeping.  I didn't hear from them, so as we were checking out, I asked if it had been found.  The woman checking us out looked into it and returned with a shoulder shrug, and a little "Sorry about that" with a smile that said, "Oh well."  I know it's JUST a pillowcase, but it goes with the set at home, so I have to replace the whole set to have a matching set.  Crap.
5	I normally dont rate hotels since I stay predominately at Marriotts for my work travel (pet friendly).  This Residence Inn stood out because of the exceptionally friendly staff.  I was meeting a friend in Phoenix and debated staying at the Marriott Camelback Resort (also pet friendly) but we just opted for the Residence Inn since we didnt plan on spending much time at the hotel.  The pet fee is only $25 and they have a designated pet relief area, super pet friendly hotel!  I was impressed, I'm sure Duncan was as well!  Our room was one of the larger suites I've seen at a Residence Inn and the closets were also noticeably larger.   Also the pool was a nice size and not busy at all on the weekend!  The gym isnt large, but the equipment was new and there wasnt ever more than one other person each time I went in.  There isnt a whole lot in walking distance, but overall I was so impressed with this hotel! They also sell beer and wine in the minimart, which sounds insignificant, but was a rather nice surprise!
4	Thanks to a bum flight, I spent the night here on the airline's tab. I enjoyed my stay, though I was exhausted from a day at the airport and two return trips to the gate on a plane with mechanical issues. The employees were very friendly.  The rooms are nice -- kitchenette with fridge, 2-eye stove, sink, moderately-supplied cabinets and coffee maker. The flat screen TV is HUGE -- great for watching some Monday Night Football. It also rotates around toward the bed, which was very comfy. A few local restaurants deliver to this Residence Inn, so as the front desk for the menus if you don't want the hotel's room service. Their shuttle runs to the airport every 30 minutes, and they were ready for me at 4 a.m. with a very happy driver...way happy for that time of the morning, but it was most welcome... I wish their basket of goodies in the room had more than popcorn, and that they had more goodies for sale downstairs.
2	Fine for an overnight at the airport. Not a vacation destination. Needs a full restoration. Breakfast included.
2	This hotel is okay at best. If you are a frequent Marriott customer, you may be rewarded by an upgrade on your first stay but don't count on being upgraded after that. After 10:30 pm their free wifi slows down and becomes almost unusable. On the upside, it is very close to the airport and the 202.
2	Needs updating badly!  The unit I stayed in had a stove top that was not level and the ice maker in the refrigerator leaked water all over the freezer.  The ice was a big deal since there are no ice machines in the property.  Wont stay here again until it gets a much needed remodeling.
1	Car was broken into.  Found out this is a regular occurrence.  When I spoke with the General Manager I was told too bad, they aren't responsible.  No security on property and according to Phoenix PD this happens frequently.  I'm out over $500.00.
4	This hotel made me sad I was traveling alone - I wish I could have had all my friends. While not a posh hotel stay, this is cozy, clean, and friendly place. STAFF: Are wonderful! I was first picked up promptly by their complimentary shuttle from the airport and the man was so friendly and informative. The shuttle was also timely in taking me to an interview the next day as well as into town later. All of the front desk people were helpful and sweet.ROOM: Definitely a place to stay if you are in town for awhile. Stocked kitchen, spacious living room/bedroom, and bathroom. The TV swivels for all parts of day.FOOD: I got in late at night and was so grateful they had a little market place where I could get a salad/sandwich and drink. If it wasn't so late I would have picked up a beer too, how great they sell that!  The breakfast was SO MUCH BETTER than normal hotels - and complimentary! Ball out of the park! Eggs topped with cheese, salsa, green onions; waffles with blueberries, pecans, and syrup; fruit! Thank you!! There are also social events M-W evening, which I was so sad to miss. What type of hotel is this? I never wanted to elave!OTHER: The pool was really cute, with really nice tables around where families and friends were partying all night long. Like I said, I wish I had my friends there.One note, I called for a wake-up call and did not get that. But I can forgive them, because it was a great stay - wish I had a reason to come back.
4	Nothing spectacular, but no complaints. Actually one complaint. I couldn't get on the wifi. Nice heated pool and hot tub. Great complimentary breakfast - yes, they do have waffle irons, if that's what you were wondering.
1	This place is deceptive. The lobby is recently renovated, kind warm receptionist, free parking, but OH MAN are the rooms disgusting. I don't know if they are currently under renovations but my room was old and dirty. Some points of concern:Trash was still in the trash bins.Kitchenette looked like it hadn't been used in years and the fridge had a strange smellWeird spare day bed in room with sheets that looked like they hadn't been changed in a whileWallpaper peeling off the wallStrange locked closet in my room. Creepy dudes hanging out in the parking lot ALL DAY Paper thin walls This place will do if your traveling through for 1 night but these rooms are set up for extended stays - I wouldn't want to spend any length of time in there
1	Waiting for airport shuttle for 40 minutes. I quit! Absolute BS - your 1.6 miles from the airport. Nice job. I'll thankfully get on the 3rd Fairfield shuttle I've seen on my wait. Slackers.....
5	Super nice people. Took us to the cvs when we needed it, airport shuttle was on demand and friendly, brekafast was good and free beer and dinner on some nights. What's not to love?
1	The end of my time at this hotel is over, checking out tomorrow. Thankfully the MLB pre-season is over and I can get into a Hilton property. My job brought me here with little notice and for the past 6 weeks this was the only place in the area that had space for the length of time I needed. The good, the staff at the front desk and breakfast area are very nice. The property is clean and for the most part the place is quiet. When you have to move your life to a hotel and work out of a suitcase you come to expect a few things. Fresh towels, coffee, and the bed changed. I don't think my expectations are too high. Here I've entertained myself by betting that I wouldn't have coffee from day to day, I started to hide packets for the days I wouldn't have any left by housekeeping. So to come back to the hotel to find that the coffee pot hasn't been washed or the coffee grounds are still in the pot wasn't a surprise. The time I came back and found yesterdays trash in the plastic bag taken from under the sink and left on the counter where I had food. Today was the 4th time in a month and a second day in a row that housekeeping didn't come to my room. When I called again, I was told that housekeeping was gone for the day and they apologized. Again, the one star is for the friendly staff at the desk. My complaints were to have been taken to the housekeeping supervisor, I don't believe that there is one because I never got any follow-up to my complaints and the poor service by his/her staff continued.
5	They newly remodeled all the rooms and hallways .. its a very nice remodel and the staff here is excellent .. its a great location mext to 2 main freeways and the chinese cultural center . Also hospitals and great food is near by ... I would recommend this place for a quite nights stay
