1	Crooks. Do not buy a vehicle from these people. Once they have your money they no longer care about you or the condition of your vehicle.They only have 15 day implied warranties on their vehicles. They rig up their vehicles to break down right after the warranty expires.I do not see how they have stayed in business for so many years.Again do not buy a car from them because you will be sorry..
5	I have been buying my vehicles from Dynamite for the past 22 years. I feel like family. I have never had a bad vehicle in all the years I have been dealing with Dynamite Auto Sales. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about their products. If they don't have what you are looking for they will help you find it. stop and and see for your self, tell them Sherri (Karaoke) sent you.Just a thought:Sometimes people take things for granted, and blame others for what they themselves have brought upon them. I get that we all have our opinions, but get the facts right before you bring someone else down with you. People get tired of the poor me syndrome that others impose on others. Step back and gather all the information before accusing others for your mistakes.This is my opinion, take it for what it's worth.
1	Horrible place to do business! They claim to have been in business for 20 years and I doubt they have ever cleaned the place or had an OSHA inspection!Sales person Cesario lies and is a master in Bait & Switch. Owners more interested in Skiing trips than customer service (too busy to talk)STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS / You have been warned
5	I had a terrible time trying to get a car with some bank issues and only being in az for 2 months, but Ceasar was extremely sympathetic to my plight and helped me look for a car.  I see others rated poorly based on the cars they got breaking down. Let me ask who goes and gets a car without getting it checked out? Me? I am not a car idiot. I looked at every car inside and out and test drove them. And know a thing or two about cars ;) I bought one and they even made it possible for me to pay it off in less than a year! I have not had one issue with the car I bought. It's in perfect working order and had over 100k when I bought it! Still going strong! I highly recommend Ceasar and also recommend you bring a mechanic savvy person with you as these are used cars and you take a gamble any way you slice it.
1	My girlfriend and I bought a car here in May. Within a week we had replaced tires and suspension and had to have the ac worked on since that died. I took it to a garage for an oil change and they found a massive oil leak. What was thought to be a $1,200 fix has now turned in to a several thousand dollar fix. They say their mechanics policy is "if it ain't broke, don't fix it". It seems like they forgot to mention the other part of their policy. "If it is broke, just ignore it. It's not our problem when it leaves the lot". Stay away from this place at all costs.
1	We bought our son a 2004 car here about a month ago. So far, we had to have the clutch replaced. Luckily it happened within 3 days of purchasing it so they fixed it for free. BUT, the car has been giving our son trouble when trying to start it. Dropped it at a local shop to see what is wrong. You name it - it needs replaced! Over $2000 to get it fixed. And some of these things are safety items and shouldn't be driven by anybody! I DO NOT RECOMMEND this place at all and I WILL NEVER EVER return! Total rip off kind of people! Not trustworthy! I can't imagine doing this to people every day. What kind of people are they? What a sad day.
