5	Highly recommend! Clean facility, professional yet friendly staff. Dr. Arde was especially knowledgeable and helpful. I will definitely be back!
5	Very impressed with the service!  Very professional.  We had to change dentists because of insurance and were nervous after having the same great dentist for years. however, Dr. Arde and his staff made us feel very comfortable.  We've found our new denstist!
5	I liked this place, everyone was very friendly and professional. Initially, I rated them at four stars because I scheduled an appointment 3 weeks in advance, and was called the the week of to reschedule. They couldn't fit me in any sooner than 2 weeks after that, so I ended up waiting 5 weeks for an appointment. Despite that, everything went smoothly during my actual visit, and Dr. Stulic was very knowledgeable and helpful. Now, a little over two weeks after my appointment, I am so happy with how my new crown and other work feels that I am changing my rating to 5 stars. I am actually excited to get more work done... so while I am slightly disturbed by that fact, I look forward to going back.
5	Very friendly and clean!
1	I'm very suspicious about this place. The first time I went there, the dentist was so heavy handed and did not go over a lot of things with me as far as my dental condition. I had to probe and ask questions. He also seem to be in such a hurry to get out of there.The 2nd time I went, I was shocked to see different people, different staff and different doctor. I was assured by the 2nd dentist, hygienist, and front desk receptionist that everyone will be there for my 6months cleaning and check-up.Today I arrived and found different staff. New dentist, new hygienist, etc. when I made a comment about me noticing different staff, the hygienist had the nerve to tell me 'well, why did you come back if you feel uncomfortable'. This place is a joke! I wouldn't be surprised if they would have a totally different staff 6 months from now.
5	Went in for a dental cleaning. Very nice. Friendly. Professional. The dentist is not rushed, answers questions, and very professional.What  more can you ask for in a dental clinic?
2	The people at this office were very nice and the place seemed new and clean. However I went to this dentist as a second opinion from a Dentist that I went to see a couple of months earlier that wanted to replace a crown on one of my teeth.Arcadia said they not only wanted to replace that crown but also wanted to replace 2 others and a tiny cavity they wanted to drill as well. My main concern though is that they quoted my twice as much for a crown replacement as my other dentist. Only after I questioned it did they mention their is a less expensive option I could do but they wouldn't warranty it. I understand that businesses are in business to make money. I just hate that a Dentist needs to be that way. Why do they have to try and do as much work to you as possible in the most expensive way. Healthcare shouldn't be done this way, but all to often I think it is in this country. So hard to find a dentist that isn't concerned with their pocket but rather with what is best for the patient.
1	My initial experience with Arcadia required me to wait 50 minutes after my appointment time. I filled out this patient satisfaction survey and was contacted by Arcadia a day later. Arcadia offered me a second visit at the $40 introductory price. I accepted.6 months later I come to my appointment, having forgotten about the "deal" I was offered. I explained to the manager who greeted me that I was here for a free cleaning. She immediately, and rather rudely and bluntly, corrected my error. "I'm the manager here, and I would never approve a free cleaning!" she snapped at me. I apologized and said I might have been mistaken, that perhaps she could check my file. She did and discovered my offer had been $40. She also made the point to me that, "the dentist and hygienist from your last visit are no longer with us," presumably to comfort me.I proceeded with my cleaning. Before the cleaning officially began my hygienist, Ms. Briggs, gave me a minute or so pitch on why I should buy a Sonicare from their office. When I mentioned buying it off Amazon, she stressed that if I purchased it from their office, I would receive a 2-year warranty, and that their Sonicare was the newer version, as opposed to Costco. It is a weird feeling to have to turn down a saleswoman who is inevitably going to be cleaning your mouth for the next 45-minutes. Your dentist's office shouldn't be pushing Sonicares like a street vendor. If you want to offer them, that's fine, but it shouldn't require a patient to have to (multiple times) turn down your sales pitch. After I turned her down I then spent the next 45 minutes dealing with one of the most painful cleanings I've ever had. When I was done Ms. Briggs informed me that I should expect to be "sore" tomorrow because of how bad my gums were. Every time I spit, for about an hour after, my spit was rust colored from blood.I'm 31 years old. I've gone to two other dentists for the duration of my life, one of whom, Dr. Michael J. Cooley of Chandler, is rated as a top Arizona dentist. I tried Arcadia because it's next to my new office. With that being said, I've never had a cleaning that was anywhere near as painful as what I received, nor have I ever had a hygienist tell me I was going to be sore for the next few days, nor have I ever been spitting blood out for hours. Ms. Briggs then, at the conclusion of my cleaning, informed me she'd like to schedule my next appointment in "4 months" because that was how bad the situation in my mouth apparently was. Again, not one dentist or hygienist has ever, in my entire life, ever recommended I come every 4 months.The conclusion I've reached: Arcadia "Modern" Dentistry is in fact very modern, if we assume that "modern" means focusing more on profits than people, firing dentists and hygienists because they're just cogs in the profit-making apparatus, attempting to get you to come 3 times a year to boost their profits, and trying to make a hard-sell on Sonicare's as you're propped back in a chair with a bib on. I'm going back to my old dentist. Sure he's not close to my work, but his office isn't owned by some corporation. It's just him and his name is on the door. If the future of dentistry is making the experience of going to the dentist like buying a car or life-insurance, I'll take the old-fashioned approach over Arcadia's "Modern" dentistry any day of the week.UPDATE: Upon posting my review I was contacted by Arcadia Modern Dentistry the next day. They told me they saw my Yelp review, were sorry I felt the way I did, and would be refunding my $40 cleaning fee. They assured me my feelings concerning their business practices are not accurate. I do appreciate that they reached out to me.
1	I went in for a cleaning and left with a TMJ stint that won't fit, a constant migraine, ringing with sharp pains in my ear, a mouth that can't bite or chew and crowns that feel like they were for someone else's mouth that still flaking cement & digging into my gums. The cleaning & initial x-rays went fine & were with staff I saw when I was there a year ago, however the dentist I had liked Dr. West was no longer there so I kept an open mind and gave Dr.Gomez & his assistant Mark a try with two crowns (one on each side of my upper back teeth) Here are a few of the things that went wrong:They ignored my concerns as I addressed them including instructions I had from my TMJ doctor that said to use a bite block & allow for breaks, between 7:30am & about 1:00pm I got one break when I asked to use the wash room. My husband also had an appointment for the same time and was left with no time estimate for my completion resulting in other missed appointments.The assistant Mark paid no attention to what he was doing, having to be reminded to put gloves on, chatting with the dentist about what he did for New Year's, putting pressure on my face with the tools, stretching my mouth out to where I had to ask for vaseline for my lips several times which are cracked sore & peeling today.The doctor had the water & the assistant had the suction leaving me with a sore throat from swallowing much of the cement.The doctor didn't want me to leave until the bite was perfect but when I realized he was taking off from my perfectly fine bottom teeth to make his crowns work saying sometimes you have to do that and I just had to leave.Dr. Gomez didn't seem to understand what TMJ was and that the stint was to realign my jaw & not my teeth and didn't get why I wouldn't let him adjust it to fit his work since the stint was so thick. He said to come back so he could fix it but I just don't trust him & am hoping that there is another dentist at that office that can make it right before my TMJ appointment on Tuesday because I don't want to get my stints adjusted for dental work that still isn't right. When I was leaving I couldn't get anyone at the front desk to acknowledge me and was in too much pain to wait.
