3	Honduran in focus, gargantuan in scope - Morazon has it all and in huge portions.I mean, friggin' HUGE. Plates like movie props from some Roman Banquet, piled to overflowing teetery, waitresses wrangling the cramped dining space to get it onto your table before things start tumbling down. If you're a meater, these plates are for you - and there are a hundred to choose from. A fav at our table was the Pollo y Plantanos - green plantains piled high with roasted chicken, bone-in, sauced and covered with minced herbs, 14 bucks for more food than you could share between three. Veggies are going to have to do some picking and choosing, and will probably come away with a Chile Relleno, or maybe some papusas, and if you're lucky and your espanol es bueno, a Burrito Vegetarian. There's breakfast to be had, plantains both sweet and non, lots of cheesy, beany options, and the papusas aren't bad. But not amazing either.Which is pretty much the theme - flavors, on the MexiEcuaHonduraCharlotte Scale, were some midway between Azteca's blandness and 3Amigo's sharp - so the salsa was meh, but the sauce on my Relleno, awesome.  Cheap, quick, and decent. I'll be back.
5	nothing like chicken soup from a central american joint to bring you back to life after a rough night. Obviously I had the sopa de pollo and it was pretty delicious and an absolute monster of a portion. hangover aside, finishing more than half of it would be some kind of challenge. It came filled with chicken, potatoes, carrots, squash and a big serving of rice.I also got a baleado, which is sort of similar to a quesadilla but with a different sort of fluffier thicker tortilla which at $3.25 filled with cheese, beans, eggs and sour cream is a real steal.
3	The chicken soup and grill shrimp are so yummy!!!! The plantain is sweet too! We went in late on Friday night around 11pm, and I got to say the area didn't feel safe at all around this time. You'll see a lot of random people on the street or parking lot. The service is ok, bc they have a soccer game on so the servers were more into the game than customer. However, the food is worth our time. Maybe, next time I'll go in during the daytime.
5	I'm from Chicago and this place had the best Tortas  I've ever tasted!!!  Thanks Charlotte!!!
5	Surprise surpriseStopped in strip mall in east Charlotte  And found a real gem Latin food the way it is suppose to be .Did not look like Tijuana throw up.Recommend by the whole family
4	Great Honduran restaurant with a menu catered to less adventurous diners who consider fajitas "branching out". I recommend picking out a handful of house specialty apps and an entree or two to split it with friends. You can't beat leaving with full bellies, to-go boxes, and an average of ten bucks a person. I'm one of those less adventurous eaters who tried fajitas the first time I dropped in. They were good, but pretty greasy--even for fajitas. So, my boyfriend convinced me to return and let him order. Now, the Choripollo will be something I'll be craving again before long (see photo). I give it 4 out of 5 stars only because their Mexican is half of the menu but not their calling. Make sure you check out Las Delicias across the street for chocolate cake or their chocolate mice with almond slivers for ears (they taste like Swiss Rolls).
5	Visiting Charlotte and found this place. LOVE IT.
4	Food is really good. As authentic as you will get in Charlotte. Homemade tortillas are thicker then the usual. Great as tacos or a side for a soup. Refried beans were dark in color with a slight kick. Horchata was refreshing. Everything was on point and we enjoyed our meals.However, the service leaves much to be desired. Divas crowd the front cashier area and lack the proper etiquette to attend to customers. They border on rude and disinterested in servicing you. It took awhile before a waitress came to seat us despite the front cashier area had all these women there catting amongst each other. Out of the eight I counted, only two were busy trying to handle the busy afternoon crowd. Why they were loudly bumping rap/hip hop music in the foreground is beyond me. This place has the potential to be a great restaurant that could attract a broader crowd, however it's managed poorly and is reminiscent of a Latin hood joint.
5	Best place ever!! Love it here. EXTREMELY AUTHENTIC MEXICAN and HONDURAN food. I'm extremely picky when I go out to eat Mexican food since I'm Mexican-American. This is my go to place to eat with my boyfriend. Great atmosphere and extremely friendly staff. If you come eat here brush up on your spanish since the servers speak mainly spanish. So many options on the menu! So delicious and big portions! I had the steak and chicken sopes and a side order of fried plantain. My boyfriend had the mixed quesadilla which comes With shrimp chicken and steak. YUM!
1	Went here with my husband expecting a delicious meal based on past reviews. First problem was the service. The wait staff was very slow to greet/seat us and just plain rude. Drink glasses were filthy and one was leaking with a crack. We got a visible eye roll when we politely asked for a new glass. The food was decent but Pulgaracito just a few blocks down has WAY better food and staff. Sorry Morazan- we won't ever be back!
5	My favorite place for Mexican, Honduran, Salvadoran etc food. So much selection, all of it great. This is where I discovered fried yucca, which is so much better that potato fries. Carne asana is superb along with the fried tacos, publanos and cream sauce and all the other sides that come with it. I will never get over how good there food is.
