4	Inside TI and open 24 hours! My friend and I grabbed a late night/early morning grilled cheese with a side of fries. The sandwich was deeeeelish, although it is definitely Vegas prices. (And charges for things like ranch, which kinda sucks). But hey, when you're hungry, you're hungry, right?Service was pretty good as well! Recommend for late night yummies if you don't mind spending a bit.
2	Typical 24 hour diner-style restaurant. And this place is in connection to Pho at The Coffee Shop next door...Oh gosh I can't imagine how awful that would be! Anyway it is good The Coffee Shop is at the TI. My girls and I stayed here and whenever us and our new found friends wanted to eat we just came here because it was open after the club ! The food options late at night are limited...I guess breakfast is what everyone goes for! Got the Ham & Cheese Omelette and was sort of disappointed how the cheese was literally a slice of Kraft's Cheddar Cheese just placed onto the omelette...It didn't even melt all the way....The taste of the food is so bland. Lacks tons of flavor and I didn't feel like anything was wow about this place. Mehh.... Go to the Grand Luxe Cafe across the street! Much better.
3	Located in Treasure Island, and is opened 24 hours a day, is this American Diner Theme Eatery place. It's convenient diner food, which is all that is remarkable about this facility. The service could be better, it was slow during my visit. The dining hall is dead on 0630 on a Tuesday morning, and it took us at least 15 minutes to get our place mats, additional flatware, and water? And then another 15 minutes to get our meals? Some how I think the staff needs caffeine injections. Food is ok, it's swimming with the heavy use of butter on everything. It's a diner place after all - don't expect anything healthy from here. Just fill you up and then rush to a tradeshow.
4	I'm surprised that I'm giving a 4 to a Coffee Shop...not something I usually do. However, my husband and I really enjoyed our breakfast here! The service was fast and efficient and the food was delightful. I got the Huevos Rancheros...and I consider myself an excellent judge of this since I get it everywhere. OMG it was REALLY good, perhaps the best I've ever had! And it was gigantic!My husband got the breakfast sandwich and he loved his too!It's a coffee shop, so if I wasn't staying TI or Mirage, I probably wouldn't get out of bed and walk down the strip to go back, BUT if I was staying at a hotel near it, I DEFINITELY would return!!
4	Simple flavors that taste home made. Nothing special but it tasted fresh. There was tons of meat on the Turkey Sandwich and we left paying $25 for lunch which is pretty good for restaurants on the strip.
2	My friends and I were hungry after hitting up the club and surprisingly there are not many places to eat at that are 24 hours. All I could think of was Earls Sandwich but that was way too much work. Luckily we found out that Treasure Island has a place open all the time. The pho is only open until 2:30am or so but the american side is still open. The prices are jacked up cuz they know that at those wee hours, people are willing to pay. I got the club sandwich with fries and my friend got the chicken noodle soup. The food took forever to arrive and it wasnt even good. It was straight up average. The sandwich looked really good but after tasting it, the turkey was dry, the fries werent crispy, and the soup was just bleh. My sandwich alone was $15 so I thought that was overpriced even though portions were quite big. Well you cant really complain when you are starving and its 3am. **TIPS**1) Open 24 hours for the American food and located in Treasure Island.2) Meh food and service but no other choice.
1	Service is bad, very overpriced for it's value. If it was better service I'm sure the food would've tasted slightly better. A second cup of water would be nice too.
1	Bad service and bad food.. The soup was so salty that the waiter had to bring out a kettle of hot water for all the guests and warn everyone that it was "a little salty". The chowder eventually turned to a broth. Also the main dish sucked too.. My dish came out cold.  The servers were rude and every time we tried to ask a question they would cut us off. They charged us extra on the bill without informing us either. Seriously worst place I've eaten in Vegas. The buffet at Treasure Island is 100x better and costs about the same as well.
