2	Linda would groom both my dogs. I enjoyed her service but unfortunately left that place because she no longer works there and the two lady's that took over are horrible groomers and the prices went up.
5	This post is for to Chloe H.Your guinea pig was matted. That's why you got it shaved. When animals are matted the hair is in a big knot and it pulls the hair and sometimes, in your animals case, pulls their hair out. There for, when you shave an animal who's hair is matted to the skin it often leaves bald spots. It is also RED because the hair was matted and it hurts. It's like you having your hair up in a ponytail all day and its pulling your hair. Your scalp is tender. Also.....YOU try grooming a guinea pig. It is not the easiest thing to do. They are small and get scared very easily, which is why sometimes they don't come out looking the prettiest. I searched "Matting" on Google and here is what it says." ' Matting" refers to densely tangled clumps of fur in a pet's coat.  If a coat is not properly and/or frequently brushed, loose and live hair become embedded in large masses.  Sometimes "mats" can be combed out, but if left too long, it is impossible without seriously harming the animal.  Matts can form in both the outer coat as well as the deeper undercoat.  Sometimes severe matts form in the undercoat and are unnoticeable because of a heavy outer coat.  If left completely unattended, a pet's fur can become entirely matted to such an extent that the only recourse is to shave the entire coat. Leaving skin red, and sometimes bald spots. Causes : Matting is especially prevalent in long-hair dogs during seasonal shedding if the excessive hairs are not removed. Regular and frequent grooming--especially brushing--is absolutely necessary to not only prevent mats, but to keep your pet's coat and skin healthy. Dangers : Severe matting can be extremely painful to your dog during brushing.  Brushing only causes live hairs to be pulled out of the skin with excruciating pain. Even mild matting can cause your pet a great deal of pain.Matting can cut off blood supply to extremities, and deny regular air circulation.  Skin denied fresh air and stimulation from regular brushing becomes quite unhealthy.  It can turn dark pink to red, and open sores are apt to form emitting foul odors.  Even organic matter, like weeds and stickers, can become embedded in the skin. Matts have been known to contain stool of the pet and even fly larvae that further irritate the skin. Remember, sometimes these mats and their consequences can be completely hidden from view."So next time you want to write a bad review on someone make sure your not in the wrong!
5	This is for Chloe I'm sorry you had to blame me for your neglect on your g pig this sore on him was from him pulling his own mats out I had four of my customers watching the process and they saw the sores on your g pig before I shaved him    I would have been nice of you to come in and talk to me instead of your viscous slander against me   you didn't even have the common courtesy to bring him in or pick him up yourself I showed and explained everything to the people that picked them up   so next time YOU neglect your animals take the blame for yourself instead of blaming me or someone else.  Oh ya and I have been grooming g pigs for 40 years and have not ever hurt one and I'm not about to now
