5	The foods are very delicious!!! It's the first restaurant which has porridge & many dishes in Vegas.
3	I came with high hope for this place because the chef came from a previous Chinese restaurant where I really really enjoyed his cooking. However, I left pretty disappointed after our visit here. If it's not for the taro/yam balls with tofu pudding dessert, I would give 2.5 stars. When you first walk in, you will see a buffet line at the left where you can pick two or three items combo. It came with either rice or yam porridge depending upon your preference. I tried two different type of bamboo shoots, roast pork belly, roast pork and tomato with eggs for the combination. We also ordered dry pork (pork sung),crispy intestine and spicy stinky tofu on the side. Besides crispy intestine was not bad, everything else was like 2 out of 5. The small dish of dry pork (pork sung) was $5 which we found it so ridiculous. We were fairly unsatisfied and disappointed. Till we got our dessert tofu pudding with taro/yam balls, I was semi happy with the meal again. The taro and yam balls are nice and chewy, pretty comparable to Meet Fresh. As far as service, most Asian places have pretty terrible services I have to say. This place was not an exception. This one young guy works in there seemed like he doesn't want to be there. He also seemed very impatient every time we asked him for stuff. I think I might come back and try their beef noodle soup and other dessert in the future. On the side note, they sell ramen which I found it odd.
3	It's good to learn about this place serving TW lunch/late night snack style buffet with varieties (3 or 4 items) to go with sweet potato porridge or steamed rice at your choice! There are some traditional dishes, such as bamboo, 3-cup chicken, braised pork, non-deep fried stinky tofu worth of trying. Won't be as good as the authentic ones in TW, but at least you can taste a piece of feeling here in town.
4	Want some taiwanese food?? Here's the place to come! Cute little store located in the chinese plaza (where 99 ranch is located, i think the location is a bit off on yelp)  There's a buffet line where you can choose a few items to eat as a dish or you could order off their menu for a rice place or noodle bowl. I was dying to try to mala stinky tofu but they didn't have any :( :( I guess they have to get the ingredients from further and isn't always available, so i'll make sure to call next time to double check. Other than that, the food was good to me. Also, probably want to bring someone that speaks mandarin, I think they probably could speak English but definitely mandarin is first language.
3	I happened to be at Chinatown today and decided to randomly walk in this place. Nothing fancy, nothing spectacular.Honestly in Chinatown, we shouldn't expect any type of customer service. At least the girl at cashier was smiling...I appreciate the fact that they put pictures of food on the menu. When I see the name and its description, it's not as appealing to me. After looking at the menu, I decided to order Three Cups of Chicken Rice (or something similar to that) which came with marinated chicken, rice and some veggies. Chicken was too salty for my taste and was dry. I also noticed there were a lot of tiny bones in there. My friend ordered Pork Belly Rice and it was pretty good. Pork belly rice also came with rice and veggies. Pork belly had a good flavor and was very juicy and tender. I should have ordered this considering how dry my chicken was. I noticed they have varieties of ramen. Can't remember exactly but had a lot of options. Sora ramen is my go-to place for ramen but might be interesting to try it here. Restaurant is empty so you definitely don't have to wait to get in like Sora!Looking at other yelp reviews, they have pudding dessert which I did not see on the menu. I would go back to this place to try that pudding dessert.
3	One of my moms friends recommended this place so we went and had lunch yesterday.We did their $7.99 special of 3 dishes and porridge (if you've read my other reviews you'll know I'm mostly paleo so I ordered the porridge aka congee for the other ppl at the table).So what you do is go further into the restaurant and choose the dishes (on the left) that you want and then have a seat.  I wanted two meat dishes and was told that I could only get 1, so it's 1 meat and 2 veggies.  So I got the braised chicken drumsticks, cabbage and bamboo shoots.  There were 3 pieces of chopped drumstick which probably made up of one full drumstick, the favor was spot on on what braised Taiwanese meat should taste like so that was good but man I was still hungry after the meal.  The cabbage was ok, typical veggie dish and the bamboo shoots were bla.  My mom said it's bcs it's canned.  So this place received an A for inspection which is cool since they have an open kitchen and was preparing food right in front of us but the smell of sewage was gross.  I mean I know it's not their fault for a bad building foundation and drainage but if you are going to dine in, try and sit by the front.  The waitress didn't bring any water or tea so you'll just have to make sure you ask for it. They had Chinese news playing on the TV screen.All in all it was an ok meal.  I think if they gave a little more in portions it would be worth the meal.  My mom is still gripping about the price today haha
3	This is an OK Taiwanese diner located in the Chinatown plaza. The service was a bit slow, and they totally forgot my sister's order of a strawberry smoothie.I got the braised pork over rice with pickled vegetables. It was okay, but it was definitely not the best braised pork I've had. My sister got ramen, and the broth just tasted like chicken broth. She thought the noodles tasted like "rubber bands" which is not a good sign.The bubble tea was pretty decent. The tapioca was very chewy.
1	The guy wiped his nose, didn't wash his hands, went ahead to make my food with his filthy hands. Freaking sick. Freaking sick. Freaking sick.
