5	I used to go to Albertson's back in orange county, ca, but I have seen the light.  First, the prices, even Wal-mart has nothing on them, not to mention you don't have to walk through some ginormous crowd or wait in line to check-out.  Which brings me to my next point, the check-out is completely automated; finally, somebody has figured out I am capable of finding a bar-code, putting it up to the reader and, putting my item in the bag (although, the times I've been so far, one of the workers ran up and placed my items in for me!).  And they live up to their name!  Fresh and easy meals, ready to heat and serve, around $3 for the ones I've seen, sufficient variety, and they taste good.  They have even sold me on the up-sell, the complimentary items they place next to what you're looking for are not even annoying! Wow, they actually compliment what you're going to eat.  I never thought I'd ever be this stoked over a grocery store.  The only drawback I've seen is that it is only open till 10 pm (I'm a late worker).
4	For an entire year my dinner decision was made by this Gorcery Chain. Here is how it worked: I would drive the Fresh and easy on Nellis, and then I would walk into the store and go to the clearance section. Basically all the food that was going to reach it 'sell by' date either that evening or the next day, and I would pick from there what to have for dinner, and possibly breakfast, and sometimes even lunch. I then would walk out with enough food for 2-3 people for under $10 and not have to cook a damn thing. Unless you consider 4 and a half minutes in a microwave cooking, and if you do we need to talk.Now I think everything was decently priced. Milk by the single gallon is cheapest here compared to Food4Less, Albertsons, or Vons/Smiths. The best single thing they sell in my opinion is their cilantro and lime flavored chicken wings, 1 pound for $3.99...delish!
3	The 'Fresh' part of this chain's name brings up a desire for juicy fruits and veggies, but their produce sections are kind of lame.  I don't like their "produce packs" because you can only buy in multiples of 3.  If I need four lemons, I have to buy six.  And produce is just one little aisle here. All their pre-packaged food is good and easy, but sometimes really high in fat content.  And most of these products tell you to microwave them, but that can cut nutritional value in veggies, so I always pour the stuff with veggies in a pot and cook them slowly.  They need to get rid of their shampoo/toiletries to make room for more produce to better live up to the 'Fresh'.
5	Thank you Fresh and Easy for taking the anxiety out of grocery shopping! An intimate setting with not too many intimidating isles, no extreme lighting, no excessive frozen food isles, and not a huge selection of anything to confuse me. I am not a fan of shopping (pause for reaction), especially FOOD shopping so having a local market such as Fresh and EASY is fantastic for gals like me who like to run in and run out without any hassle. Pre-made meals (and now healthier versions available) make dinner choices on nights where cooking just isn't an option, make my life even more fantastic than it already is. They even carry toiletries (kinda pricey), so it's great if you swiped your last swipe on your deodorant stick and it's an emergency. Lets talk about the staff. FANTASTIC! Of course with any business there's always THAT guy who just doesn't want to be there, but besides the occasional Scrooge, the staff at F&E is generally pretty rad! Thanks to the geniuses that created the concept of less is more, you have saved me from a prescription of xanex just to get through my food shopping excursions!
4	Fresh and Easy...sounds like a strip club. Sure, if a strip club is full of great deals, tasty  ready made foods and offers coupons ALL the time. I am in!Pros1)Sign up online and receive even better coupons then the ones in the paper (Usually $10 off $50)2) Lots of choices of ready made, take the thought out of, what the heck am I going to have for dinner tonight, meals. YUM3) Earth friendly...self checkout (often with assistance of a member)..pro - bring your own bag to bag stuff. They even have designated parking for hybrid cars.Cons1) They do not have a good of a selection as your regular grocery stores do2) Watch the dates on food...they can be very close to expiring...BE WARNED!Over all though, I am a Fresh and Sleezy fan. Good service, good food, and great prices. What else can you ask for!
3	I have to be honest... sadly as much as i like f&e (mainly for the AWESOME coupons i get $5 off $25) I am a vegetarian so my cart will usually contain 70% veggies/produce that being said their produce is really bottom of the line...either SUPER close to expiration/ expired/ or just looks expired :( a few times when i have made it thru the meat section to grab my man a steak the steaks looked VERY iffy as well and i found a few expired ones as well that i pointed out to the stocker.... On the PLUS side the cheese selection is FANTASTIC. I LOVE to buy flowers from here and the large 1 liter water bottles of f&e brand are PERFECT for me to take to work....So It's always a HIT and a MISS for me :/
4	I left my office early just so I could pick up something quick from here and the doors were locked at least a minute early at 9:59. The worker inside didn't even have the guts to approach the door and talk to me about their hours. He just sat there with his arms crossed, no thought as to what my choices are in grocery shopping.
3	Fresh and Easy has not responded to my inquiry I made through their site, not even an automatically generated reply.  Regardless of whether you view my concern as trivial or important, you at least want to acknowledge that you're listening to your customers and explain the situation.  While the automation of the checkstand is nice, customer service should not be.  Regretfully, at this point, the store is no different from a vending machine that works most of the time, but does nothing when it eats your dollar as you pound on the glass in futility.
4	711meets whole foods (and there you have it). Not quite as good as trader joes but it also has less frills and les hippie pretentiousness. Nice quality neighborhood market. They have great pre made meals and great lemonade & tea.
5	Oh how I missed F&E! They have a huge selection of pre-made meals (OMG carnitas bowl and burritos) and other equally delicious grocery items. I personally like their salads and chocolate bars (maybe at the same time) and they also have a great gluten free section if that's your thing. This is like a Trader Joes, but better. I can do my entire shopping here and they always have coupons, which saves me even more money. Also the people that work here are super nice and really helpful. I wish I could take this store with me up to Washington.
3	Shop here practically every day.Biggest gripe is they spam me with coupons, specials in my email daily but you still have to "load" them onto your Friends card or scan a stupid coupon that expires in 5 hours. They need to get their online app better.
4	Recently moving from Summerlin, I kind of missed having one of these just minutes from my home. Being a former and now once again resident of Green Valley, I remembered this location and came back.It's a pretty nice store. Very clean and lots of items to choose from that I typically shop them for. Kudos to the manager and employees of this location because I wasn't expecting much when I walked in. Last time I shopped here is when the location first opened, so of course it would be clean and the employees extra friendly at that time. Nice to see that after about 3-4 years later, they are keeping up the great work. Love this store!I also like the increasing amount of vegetarian selections I've been seeing lately. :)
2	I hate how they just stand around and let you bag your own stuff, even when they're not actually DOING anything!
4	Store was clean and looked like all the other Fresh & Easy's. I have no complaints. Bought my groceries. Went home and ate some food.
3	It IS fresh here... But its NEVER easy. Had to get help 4 times on an $80 order. Usually i cant find help at all. The nonsense with their cards and having to register them online is also a pain. If you dont have a card they wont scan a store card for you either. I will keep coming here though for fresher food than i find elsewhere.
2	Meh. Missing the old location.
5	Everytime my boyfriend and I come here we get treated so nicely. They always greet us and talk to us like we're all best friends. We prefer going here over all grocery stores because of the great employees. Today we even got a sandwich with our groceries from the spikey hair guy~ Thank you!! :)
5	I have a complaint. These darn employees are too freakin nice. I would come into the store looking for some food and next thing I know, we're talking about mashed potato cakes in a magazine.I've been here about three times with different sets of employees. In all cases, very approachable and super helpful. I love the fact that it's 24/7 as well. Come in at 2AM for something to munch on. I'd rather be here than going to some fast food place.I enjoy the fact that they have food that's all prep'd and ready to eat. All that'd required is some cooking, microwaving, tossin, etc. They also have a rewards card and honestly, the conversion from $ to rewards isn't too bad, compared to other cards. They even have "special"items that either give a fixed amount or multiplied by "friend points." On top of that, coupons. Did I mention they also have an app?All in all, amazing place. Food is food; the price isn't that much more expensive than at WalMart. Healthier food may seem more expensive, albeit you do get what you pay for. Customer service here and their employees, I wish every store had these people. The world would be a better place.
4	I didn't spend enough time in here to make any friends, but I wish I had. Everything was easy to find, and the prices aren't bad. I need to come back and look in to the pre-made stuff everyone's talking about, because I hate to cook, so I shall return :)
3	F&E sells a couple of Non GMO products that some other grocers don't, with an affordable price. I love getting my non-GMO tofu here for 99 cents! This location has okay service, and most times it's busy but the flow of customer traffic is not congested. I can get in and out with no long wait. I love the discount section, I always find good deals there.
4	4 Hass avocados for under $4?? Yes, please!One of the only places that sells microwaveable artichokes (I cannot properly steam an artichoke to save my life, nor do I have the patience to wait 45 minutes for one to cook). Always clean, super friendly staff. Every time I'm there I swear I get asked how I'm doing at least 4 times. And no sideways looks when I go up and down the same aisles 20 times because I am indecisive. They are always super quick to help when you need help checking out (say, an ID check when you are buying alcohol). I love that they sell things in individual-sized packages. I live alone, so I really do not need the family size package of chicken breasts. This is one of the few places that has the smaller portion sizes. I wish people would not complain about F&E employees not helping you bag. That is not part of their job. No baggers, all self checkout, concrete floors - these are all parts of the F&E business model that keep prices low, just the way I like them. Also, you can link your phone number to your friends card, so if you don't have your card on you, you can just input your phone number - you don't need an employee to swipe a store card for you. My only complaint is that I wish there were a greater selection of fruits. Lots of empty crates (although I guess it is a good thing that people are gobbling up the fruit!). I'd also like to see more fresh cut fruit in packages (I'm lazy). I'd also like to see them sell the little half-packs of eggs and half-loaves of bread.
5	This fresh and easy is very nice, very easy to get into and has it all. The clerks are very nice and helpful and they have the cheapest bottled water in town.
5	I really do love this store.  This one is close to home and I have one close to work.  They make my busy working mom schedule a whole lot easier,  especially at dinner time.  This one has a self serve Smoothie Bar coming soon.  I can't wait!!
4	This Fresh & Easy is great now (after the recent renovations). The store seems to have more options now. They are open 24 hours, have a lot of items on clearance, fresh made meals, and they make it super easy to eat organic/no GMO by providing so many great options. Trader Joe's produce is slightly more reasonably priced, but other than that Fresh & Easy is the way to go.
