5	I am a student at Wester Internation University and doing a project for my "Designing an online business" class and called about as many local web design/marketing companies as I could find on google and couldn't get anyone to take the time to talk to me to answer a few questions. Then Joy from Tempo Creative returned my call, took the time to answer a few questions and she sent me a PDF file listing their services, fees and packages. It was so kind of her to do that and shows just how customer service oriented Tempo Creative is. Thanks for the help, when I go into business I am calling Joy at Tempo Creative.
4	These guys are amazing! Josh and Joy are great to work with and were very professional. I have had experience in web design and Search engine marketing. The team here did such a good job that I would highly recommend them. I work as a Prepaid Legal Associate and I needed some help getting my web presence out there. I was referred to Josh by a friend in Portland. Josh and his team built a sick website for my friends business and I was really impressed. I contacted them and they gave me some great advise on what I needed to do to maximize my presence on Google, They helped me set up Google Analytics so I could start tracking my visits, They helped me set up conversion tracking for my site. They really know there stuff when it comes to web site design and SEM. I really loved the twitter marketing ideas and the email marketing. I did not need a website myself but the ones they built for my friend were really great. Why? Well not just esthetics's, I'm talking optimized, content filled, Non Flash centered quality websites. The Title tags were great, the Keywords were dead on, the Meta description was short sweet and perfect for the new Google Caffeine algorithms. I also really enjoyed the hot design they created for my friends site. Very fresh and modern, I would almost say "Hip."  The follow up was great and the customer service was really good as well. They responded back to me in no time and I always got a warm friendly person on the other end. Good stuff guys(and Girls)! Keep up the Good Work.Bryan www.prepayforlegalhelp.com
5	I recently started an impromptu political campaign in which I needed a strong web-presence. I had been searching for a web-design company for some time that was willing to work with me one on one to create the perfect website. Tempo Creative ended up being my first choice after contacting them due to their wonderful customer service and willingness to answer all of my questions. Doing business with Tempo Creative was a pleasure, and I couldn't be any more thrilled with the results they provided me! They took the time to really get to know the type of web-design I wanted, and were very attentive to all of my requests. Not to mention, their creative team of designers who suggested a few ideas that really took my site to a new level.I will, without a doubt, strongly recommend Tempo Creative as a web-design company to all of those in need of a professional work as well as a personable experience.
5	I recently decided to re-brand my business, and after having negative experiences with various web design and marketing companies, I came across Tempo Creative in my wanderings on the internet. After speaking to them, I knew I had made the right choice. They understood what I envisioned for my business, and gave me well thought out suggestions for areas that I had overlooked or needed improvement. I was so pleased with the amazing product they delivered for the re-branding, I decided to do my SEO campaign with them as well, and have seen nothing but results! I have received high quality service and materials from a team that is willing to go the extra mile to please their customer. Check out Tempo Creative, you will not be disappointed!
5	I needed to redesign a website and tried to do it myself and it sucked. Should have saved all that time and just went with Tempo Creative....They really took a load off my back  - html, dreamweaver, flash, stylesheets - what a headache.... These people know how to deal with all that stuff. They made my site look professional and taught me how to get people to LOOK at my website with their marketing magic. I am so glad I put my website in their hands and now I can move on with my life.
4	A good friend of mine from Phoenix knew I was starting up my own business and referred me to Tempo Creative. She knows I have zero skills when it comes to website building and as everyone knows- it is essential to have a site to be credible nowadays.They were friendly professionals who took care of everything. I had a fair idea of how I wanted things and I'll admit, I sometimes have issues communicating how I wanted it to look, but they took care of me without any problems whatsoever.I haven't really worked with too many site builders, so I don't have much to compare with, but they know their stuff. Oh. I also forgot to mention, it is a BIG plus that they also take care of the marketing side via the site.
5	A quick Thank You to the Tempo Creative Team for really boosting our sales with the internet PPC campaign and SEO.  We ended 2012 with one of our best years revenue wise (been in business since 2005) and that is HUGE considering the economy and election year!  Thank you again and look forward to maintaining this momentum into 2013!
5	Tempo has done three websites for me, one for my band which was awesome!  one for my home business which is equally awesome and one for a high tech corporation.Cutting edge, fresh, unique and polished.  These guys are the best!
5	I had the pleasure of working with Josh and the Tempo team in AZ for about a year-- web design, hosting, and SEM-- and am so glad that I did. Josh is a breath of fresh air is just one of those people that "gets it". They are professional and provide outstanding work, but most importantly (to me) are a breeze to work with. They were so proactive in reaching out about the website and SEM that I didn't even have to think about it-- a huge relief and time saver for me. Unfortunately our relationship ended when I moved to a firm in CA, but I still think of Tempo and wouldn't hesitate to give their name to anyone I know.
5	I briefly worked with Josh and the team at Tempo a few years back.  My website was already created by another party, but Josh provided me with invaluable assistance when it came to marketing and execution.  He introduced us to one of his news broadcaster friends in NYC, and we were invited to do a promo on TV.  Pretty cool and I definitely would not have been able to do this without Josh and the Tempo team.  Kudos to them!
