4	Had dinner at Bianco Pizzaria with some ole high school friends.  I got their early so I had a glass of wine, didn't realize it was going to be $14, my bad.  However, the wine was excellent, it was just a little out of my budget.  We ended up sharing some pizza's, and had an appetizer of tomatoes and mozzerella cheese covered in oil, the homemade cheese was excellent.  I am a mozerella cheese lover so I thoroughly enjoyed that!  Our service was great, and to our luck they weren't that busy, so we stayed a couple of hours and updated our life events.  It was an enjoyable night all around and the food was very good
1	Not my type of pizza! We had the pizza with prosciutto! Nope not liking raw meat taste! Also not enough cheese, no flavor in sauce either! I guess just because Oprah and Gail said its good, people are going just to find out! Boy did we get fooled! Rather have went to Oregano's or Nello's, well even Pizza Hut would have been better! Won't be going back at all! If you like bland and thin crust, it's the place for you, if you like the flavor of Italian herbs and garlic go somewhere else!
4	Walked in with no reservation, a little before 7pm, on a Saturday, with no wait. Word has it that there's hours of waiting at the downtown location. I personally will never wait an hour or more, for any restaurant. Anyhoo, service was good, pizza was good, antipasto app was great. As a NY'er, I wouldn't crave this pizza, but it's fresh, local ingredients are noted. We'll return to try out other menu items.
5	This place never disappoints me. The pizza looks, smells, and tastes delicious. I never leave feeling terribly full or bloated like other pizza places do. The drink selection is nice. Best pizza I've had out here since living in Boston and Connecticut.
3	This is a famous place for locals and visitors to greater Phoenix area. There are three locations to choose from (although one of them is in Tucson). One of them I visited, I love the atmosphere of restaurant and it's friendly staff. However, I was not impressed with a greeter (person who allocates seats for you).If you like thin crust and wood-fired pizzas, perhaps, this is one of "THE" places in the states. One of their signature pizzas is "Rosa" which has Pistachios (unusual but great!). * Service: Average (you might experience slow service during busy time)* Price: reasonable - Even though this is a famous place and has long wait time during busy hours and weekends, they offer reasonable price for their menu* Atmosphere: Average (dark and noise and some people may or may not like)* Food Quality: For the price and service, it is good and delicious!* Parking: The location that I visited has plenty of parking lot but the original location has limited parking lot (both of them are free of charge)* Recommendation: Of course, their pizzas
