4	The short:Delicious, tasty flavors with fresh toppings at a decent price. Service was friendly and helpful, and the shop was very clean and cheery. The long:Living off 20th St. and Camelback, I already had two frozen yogurt places with walking distance. I'm glad to add The Chill as a third--best of all, it's the closest to my house, and I think it's most conducive to becoming a neighborhood joint (if fro-yo places could become neighborhood joints). Immediate parking can get sketchy, especially earlier in the night when you have to compete with the patrons dining at the restaurant next door, but there's a load of parking in the big lot facing Bethany Home and around the back on the south side of the shopping center.We stopped in to visit on a pretty chilly night, and I wasn't surprised to see the place empty aside from an employee who was busily making sure the machines were clean. As soon as we walked in, she greeted us warmly and offered sampling cups to us. I was impressed with the array of flavors--just as many as the chains with flavors just as unique and enticing.I'll admit, I'm a sweet yogurt fan, so I neglected to try the tart, but the four flavors I tried were awesome: red velvet cake, cake batter, pistachio, and peanut butter. The cake flavors were tasty, the pistachio was fine, but for me, the peanut butter was the clear-cut winner. My boyfriend had the chocolate, mint, and coffee, and all of those were good, too. The coffee is for die-hard coffee fans--it tasted like a decent cup of good, black coffee. The consistency was smooth and firm--no icy crystals or drippiness, which are both pet peeves in any frozen dessert where those factors don't belong. The fruit looked fresh, but unless there are blueberries, I tend to go for walnuts, almonds, and granola, and those were all fresh and tasty. My boyfriend obeyes his usual sweet tooth and went for the standards: Snickers, Milky Way, mini Reeses Pieces, and chocolate chips. There were a couple dozen additional options and a shelf of the regular sauces--butterscotch, chocolate, etc.--and everything was tidy and looked good. I'm also glad that their toppings bar was an island instead of a one-sided counter so you couldn't get stuck in a line of slow toppers mulling things over. As far as price, it was comparable to the other places, and we received a flyer with coupons at our house. I've also seen other coupons for them online (Amazon.com just e-mailed a half-off deal this morning). For a new store, I'm impressed that everything was so together. I guess the true test will be after the place has been open for a few months, especially through the cold season, to see if they keep up with the fresh toppings and well-made, yummy fro-yo flavors. We tend to make a frozen yogur run every 2 or 3 weeks, and we're looking forward to coming back here. I want to try their Cookies and Cream!
3	The peanut butter had hardly any flavour and the vanilla was more tart than sweet but I really liked the red velvet cupcake. There were a ton of toppings - from name brand candies to fresh fruit to atypical toppings like chocolate covered sunflower seeds - and I ended up with more topping than yoghurt. Just under $10 for two people since they charge by weight. It wouldn't be my choice place but it was decent.
2	I consider myself an expert on fro-yo. I have been to numerous self-serve yogurt places and tried most of those more than once.  So, from experience, I know that The Chill just isn't very good. The yogurt is Grade C quality. Just not that tasty. The toppings are the same as you'd find anywhere else, but even if you piled them on, it still wouldn't make the yogurt taste any better. Sorry.
4	I came here with my son one Saturday.  The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting, but somewhat small and crowded.  The yogurt is tasty and has a reasonable amount of topping.  A good clientele.
2	I wanted to like this place because of the convenient location, but I found the yogurt to be too icy and lacking flavor. It was a perfect weather night but I had to endure blaring radio ads while I sat on their sidewalk. Not the right place for middle aged adults.
2	Even with a 50% groupon.....not worth it.  so many other Froyo places nearby.
1	Toppings galore! NO argument here. Tasty? Forget it. This really makes me sad because its a newer biz in my hood and I wish those only success. NO parking! Gal behind counter could have cared less if I was there. Her book must have been fascinating! Lots of competition. Will not return.
1	No air conditioning, we weren't greeted or acknowledged at all by the one employee wearing headphones, every flavor of yogurt we sampled tasted like ice and sugar and came out melted, aaaand the toppings were stale and disgusting. No thanks!!
1	DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE ! previous employees words.  there are so many other froyo places cheaper and better service than this place. Richard the owner used stale yogurt instead of replacing it( to save money) , grabs toppings to snack on with bare hands, and doesn't replace toppings till all gone which become stale and hard. Way to expensive for my taste especially the condition of the product. The place is very well maintained other than the fact that they have a bug problem on there cold bar where they keep the fruit which is not fresh ( replace till empty) so it can be 4 day old strawberries which sit in there till almost rot. coming from a previous employee this place is not so good . just being honest for publics sake.
