5	Great prices.professional environment. Clean and friendly. Best salon in town
5	Had my hair cut and styled today!  She did a fantastic job and even said if not happy with cut she would recut at no cost to me so I would be happy with it!  I think that's awesome!
5	Had my hair cut and styled by Kendra on 12/31/13. She really took the time to listen to what I wanted when other stylists in town have not. I'm picky about my haircuts because I like to wear my hair very short, yet I still want it feminine looking. Kendra did a great job! She told me that because it was the first time she cut my hair she would redo it if I wasn't totally satisfied within a couple weeks. Kendra also suggested a couple products for my hair type. Friendly staff. Reasonable pricing too. Will go back.
1	Do not go to the salon they destroyed my hair Two years of blonde highlights two years of work to get my hair just right I went in just for a root touchup and more highlights My whole head end up turning white And then the manager Jenny Came to supposedly fixed it and made it worse it was fire red At the end of the day I was there for seven hours They bleach stripped and destroyed my hair Completely damaged And still walked away with no blonde highlights and a red brown color No blonde at all two years down the drain The manager was also very rude And told me I shouldn't complain because I'm not paying So therefore it's okay for them to destroy people's Hair and at the end of the day it's okay cause you don't have to pay She told me to find another salon that can fix my hair Dirigible hairdresser was pretending to be very nice And considerate telling me she felt so bad At the end I was outside waiting for my ride and heard her saying all kinds of bad things about me That I did this all on purpose cause I didn't want to pay yet I walk around with a $3000 handbag Do not go to the salon if you want your highlights done you're better off going to Chandler It's worth the drive
2	I spent $32 on a trim. It was a dry cut. No shampoo or blow drying done. And a tip was requested. Honestly, that cost was pretty damn high for what I received. I won't ever return but ask before you commit to any service. I did not expect it to be that much.
