5	Love the music here, a mix of 70's, 80's and 90's. The burgers are grass fed all beef and are very delicious and if you're in the mood for comfort then get some wings they are bigger than Buffalo Wild Wings and they have a good selection of sauces to go with and even have an all you can eat wing option and all you can eat salad bar. We will be back and nice touch with the throwback arcade games.
1	This place used to be called Chicken Bonz, as they specialized in chicken wings and had a few other items on the side.  They were pretty good and I ate there all the time.  Used to being the important part.  A few months ago they broke from the franchise and renamed Meat Chix and Wieners.  Really?  Who calls a restaurant this?  I tried it out a few times after the change but today was the last straw.  We walked in and ordered the usual, 6 WIngs medium for me, same for my wife, Ranch and Blue Cheese dip, large fries to share and two drinks.  Well they changed their menu and no longer have medium sauce or Blue Cheese.  What kind of wing place doesn't have Blue Cheese.  My wife changes her order to a Portabello burger with onion rings, hot sauce on the side.  Almost $25 dollars later we sit down to wait.  And wait...and wait some more.  25 minutes later we get our order. Did I mention this is a cook to order fast-food place.  Orders used to come out at lightning speed, sometimes before we had even filled our drinks and sat down.  Not anymore. We were assured several times that our food would be right out by who we think was the manager.  However she grabbed her bags from the office that was set up in a booth in the corner of the restaurant before we got our food.After all that waiting you think they could at least get the order correct, right? Nope.  My wife got her burger with their trendy version of french fries that look like little more than thick potato chips.  No hot sauce, no onion rings.  I get my 5 1/2 wings (one was a mutant or from a baby chicken) , ranch and no fries.  She goes to cashier (the only person no working outside of the kitchen BTW)  and let her know.  A few minutes later we get the onion rings, but no sauce or apology.  The food itself was OK, but again used to be much better.  The wings were small and thinly sauced.  The order of "fries"  was small and not particularly good.  My wife did say the Portabello burger was good.  I really wish I didn't have to write this, since the previous establishment had been so good and we went there often.  Whatever changed in the past few months has certainly been a bad move on Meat Chix and Wiener's part, and I don't think they'll be seeing us again.
2	Bad bad bad.  They changed the whole menu. Just bad
1	So dissapointed. I used to go here all the time when it was Chicken Bonz. First they changed their fries. The old thin fries were really good when fresh. The new fries were boring and lacked flavor. BUT the chicken was still really good and so were the sauces. So I kept coming and just ordered chicken. Which was good because they got rid of the combos anyways. Well today I went in and ordered a 5-piece Chicken tenders. They no longer have a Honey BBQ sauce. Now they have a BBQ Honey Mustard and Sweet Bourbon BBQ sauce. I didn't like the sound of either but I chose the Bourbon BBQ. Yuck! I'm glad I got the side of ranch as well. As soon as I got the chicken I could tell it was way different. I picked up a piece and almost all the breading slid off the chicken leaving a oddly square shaped piece of chicken. The breading (when it stayed on the bread) was overly seasoned. It actually overpowered the chicken itself. I'm just disappointed and will have to find a new place to get good chicken fingers. Everyone working in the restaurant was super nice. They kept pushing how healthy the chicken was since it was
4	Before we even ate anything, I already liked the place. We were greeted right away and as we were waiting for the eats, we were entertained my the one liners on the wall, "Do you have a sunburn or are you always this HOT?" LOL, I'm easily amused-- don't judge me. Servers were very nice and checked on us often. I saw some beer taps that seemed to be installed w/ no handles so I'm assuming that they're going to have alchy in the future? Please??We had an All American Burger, Beer & Brat (I think that's what it was called) and Crispy Chickpeas. Everything was pretty good, the only complaint that I'd make if anything was the bread for the brat was dry, flavorless and fell apart, otherwise it was good. My hubs says they need more TVs since we don't really have an organic meats eatery sports bar. We have something back in San Diego called Bareback Grill that's a sports bar/organic meats restaurant that this place reminds me of, miss it!We enjoyed our visit, laid back atmosphere, organic meats, friendly staff-- def a repeat visit in the future. Hopefully they have beer next time ;)
4	We had lunch at Meat Chix on a Tuesday.  It was later in the day (around 2), so we were the only ones eating, but 2 other tables came in after we ordered.  The service was fantastic, very friendly.  The food is made to order, so we had to wait a bit, I'd say about 10 minutes.  Food was piping hot when it came out.My wife had the corn dog bites, which were ENORMOUS and only $8.  These are clearly handmade, the batter had excellent corn flavor and the dogs inside were thick and juicy.  They are served with housemade honey mustard, which was solid.  Also good with ranch, or my favorite, classic yellow mustard.  On the side, the wife had cottage fries.  These were a little overdone and crispy, which I like, but she doesn't.  These were probably the weakest dish of the meal, but were still solid.I had the bourbon bacon cheeseburger and onion rings.  The burger was cooked to a perfect medium.  I feel like a lot of places these days ask you how you want a burger cooked and then cook it medium well no matter what you say.  Not MCW.  Very juicy and flavorful.  The bun was a soft sesame seed bun, which tastes good but loses something in structural integrity.  I had to finish with a fork, but that was fine, it was a fantastic burger.  The patty had a nice crust, and was juicy to the end.  Lots of bacon and they use a nice cheese.  I would order this burger again.The onion rings were unlike any I've had, I would describe the better as almost funnel cake like.  It was light and very crisp and had a bit of sweetness.  We really liked these, and an order is huge.  Definitely share these.  Excellent service and quality handmade food.  Recommended.
4	Well, dont let the name fool you.............. this was a nice surprise . The food quite good, the onion rings were pretty damn good, served cold would have "ROCKED" if served hot~   The place has a fun feel to it with the drawings & pick up lines on the walls .   The only issue were girl taking our order & serving the food. Both had issues keeping the orders straight... They were not busy and our orders still were not right however it was just a matter of getting the right food with the right sides on the right plates...... this would not put me off on returning. The girl who took our order was helpful on explaining the menu. The next time we are in the area we would come back if in the mood for a dog or wings.
3	Let's go to "meet chicks and wieners?" ... haha ... that's exactly what I said to my friends who were from out of town but we actually wanted to try this place out.   This place used to be Chicken Bonz ... I love the chalkboard wallpaper where they have pickup lines all over the restaurant.  Amazing staff ... everyone there is helpful and super friendly.  Everyone has a good attitudeThere was a bunch of us so we tried a little bit of everything.  I would recommend fried wings flavored garlic salt and pepper and the cottage fries.  The cost is a little pricey but the atmosphere of having great service and good food to me is always a reason to return.
1	there out of business
