1	I went here to get my nails done about a year ago and they were completely rude to me and my nail technician cut me several times with her drill. She also drilled my real nails down so bad that I have dents in a couple of my nails that have never healed. Go up the street to Royal Tuyet Nails by Albertsons. Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better.
5	I used to live in Phx, AZ and have moved to O.C, CA last month. I was reluctant to the idea of having to find a new nail salon since I had been going to Palace Nails for a year or so off and on. I thought I'd have a good shot at finding a decent place since I moved to the heart of an Asian community that is saturated with nail salons. I even used Yelp to find one that had a lot of great reviews and was a referral to me from a friend. Let me just say that at the end of the appointment at this new nail salon, I was missing Tina more than ever! Tina has been doing my full set and pedicure for the last couple years off and on and seriously does the best job ever! Whenever she does my nails they last forever, don't crack, don't have stupid bubbles and most important, she is very gentle with your hands and nails. I don't know who Heather had for her nail tech but it obviously wasn't Tina. If you do get a full set call in and set your appointment with **Tina or Jennifer**. They both speak fluent English so no miscommunication. Their facility is one of the best that I've been to- very elegant looking interior design and clean, new equipment. I drove 20-25 miles each way to go to this salon and was definitely worth the drive. Try them out! Definitely worth it!
3	I'm going to start off with this: It wasn't terrible but it wasn't all that great either. The salon was very neat and well decorated. The environment was nice, but it seems some of the technicians are not.When I walked in there I was greeted and taken in right away without any wait. They directed me to a station and my nail technician was there ready for me. The technician did my nails well, but to be honest she was pretty intimidating. She was silent as a rock and was a bit rough on me. I sat there very awkwardly for about 20 min. not knowing really what to say or do other than let her work on my hand. I'm not asking for a best friend, but at least don't make it awkward! She seemed to be rushing alot as if to get me out of there and it made me feel uncomfortable and as if I was intruding on her time. Not only that, but her attention seemed to be distracted as she would check her phone constantly. When you go into a nail salon you go because you want to be pampered, not to sit there awkwardly.Pros:-My nails came out pretty good-Prices are not that badCons:-My technician was intimidating-Not very attentiveAll in all I think I would go again, but next time I will ask for a different technician.
5	I have been going here for several years.  I have natural nails so I am very fussy when they have to be cut back.  I usually try to have Amy do my nails because of this.  The spa chairs are great and I have never had a bad pedi....If you call ahead even an hour before it work well.If you pay cash you get a discount...Works for me
5	The staff here is very nice. They have a large selection of gel colors. The quality of work is great and prices are reasonable. What more could a girl want? I look forward to going back very soon.
5	All the employees here to a fantastic job - mani, pedi or waxing! I've gotten gel, acrylics and just a plain ol mani - I've even gotten my husband to come in. Shop is clean, massage chairs are excellent - and if you pay cash they take a percentage off the bill. Highly recommend this shop!
5	This salon is beyond amazing! I love getting my nails done, but don't wanna pay unbelievable prices. Not only do they have great rates, they speak to you. I hate going to salons where they talk crap about you, this place is super friendly and they make you feel like a friend! I love it!
5	I live a ways from Palace Nails but I will tell you what it is worth the drive over. I always get my nails done here and recommend them highly. They have a clean and uncluttered shop with talented nail technicians. Today I got gel acrylic nails and a signature pedicure. They do your cuticles, your heels, give you a good 10 min foot massage and then do amazing paint work. Just note that even if you make an appointment, if a walk in comes in before you you may have to wait for them. They are organized and do schedule appointments but they have high walk-in traffic and the place tends to get packed quick. If you are not right on time you may might (but not always) have to wait. They all do amazing work and are well worth the trip for a relaxing day of hand and feet pampering.
4	Real nice place, great service and classy looking salon!
5	Ask for Helen!! Best pedicure I have ever received! So much time and care given to help relax and make it so worth it. I HAVE to come back. Happy feet! Get the signature and you'll walk out feeling like you have new young legs!!! Thank you Helen!!
