5	The only con about this place is that I couldn't take it with me to California, when we moved.  James is a great dentist!  During my visits, he educated me so much about my teeth (I am a nerd!).  The staff is also very kind and give you a sense of being at home in their office.  They have interesting magazines and a comfortable waiting area.  Usually in waiting areas, I feel like I am at risk for catching diseases, but not here!  Go here.  Get a cleaning!  Smile!
5	Dr. Hong does a great job every time I come here.  He takes his time cleaning my teeth.  He does not rush at all with his patients.  If I have a question, he's very helpful.  The office is well maintained and clean at all times.  Wait time is not long at all.  His staff is great which is actually the reason why I switched dentists.  They are very friendly!  There's nothing negative I can say about this office...I'm extremely satisfied.
5	Always in and out! I have honestly never waited for my appointment! I literally work across the street from this place so I have gone in on my lunch hour for a cleaning and checkup and got back to work within an hour. The staff is unbelievably friendly and this is the first Dentist office I have ever been to that I didn't have to wait when I arrived on time for my appointment. This place runs so smoothly and it's never a hassle. This place is a real dream! (unlike the tooth fairy)
5	First visit.  No wait, efficient, friendly staff & no insurance issues or insurance games like requiring a "preview visit" before getting your cleaning/x-rays.  The doctor himself (friendly, nice chairside manner) cleaned my teeth & I have to say it is the most thorough cleaning I've had in 40 years!   The x-ray equipment didn't seem the most cutting edge, but it did the job plus they have this micro camera that took pictures of my teeth & showed me on the monitor so that was pretty cool!  The cleaning is an "old-fashioned" tool cleaning & polishing (so not the baking soda blast tool or the metal sonic cleaning) but that's not a big deal to me....might be if you have an aversion to the tools & scraping.   And maybe they have it, but just didn't use it on me.  I'm a fairly easy clean.   And lastly, didn't try to upsell me on a power toothbrush, whitening, fluoride, etc!  Lately going to the dentist is like visiting a used car lot, so I appreciate them sticking to the basics.  Have already booked my next appointment!
5	I've never been so satisfied or welcomed like I did today by Dr. Hong and staff. This was my first time in many years.  Nobody likes a broken smile.. and nobody can fix it like DR HONG.   No insurance issues No wait. In approximately 1hr my chipped tooth was fixed and I walked out confident and so pleased . Thank you Dr Hong.    I'm going back next week for my full cleaning and EXCITED.
5	Only Dentist that works on my teeth. He is great. His team is great!!He is extremely thorough!!!!!!I Never waited when I have appointment for the last 10years. Love going to see them.
