1	Food is okay. Extremely small portions. Waited an hour for a grilled cheese. Bouncer is a rude douche. Atmosphere is okay. Drinks over priced. Definitely not worth going to.
5	Food is excellent, had the honey-sriracha chicken wings and Pork Sliders, both great and shockingly cheap (each 5$), and Caesar, which was very good.Decor is cool and it had a nice atmosphere, warning though its very packed all the time (come for 5:30 to have  a better chance). The service was overall quite good considering how busy they were. Definitely worth the wait Id recommend it to anyone.
4	Really cheap but tasty (5-7$) small plates like grilled cheese & salad, burgers, tacos, and empanadas, including a huge vegetarian menu (get a starter if you're really starving, otherwise a plate and a drink will suffice). Casual but sharp decor-think armchairs and funky wallpaper. Decent drink prices. Often packed around dinner time so you may have to wait a few minutes but it's worth it. Try the loaded ceasars or a signature cocktail if you're looking for something different.
4	Excellent food, prices and atmosphere. Be sure to try the poutine grilled cheese sandwich.
4	I've been here twice so far and both times I liked it. It seems like since I quit drinking I've been finding places with the greatest drink menus... Au L'Gros Luxe their speciality are caesars... That are basically a meal. Let me be specific: you have the choice of which libation you want (tequila, vodka, rum, etc.) and if you want a mini burger, grilled cheese, deep fried avocado, vietnamese roll with it... OR ALL OF THEM. It is kind of the best thing ever. (They also have virgin caesars, but I'm not sure if you can get all the treats with it... To inquire within.)As for the food, I approve of any place that goes out of their way to have a vegetarian specific menu. This restaurant is for omnivores: there is something for everyone. Their veggie tacos are delicious (deep fried avocados, anyone? ok.. let's get serious, deep fried anything is ok with me. But the avocados is what's in their veggie taco). My boyfriend is a fan of their fish tacos and has gotten them every time he's been. We also tried the deep fried pickles, deep fried avocados, and their nachos. Everything was a party in my mouth... Especially the deep fried pickles as they were victorious in winning my heart.  HOWEVER, the nachos were mediocre. Hey, no one is perfect. Needless to say, a must for everyone to eat here at least once... Even if it's just for a caesar. They are definitely the highlight of this place.PS: Also, it's cheap -- and word on the street is that they have a great brunch menu -- but it can get busy and you may have to wait to sit but it's worth it. Enjoy.
5	Cheap food is a rarity on the plateau. This place is cheap and good. They have a nice selection of beers on tap and have some really cool Bloody Caesars with interesting toppings. Their house beer is also pretty good (and cheap). Things to try:Pulled Pork Grilled CheesePork TacosFried AvocadoThey also do a nice breakfast/brunch. The pulled pork hash was excellent.
5	Wonderful place--charming atmosphere, if a tiny bit noisy--great service and the food was divine. I had an arugula and beet grilled cheese and the house ale. My kids 13 and 16 years old also loved it. Very reasonable prices too. Highly recommended!
4	It's a very small restaurant, but that's what I love about it! The food is delicious. The service is amicable, but slow preparation for the food. The price is also very fair!
5	I recommend the poutine with extra pulled pork and cheese, grill cheese bettra, mojito berrito, and the avocado dessert. This place was packed on a Saturday night and keep in mind that it's a small restaurant, if you want to avoid waiting, best thing to do is to make reservation in advance or call to see if the bar is available. As for customer services, I thought they were fast and really care about my concerns. I originally ordered another dish that was too sour for me to eat, when I told them about it, they were very understanding and replaced my order with something else quickly. If you have never been in this area, note that parking can be very challenging to find.
5	Came here on a Tuesday night at 9:30pm and the wait was 25 minutes. This place was packed, so it must be good........yes it was good and worth the wait which actually took 15 minutes. Eats/drinks:- BBQ pulled pork sliders (3) each on a pretzel roll, good- grilled cheese with purine, good- mojito was good- sangria was goodLikes:- price is affordable for the quality of food and drinks- service was good at the bar even though we had to remind the bartenders several times for ice water- food was good- great drink selection some of which very unique drinksDislikes:- they do not take RSVP- wait can be long- space is a bit tight inside
3	Location: The Plateau area. Street parking is available. I *think* Sherbrooke is the closest subway stop, however it's a good walk from the resto to the metro. Totally doable on a nice day, though.The place: It's got a pub feel to it - dim lighting, bar seating and a few tables. It's cozy and comfortable and I like it.The goods: I went for the breakfast sandwich. While the menu didn't specify, I think the bread was either sunflower or multigrain... it was great bread but though toasted, it was served to me cold. There was guacamole, cucumber, lettuce and bacon (extra). The sandwich was served with a small salad and baked beans. So, the sandwich was pretty good but a little lacking in flavor (and that cold toasted bread situation). The salad came with no dressing (I don't know if that was an oversight). The baked beans were hot (yay!) and I liked those. Overall, it was a good brunch, but I would have liked the bread to be hot and some dressing with the salad. I also think that $2 for two slices of bacon is a bit steep. Service: The host was friendly and we were seated right away. Our waitress however, could do with an attitude adjustment. She wasn't overly friendly to being with and when we were done eating, she didn't give us our bill. All three of us tried to make eye contact - no luck. One of us put on our coats - still no bill. I actually stood up, put all my crap on and remained standing - still didn't ask me if I wanted my bill. I finally managed to make eye contact and asked for the bill. As she was walking over, my friend, who hadn't seen me ask our bills, started to ask for it and the waitress cut her off and sarcastically asked her if she wanted the bill. Frankly, there's no need to be an a$$hole to your clients. Just pay attention to your tables and bring the damn bill when we're done. Price point: Fantastic - you can't get cheaper fare on the Plateau! The breakfast sandwich was $5 + an additional $2 for the bacon. Would I go back? Maybe, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so unless I was in the area.
4	Great experience with affordable prices this locations is great for a quick drink and chat or for having a light meal. The menu is very flexible and diverse and the staff were great. I had a burger and avocado fries and washed that down with a Hendricks gin. My friend has a Gros luxe Poutine which was great he also added pulled pork.
