5	When I first visited Anthem and fell in love with the community, the park is where it all evolved!  My kids really enjoy visiting the park during the spring and fall while the weather is bearable in AZ. :)   They kids like the jungle gym area, the water park, the train of course, fishing, and playing at the volleyball courts.  There is also a nice skate park that is normally filled with kids doing their tricks and riding skateboards, but luckily for me (injury wise) my kids are not into that. The community park does an excellent job at coordinating family events often.  There are events like for Easter, Music in May, 4th of July, autumn festival and a lot more.  We normally go to the events, they are really fun.  If you ever visit I suggest you swing by.....perhaps literally!
5	Awesome park. Big slides. Train. Love It. Great for all ages.
5	Great designed park!!! So many things to do from Riding a train to fishing or just feed the ducks and go for a walk thru the park. !!
4	I never knew this place existed seeing as I never get up this way. The park is very spacious with a cool little train that you can take your kids on as it takes a mini tour around the park. It is very easy to reserve a gazebo area if needed and depending on the size you want, you can have your pick. All in all, I will definitely be back again with some friends to have a picnic soon!
5	Awesome place for the kids! BEAUUUUUUTIFUL place! There are ducks in the pond that my daughter enjoyed feeding! There is a great train that rides around the nice, green, grassy park. It's just a few dollars to ride! The playground is perfect for all ages. There's even a splash pad section. This park is so gorgeous that you forget you're in the desert!
4	Great facility for Anthem residents. I was an invited guest for a swim meet and had a great time.
5	Came here twice. Every time the staff was nice. Life guards are a little freaky. I mean really do you have to turn around and stare at me every min? Not one life guard but all of them! Kinda creeper ish  OMG its freaking me out thinking about it! STOP!Other than that it was a great place to hang and swim.STOP LOOKING AT ME!
5	Beautiful, well-planned park with lots to do and see. Worth a visit to ride the train through the beautiful landscaping or to just lounge by the stream running through the park.
1	I'll update my rating once they fix the horrendous bee problem they have!!! We couldn't even enjoy ourselves without worrying about getting stung everywhere we went. Bees at the train station, during the ride, at the playground, and especially around the trash cans. It was miserable. Such a shame because it is a beautiful park and the playground is one of the best in AZ.
