4	JJ's just opened here in Old Town yesterday.  I stopped by during lunch (just a quick walk across the street) to grab some grub.  My first visit EVER to a JJ's.  I was surprised - Fast (like SUPER FAST), cheap, and decent proportions.  I'll be back!  :)
2	I have been a Jimmy John's fan for years.  Was disappointed in the delivery time and service of this store.  I live two blocks from this establishment which just recently opened (2 and a half weeks or so ago).  After not receiving my order within 30 minutes I called the store.  When I called I was asked if I could be placed on hold (I said yes) and then I was hung up on as the person did not know how to work the phones.  When I called back, I was told it would be delivered in 5 minutes.  15 minutes later I called back and was told that the person couldn't seem to find my apartment building (but confirmed the address online was accurate) and they could no longer get ahold of their driver.  It took more than an hour to deliver a sandwich two blocks.  The person was nice enough to remake and comp the meal, but don't say "freakishly fast" delivery if it is going to be "ridiculously slow".  Maybe a fluke, but not a good start in Old Town (no one is critical here) for a new business.
4	This Jimmy John's replaced the Worst Chipotle in the Universe, so now, for roughly the price that used to get you lukewarm and poorly prepared Mexican food delivered with a sullen attitude, you can receive a pleasant sandwich served swiftly, with a smile and a cookie.JJ's is roughly what would happen if Warren Buffet read Douglas Adams' Mostly Harmless -- the one with the sandwiches and the Perfectly Normal Beasts -- and decided that herein lay the future of putting meat between two pieces of bread. The chain decor cannot quite decide if it's preparing guests for their MBAs with plaques of how-to-succeed advice or if it's trying to be funky and in-joke-y and hipster. Your concentration is better devoted to your sandwich.An 8" sandwich runs in the neighborhood of $5, or a bit under $9 with a drink and your choice of chips, pickle, or large cookie. So it's not quite as cheap as Subway, but it's a lot better. Take the bread. JJ's bread is not a spongy substance that can be mistaken for a yoga mat. It's more like a fresh bolillo or perhaps an elongated kaiser roll. It tastes like actual bakery bread. The meat, similarly, tastes like deli meat, not like meat you'd pick up from the refrigerator section of the dollar store. The portions are not huge, but they're in line with what you'd get at very similar Potbelly or from an $8.50 deli sandwich (no drink, no chips, no pickle, no cookie) from AJ's. Since the meat's just as good as the AJ's sandwich and the bread's better, I'd go with JJ's over AJ's.The cookie also is comparable to AJ's cookies from the bins, but larger. It's not the greatest cookie you'll ever eat in your life, but it's better than many of the cookies at the Paradise Bakery next door.Service is so fast that my sandwich, completed and wrapped, hit the counter while I was still deciding on my cookie.So essentially, a JJ's sandwich will not be a life-changing New York deli experience, but the place is staffed by hoopy froods who know where their towels are, and you can count on its being mostly harmless.
1	Some people at my office order a couple sandwiches hours in advance of the scheduled delivery time. It's been an hour since delivery time, I called and they told me it should be here any minute.. it's been a half hour since then. I normally love jimmy johns but I'll never order deliver from this one again.
4	What can you say about jimmy johns. It located close by olds town and next to hotel valley ho. This place can really hit the spot when your hungry. You order pay and the sandwich is ready real quick. Plus the quality of them is really good keeps you full. Price isn't bad for them either. Much better then subway or Togo. Wish they had this in Cali. Would go here over Ike's or which wich. The only bad thing is service can suck on some nights but I think they get annoyed with drunk people coming in all the time while they have to work and deal with all there crap. Overall I would come back here when back in town
1	I mapped out this JJ location to my house and it is 2.8 miles (6 minute drive), but I called and apparently I'm out of their delivery zone. HUH? 2.8 miles and you don't deliver to me?  No wonder you can be freaky fast, you only deliver to places that are 2 blocks away.  Good business model, don't deliver to people in your same area.
5	Tyler brad and Vanessa are the dream team here! Don't let the reviews tell u else wise when they are in shift. To the point and helpful staff. Sucks a bunch of drunk Scottsdale people have to say something else. Very sweet and great service :)
5	Is this a 5 star boutique sandwich shop? No. Is it a 5 star Jimmy Johns? You betcha. I'm not a big reviewer of chains nor have I ever done a mobile review (I'm big on length), but as a very regular customer here it almost hurts my feelings when I see it getting slammed as I check in. I come in and order to go, I get delivered to my house (all hours) and get it delivered to my office.... I think this gives me some insight. They have never messed up my order (knock on wood).  Repeat, never messed up. Trust me, I'm not a "uhhh just give me the number 1 however it comes" type of person. I am an annoying special order person, even when I mix it up. I'm not sure what more you could want from a chain delivery sandwich  place but what you ordered, in a timely manner. It's also clean in there & everyone is friendly. Again, never messed up my order... That's all that really matters LBH. Protip: if you want a sandwich for lunch, don't expect lightening fast delivery. This is a jam packed business dense area.  Be prepared to wait some orrrr call early and beat the rush. I have ordered at all hours and notice this is the only time It's not freaky fast, so I adjusted.
1	I've ordered here 4 times since opening. I was very excited it was opening in the neighborhood. Each time it has taken freakishly way too LONG. I ordered tonight hoping that they've gotten everything organized since opening months ago. No such luck. 38 minutes later (2 blocks away, yes I am lazy) delivery made. Not freakishly fast in my dictionary. :(
1	Ordered delivery3 times from the first time 55 mins could not find me in plain daylight Second time 15 min greatThird time after 25 min driver drives right past me so I call and cancel told manager I'm not paying for a sand which that is over 30 min delivery time more than once then driver calls and says he here at another location this jj is total cap.
1	I called to place an order for delivery. When the guy at the store answered the phone I told him I would like to place an order for delivery. He asked if I wanted to place the order over the phone with him or online? Why would I call the store and tell him that I wanted to place an order for delivery if my intent was in any way to place my order online. What a moron!  I'll have nothing thanks!    1:00 PM.  January 8 2015
