2	went here because it looked cool,like those lounge bar restaurant type places they have in nyc.again more style than substance, bit pricey, but in the village it's all about trend...we had ravioli, and crab cake. i like the the martinis here, but it was on the sweet side...they have 4-7 menu prices and after 10 pm prices it's a bit confusing, but it's all good, basically from 4-7 and after 10 pm it's cheaper...crab cake was good, but barely bigger than a twonie and costing 8$? where is the rest of this poor crab that died for this dish???the ravioli was tender and nice, but there was no sauce, just some olive oil and some pesto... hmmmm you can only get away with that if your pasta is perfect, this ravioli although nice to eat was far from perfect... i love ravioli so i'm quite  forgiving but this dish was a failure...we skipped dessert. still 45$ for a crab cake, ravioli and a martini, bit pricey for the meal we got, it was not satisfying, i would have paid more for a better meal.
4	Good food and good service. Great artwork on exhibit.
4	(3.5 stars, rounding up because I feel generous...)Really enjoyed brunch on the patio here. The place is stylish and classy, with all white decor and interesting design. Even the flatware and dishes are cool. The unisex bathrooms are definitely worth checking out -- feels like a club in there:P The patio is small, but on this particular Sunday it wasn't too crowded (we went around 11am). It's mostly covered, so you get the nice open-air feel without boiling in the sun. The espresso is excellent and while you are waiting, they bring Carrs crackers with brie and pate. I had "Les English" - which came with a omelette with ratatoille (you could choose plain, cheese, or vegetable ratatoille), hash browns, sausage AND bacon, toast, and a fruit cup. It was a lot of food! The omelette was great - the eggs were light and fluffy. Everything was good, except the fruit cup was that kind that comes in syrupy water and was not very fresh. Friends had the eggs benny, which looked a-mazing and Le Nordique (fish, potato, smokes salmon pattie, sort of like latkes). Service was very relaxed and warm. Kudos to our waitress for switching back and forth from English and French seamlessly and without attitude (half our table was Francophone, half Anglophone). I would come back here again for brunch, or maybe cocktails, next time I am in Montreal and in this neighbourhood.
5	Excellent (amazing) service and fun (sexy) decor.Fancy atmosphereFood is great, if not shockingly impressive.We had devil (deep fried scallop on aioli) - scallop is nice, but the breading, I prefer Japanese style, it wasn't really tempura)very verrine (beet and orange salad) - not particularly interestingcatch of day cod fish on potato. (Yummy)salmon 2 ways - tartare and smoked (fine)Kosmi tea with praline macaroon, raspberry (super-fresh)no drinks.
2	Came with a larger group for the drinks and dinner promotion.  Decor was very interesting, the video screens certainly entertaining.From drinks to dinner, service was pretty poor.  While very nice, it took what seemed like ages for bread, drinks, dinner etc.  We finally received our dinner and got the extra bread we asked for while starving earlier DURING our main course, purpose defeated.I had the Duo of Tartar (salmon and beef), the salmon being by far the better of the two.  Still difficult to understand why it takes over an hour for fries, salad, and raw meats to come out.Drinks seemed interesting, but not very well executed.  All in all more a venue for socializing and drinks than a fulfilling 2 hour dinner.
3	A fancy tapas restaurant with a great neon blue type decor. The food is good, but portions are not that great. I know its a Tapas bar, are portions are little. I was the first group to arrive, and it took forever to get glasses of water set. When we ordered or menu, and got the food, it wasn't the right meal, they made a mistake and took it back.Finally got our meal, enjoyed the food, and lots of bread trying to stuff us up.Not somewhere I would return soon.
1	Horrible food. Everything was so greasy and just not good. I had the foie gras poutine which was inedible. Crab cakes were ok but the mayo next to it was beyooond greasy it turned hard b y the time we left.what else...Oh how I could I forget... the tartare duo (salmon & beef) was THE WORST tartare i've ever had. The beef one had gazzilions filaments in it. Shrimp ceaser salad was the only thing I could eat. To top it, the waiter developed a severe crush on me and invasively stared at me the entire time i was there. As were the cooks in the kitchen.
2	There's no denying that it's a cool place with a very nice decor and ambiance. The kinda trendy place boys and girls go on a Friday night to have a snack and a club experience.Having said that, it's too expensive and presumptuous for my taste. The waiters will be at your beck and call as long as you're ordering one drink after another. There's  a $1-7 dinner menu with $25 alcohol consumption at the beginning of the week that's worth the price if you drink 3 cocktails, but only if you get the large and more expensive entrees. Overall the dishes are small, so plan on getting have a second dinner somewhere or getting 2 entrees from the beginning. And yes, it does take them 45 mins. to an hour to serve you some bread, despite asking repeatedly. It's a cool concept with good food, I only wish the price/size ratio was a little more realistic.
2	is now closed
