5	Whatever happened to the good old days of playing board games or card games?  Everyone is now glued to their Xboxes or PS3s or Wii or Nintendo Ds.....I remember when I was growing up my Mom and I would play backgammon for hours!  A co-worker told me about this place because we have been playing games on our lunch breaks now for a few weeks.  He has brought in all kinds of cool games.  Killer Bunnies is a particular favorite.  Game Daze has it all.  Chess, backgammon, cards, poker, and all kinds of board and card games for kids and adults.  The staff seemed super knowledgeable too.  I bought an inexpensive board game for my daughter an I to play.  She loves it!  So get the kids away from the TV or the hand held games for awhile and interact.  It's fun!
4	Ah, video games. I agree with Lynn and shake my finger at those people with a console. Isn't the distance between two people far enough with texting, IMing, Facebooking, tweeting, and all the other -ings out there?----gets off soapboxThis is a great store. Too bad we don't have any in SoCal since Wizards of the Coast died out. The diversity of games is excellent. They have, but not limited to (just in case I missed something)1) Traditional boardgames like chess and checkers2) Standard boardgames like Sorry, Monopoly and the game of Life3) Puzzles of all sorts like jigsaw and metal puzzles4) Playing cards5) Collectible cards like Magic the Gathering6) Specialized board games for the hardcore boardgame fan like Carcassone, Settlers of Catan, Axis and Allies, Descent and Runebound7) Specialized card games like Munchkin and Race for the Galaxy8) RPGs like Dungeons and DragonsSo, if staring at a screen gets old and boring, or decide that the distance between 2 people is too wide for you and you need face to face interactions with actual people, head on this way, I'm sure they'll find something you'll like.
4	If you're looking for a board game, card game or, well, ANY game you can't find at GameStop, try here! Their selection is huge, from games to figurines to key chains and novelty candy. Better yet, they're friendly and really seem to know what they're talking about. They also offer in-store tournaments and competitions. So much fun!
4	Every mall used to have a store like this and every mall should.  This is the only place I buy my Catan and Lords of Waterdeep and other unique board games.  They have these awesome picasso looking melting clocks too, I had to get one.Just called to check on D & D nights for beginners as Waterdeep got my 9-year old interested.
