5	If you are a Shelby fan or even if you are not a car enthusiast, you should check out this museum and factory tour...  We were looking for something fun off the strip again and since we had a rental car, visiting the speedway and the Shelby Museum seemed like fun.  The free tour that they have at 10:30am M-F is a must if you are going to visit the museum.  You will learn about  the history of Carroll Shelby and Shelby Automobiles.  They have cars on display from Shelby's first car to the latest Super Snakes.  The tour also takes you into their shop to see the cars that they are working on.  Everything is hand assembled in this facilities from the complete autos to their customization.  I highly recommend the tour and a visit to the museum.
3	We like cars and decided to go here to check it out.  Pretty cool to see all the old cars and the history.  I had to rank it lower cause I missed the factory tour since its only once a day and only M-F.  Museum is still pretty small and I though there would be more to it.  It is free though.  The cost at the gift shop makes up for it though.
4	If you are a Mustang fan, then this is a definite must to add to the list of places you must visit.  Carrol Shelby has made his mark in history and is still going on strong at the age of 85 (Well his company is)  This facility in Vegas, has a museum with a lot of interesting cars....  actually just Cobras and mustangs, but all in all very cool!   There is a free tour of the production facility available to the public every day at 10:30am (since that is the time that the mechanics go to lunch).  Here you can see the production line of the cobras and some of the new Shelby gt500 KR's and Super Snakes. Came here with my wife and 5 month old son and it was an hour well spent. They have a gift shop with a bunch of memorabilia, but nothing really caught my eye.  The shirts are pretty "redneck-ish" if you ask me, and they sell a bunch of "Cobra" "Mustangs" signs for a pretty penny.  They even have cheesy remote control cars... I passed on all of it...  The fact that this place is free and just the history behind it makes it an experience, so check it out ya mustang fans... Wear something a bit cool, because not only is it hot outside, it gets a little warm inside due to lack of airconditioning.  Oh dont forget to sign the wall....
4	This was a must see while we were vacationing in LV. My husband is a HUGE ford mustang fan and an admirer of Carroll. As you approach the speedway exit you can immediately spot out the ford buildings in their classic blue and white trim. Upon entering the museum you're just overwhelmed with various beautiful shelby's new and old. We participated in the free museum and factory tour given only once a day at 10:30am which gave us a run down of Carroll Shelby's career racing history, his current state of health (the oldest living heart transplant patient), and his philanthropic heart. Our guide took us out back to where the cars were made. The older classic shelby's (my favorite era) were gorgeous and valued up toward the millions. With less than a dozen guys working on these beauts they whip out about 100 shelby's per year with wait list's to build-your-own also taking years.From there we went into a massive garage where the newer shelby's (husby's fav) were getting their final touches. Unfortunately we were a few weeks short of the unveiling of the 2010's. The tour was informative an interesting for someone like myself who doesn't know much about automobile's and their history let alone anything about the ford corp.The gift shop was on the expensive side of the price spectrum but had some interesting gift items. Kids were allowed to attend the factory tour. i highly recommend it for that car enthusiast in your life.
5	This is a MUST DO for any car enthusiast, my wife even enjoyed it and she's not a car person.  The free factory tour was fabulous, very, very informative and you get to see all the beautiful Shelby cars throughout the various eras.One bit of advice, go early, we almost missed the tour because we took a wrong turn & got lost for a couple minutes.At the end of the tour, there is a wall where you get to sign your name, which is cool too.
5	1. It's SHELBY.2. Tours are FREE.3. GO THERE NOW!Tours of the museum are given every day at 10:30am.  No need to call ahead or anything; just show up.  It's right off the Speedway Blvd. exit on I-15.  Not hard to find!  The small museum of cars alone is worth checking out, from the very first Shelby Cobra to the brand new Mustangs (incl. pieces from his Mopar days in the 80s!) - but they also show you the production floor, where they work on building you a new Cobra, Mustang, or even F-150!Even if you can't wake up early enough for the 10:30am tour (it is Vegas...), you should still check out the car collection on display, since that's about half of the tour.Besides tours, I'm sure that they can arrange the sale of a new Cobra to you.  But with my funds, I can only afford the model Cobras at their gift shop.
4	I had planned to go here many times, but I never got around to it.  Today, I changed that.  As mentioned by other reviewers, the free tour starts at 10:30 AM daily.  That's when the work crew have their lunch break, and the tour leader can talk and describe things without noise from manufacturing.The tour is interesting even for someone like me who is not into auto racing nor do I know much about cars.  I do love to learn, and this was another chance to learn about something which I know little about.I enjoyed the stories about Carroll Shelby and other ones the tour leader told.  he had a lot of information and was quite genial.  I'm really glad I finally did this.
4	I'm not into cars like that, my husband is. But I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed the tour and the museum.First of all it's free. Second they do a free tour once a day at 1030 am. 2 employees take you around the facility and explain the history of Shelby as well as tell you about the car collection. I also enjoyed signing our name on the wall with the millions of others who have visited before.
5	Bad A$$...This is why there are race tracks...Tours of the museum are given every day at 10:30am.
5	Hey what do you do with with the best friend, brother in law, or father when they come to visit? Take them to the Shelby museum and take the tour! Best part is it's free. There is a sign up sheet, but other than that, there is no restrictions. There is a cool store full of T-shirts, model cars, cups, hats, posters and other items with the Shelby logo. The tour is about an hour and the narrator we had knew a lot about Shelby the man, the company and the cars. Placed around the interior of the museum are cool cars starting with the very first one and moving onto the most recent.  After the tour you go away knowing what was the legend. Really cool, learned a lot and enjoyed it.
5	TIP: If you go on Saturday the back shop wont be open so you cant tour it. The back Shop tour is Mon-Fri Only. Now once igot that out of the way. Here is my view on the tour. IT WAS COOL. Hearing about how the GT 350 got its name and the history behind the cars and the lame but funny jokes by the narrator who Today was Jeremy. You can even watch the Tour on the Internet which is pretty cool. I have been on paid tours that sucked. And this was free and i would of paid for it. I will be back before i leave to see the whole back shop tour. Which pictures arent allowed in the bays but up front you can take all the pics you want. And if your pockets are deep enough they will sell you a Cobra or any other variation they have.
4	Shelby cars on display. Shelby merchandise being sold. Good to visit at least once.
4	The museum it not very big but if you like caroll Shelby it a place to go see the first Shelby.   Also see a good example of some of the other Shelbys you may  never seen in person like the gt40 it's a good place to go when your by  track of just finished drifting at u-drift.
5	Stopped by here on the way to watch the NHRA Drag Racing. I've been here before and noticed they changed the showroom, very nice. The tour was almost over but still got some interesting information.  I could spend all day there just drooling over the cars. The tour is free or you can just walk around at no cost. During the week the tour includes looking in on the shop area, thats the one my brother and I did a couple of years ago. Be sure to check their website for tour info. Well worth the price. Oh wait I did say it was FREE! Shoot, they could charge 10 bucks and it'll still be worth it. (i hope they dont) hehe.
4	This is a good museum to visit if you are passionate about cars, plus it's free. A lot of beautiful cars to look at, but the only downside was the smell of fuel and oil from the backroom (which must be for the morning tours). Other than that, plenty of interesting merchandise and information related to their brand.
5	Admission is free and they offer a FREE tour everyday at 10:30AM. You have no reason not to visit.Seeing the cars is pretty cool but the tour tells you the color history behind each individual machine on display. The tour guides did an excellent job telling the Shelby story. My favorite was the blue Shelby cobra nestled in the corner. The paint was a little worn and the driver's seat was completely torn up. It was Carroll Shelby's fist cobra that he used when trying to make a name for himself.
3	It's a cool place if you happen to be in town.  It's a very small collection, about 8 collectable cars, but it's free admission and a tour Monday to Saturday at 10:30. I'd go on a weekday if you can. They don't tour the factory on Saturdays. Pretty cool cars. The tour guy needs a little help though. He showed up at 10:29 and didn't seem very prepared. Seemed to be just pulling random things out of his hat. I'll go back next time if I'm in town on a weekday.
4	"Ponies with Venom"Free tour of the museum as well as a look in the shop. I wish they had more cars on display but oh well. No pictures allowed in the shop area as guys(including me) are frequently secretive about their engine modifications. It was neat seeing the GT500s in various stages of metamorphosis on their way to Super Snake status, as well as the 5.0 Mustangs being converted into GT350s.There is also a memorabilia store with various items related to Ford products and cars in general. The Shelby Museum is located next to the Las Vegas Speedway and is worth a visit if you are like me and into Mustangs and Cobras. Vroom!!!
5	This place is really cool.   I was here a couple weeks ago as part of a street car invitational event.    The Shelby Museum was a stop along the way.   First off, it was very nice of the folks at the Shelby Museum to stay open after hours and make their parking lot available to these 50+ cars.   Not only did they stay open after their normal closing time, they gave a guided tour of the museum to the group.  There were some pretty neat old Shelbys and Cobras in the Museum.  They even had some of the Dodge era Shelbys.   In fact, they even let us have a peek in to their shop.   Wow, talk about a lot of neat cars!   Good job folks.   The Museum is nice and the gift shop has some really cool shirts and jackets.   If you are a Shelby fan, you will want to take a little extra cash to pick something up.  Now, what really put this place over the top is that when we got there, we weren't the only group using their parking lot.   They were hosting a group of kids and the Shelby employees were building bicycles for these kids.   So, not only were the kids getting bikes, they were able to see the cool cars in the Museum and the cool cars on this invitational.   Any time an organization goes the extra mile to help out kids, I have to give them a 5 star rating.    Great job folks.    Well done!
3	this place was nice I thought I would have seen more it was small!! Allot of people but small building but it was cool to see all the muscle cars
5	I came here with my father and this was a great place to take a real car enthusiast.  I loved that the museum had not only memorabilia but lots of great cars with history and a tour of them and the manufacturing facility.  You get to autograph the wall, take lots of photos(not in the production area) and really feel the excitement and history of Shelby.  I would check the website before you venture out for the tour times and although there isn't a charge it's done for donations to his charity so please do take the time to pay it forward in exchange for a great experience.
5	I love something for free in Vegas!!   I learned so much here about the man behind the cars. He had a great since of humor as well as being an engineering genius. See the most expensive American made car here at $23,000,000! After a guided tour in the morning only, you can take a free case of fuel additives.  Don't take more than you can get on the plane since you can't carry it on.
5	Enjoyed the tour of the Shelby cars and factory. The tour guide had good knowledge of the facility and of Carroll Shelby. Took my elderly father and he enjoyed as well. Not too long for him and was comfortable thing to do in the air conditioned facility.
1	Do not order from these guys online! Horrible experience for just a sweatshirt for my husband for xmas.  They should have told me when I ordered it that it is on backorder.  It took one email with no response, two phone calls (on hold for 20 mins) to tell me its on backorder with no ETA.  They shouldn't have an email business online if they cant service their customers!
5	Changed location.   New location is awesome.  All under one roof.  Take the tour!!   It's free.  If u love Mustangs.   This is well worth the stop.  I-15. Sunset.  Can see it from the I -15
4	I had seen the building from I-15 and wanted to stop in.  They have free tours at 10:30 and 1:30 to learn more about this amazing upgrade to vehicles.  The new location is great!  You first walk into their 'store' area with plenty of Shelby branded clothing and items.  You can look or drool, in my case, at plenty of vehicles parked in their showroom.  Cobras, mustangs and a few other odd vehicles Carroll Shelby did upgrades to.  Being from the Motor City, Detroit area, I knew I was going to enjoy it.The free tour is about 45 minutes long as he walks you through their showroom explaining details about certain vehicles and Carroll Shelby himself.  It's very informative and interesting to those who love some power under the hood.  A great interesting fact is that the original Shelby Cobra that Mr. Shelby drove built and drove around himself is the very first car you'll walk by inside.  The last time it was appraised....  worth $26 million.   I don't know about the rest of you, but that was probably the most expensive vehicle I've stood by.  It's a great place to stop by and tour for any car enthusiast!
