4	Pizza is a very subjective topic. With that said, their deep dish pizza and turbo sticks are very good. I'm usually a NY style guy, but their thick crust is good.
4	Deep dish goodness and very reasonable prices.
5	I certainly don't mind the floppy, thin-crust-style NY pizza. But nothing beats a great deep dish, and Jet's has some GREAT deep dish pizza. Very fresh, vibrant flavors and incredible prices. The turbo stick are good too - with varieties in cheese, cheese and bacon, and cheese and pepperoni.  The salads are pretty good, too. I've not yet tried their sandwiches, but am eager to - the delicious thick crust pizza dough serves in place of bread.  Best part - their lunch combos. Killer food for $5.Now, I'm feeling some confusion over whether or not they deliver to the area (I see the cars, but the employees say they don't).  Hopefully that gets resolved soon.Very glad to see Jet's in town!
5	Finally a pizza joint with excellent Sicilian Pizza (square)  pizza or as Jets calls it "Deep Dish". I usually request the bottom be cooked well done as I find their deep dish can sometimes be soggy in the middle. I was not a fan of the NY style pizza or their salads but they still get 5 stars because the deep dish makes up for it all. You can pick up or have your order delivered and the staff always seems to find me a coupon that they can apply to my current order. How awesome is that? Jets you keep this type of service up and I may just have to dine with you more than once a week :)
4	The ubiquitous pizza parlor in any given city under the sun doesn't have to shove into the long line of familiar menus, toppings and standard pizza accoutrement when you have the right variety. I am very pleased to say that Jet's does an exceptional job and makes for a great experience to be had. Met a friend here for lunch and was excited to see their quick service set up for dine-in lunchers. Very clean spot with ample seating, a generously sized soda/silverware station and huge windows for plenty of natural lighting. The interior is very clean and simple. Just the way any quick service joint should be!The pizza was fantastic. I'm not one for going with "old reliable," but pepperoni was a great choice. The aspects that really make their pie choices are the different crusts. Deep dish with "turbo" crust comes highly recommended. Cool thing about it is that you don't have to pay any extra for special types of crust! The deep dish is so crispy on the bottom and entire exterior, the cheese is perfectly melted and even pooled together around the crust and the pepperoni was slightly crispy and flavorful. Each bite was a well-balanced mix of textures and flavor. The two of us killed a large no problem! Family friendly and I mean...come on. Pizza is always good when you can get it to go! Excited to come back to Jet's and sample some of their other crusts and topping options. Great job!
4	Perusing the locations available on the Jet's web site, it looks like many of them do not offer the option to dine in, but this location does give you that choice. In a few days or weeks or months it may be even nicer when they finish the construction in the area and you have a better view of the nearby surroundings, but in the meantime, there are a handful of tables were you can pull up a chair and wait out a few minutes while your pie is prepared.The selections are not quite those typical choices you'll find in the Queen City. New York-style (or Near-New York-style, perhaps) abound, but here at Jet's, the specialty is definitely deep dish. Not Chicago deep dish, but a square-crust behemoth that can be had with any of several flavors for NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE - as Ben has mentioned, try the turbo (butter, garlic and romano).Others have mentioned a less than crispy crust, so I don't know if it's the turbo or this pie just lucked out, but the crispy crust worked well. There are lots of options if you want to trick it out, there are salads if you are not in the mood for a pizza, and there are even sandwiches and wings if you want something else entirely. Definitely worth a few stops for your dining pleasure.
3	As I may have mentioned before, I am forever on a quest here in Charlotte for a great pizza pie.  Knowing that Jet's has a deep dish pizza, I was quite excited to try it (especially since I had a Groupon to do so cheaply).  However, Jet's wasn't quite my cup of tea, so I will continue my quest.My partner and I decided to try the Jet 10 pizza in deep dish and the Jet's Bread.  The bread used the same dough as the deep dish pizza, I am relatively certain.  However, the bread just didn't have enough garlic on it for my taste, so it was mostly just dough and cheese.  I really did not care for the marinara sauce there at all, as it was a very sweet marinara.  I am not at all a fan of sweet marinara sauces, so if you like them on the sweet side, this one is probably pretty good.  The bread itself was mildly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, so it had a good texture.  The portion size on the bread was pretty generous for the money, so that was good.Not very often do you find places that have a square deep dish pizza.  You can't really see the outside crust, as the toppings go all the way out to the corners.  I was pretty excited about that.  I liked the variety of toppings on the Jet 10.  However, Jet's suffers from the same downfall of pizza chain deep dish in that it was mostly dough and easy on the toppings.  Again, their pizza sauce was a little too sweet for my taste, but if you like the sweet sauce at Pizza Hut (think big New Yorker or the stuffed crust), you will probably love the sauce.  I know that you can normally pick a flavor for the crust, but my impression was that you could not get that on the deep dish.  I am honestly not sure about that.Now, dining in here is pretty great, I will say.  Our bread sticks came out in about 10 minutes, and they served them on a metal platter on a stand.  It was all very nice looking.  Our pizza came about 5 minutes later, also on a platter and stand.  The dining area was clean and not terribly cluttered at this location, which was great.  The employees were friendly and quick.If you like a sweeter sauce on your pizza, I am guessing that you might appreciate this place a little more than I did.  Our pizza was hot, fresh, and decent.  However, I am still holding out for a more perfect pizza place in the Queen City.
2	Ok it just get worse and worse!!! Charlotte simply just does not have good pizza  Ive tried alot of different places and the pizza is either BAD or just ok. Jets falls in the category of just ok reminded me of a step above little caesars..But i would prefer lil caesars at least its cheap. I wont be eating here again,  Might as well just go to Dominos or wolfman
2	We tried Jet's on two separate occasions because its location is close by. None of the 3 pizzas we tried tasted bad, but I thought there was absolutely  no freshness or "natural goodness" to any of it. Instead, artificial flavoring and junk food is what came to my mind. Here's a hint : when you make a pizza with with good, fresh ingredients you don't need to offer 8 kinds of "flavorized" (sic) crust.ps it may look vaguely like Sicilian , from a distance ... if you squint your eyes ... but it's definitely NOT Sicilian pizza. Good grief.
4	Moved here recently from Chicago but originally from NC.  Never had Jets before but had some friends mention it and then received a Groupon.  We've come back a ton since and honestly I think its because nothing else around offers anything even with the name deep dish in it.  Its insanely cheap for what you get and the ranch has to have some sort of drug in it because its addicting.
5	I will not pretend that I am a food critic by any means, however I do have a very serious love affair going on with food.  That being said, I LOVE Jet's pizza!! Deep dish is to die for, personally I like mine with light sauce and extra cheese! Their Cinna-sticks are AMAZING!  So glad we have such a wonderful pizza place that you can also dine in at.  The place has always been clean and the staff have always been friendly!
4	Had the eight corner pizza and a salad last night. Being from the Bronx NY I had my reservations but let me tell you it was not bad at all. I think I found my new favorite pizza joint now that I live in Matthews now.
4	This place rocks and I never eat pizza from a chain. Their thin crust veggie pizza is the closest thing I have found to real pizza in the Charlotte area. My husband raves about the deep dish pizza with "turbo" crust but I prefer the thin crust pizza because you get more of the toppings in each bite. Ordering is a snap, they have good specials and delivery is always prompt/friendly. I knocked off one star because at times, they are frugal with the cheese/toppings and the cheesy bread is tasteless. As for their pizza and salads- top notch; in our rotation when we need our monthly pizza fix!
1	Really?!?!  It all tastes unhealthy and blah.  I've been here twice and have been so underwhelmed!!   Their toppings are pretty small, the sauce is weak and if you like thin crust you're better off making a pizza on pita bread and baking it.  Much better off going somewhere that takes a little more pride in their pizza.
4	Good quality Pizza. They look out for the customer every time. Each time we have gone they have offered up free coupons with out us requesting them. Pizza fills you up. I recommend the turbo crust!
4	Forget that little Roman guy!  For your square pizza needs, I gotta go with Jet's Pizza.  They always have good coupons, so snag one for a deal.  We split a small specialty pizza (6 square slices) and a drink for around $10.  I guess they're known for the square ones, so give it a try.This location is also nice that it's in a walk-able part of town near the downtown Matthews area.
4	You want Sicilian pizza, here it is!  Now, these guys call it deep dish, but nonetheless, it's delicious.  This is one of two places in Charlotte that I think has good pizza.  They give you tons of pepperoni and it's crispy.  The crust is perfect.  It has a light crisp on the outside and is doughy on the inside, exactly what I expect from a sicilian.  This is my first order from here, and I will be back...but not like Arnold, more like a NY Italian transplant.  They factor in tips for delivery into the pricing, which I like, because it is something that a company that respects its employees would do.
5	Yes I love Jets in general. This location is no exception. Story: One of the delivery guys couldn't find my house and called me a bunch of times and i didn't hear it so I didn't pick up. Naturally I looked at my phone after it had been a long time. I called and told them it was my fault but asked if they could bring back the pizza. They brought me the old cold one and also a brand new one. They have excellent customer service and deliver fast and easy! I would recommend this Jets location!
4	I read reviews for another location awhile back and was horrified. I was seriously afraid to try this chain. It's new to me, but the description of their pizzas was so tantalizing. So, I felt like it was my duty to put on a brave face...and try it for myself.Surprise! It was delicious! I tried the meaty deep dish with garlic/buttery crust. It was a little oily but the flavor was DELISH. I ordered delivery, (we all feel a little lazy sometimes) and when it arrived the carrier apologized for being late. I hadn't even noticed! But he was kind and polite and assured me the pizza was still hot.I opened the box to a scrumptious looking deep dish pizza and honey BBQ wings. Everything was yummy. The meat to cheese ratio was acceptable and the crust was crunchy, buttery, awesomeness. Guess what!I will try them again! Go on, everyone. Have no fear. Jets Pizza is a new favorite pizza delivery spot!
3	My boyfriends been telling me about Jets pizza for a while now finally I get to try them. He ordered the deep dish pepperoni and jets bread.The flavors is decent but both the pizza and the jets bread are too doughy for meAnd I'm a papa johns cheese sticks (garlic butter) girl , so I'm not so impressed with the jets bread,sorry! We will probably order Jets again but will skip the bread.
4	Jet's Pizza is pretty damned good! We've ordered from here a few times now. I think it's the cheese and whatever they do to the crust is really tasty! The calzone (Jet's Boat?) is probably one of the best I've ever had. I'm a sucker for good perfectly chewy crust, I think.We've had the meat lovers and also some veggie combo pizza, along with Jet's Bread and the hot wings. Everything was good and worth getting again. The hot wings are a little tame and I wish they had sauce that wasn't Kraft packets, but hey.. still way way better than Pizza Hut.Online ordering makes it a breeze and delivery is prompt. Very pleased!
4	Jets is delicious. You will not find any pizza place in town that gives better pizza than Jets. As a frequent goer, I recommend the 8 corner pepperoni with cheese on the crust. Also, the barbecue chicken will not disappoint.
