5	I don't know what's going on with these guys who work here... Free beer at lunch? Who knows... But, every time me and/or my Wife have been in this place, the staff is REALLY helpful and friendly! I went there this afternoon to have a battery checked (dead as a doornail) and get an air filter for my Prius. Exceptional customer service as always. They will even help you in the parking lot with things like windshield wipers, etc. I wouldn't go anywhere else for auto parts!
4	We were going to movies when the skies opened up.  That is when we first noticed we needed new windshield wiper blades.Kinda dumb, right?  But, the only time we use them here in the Valley is after a car wash?  Think about it.  So we stopped at this location on Northsight, next to former site of "Al's Beef" which is now closed.  The folks who work there stopped me as I walked in and asked for the make and model of my car.  Within ten seconds we were over to the aisle and had the correct blades for our car.  WOW!  What a great group!A funny aside.  As we left, I started taking out one of the blades and began throwing away the plastic and cardboard in the outside trash bin.  Another shocker.  It was filled to capacity with old blades.  Great minds, Eh?
4	This is my "go to" store when I need auto parts/accessories.  I come here for Gasoline Treatment, Air Filters, replacement Windshield Wipers, and other stuff.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgXTuzc_i8dO_p2XD7PP0Q?select=hQ6Js9srvSJuLq1KJ_7L4ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgXTuzc_i8dO_p2XD7PP0Q?select=4_rjsNOrmZ2sSoV3xM0KbQThe staff here are usually pretty cool and helpful.....plenty of parking in the lot and KO's is next door (restaurant/bar)....what more could you ask for?!Return Factor - 90%
5	Great group of dudes - always happy to quickly diagnose issues, in my case a dying car battery. A quick lookup of my warranty info (from 2006 - I certainly didn't still have that receipt!) and I was good to go with the new one installed at a pro-rated cost for replacement. Only thing missing is their ability to save all my radio presets after disconnecting the battery :)
5	As a woman, I just expect to be treated poorly and taken advantage of the second I step into a store that has anything to do with cars. NO MORE. This Autozone is phenomenal.  I was experiencing slow starts and when I went to get an oil change, they told me I had a bad battery.  I did not believe them (upsell technique) so I went here.  They helped me immediately, checked my battery, which was in fact bad, he showed me the reading, didn't try to sell me a super expensive battery but one mid range and replaced it for me...and here is the best part IN LESS THAN 15 MINUTES TOTAL.
5	Truly great customer service- from an auto parts store! I came in looking for a new battery, and I was in and out in less than twenty minutes. Michael even put the battery in my car for me!! He was very nice, and genuine- I will go back just to support honest people like him. They were very organized at this location in general. I will be back.
4	My first visit and I received awesome service!  Walked in and Jonathan immediately greeted me a hello and offered his assistance.  Needed a set of three windshield wipers for Mom's car, preferably Rain-X, and was taken directly to the computer.  I commented "Oh, you don't have the book?," and Jon said "We do, but the computer is so much faster."  :)  He quickly assessed the inventory and retrieved the wipers.  Since the shop was out of the Rain-X brand for the rear wiper, I had to settle for a generic.  What really impressed me was his offer to install the wipers right then and there!  Too bad I wasn't driving Mom's car today, but I asked if the offer may be extended on a future visit, and he said yes.  "Do I need a receipt (for proof-of-purchase)?"  He shook his head.  I was blown away!Cool prices (considering what I had paid for a complete set for my car, which matches my Mom's, except for the color) and terrific initial customer service.  I hope that my next purchase here, ideally not anytime soon, will be as great an experience as tonight's was!
5	These guys are the definition of customer service. The first time that I went to Autozone was when I noticed that my car was acting up after a car wash from across the street. I quickly determined that I was out of coolant. I looked up and noticed Autozone directly across the street. I went and purchased a 50/50 mix of coolant and water. They even double checked to make sure I bought the correct coolant.A couple of days ago I went to replace a headlight bulb that went out and the guy at the counter warned me not to touch the bulb in a certain way because that would drastically cut down on the bulb's life. I would have definitely touched the bulb in the wrong spot if I wasn't warned ahead of time.I always see these guys helping people install stuff on their cars all the time. They are truly a class act.
4	Time for a review update.  This is till my "go to" store for auto parts/accessories.  It's very convenient and all of my prior review comments still apply.  There's something to be said for consistency.The Better Half has come here on a few occasions and has had the staff help her with the Windshield Wipers when I've been traveling out of town and they need replacing.  They're always willing to lend a helping hand.  That's why we keep coming back.Return Factor - 90%
5	Great customer service. I was unsure about buying one of their buffing machines to wax my car. The guy told me to give it a shot and if I didnt like it to bring it back. The machine was very bad. Overnight I somehow managed to lose the reciept, and even so they still gave me a refund. Theyve always been very helpful to me everytime ive went. Definitely my go-to for most auto needs
4	YES! An auto place that gets a girl in and out! Being in grad school and working full time, I don't drive my German machine all that much. I barely put 3,800 miles on it since April, so the oil light came on recently (it was a little low). I needed only a bit to hold me over to 5,000 miles so the Yelp iPhone app helped me find this Auto Zone in Scottsdale recently. The employees greeted me when I walked in, and they didn't bother me while I looked for the synthetic oil I needed. Once I finally found it, I asked the clerk to double-check behind me to ensure I chose the correct kind (I did). Half a quart later, no more oil light! I appreciate the no-pressure approach and the help at the counter to get me on my way. The oil didn't seem to be arranged in a logical fashion, so it took me a minute to locate the exact one I needed. If I were the manager, I'd reorganize them in some rhyme or reason... This location is near all the construction going on at Northsight right now, so driver beware...
1	been going there for year, buying part etc. First time I asked for help to remove a light bulb. The answer as no - we do not work on Mercedesdon't go there, there is an oreilly auto parts a block away @ 8480 East Butherus Drive, they are very helpful, even when they were busy
