5	Heidi is WONDERFUL!  I cannot say enough good things about how easy she made the process of buying an investment property in Las Vegas. I am always hesitant about what I find on the internet, NO PROBLEMS HERE, SHE WAY  EXCEEDED my expectations!  Being an out of town investor, required that Heidi educate me on the local investment market. locate and schedule tours of about a dozen properties, all within one week.  I telephoned her on Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday we toured properties, made an offer on Sunday and were in escrow on Tuesday.  She was so efficient that I decided to let her perform the property management tasks.  It has now been 3 months and everything is running smoothly.  It really does not get any better than this.
5	We have invested heavily in Henderson and Las Vegas, NV and there is absolutely no way we can have pulled off our investments without Mark and Heidi at Rice Property Management.  They helped us acquire the properties and they are currently providing white glove, hands-off property management.  Heidi is amazing!
5	I recently rented a house through rice real estate. Heidi was very professional and everything was handled promptly and hassle free! If your looking to rent a house look no further than rice real estate!! Thanks again.
5	By far the best property management team we have ever worked with. Always professional and working with us to quickly handle any issues that arise. Can't recommend them enough.
5	I wish I could give them more then five stars. Absolutely by far the most professional and helpful team that I have ever come into contact with! Newly relocating to Las Vegas, my husband and I were in the market to purchase our first home. Heidi and Mark were extremely helpful and informative about the entire process. We cannot thank them enough for making our first time buying a home such a smooth process for us. I would recommend Rice Real Estate and Property Management to anyone!
1	By far the worst property management company and any one that says else , must have been specifically asked to write a review. Because yea businesses ask clients to write reviews often. Heidi is very sassy and unprofessional. She deals with you in a condescending tone of voice. She also chases off potential customers. We provided Heidi with everything she needed. Back ground checks, two bank statements, balances that show we could have paid two years of rent for a property in cash . We actually said we will be paying 6 months in advance. We gave her every number to verify and she still was a kind of acting like a hater because she's unfamiliar with reading all types of bank statements. It took her three days to process an app. I stand corrected she didn't complete it we ended up taking a different home we got approved for because Heidi was so rude and unprofessional. If the homeowners knew she had that type of offer and saw the statements and the type of renters they would have gladly accepted. Meanwhile the property is still listed and they've even had to lower the price of what they want for rent not realiZing they had offers and she's just chasing clients away daily. The business is a husband wife type of business so assuming that she is so covertly bitter and sassy there's much more going on in that house then the rent due to the attitude she projects. If you really wanna sell a property or rent it out, by pass rice realty. Her husband might get the job done but Heidi has some deep rooted issues and a bad attitude towards classy clean cut clients. One minute she was pestering us to fill out and application. The next minute we give her bank statements and an offer any person with an investment property would LOVE a renter to make them and she got salty instead of relaying the offer to the homeowners.
5	I've known and worked with Heidi for five years and I have found her to be excellent all around.  She communicates well, she understands the world of investing and financing, and she follows up quickly and effectively when I ask questions.  I know that Heidi wants the best for her tenants, while also making sure that homeowners are getting a great management service at an affordable price.  Heidi is one of the best property managers that I have worked with and I work with them regularly. I am very impressed with her -- Heidi has earned my trust and my long-term business.
5	Heidi has been helping manage our property for over a year now.  From the very beginning, she's been so great to work with. she helped us find a good tenant almost immediately.  Heidi is always responsive and always ready to help with helpful tips and suggestions.  We feel really fortunate to be able to find someone we can trust to manage our property.  If you're in need of a property manager, we highly recommend Rice Realty.
