1	stay away!!! rude, unprofessional, and absolutely incompetent! Save yourself the trouble and skip this "florist"! I have purchased flowers from many other locations throughout town, and have never had such a bad experience! Don't ruin your special occasion due to their inability to perform!
1	I bought a groupon for this place and I'm terribly disappointed! I spent $15 for a bouquet that was horrible. There are some green leaves and one gerber daisy and a couple other assorted flowers. The most ridiculous part is the middle of the bouquet is empty. Literally there are no flowers or leaves or anything!  The girls there were rude and very unfriendly. When I called to place my order the girl put me on hold for 10+ minutes... Terrible!! Don't go here!
1	The flowers I got here were pretty. But they were definately not what I paid for. I paid for a premium bouquet and I got the minimum bouquet that was $20 cheaper. I ordered off of FTD and this is the florist I got, so beware..I WOULD NOT recommend.
1	Rude. Over priced. Ordered online, when I arrived to pick up my arrangement it wasnt what I ordered. They told me it wasn't the same but it was similar, it wasnt even close. Buyer beware
1	I ordered flowers from My Angels Touch yesterday to send a nice bouquet to my friend today for her wedding shower. The picture and description of the bouquet was very specific on the website, so I was sad and disappointed when my friend sent me the picture of the bouquet that arrived. First, it was not as full and pretty as the picture, the daisies were wilted, and we couldn't find the lilies that were supposed to be in it. I called the shop to complain and the daughter of the owner called her mom to tell her she didn't put lilies in the bouquet (I overheard the conversation). The mother called me back and said she had included them and tried to say I didn't know what lilies were (I realize these aren't supposed to be stargazers). So my friend looked closer and we saw there were little green wilted things that didn't look like lilies at all. I told the owner (politely too) that this bouquet looked like a cheap grocery store one. Plus, I purchased the step up from the original bouquet on the website. She said that was offensive to her...to HER. She said if I'm really upset, she can send more flowers tomorrow. Unfortunately, my friends wedding shower is today and I even posted a screenshot of my email receipt to show that the wilted flowers in the picture are from the same day of delivery (not days later). The owner said she stands by her product so I told her the pictures could stand for her product too then. All together I spent $70 on what was maybe the equivalent of a $20 bouquet from the grocery store. The flowers were unhealthy and I'm sad that my friend didn't get to have a nice bouquet on her special day. Super disappointed that the owner wouldn't help me out by at least replacing the bouquet today or just admitting she didn't have fresh flowers to deliver on this order so that I could buy nice ones from another shop. Terrible business, listen to all of the reviews here because they're not lying. Wish I had.I uploaded the pictures to this business' page. Take a look and see for yourself.
1	WARNING! Worst overall service EVER!! This place is the ultimate NO! every one star comment is unfortunately true and it's so sad I went through FTD online. I bought "the best" for $100 for mothers day. I live in Seattle and my mom lives in Vegas. ON MOTHERS DAY some guy called saying he was lost he needed help locating the recipients address. He claimed he wasn't even an employee but a friend helping the owner!! Then when I stop what I am doing I am in a panic worried that my mom won't get her bouquet I rush to the computer to help him find it. He said "WOW that's really far uummm let me call my "boss" (I thought you were a friend??) so he said he would call me back. He didn't so I called the number back and he said he would have his "boss" call me. She never called. I called the number on the business website and a personal voicemail answered. After spending all day on the phone with FTD, FTD even trying to contact them, no delivery no communication, This place SUCKS.
1	Worst floral experience ever. I ordered through FTD. Thank goodness I chose to have them deliver it to me and then I would deliver it to my mother because what I received was the worst arrangement I've ever seen. I couldn't possibly give it to my mother for Mother's Day. Different vase, old flowers - just awful. FTD called the shop to try to mediate the situation and the shop was completely rude and adamant that they did nothing wrong and refused to do anything for me (return or replace). FTD finally gave me my money back. I will NEVER order from them ever and will tell everybody I know (including you Yelpers) to never go to them. There are so many other great floral shops in town.
