5	35$ gets you signed up. Scan and send off your signed release to let them check out your driving abstract and about 5 days later, your membership card and welcome package arrive via the post.Tried car2go for the first time today. Found an available car on the app, walked to it, waved my card in front of the reader and voila: I was in.Cute little Smart cars, clean, gassed (but have a pre-paid gas card there just in case.) the nav system gives you all the instructions so that you can be off. The car was simple to drive and easy to park as it's so small. Good sound system, zippy and convenient. I went to the airport and back for less than a 1 way trip via taxi! If you live in one of the designated hoods: sign up, you won't regret it.***I do however worry how a Smart car can handle snow/ice though...
5	This company has come and taken Montreal for a ride...and parking is free too. I used to own a car, and as much as I liked it for going to Ikea or Costco, parking it was a real hassle especially paying for that stupid sticker that allows you to park at a spot that you'll eventually have to move it from anyways when the winter comes. I'm prettty sure they sell more parking stickers than there are spots, enter car2go. I got rid of my car and I didn't really like Communauto's approach to car lending, I thought it was rather outdated and pricey. Car2go offers you a new car, Smart car, that feels more like a go cart, a go cart that goes fast and that you don't have to fill up or pay for parking for. I signed up right away online, they had a free membership promo and 30minutes to test it out. It ruled, especially when it got cold and I needed to get food. Something happened after driving to the grocery store and leaving the car there and not worrying about parking, freedom happened. I was in the store and I was not shivering since I was warm in the car, I could buy whatever I wanted, since I wasn't hauling it back by bus and I felt like I had that feeling you had when you took your Dad's car out for a spin, no responsibility! So it gets 5 stars and I even tweet about it to let everyone I know how cool this system is, btw it works well in the snow since the engine is in the back and it has a small wheel base, now if we can just get the electric ones here..
1	Plagued with customer service problems. Their accounting department must be one person, I swear. No way for departments to contact other departments. Employees left shrugging their shoulders often. A joke.
1	oh my god, what a scam this company and it's representatives are.  I took them up on there trial offer, and entered all the available information they requested.  They called me back to inform me that there was a problem with the numbers entered for my drivers licence.  I validated with the representative over the phone 3x the numbers (look, it's not that difficult, in QC we have the first letter of your last name, and the rest are numbers)... only to be informed that I would need to send them a copy of my drivers licence by email/smartphone because I must be somehow incapable of giving them a dozen digits or so by email, form, or over the phone.  I just wished they would of been more honest and forthcoming rather than give a bogus reason that they cannot see my driving record on file with my province and they just want to see my drivers licence.  Give me a break, if you can't validate the digits on file that I have sent over, having a photo copy of my drivers licence on file won't allow you to see my record any more with the licence bureau.  Avoid this sham from the get go, because you know your not dealing with an honest and trustworthy company.
