3	Sure, it was lazy of me to choose a restaurant right on High Street, but it was my first evening in Edinburgh after an overnight transatlantic flight with little sleep, at the end of a long day of walking and sightseeing, and I just didn't want to have to work at it.  The service was crappy, even for Britain, but the food was decent.  I had haggis fritters, which I figured would be a gentle introduction to the famous dish, served with a honey/chili sauce.  My entree was the mixed grill, with lamb (A), steak (B+), pork/leek sausage (C), served with grilled mushrooms and onions and baked potato discs.
4	This pub located on the Royal Mile is touristy with decent but touristy prices. They aren't bad, and it's great if you want a drink and a hot meal. The service was good once the menu's were on the table. Once again our dinner consisted of Haggis, nips and tatties and a cheeseburger. The burger was 7 pounds, very meaty and big and came with chips and salad. The haggis, nips and tatties were neatly arranged in a fat, perfectly circular tower, garnished with greens on top and surrounded by a moat of gravy. I sampled the haggis and it was MMMMMM MMMM GOOD!  There is also a 7 pound walking tour during the day and a 5 pound ghost tour that starts 9.30pm outside this pub, just FYI.
4	Nice little place, right on the royal mile.  Ate a very decent Traditional Scottish Breakfast, my friend had chicken breast stuffed with bacon and haggis.  Both good.  I would return quite happily.
4	The Royal McGregor off the Royal Mile was pretty cozy place to spend a very rainy evening in Edinburgh.  It's not very big place inside but very good Scottish Food.   I had grilled scottish salmon which had the perfect crispy exterior tender middle.  The appetizers were great and the haggis burger is not bad at all.  The bar was perfect size to order drambuie and scotch and just think about life or talk about world peace with the nice bartenders.
5	stopped in here for lunch and i was NOT disappointed.  the wait staff and  bartender provided excellent service and had great personalities.
5	We went here for our first dinner in Scotland.  I got a Bulmer's cider which is one of my favoroite drinks.  We had to try the haggis fritters and they were delicious!  I feel like it was not really trying haggis because it was deep fried and had a sweet chili sauce.  But I loved the sauce and it was so good.We got the fish and chips and shepard's pie to share.  Both were amazing!  The shepards pie was made with lamb which is not my favorite but it worked really well in this.  The fish and chips was one of my favorite on the trip, including all the times we had it in London!  We also got the sticky toffee pudding which came with ice cream.  It was amazing... hot and flavorful and the ic cream totally complimented the sticky toffee.  The waitress was very friendsly and gave honest recommendations.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Even though this place is off the "touristy" Royal Mile, it really has great food. My husband and I ate there twice, dinner and breakfast, and both were delicious. I have to say that the Traditional Scottish breakfast was one of the best breakfasts of the trip.
4	I was here in June. Yep it's in the tourist strip but their tea was pretty good (not difficult) but I also ordered the haggis. I have had homemade haggis and this was close. I was a bit alarmed when I saw how it was served (stacked along with neeps and tatties with gravy all around it). I would rather them be separated but it was still enjoyable. There was a musician out side of the pub which made the sunny day in Edinburgh even better. Staff was friendly and patient when I asked if I could wait to order my lunch after my tea. The place has an awesome ambience and it was super clean.
3	Food and location are top. Staff were very poor on the occasion I was there. Would likely return when with friends visiting Edinburgh looking for Scottish fayre.
5	The sticky toffee pudding is life changing. The best I've ever had.
4	A simply fantastic traditional Scottish breakfast!!! I've had black pudding before that was pretty disgusting, but what is served here was absolutely outstanding. The portions were more than adequate to say the least, and I'd like to go back there for breakfast tomorrow. Great location on the Royal Mile. Highly recommended!!
3	Neat little pub, decent (albeit not particularly great) food and a good selection of wines & whiskies. Sticky Toffee junkies be warned, it's only so-so.  We went there after reading rave reviews of the sticky toffee pudding, which is my favorite dessert in the world.  It was "OK", a solid 7 out of 10.
3	This was by far the most forgettable place we went in Scotland/Edinburgh. Not sure if it was the time or day or our mood but we enjoyed a largely boring meal and I cannot, for the life, of me, remember what I ate. WAIT, I do remember! I ate a brie and spinach pie and the side salad with cherry tomatoes was actually the highlight. Yeah, overall, not a bad place. But forgettable.
5	Best IPA I have had since traveling around England and Scotland.  I am blown away by how great this place is in a tourist area.  Haggis and Venison burger are exceptional and the presentation of the meal was more than I expected. Service is excellent. Toffee pudding was moist and sweet but well balanced with the vanilla ice cream. I had to be rolked back to my hotel.
3	A bit touristy, right on the Royal Mile, you can tell they are used to frustrating situations with tourists. We didn't try any food but had drinks at the bar. Service was fine, as I remember the toilets were pretty gross...
