4	Exceptional local Carefree/Cave Creek/N. Scottsdale hangout for quality Italian, tasty gourmet pizzas, and even back-East style fast food.  Prices are very reasonable and consistency is never an issue with food or service.
3	Pretty good pizza and convenient for those living in Terravita.  Retro menu with emphasis on Italian food from the early 90s.  Friendly service makes this a neighborhood favorite.Downside is that it's a touch on the pricey side --- at $17 each the pizza here is more expensive than at LGO
4	Uncle Louie's is a longtime favorite of my family that lives in North Scottsdale / Carefree area... We've eaten at the restaurant and done 'take-out' more times than I can remember.  It's extremely consistent - we love the big selection of food offered, the friendly service, and the fact that it's so casual!When I don't order the pizza, the 'Italian Roasted Chicken' is an awesome alternative.  For $13.95, it is a 1/2 "free range" roasted chicken (flavored with Uncle Louie's secret recipe of garlic, lemon, and Italian herbs and spices), garlic roasted potatoes, and a cucumber, tomato, & onion salad on the side.  They even let you substitute for a different salad if you choose.  Of course, you can never go wrong with the pizza or pasta either.  If you eat in, they bring you a bread basket with olive oil and you can also request olives to snack on before your food arrives.  Pretty good wine and beer selection as well!I haven't had the ribs or sandwiches at Uncle Louie's but I bet they would not disappoint.  It gets kind of busy during snow bird season, so be prepared to wait a bit... it is worth it though! Also, on most evenings, you'll find both Louie and Marie (Mrs Louie) at the restaurant schmoozing with guests and making sure you're happy with your experience there.  They don't have much to worry about with us; we're already sold on returning again and again!
2	Not worth the drive.  Nice service but the food is over priced. Air conditioning not working properly, and it was WARM!
2	We went to the recently opened new location, which didn't have the sandwiches but I guess had more pastas? We had the rush street (pepperoni) pizza and the one with sausage for appetizers. I had the lobster ravioli which was really good. Everyone else enjoyed their food, all got a variety of dishes. The downside was it was newly opened, they didn't get our reservation call from this location (we went to this location and they called the new location for us and put us on the list and the hostess was not at all nice about this) and so we waited *forever* (a good 45min) in a packed place that had no sitting area (the bar of course was full). Also we sat between the kitchen and the waitstaff area so I got to listen to the complaints and drama of the waitstaff. I get places are new, but try to *look* professional even if you can't do your job.
5	I had the privellage of working at this establishment for a short period of time, and got to sample most of the food.  I'd have to say I learned a lot, especially that I was a horrible employee.  Even though it was  a bit rough for me,  I absolutely loved the food.  Haven't been in a while, but the Angel Hair Pescatori (I would sub linguine if I were you) was/is one of the greatest things I've ever put in my mouth.  It's been atleast 5 years since I've been and a good 5 before that, but if Michael is still cooking (such an ass, but awesome at what he does) get your butt here and eat!
1	If you're looking for mediocre pasta dishes and minestrone soup featuring canned vegetables and thawed meatballs then you've found the right place.  On a number of occasions I've had decent Italian food at their older location at Scottsdale/Carefree Highway but at their new establishment the owners have hired cooking staff that serve substandard Italian fare.  Louie and his wife need to be sampling what's cooking in their new kitchen.  For now, stick with their pizzas and salads.
3	When I suggested that we go to Uncle Louie's for dinner tonight, I forgot that the new location was open... I was starving, so I was excited that we didn't have to drive an extra couple of miles to get to the original.We were greeted by Louie and Marie themselves, and the restaurant was hopping around 8:30pm on Saturday night.  Angela was our server - she was super friendly.  The three of us shared 2 Greek salads, a pasta dish, and an eggplant parmesan.  It was plenty of food, and really hit the spot.Only three stars this time, since service was on the slower side, and perhaps the young kids working could use a bit more training.  I'm sure I'll return and hopefully in time, I'll update with that extra star.  Thanks Uncle Louie for filling our bellies yet again!
5	Well well well.  I see there ARE Uncle Louie haters.  Hmmm... I will say, not everything on their menu is awesome, but some of what they are dishing out borders on the divine.  Am I biased? You bet your ass I am.  I grew up with the original UL and have never been dissapointed by their food.  Is this Gordon Effing' Ramsay cooking here? No, but Chef Michael (whom I SAW in the kitchen freaking cooking) is there making the same, delish food that I remember from the old location + a few new things I've never seen before (hooray for sweet potatoe fries!!)  I agree, the staff there seems a bit new, and yes the guy with the sexy accent brought me a diet coke instead of a regular one.  2 times.  But hey, I'm not here to bag on the service I'm here to rave about the fact that I can get my angel hair al pescatore, with linguine THAT much closer to home now and it's STILL outta this world.  Chef Michael? Certifiable ass-hat.  Lou and Marie? Lush bags, but they sure the fuck know how to run a restaurant.  Is this a fair review? Hell no. It's MY review. Deal.  Oh, and if you can, get a Blue Bomber pizza to go, holy monkey.
3	This is a great place I can get a quick sit down bite at when heading back from Heard Museum North Scottsdale, with locations just north and south of "HMNS."  I'm a fan of the salad and the UL pizza. Its not bianco but its good midwest italian.
4	The new location for UL is pretty well tucked away at the end of the new AJ's Shopping center but it is well worth finding.  Sounds like there were some issues they had to get over when they first opened but my experience was great!Went for an early dinner at about 6 pm.  The service was prompt and our server was very friendly.  We ordered a Mediterranean pizza and Penne with Wild Mushrooms in Cream Sauce.  The Penne was amazing.  A wonderful mixture of different mushrooms in a delicate cream sauce over perfectly al dente penne.   I'm sure it's a million calories but I could easily have snarfed down another serving!  The pizza combination of artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, feta, banana pepper rings, etc was great.  The only reason I knocked a star off is the middle third of the pizza could have been crispier.  Of course that can be difficult with that many wet ingredients.One side note for all you ladies with a fireman fetish.  There is a new fire station across the parking lot and the bar area was filled with at least a half dozen firemen.  So, if that's your cup of tea, then you might find someone to help put out your blazing inferno!
4	Uncle Louie's is the classic local bar and eatery. The restaurant services up excellent and pasta and pizza dishes and pours a strong drink. We usually sit at the bar and enjoy the game and always happy to see Louie and Marie.For Phoenix the Italian food is great and you won't be disappointed. My wife sticks with the pasts which she loves and I usually go for the pizza. You won't be disappointed. The staff is young and the restaurant is new so that may be some of reasons for peoples comments on the service, but these are areas that will be worked out in time. Don't let it stop you from coming.Its in North Scottsdale (I do mean North) so things die down at 9pm. if you coming oast that call and make sure their open.
4	This restaurant is located in a beautiful shopping center in North Scottsdale.  I had a salad and a pasta dish and the food was great... I was pretty stuffed after eating.  Service was friendly and the place looks good.  Overall, I'm a fan and I'll be back.
4	We've been going to the new location and the old location for three years. We always get fresh, good-tasting food here. The pizzas are very good- crust is between thin and thick and tastes really good. The fennel sausage they use on some of the pizzas is unique and addictive. The salads are surprisingly fresh and thoughtfully prepared. I often get the tuna Nicoise or Greek salad. The salads are also large, so you could definitely share one. The new location has a tastefully decorated, comfortable room and as well as a nice patio. Yes, the prices are higher than some lesser restaurants, but I never mind paying the bill because the food is always good!
4	I heard of this place and it is very good.  I really my fish sea bass special.  The salads are great.  I will come back and try again.  My husband had the pasta.  Yum!  The host was so gracious and we didn't wait long at all.  I would recommend this place if your up in the n. Scottsdale area.
5	sold to a different owner. not sure what's going on!
3	Neighborhood favourite maybe...However, Food is overpriced. $ 17 for Lasagna - you would expect some wow factor. Well, don't get me wrong it was good, but the $ 17 price tag left me blah!On top of that, the portion was tiny and accompanied by a ridiculously small and uninteresting piece of garlic bread.My taste buds convinced me that my homemade pasta and pizza (pictured) won their return visits. And I can drink all the vino and espresso I want without a guilt trip and go straight to sleep like a bambino. Thanks for your loyalty tastebuds!
4	Excellent pizza, particularly the fennel sausage.  Items other than pizza do less well, but highly recommend the pizza
1	Had the same experience as K.F. when we walked in.  No one was there to seat us and no seemed too anxious to do so.   If the food was good, we might have been able to forgive that, but it just wasn't good at all.  Started w/ the fried calamari which was soggy.  Both my husband and I had a pasta dish which neither of us enjoyed.   Don't know if the pizza is any better, but we won't be going back to find out.
2	My fathers favorite Italian place and very popular with others in the neighborhood, particularly popular with those 70 and over.  The food is conistently bland and the management confused.My visit last night was typical - we were seated and given menus.  10 minutes later the table next to us was seated.  5 minutes after that they had their orders taken.  We were still holding menus.  After 25 min. the table next to us was enjoying their salads and we were still reading menus.  When I asked the owner (Mrs. Louie) to remind our waitress that we were there she snapped and told me that the error was "not deliberate".  Yeah, I understand it was an accident but a simple "I'm sorry, I'll take care of it" would have been great.  Her taking our order would have been even better.  The food is just plain OK.  My wife ordered pasta that is difficult to mess up.  I ordered Veal Parm. for the 2nd time.  It was no better than the first time I've tried it.There are some really good Italian places nearby, if you are not seeking bland, boring and poor service look elsewhere.
4	Exceptional service on my visit to this place, which is incredibly rare.  St.Louis-style toasted raviolis were delicious, and interesting with the creamy marinara dipping alternative.  My marg pizza had some of the most delicious tomato chunks I've ever had on a pizza, so incredibly sweet and yummy.  Crust had great color and texture too.  Cheese was alright.  Pasta options looked good, but I've saved those for next time.  Quite pricey, but I suppose this is a nice area so it's not so out of line.
3	Just a so- so place. To many other places with better food  for your $$$.
5	One of my favorite casual Italian restaurants in North Scottsdale!  Used to eat at their old location in Terravita, but prefer their new location much better near Whisper Rock. Chef Michael does a great job and everything is delicious!  My favorite dishes are the Osso Bucco - also known as their "Awesome Bucco" and their Shrimp Scampi!  The bar is really great at the new location and it is always fun to sit and meet all the locals!  Uncle Louie always has some great appies like their fresh oysters and one night, he even flew in fresh stone crabs from Florida!  My favorite hostess in the World is Marie and it is always a pleasure to go there when both Lou and Marie are around as they both make you feel at home! They also have a very nice outdoor patio with heated lamps.
4	The service was great, I didn't like the five dollar coronas. But the food was awesome as well!
2	Had heard a lot of good things about this place so we just tried it. The food was pretty good albeit a tad pricey for what it is but the service was just horrible. I'm guessing that they were understaffed or something like that but our waiter was pretty much nonexistent. Our drinks came after our salads and after our dinners (none of which arrived quickly). I actually had to get up from our table and track him down in order to pay our bill. As we were leaving, the manager asked how things were and we told her. While she apologized, nothing else was forthcoming. I'm guessing that it might be a better placed than what we experienced but we won't be in any big rush to try it again.
3	Ok, so I will say they got us a table without a reservation, but I think they burned the crap out of the calimari in retaliation....The pizza was ok, not quite like something out of a box at home, but not as good as costco pizza even!If it haddn't been for a couple of great martini's this would have gotten a much lower rating....Good luck
2	There are lots of better places than Uncle Louie The Restaurant. The Mediterranean Pizza was good. The salad with chicken was tasteless and the chicken was dry and the lettuce was just iceberg lettuce. The veal Parmesan was burnt. The waiter forgot to place one of our orders. All in all, not a good experience. I apologize for giving such a negative review. It's obviously a family run business which I generally try to support rather than chain restaurants. However, they need to get their act together and improve on the food preparation.
2	Food was just ok. Kinda price for what you get.
5	Just had the Rigatoni Bolognese which was the only thing I had yet to try in the 6 yrs I've been coming to this fabulous neighborhood restaurant. The Pizza and Pasta dishes are to die for. The chalkboard specials are always worth a peek. My wife's favorite pizza is the Brooklyn Bridge with meatballs and roasted peppers. The service is always friendly and the make a mean Manhattan at the bar. Louie and Marie welcome all their guests like family. Don't hesitate to make this a regular stop in North Scottsdale/Carefree/Cavecreek area.
1	Very pricey for what you get. Only ok service. Sometimes staff is a bit rude.
3	Many restaurants in the Phoenix area are in strip malls. Uncle Louie is in a nice one - but one just the same. The decor looked it too. It's a good thing that the place was busy and the host was warm and gracious - as if you were an old friend. (I think Louie's wife?) Service was good and prompt. I read that others haven't been so lucky but maybe it's because I was with regulars. The Caprese salad was very good and had razor thin slices of prosciutto on it. Yum. Between the 3 of us, we had the Veal Picatta, Shrimp Scampi and Pizza - all were delicious. The shrimps were a good size and perfectly cooked. My friend didn't share her pasta but I assume it was tasty. The veal was fresh and tasty! Big portion and lots of capers. I have to say that I did not try the pizza ... until the next morning cold. It was still amazing and I am kicking myself for not eating it fresh! Overall - the food was fresh and true - meaning I didn't get lots of food that tasted processed like a big chain might have. They are pretty pricey but in that area, it's not a problem. I can tell you one thing - If I lived close by - I would go pretty often. I live in an area of chain restaurants and getting something family owned that isn't a diner is hard to come by. Next time I travel to Phoenix, I will try Uncle Louies and get the pizza!
4	It's interesting how a neighborhood family own restaurant can succeed, specially being in the top of the hoods. I guess good food, nice decor and great service builds regulars. I had the uncle Louie salad which was good, nice serving and with a lot of flavor. The penne wild mushroom was super good.A nice touch is that the owners (I assume they were the owners) talked to us a couple of times. Not the typical annoying manager/owner who engages into an endless conversation but a gentle genuine courtesy chat.All in all a very nice place.
1	Poor service.  Waited an hour for food.  Server told us it was because we didn't order appetizers...hmmm.  Overpriced. For a restaurant in my neighborhood that I have eaten at for years this was my last meal there. Love the vodka sauce but too many other restaurants that appreciate my business.
1	Decided to order a pizza from Uncle Louie since it's pretty close to my house and I am always looking for new places. I ordered an extra large pepperoni pizza for 21$ (which is extremely pricey) and went in to pick it up. What I got was barely a large, about 15 inches. It was overly oily, to the point where I had to use a paper towel to suck up the grease on top first before trying to eat it. It was overly salty yet somehow had no taste and the crust was soggy. I wasn't sure if I was looking at a regular pizza or a thin crust, it's like they couldn't make their mind up when they made it. I have eaten better pizza from a circle K. I was very disappointed in not only the price and the size but the taste and quality as well. Will not be going inside to try anything else they make.
4	Used to go to the old location when it was new way, way back.  Finally tried the "new" location a few weeks ago with the family.  Everyone loved it.  Not sure if we'd come back for date night but definitely a place to bring the family.  Fresh food and something for everyone.  Louie stopped by to welcome us and thought it was a nice touch to make sure everyone was enjoying their meals.My daughter ordered spaghetti & meatballs.  I can't believe how much she ate.  I don't usually order this at restaurants but tried a bite of hers and might try it next time.  My son had the fettuccine alfredo and it was delicious!I ordered the sea bass & vegetables.  I could have shared it with the entire table.  It was so big.  Really good.The hubs enjoyed the veal piccatta.We shared Spumoni and the Tiramisu.  Not usually a fan of Tiramisu but it was light and creamy.
4	My wife and I stumbled on to uncle Louie's while staying at a near bye resort, we had the eggplant parmigiana, it was Absolutly wonderful, we now live in Scottsdale and frequent uncle Louie's, Louis and Marie are genuine people and make you feel welcome, we'll be seeing you there, peace, John
2	Nothing special...We didn't try the pizza, which is the attraction.We had minestrone soup to start. Cubed fresh veggies and a nice broth. Spaghetti and meatballs, pistachio crusted sea bass, and I requested a special plate of meatballs coated in mozzarella and marinara round out the service.The fish was very nice. The meatballs were average...If my glass was kept full, the tea was served with a tea bag and the fish didn't have go back I guess we would of had a nice dinner.Don't see a reason to be back.
5	This is a one of a kind! The owners will greet you, welcome you and it feels like your having dinner with your family. The food is delicious!! The wine was amazing!! I cannot wait to go back!!
2	Old location was great and had character. Now it's overpriced, average food and ambiance is lackluster.
1	Very Friendly Staff, over priced, poorly prepared italian food. Bottom line is that it is simply not worth the effort. My meal was so bad that I sent it back and left.
1	Ordered one blue bomber pizza and two pasta dishes for take out.  Bill was $62.  They said it would be 20 minutes, so I showed up in 25 minutes.  My pizza was already setting on the counter, but I waited over 20 more minutes for my two pastas.  We had to reheat all food when I got home.  There were 11 people waiting to give there names for a table, but nobody was at the desk the entire time I was there.There are better Italian restaurants, less expensive, with better service.
5	Uncle Louie's Rest is great. A lot of locals go their on a regular bases. The Steamed Clams are to die for, and the Veal dishes are wonderful. Uncle Louie visits the tables as the owner and takes a real interest in the customer. Great Italian Food, and great prices on wine.
5	I Love this place. First you are always greeted with a big smile, it make me feel happy. Of course the food is great and the service is fast and very friendly. I love the lobster ravioli. My friends organized my birthday lunch there and it was fantastic.
5	It's not a corporate environment. It's a locals joint and you either get it or you don't. I had lobster ravioli in a wonderful tomatoe base, warm bread a a couple of adult bevies.  Service was somewhere between awesome and great as was the quality of the food. Maybe what I like the most is sitting at the bar and talking to other scottsdale locals.  FunThe prices are high, no doubt but I don't come here looking to eat on the cheap. Lob ravioli plus bread plus drinks .....  $51.00
5	I live in Parker, Co and I have to eat at Uncle Louie's every time I visit my mom here on the "Carefree" side of Scottsdale. I can't get past the spaghetti and meatballs and/or minestrone soup. They use fresh tomatoes only, the sauce is amazing! Marie and Louis are always here and make us feel like family!
4	We came here last night- the food was good. Our mussels were a little over cooked, the veal and penne pasta was solid and service was great. I do wish there was more of an ambiance in there, it's a bit bright for a dinner restaurant/date night.
5	I have always been obsessed with uncle Louie's! Their Italian food is so delicious and we have been coming here for years! They make one of the best antipasto salads I've ever had.
4	Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment.  The pizza is very very good. Great wine selection.
5	Came on a recommendation...the clamp luginini  was  very tasty, but the vibe in the restaurant was so welcoming..the bread was yummy..and now finishing off with the an expresso and Taramisu...I definitely will be back and recommend it.
