3	Big branch building not usually too busy.
1	Worse bank ever!  If it wasn't so difficult to switch and to open a new business account I would have already done it. Do not open an account with Bank of America!
1	No tellers. Really. Hire hire hire. Today 2 tellers. Yesterday At 4pm 1 teller. This bank really sucks. They have a greeter and plenty of personnel to open accounts and do loans. But no tellers. Really!
1	This is the worst branch ever . There is always a long line and not enough tellers to help you .I'm using different branch all over vegas and all of them have enough tellers,  and usually I'm in and out in 5 minutes but this branch is at least 25 minutes wait.
1	As I'm standing in a long line, with only one teller working... the branch manager (Corina Mettlin) strides through asking everyone in line if she can help them... I tell her they can open another window, and she replies: "If you don't like our service, the door is right there". She started yelling this at me in-front of the entire line of custumers. Avoid this bank.
1	On September 10th, I went to Bank of America at 6900 Westcliff Dr. The line was very, very long with only 2 bank tellers. I asked for the signature card to my Safe Deposit Box to add a name to it. It turns out the bank couldn't find it. After 20 minutes of looking they ask me to come back tomorrow with an appointment.On September 11th, I went back to the bank at 3:00 for my appointment with Ms. Susan Mowatt. She was very nice in helping me. But unfortunately she still couldn't find my signature card. She found my son's safe Deposit signature card, but couldn't find mine. I explained that this was the SECOND TIME they lost my signature card. It's like losing my passport. I was very concerned. Then, from another desk came the manager, Ms Carina Mettlin, who was there the first day, held a grudge against me because the previous day I came in "too late." But if I came in when they were closing, why wouldn't they just tell me it's too late? I got there at 4:45pm. Didn't think it was a problem.She was telling me that they were NOT supposed to help anyone after 4:30 (Like they were doing me a favor!) I said I am concerned that this bank lost my signature card for the second time. Ms Carina Mettlin started raising her voice to me, which I thought was very unprofessional. She said "We didn't lose your signature card, we 'misplaced it,' and it will take 48 hours for us to try to find it." Doesn't 'misplacing' something mean that they lost it? She then accused me of raising my voice and said "I'm DONE WITH YOU," like she was dismissing me. Like a school teacher. As I was walking out, I decided to ask for a manager. She refused, and just gave me information to email higher management. I found this infuriating and am very disappointed in this whole situation. Last thing she said to me in a condescending way, was "HAVE A NICE DAY."Don't go to this bank if you need good, reliable service. And try to avoid Ms. Carina Mettlin.
4	It's an ATM; what else can I say.  They've got good shade if you decide to use the drive-thru ATM.
1	This review is for the Home Loans department located at this address. The mortgage loan officer that we were assigned at this location didn't act very welcoming at all and she didn't explain anything to us about the mortgage loan process. Thank the Lord I had a really good realtor that explained everything to me. The loan officer at this location would take forever to return emails or phone calls and always acted bothered when we asked her questions. It was such a relief when our loan was moved to another loan officer who was in Texas and communicated very well as well as answered all of our questions in a timely manner. If you want a good loan officer do not go to this location.
1	"30 - 45 minute" wait for a wire transfer. It has now been 1 hour 6 minutes and counting as there was only 1 personal banker.They only let me see someone else (who was sitting their aimlessly for the past 20 minutes btw) for the wire transfer when I approached them to complain. Why not just have this other person assist 20 minutes  ago?Very poor management here. Probably the worst Bank of America branch I've visited.
