4	Went here looking for my first car, Knew they had a Toyota Avalon pre owned in the lot. Browsed around and a James Knab showed me the cars i requested and did what ever he could to answer our questions and assist us. Didn't feel hustled. Very helpful. Then again didn't buy from them so who knows how the whole haggling process could have been.
1	Went in to buy a car and ended up with a salesman who had a hard time being up front with me.  I did not buy a car there and will try other dealers. Perhaps it was just my salesman. Suggest you know up front what the car cost, what options are included, how to figure a lease etc. Be smart about your car buying unless you get someone to work with better than i did. It is a shame since I expected better from Lexus.
5	Best car experience ever! Purchased a Lexus RX 350 we found over the internet, and had it shipped to CA.  Price was better than we found in-state, and car was delivered to our driveway is precisely the condition that sales staff said it would be. Every detail that was remotely questionable, was disclosed to us prior to the sale. Car is certified preowned, and we felt comfortable choosing this car because we knew Lexus of Las Vegas had gone over it with a fine tooth comb. Many thanks to staff members Leigh Moorehouse(internet sales) and a very nice salesman, Bobby D'Amora, for making this transaction seemless!We've had the car for one year now, and even a year later,  received an email from Leigh to check in to see if we are happy with our car and to say hello. Very nice touch! Thank you guys, you're the best!
1	Bought a car from them in October 2011. Was told that the title will be issued in 2-3 weeks but it has not been. They said, they don't have title for my car. Car was paid cash. I needed my title. Left message to sales person, sales manager, ang GM multiple times but no one calls back. When ask to speak to a live person, only one I get is a sales person who is not willing to help as it's out of his experties. Also, they had promised an extra set of key for my car. It took them 2 months, to get the key for me. Pretty much, they all are good to you up until you buy the car and drive off. Once off the lot, you are nothing but an ex-client that they dont care for much. But they don't realize that it's the ex-client that gives referrals and comes back. I would not purhcase here again. Horrible after sale experience.
5	This is a review of the service department only.I love it here. Everyone is so polite and friendly. I'm acknowledged and greeted before I even get out of my car. The customer lounge is comfortable and relaxing. Leather chairs, tables, a large flat screen TV, magazines, newspapers, bagels and cream cheese, Danishes, fresh fruit, bottled water, canned soda, a coffee machine that makes everything from a cup of black coffee to a chocolate espresso.There is also a "Kids Place", which is a room in the waiting area with glass doors (so the main lounge stays quiet! Yay!) It has miniature tables, chairs, a TV, children's books, etc.The service is relatively quick and I never feel like they're trying to sell me extra. I would definitely recommend the Lexus of Las Vegas service department!
5	FREE REFRESHMENTS, PASTRIES AND WI-FI!!I bring the ride here for service. You can request for a loaner if your are doing a major service. If you are just getting an oil change, they offer a shuttle to take you wherever you want. Just call the driver to pick you up when you are done. If you don't have anywhere to go, the lounge is awesome. Travel Channel is always playing on the big flat screen. I always bring my laptop and take advantage of their free wi-fi. They have a coffee/espresso/hot chocolate machine. The mini fridge is always full of bottled water and soda. Hot tea is also available. There are cupcakes and bagels. There is also a toaster if you want your bagel toasted. They used to have fresh baked cookies, but it looks like they have been replaced by cupcakes.Kelly (Service Manager) is always my service advisor when I bring the ride here. She is very nice and professional. She always calls me with updates if I leave the premises. This is my favorite Lexus dealership when it comes to the Service Department.
5	Just bought my first Lexus.  Many thanks to Don Turner for making this transaction stress free!
5	In October 2009 we leased an RX350 on a four year lease. That lease would be finished this October, but yesterday, my wife and I went to Lexus of Las Vegas and purchased the vehicle from them at the price stated on our lease agreement. They Certified it by doing an overall inspection and checked everything on the car, which allowed us to have an extended warranty for up to 100,000 miles!I cannot say just how much we have enjoyed not only the car, but the service there, and everyone at the dealership as well. Everyone is polite, courteous, and helpful. When you purchase or lease at Lexus of Las Vegas, you are assigned to a specific Service Representative, and you deal with that same person for as long as you own the car. In our case, we have had the pleasure of dealing with Don Bushmire, and it has been just that, a pleasure. I even called him from Montana once while we were there visiting Cindy's family because there was no fluid in the radiator reservoir. Thankfully, there is a Toyota dealership where we were, and I was able to take the car there, and they refilled the reservoir and checked the radiator for leaks and sent my on my way at no charge! While I was on the phone with Don, he said that as soon as I got back to Las Vegas he wanted me to bring in the car so that they could do a thorough check and make sure there were no problems at all, which I promptly did after getting home from our trip.That is the kind of service that you can expect at Lexus of Las Vegas! And your service rep. becomes a friend rather than just some unknown person you deal with every now and then.As for our purchasing the vehicle from them, we had the great pleasure of dealing with Matt Pszenmayer (a German name and pronounced "Fitz..."). What a great guy! He was courteous and polite, very helpful, and really just a pleasure to deal with. He also introduced me to Bill, his boss, who seemed just like everyone else there at Lexus of Las Vegas, just a very down to Earth nice guy!I seems like everyone there is always smiling and happy to be there, and happy to help you in any way they can.In my lifetime, I have purchased over a dozen new vehicles, including a few motorcycles, and this is the ONLY dealership that I have dealt with where every time I am there, whether for a vehicle service, or whatever, I have come out of the place with a smile on my face! From our very first dealings with them when we originally leased the RX350, up to, and including yesterday, when we purchased it from them, I have been completely satisfied with my experience there, and have ALWAYS left with that same smile on my face. It's always like spending time with one of your good friends!If you have bothered to read this review to the end, I'm guessing that you realize I am now, and will forever be, SOLD on Lexus, and especially Lexus of Las Vegas! I am now a life long customer of theirs, and I encourage anyone looking for a great vehicle and a wonderful dealership to go and spend some time at Lexus of Las Vegas, and maybe some money even, because I can tell you that we have never been more satisfied with a vehicle and dealership like Lexus of Las Vegas!
5	I came here because I was in a minor car accident and needed my car serviced. I dont live in the area. However, I went to the Lexus of Las Vegas and the service was impeccable. They took care of me, were very thorough and patient and super accommodating. This is an excellent Lexus service location. They also have a great lounge with lots of nice refreshments. Five stars all the way!
5	Whenever I bring my car here for service, I am greeted with courtesy and professionalism. There is a lounge area to wait, with plenty of drinks, coffee and snacks kept stocked. There is also a large television, and free WiFi. The area is kept very clean, and there are plenty of comfortable places to sit if you decide to wait for your car.Whoever takes care of my car will sit with me and go over everything to be done before service begins. Lexus of Las Vegas also gives you options such as loaner cars and a ride to wherever you need to go if need be.Another nice touch, you get a decent free car wash once service is complete. It is an option; if you really need to jet, you can ask them to forgo the carwash. But, I like the carwash. :)Lexus obviously cares about repeat business. They took as good care of my 13-year old car as they do my new car. I have never, ever had an issue where I had to return. You can tell morale is high, and everyone I have encountered seems to be very happy to work at Lexus of Las Vegas.
4	I bought my first car here, by myself, 2 years ago when I was 20 and I had a great experience.. My sales guy was Don & finance guy was Charlie and both were a pleasure to work with. No one was pushy or aggressive and they treated me with respect even though I was a first time buyer~!!!I come here often for oil changes.. And their waiting area is awesome! Free donuts, pastries, bagels, etc.. I love their cappuccino machine & mini fridge stocked with "Lexus water" lol & soda... They have a nice big flat screen and many magazines to look through as well has a separate children's room ;]]] Their restrooms are nice and they even have some computers available to use~!!!Their oil changes used to be only $50 but the last time i went it was like $69.95... so boooooo~!!! Hot Tip: carwashes are included with oil changes YAY
1	This dealership is a stealership when it comes to having your car service. I went to the dealership to have an oil change and then when my car was done they told me i have to replace my brake pads which cost $680 to replace front and rear, wow!! i made a quick research when i was there on my iphone to search for the parts which only cost $154 that's a no brainer.
1	I decided to go to Lexus dealership mechanic just to see what's wrong with my car, I tried to schedule a diagnostic at the service department - Juanita - the one answered the phone either has a hearing problem or drunk. She asked me to spell my name 4x, transposing my phone numbers, I asked her simple question, she gave me totally different answers. Then, she gave me a quote of $170 something plus tax.  Then, she asked me what was wrong with my car. I said, I was trying to schedule to find out what's wrong with my car, then she said, oh I see. Then, she looked at a chart again and she gave me a quote of $127. Totally scam and waste of my time.  I wish they do drug test on their employees.Also, those of you who are fascinated by their donuts and espresso, for $61 oil change, they should include a massage.  I can totally get a Starbucks espresso and pastries and go to Midas or Ted Wiens without spending more than $35. They do excellent jobs too and they're certified.
2	Service advisor that greeted me was showing little interest of my LS issue.  They were running around in crisis trying to locate loaner car for someone else.  Not what I am use to by a Lexus dealership.  I drove away.
1	Stay away! Tried leasing a 2014 IS250 fsport from them. My salesperson was Chris daw. I wanted to lease the car for 12k miles/24 months. Idid my calculations before I came to the dealership, and I knew it was possible to have a monthly payment of $500 or less for 24 months with a maximum down payment of $2,000. So I came in, Chris greets me. We sat down and I told him what I wanted. When he came back after talking to the finance department.. He gave me an offer a COMPLETE IDIOT would agree on.  He said, that the on,y way I can have a monthly payment of less than $500 would be to put a $12,000 down payment. Really?!?! $12,000 is the total lease amount so why would I still have to pay monthly if I drop that much cash for down payment. Then he keeps saying his favorite line "don't take this the wrong way",then he follows it with an insult. What pissed me off the most was when he said, "don't take this the wrong way but its just simple math" wow. I never felt so insulted in my life. He acted like I didn't know math. I've taken 2 levels of calculus in college. So I know my math. My pinky probably knows more math than him and the rest of the dealership. And they tried charging $595 for tint. Yes I did get the car, from a California dealership. They offered me $460 for 27 months for the same car. Big difference from what lexus of Las Vegas offered me ($680 for 24 months). Proof that this dealership is crooked. Oh by the way, the dealership in CA offered me free tint!
4	I come here for parts sometimes...They give me fair prices on OEM parts here....filters, paint, misc.  You can get a little better deal on some parts buying from Sewell, but then you have to wait for them to come in. Glad I do almost all the work myself...over $100 for an oil change?  Ain't nobody got time for dat!I purchased from Lexus of Henderson, so I can't comment on the sales portion here.  Glad I don't get hounded when I pull in though.Nice facility here...I'd probably be comfortable spending large chunks of money if need be.Hopefully your next visit doesn't hurt!
5	This year my wife Toshi wanted to trade in her Toyota Avalon for a Lexus, but she wasn't sure what model. We went to the Lexus of Las Vegas dealership on West Sahara and met with Leigh Morehouse, who was wonderful and put my wife at ease.At first Toshi thought that she wanted a Lexus hybrid, so we checked out and test drove hybrids, which were great. However while we were there other models caught our eye and so we drove some ES models.Our sales person Leigh was pleasant, professional and helpful while we tested her impatience with our indecisiveness.We ended up buying a Lexus ES 350. Soon afterwards, I drove the new Lexus to California.  When I arrived at my destination, after about ten hours on the road, I found that I was so comfortable with the ride that I stayed in the car another 20 minutes just relaxing and soaking in the music from the wonderful sound system.  I later found that people had been waiting for me and were wondering what the holdup was.  (They were hungry and wanted to go out to dinner.)
5	I've always been satisfied with the service that I received at this Lexus dealership. I bought my first Lexus approximately a year and a half ago and the customer service provided at that time that I purchased the car was exceptional. Nothing, however, matches up to the great customer service that I received on my most recent visit. I had to take my car in for a problem that I had with the shocks. I didn't know what to expect or if I was going to need to pay anything. I understood that I did have a warranty but I never really went over the details of what was covered and what wasn't covered. I happily learned that everything was covered and I was very pleased.The story doesn't end just yet. They gave me a loaner vehicle for the time that it was going to take for them to fix my car which turned out to be about a week and a half. They loaded me up into a car that was far superior to my own and gave me a full tank of gas sent me on my way. Then they told me I didn't have to pay anything nor did I have to refill the gas. Customer service like this these days is hard to come by (almost makes me suspicious.. Jk). In the end, I was extremely happy with the service that was provided to me. My service person was Vahagn Nazaryan according to my paperwork (I remember that I could never remember his name. Haha). Vahagn was extremely easy-going and a real professional. I will most certainly be going back to trade in and purchase a new car in the future. Most likely, i'll end up buying the car that they decided to loan to me in the time my car was being fixed. I suspect this was their strategy in the first place. Regardless, they've won me over. I wouldn't be surprised if I remained a loyal customer until the end of time contingent upon continued customer service at this level.Thanks again Lexus.
1	The worst Lexus dealer in the country. They don't deserves to carry the Lexus brand. They fixed my engine and then forgot to fill up the oil. Then they did not check for loose bolts and nuts. I got on the freeway then things fall off my car. I called and left a message for the "manager" no one ever call me back.
3	I came in and knew exactly what i wanted so the negotiating process was handled in short order. There is nothing in this experience that stands out very much. After asking for several things which I am used to getting with no problem and being told no or my hands are tied its clear to me that this dealership is nothing more then a conduit to get me the car i wanted. I am a long time customer of lexus,i did my business with the same dealer for decades in another state. I was given special considerations when it came to what i was charged and how much i was charged. simple things such as car washes,loaner cars,discounts for service and parts. Clearly that is not the case here.Seems silly to me to be petty with a client who asks for basic considerations in return for loyalty to their dealership.But,it is clear that is not the case at this dealership.I like my car,i got my price,ty very much have a nice life haha...next....i decided to add an extra star for me cause i'm such a good client.I also noticed a review from a client regarding a service incident regarding repairs and the cleanliness of a loaner car...that is just pathetic and shameful....if i were that client i would write to lexus corporate...that is not normal or acceptable. You want to give loaners with wrappers and empty drink bottles try selling ice cream trucks not luxury cars.
4	after receiving a follow up from management I have raised my stars to 4 for the following reasons. They addressed my complaints and basically tried to meet me halfway so I cant fault them for that.I understand that doing business is a balancing act,we are all trying to stay balanced. I think I made some suggestions that might make the way they handle my complaints in the future more digestable for their clients. I still think they are lacking competition and that if they had it locally they would sing a different tune in regards to cost of parts and labor,but until someone wants to pony up 50 million to build a new facility they are it in las vegas. It would have been nice to not even have to complain and have them address the issues before it becomes a yelping drama but without yelp how would consumers really know? I am fair and impartial when I review,if i werent what would be the point in using the service. I will not raise my review to 5 stars..that is reserved for only the very best ,they raised their game in my eyes but they still need to work out some details. Thank you for addressing my issues. As  a side note I would recommend rachel roemer as a salesperson she is clearly interested in making sure all of your needs are met.PS watch out for the dragon lady shes a pistol.... haha
1	Such a tremendous turn around for the Customer service experience.  Ever since I got my second Lexus I've had a tremendously horrible experience.  I was lied to making the deal initially and I got buyers remorse from the deal.  Ever since then the employees and management that I've encountered have had the word stuffs towards me as a customer.  The saying goes the "Customer is always right". They act like the Cusotmer is always wrong.  I will never buy from them again no matter what the deal is.  Tremendous fail on their part.  Corporate should step in and revamp the Cusotmer service aspect of this dealership.
4	After being disappointed with a previous experience, Ted the service manager at Lexus quickly contacted me to address my issues and concerns. He turned a negative experience into a positive one and because of him I will return.
1	Most unpleasant experience from very unprofessinal people.
5	I bought a RX350 from out of state and my experience with this dealership and especially Michael Fletcher was outstanding. I searched throughout the internet for an RX350 and inquired about one of them at Lexus of Las Vegas. Michael always emailed me right back and willingly negotiated with me. When the sale was almost final and a mix up occurred, Michael quickly talked with his managers and fixed the situation. This vehicle was a surprise for my wife, and they did not let me down. I have purchased many vehicles and this was one of the smoothest car deals I have ever done.
5	I currently reside out of state, looking to get into a Lexus upon my arrival in Las Vegas. I was promptly assisted by Michael Fletcher who is very professional and considerate.  He treated me with the same respect and kindness I would have received from my friends at my local dealership here in Hawaii.  It is very refreshing to meet a salesperson who has integrity and excellent follow through.  It was truly a pleasure to work with him.  When shopping for your next car, be sure to ask for Michael Fletcher.Cheers,Chris
5	Nice dealership and easy on the eyes. Very clean and great service always try their best with my Lexus and are always patient and explain what is needed.
1	Once in a while I have to go in for service but unless it absolutely has to be a dealer service, I avoid it like the plague.  Not only is dealer service, in general, more expensive but with this particular dealer I went in with a complaint and they told me it was "U joint" and the price was so high my first question was "is it a safety issue?" and when I was told "no" I deferred the service.I later went to my regular mechanic and asked him about the same complaint (wobble on the front end)  I wasn't in the waiting area more than 5 minutes and they came and and got me to show me the car while it was up on the lift... the wobble was created by a bubble in my tire!   Now THAT is a safety issue.In essence, Lexus of Las Vegas could been responsible for the injury or death of me or others if I bought the whole "U joint" line and that tire blew on the freeway or something.  Fortunately, I generally know a line of BS when I hear it and know more about cars than they know so I knew that was most likely either a lie or incompetence.I haven't experienced this at other dealers.. just the price premium.I love my Lexus and want to keep it forever.  I would probably by another if I was in need of a new car but not at Lexus of LasVegas!
5	I've recently had some bad luck and this is my 3rd car in 1 year. We actually are pretty loyal and we're going to go back to the infiniti lot to get another infiniti but we swung through this lexus lot just to check it out. WOW... we found a beautiful car and Michael fletcher was our sales person. We couldn't have been more lucky. He took care of us and was a real person (not just a sales guy). I will never go with another brand or sales person ever again. Car shopping made easy and stress free
5	This place has been excellent with its overall service and communication process. My dealer, Michael Fletcher, has been an amazing person with his customer service and patience. As this has been my first time leasing a car, it became confusing at times. However, Michael has been informative and helpful at all times. Besides, loving the car so everything's great!
5	Came in to kill sometime and look at some cars, found a beautiful car and a even better salesman. Thank you Donald Kaye, will definitely recommend and will come back in the future, A+++
5	April 2014, I started car shopping for myself. It was the first time I'd ever stepped foot onto a Lexus car lot. I have been a loyal Cadillac owner for years yet the newer models just aren't as roomy or well built as the older models and it's time to buy or lease a newer car.I was greeted by sales woman named Amanda. The purpose of my visit on this day was to get educated about the Lexus vehicle and the different models. Amanda was very patient, courteous, extremely knowledgeable, and a pleasure to be around!! I was impressed with her demeanor, confidence and sales approach. Amanda wasn't pushy as most sales people are, Amanda listened to and answered all my questions (and I had a ton of questions!!) and spent a considerable amount of time with me. I did not leave a call back number, but ultimately did return.Two weeks later, my daughter was in a terrible car accident and her car was totaled!! Now I "HAD" to purchase a safe, reliable vehicle and Amanda was the only sales person I wanted to help us. We returned to Lexus, found and purchased an IS 250 and couldn't be happier! Thank you Amanda Panuccio for all your hard work, dedication, and professionalism! We will certainly return and let others know to request you!!
5	This review is with regards to my sales man at the Lexus dealer. On the 24 of April I had the most wonderful experience with Billy Johnson.  He was professional, considerate, with me,  personable, experienced, extremely helpful, informative.. shall I go on?My entire experience with this dealership and Billy was the best I have ever experienced.  I highly recommend Billy. If you want an exceptional sales person, ask for Billy Johnson. (702)
5	I would highly recommend Lexus of Las Vegas!  I have purchased 2 vehicles from them and the experience was outstanding!  The sales people are great, not pushy, the service people really care and make sure everything is done correctly.  Courtesy vehicles are always available and super nice!They painted the door on my vehicle that someone nicked up and it looked factory new!  ANYONE that has a negative thing to say about this place, ignore them!LEXUS OF LAS VEGS ROCKS!
4	This was the easiest buying experience I have ever enjoyed. Jason and Donald were exceptional. I got exactly the deal I wanted. Very classy. Leo in finance was so much fun. This is the second  car I have purchased from them and it has been a pleasure. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because we were there far longer than we should have been.
1	Lexus of Las Vegas was very dismissive when I went in to buy a used Ford.  They lost the properly executed contract and then threated to send me to collections for money I did not owe.  On top of that I had to replace the entire transmission less than 7 months after I purchased the car.  The finance department including the finance manager behaved in an ignorant manor and instead of admitting their mistake added fuel to fire.  I would not recommend purchasing a car from this dealership.
1	Had my car in for a recall while it was there they said my cabin air filters needed to be changed so 100 bucks I did it ..one week later my sunroof was malfunctioning amongst other things brought it back in and again got the call that the cabin air filters needed to be changed!!!! SO I asked if they screwed me last week or if they were screwing me now all they said was o that's right I see now we did do that last week I don't know why that's there...hmm I do because they are liars!!!! .....I tried to trade my car in for my dream car and I was only going to have to finance about 22000 with my trade I told them I wanted like a 400ish payment with that small amount to finance it is possible seeing how I paid off one  car with them....NOPE they told me 750 for 6 yrs ARE YOU HIGH??? they said at lexus they don't have 400 dollar payments.  So I went to bmw financed the same amount and left with my low car payment and new dream car ..I will never do business with lexus again I guess they are just to good for me...
1	Why is the part department not as good as the sale department? I am very very very disappointed... I drive a 2004 Lexus is300. Yes I know it's a bit older than what's out here today and yes I know that they don't make parts for it anymore. But hear me out... I literally needed a bolt and a nut. 2 simple things. I could go anywhere but I CHOOSED to go to LEXUS. So in advance I called the part department and told them what part I needed. Long story short they ordered it and told me it was going to take about a week. I'm like okay since it has to be shipped from San Fransisco. He told me it'll take about a week. I went on a vacation and just to save headaches I wanted to pick it up when I got back. Here we are 3 weeks later, the nut came in but not the bolt. Not even a call to update me on what happened. Why even ask for my phone number?? I wasted my time coming in today. The guy told me somehow the part was cancelled because of their computers. He said sorry but in a way to just get rid of me. He didn't accommodate me or anything! How are you going to work at a dealership and not make the best out of every single customer? Make them happy instead of saying sorry. WHEN YOU DONT REALLY MEAN IT, you just say it to make the customer shut up. Very disappointed in Lexus. You know the saying when a customer receives bad customer service he tells 10 people. When the customer relieves good customer service he tells 4 people. My family has bought nothing but Lexus in California. Slowly you guys will change that to another car manufacturer. Not because of the bolt and nut. Because of the principle of taking care of your customers.
5	I bought my very first car here a month ago, and i couldn't be happier with the service i got. Warren Kirwin is the nicest person you'll ever meet. A little bit about me...i am so dumb when it comes to cars, and i have horrible credit. I went to this dealership just to check things out, inquire and maybe plan on how i can get a car one day. Warren was very accommodating. He never made me feel intimidated. He was very patient in answering all of my silly questions. I really felt respected.Leo from finance was just fantastic! My dad and i were very impressed with the way he presented things to us. On our way home, my dad kept on saying how amazing leo was. He really was amazing. Hello??? He gave me the best deal ever. I can't thank them enough. I told Warren it was basically wishful thinking when i stepped into their office. He and Leo turned my wishful thought into reality. I would never think of buying a car other than a lexus. I've always been a lexus fan. Now i'm never buying a lexus from any other dealership. I'm not just loyal to lexus now. I'm loyal to lexus of las vegas.
1	I've just recently purchased a brand new IS 250 from Lexus of Henderson. Service was impeccable, made me love Lexus even more.  My tire pressure was low and I was near Lexus of Las Vegas so I decided to stop by and get it fixed along with a car wash. I was DENIED a wash. I was told this location does NOT offer complimentary washes!  The service rep told me he needed to ask for approval from the car wash manager and even so, he may or may not say ok. For a car wash???? What kind of service is this??? Lexus is considered a luxury brand, I expected levels of service to exceed my standards.  Needless to say, I was deeply disappointed in my visit to this dealership and I will never return for any type of service here anymore.  I will go out of my way to visit the location in Henderson as I would never get this lack of service there. I will refer everyone to go to Lexus of Henderson from now on.
5	I took my car in to have my wheels aligned and balanced.  Kamal Maasry was my service rep and he was great.  He showed me diagnostics that revealed all four wheels were actually pointing in four different directions.  No wonder my car didn't seem to want to stay on the road.  After the wheel alignment I noticed an immediate improvement in my gas mileage, which was an added bonus.  Mark Bevins the Service Manager explained that tire care and wheel alignment play a much  greater role in gas mileage than one might expect.  Nice work guys!
5	Brandon Mondido is the BEST! Flew out from San Diego to buy an RX350 and he had a car pick my up at the airport. The whole process took less than I expected and I was driving my new (used) RX back to SD by lunch time.Brandon followed up with me after the sale, TWICE! I would definitely recommend Lexus of Las Vegas.Thanks Brandon!
5	I recently bought my FIRST car from Lexus of Las Vegas and I must say, the customer service is awesome, such a friendly team. First and foremost, the thing I love about doing business with them is they answer any and all questions you have, anytime. Whether you're looking for a car, or already own one. I love that the associates approach and greet you, make small conversation, and are NEVER PUSHY. That's definitely a plus in my book. As far as the service crew, they are awesome as well. They go over the top to make sure your needs and expectations are met.
4	I realize that you pay alot for a Lexus, but you also get great service if you go to Lexus of Las Vegas.  Don Turner was the sales person who worked with me, and he did a great job getting me into a Pre-Owned that looks and drives great!  Mike Stevens is my Service Consultant, and in addition to being a great guy, he is very competent and goes the extra mile for his customers.  Bottom Line:  Would I buy again from Lexus of Las Vegas and/or recommend them to a friend or family member?  Yes.  Without reservation.
5	My experience with the people at Lexus of Las Vegas was wonderful.  Brandon Mondido did a excellent job of making my transaction happen quickly, efficiently and professionally.  Jason Gill was exceptional as well.  He went the extra mile to find me the right vehicle for the right price.  Thank you both for an excellent car purchase.  I just love my new car!!Eleanor B
