1	Dr. Jack Wilson is a great dentist and I had a really good experience with him.  Too bad his front office person ruined it.  I know my way around medical insurance, so I could tell that I was getting overbilled.  The office's financial statements are almost impossible to read even if you understand the numbers, which didn't help.  Stil, I would have been willing to overlook all that, if I'd been treated with concern and respect when I brought the problem up with Tracy, the desk manager.  She either wouldn't or couldn't answer my billing questions, refused to address my concerns, actually scoffed at my knowledge ("Dental billing is totally different from medical billing" - which isn't true) and basically ended the conversation with, "It's just such-and-such an amount of money - get over it."  At no point did she even try to reassure me that she'd look into it or do anything about it.Now to be fair, my situation was a bit confusing because we switched insurance companies mid-treatment, but I was still able to hammer the numbers out.  I triple-checked them with both insurance companies, and in the end all our numbers matched up, with Dr. Wilson's office owing me about $50.Even after I'd spoken with Tracy about my concerns, and sent a spreadsheet breakdown of my numbers to Dr. Wilson, my final statement from the office was just a copy of their last bill from my insurance company, with the amount that wasn't covered highlighted.  If I'd paid for that bill, I would have been out even more!When I called the office asking for my overpayment to be refunded, Tracy told me to either mail or fax my spreadsheet to her so she could "make sure my numbers matched theirs".  Honestly, I got the distinct impression that she 1) couldn't care less that they owed me half a hundred bucks, 2) wasn't doing a damn thing on their end to see whether it was true, and 3) was hoping I'd give up and drop it in the face of having to compile the numbers and prove my case.  The last straw was having to call them a couple weeks AFTER I'd faxed the spreadsheet, because nobody'd gotten back to me with an update, only to be told the "check's in the mail" without so much as an apologies-for-your-inconvenience.  And what do you know, I got that check a couple days after that last phone call.  Almost like she STILL didn't bother to send it until I asked about it AGAIN...Bottom line?  If you want to risk overpaying, subjecting yourself to long talks with your insurance company, getting treated badly for fighting to get your money back, and losing a small amount of faith in humanity just to see Dr. Wilson, well, he's a really nice guy and a really good dentist.   Ten stars for him, minus nine for his office person.  At this point, you couldn't pay me to go back there.
1	Horrible dentist! My first visit so I filled out forms , which I hate, and I put a line through all the no's on oart of the health section. Well he didn't like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if I was having a bad day... I said no why? He says I must be by the way I filled out the form so I said not at all are you? Bottom line he continued to harp on it and I said forget this... And left! Seriously? No wonder he has bad ratings! What a jerk!!!1 review that is not currently recommended
5	Is it possible to actually look forward to going to a dentist appointment? The answer is yes, if you are going Pride Dental! I have been a patient there for years and have always had great experiences with both the hygienist and the dentist.   Dr. Wilson is always friendly yet professional, knowledgeable and gentle. I love the way he uses not only the x-rays and exams to make his recommendations, but truly listens to what I have to say too. Last year I had a very tricky situation with a molar which had a slight chance of being saved. Dr. Wilson referred me to a specialist for part of the work but completed the implant himself, doing a great job.  Sherrie, the hygienist is wonderful! I have never had a better cleaning! Her friendly personality shines through her competence and I always leave there feeling like I have done myself a big favor. Anyone looking for a small, friendly, skillful dentist office needs to go to Pride Dental!
1	I came here about a month ago because I have sensitive teeth, and also to get a regular cleaning. I saw dentist Sheryl I believe is her name. So she checked me, and said I needed to use floss more often, and that I needed a regular cleaning; then another male dentist came to check me, and he said I had my gums to low, due to a bacteria I can't remember the name. So he recommended a deep cleaning, otherwise in a far future I could end up with out teeth; to make the story short. So, the female dentist started explaining the procedure, and I noticed she was nervous, as she was explaining. They wanted to get me in immediately.For the price, they wanted to charge me $400 for the entire mouth; so I look for a second opinion, and as I thought they were lying to me; I had gingivitis and just needed a regular cleaning. My gums being to low is because I brush my teeth to aggressive, which I do. So, NO! I do not recommend this place at all.
5	They have had challenges with their desk staff in the past but it is fixed now! The new receptionist Frances is top notch, friendly, efficient, knowledgeable and caring. Shari the dental hygienist is as good as it gets when it comes to getting your teeth cleaned! She is gentle yet thorough and is passionate about her craft. Dr. Wilson is extremely knowledgeable and accommodating, he has never suggested procedures that were not needed and he has a great sense of humor, which is always a good thing when you're at the dentist. Pride Dental is just old fashion good dentistry and I recommend them to all my friends and family!
1	I contacted Pride Dental Group to schedule an appointment for a cleaning and was informed that they only book appointments between the hours of 9am - 3pm, Monday through Thursday.  They do not work on Fridays and they do not open early or stay late to help serve people who work normal business hours.  I booked my appointment for a Tuesday at 9am and rearranged my work schedule to accommodate their hours of operation.  Around 11am the day before my scheduled appointment, I was contacted by the office to inform me that my appointment was cancelled because of "an emergency" with the dentist I was set to meet.  I was informed there were no other technicians that could meet me at my arranged appointment and I would have to reschedule.  The next available appointment was the following Monday at 11am.  I asked if anything could be done to help accommodate my work schedule, since it was difficult enough to rearrange it for the original appointment, but was informed that no exceptions could be made for an earlier or later appointment.  I was then informed that I would only be getting x-rays and an exam at the appointment and would have to come back for the cleaning, as is company policy.  Again, no exceptions can be made, even though I called and specifically requested a cleaning.  The x-rays and cleaning cannot be performed at the same appointment, per the scheduler.  While I still have no experience with the their ability to actually perform dental care at Pride Dental Group, I can tell you that just attempting to use them as my dentist has made me feel like I would rather take my chances with the potential cavities, so I will be shopping around for a better dentist office.
