4	Manuel's Mexican Restaurant on Southern Ave. has always offered good, quick Mexican food. I've visited here for more than 10 years, and the food is always consistently high quality. I particularly like the green corn tamale with rice and beans (AKA, "Mix and Match"). The shredded beef taco is also tasty. My husband always gets the Fiesta Platter, theoretically an appetizer, because it has a bunch of little items to sample. For the past 10 years or so, the same friendly gentleman has served us the chips and wonderful Manuel's salsa. I think it shows that Manuel's is a quality restaurant for someone to work there for so long! Manuel's isn't fancy, but their food and friendly service keeps my family coming back again and again. Try it!UPDATE: This location has the best "balloon sculpture guy" I've ever seen! If you have a kid, call ahead to see what nights the guy works. Yes, he really is that good.(Note that this review ONLY applies to the Southern Ave. location. We have been very disappointed by other locations...)
2	Manuel's is better than your Serrano's or Garcia's but that's not saying much.  The chips and salsa are good. I usually get any variation of their Chimichanga, which is good but I've had better. This place use to be way cooler when they had the green chili costume and they use to dress up and dance for you on your birthday by request. WTF happened? It was the only thing I would look forward to when my wife's family would take me here. Try Cantina Laredo or Cravings before this place.
2	I've been going to Manuel's with my family for years. They have very good chips and salsa, it's definitely their strong point. Unfortunately they no longer carry black beans and their refried beans contain lard. As a vegetarian, I cannot eat here any longer unless I want just chips and salsa or a cheese crisp.Sad, sad day :'(
2	Typical chain Mexican food, nothing great, but not a bad place to eat if 'typical' is what you are in the mood for.
3	Our family ate here a lot when we lived in AZ.  Last night I was in town and my folks wanted to go.  It has not changed a bit!  Outstanding salsa (you have to ask for the "hot" if you want it).  Great thin chips.  Prices seem to have gone up which is disappointing but you get plenty of food.Nothing great to look at, not the best Mexican food in AZ, but good solid stuff.
3	We have been here a couple of times and the food has been fairly good but not real consistent. It is obviously a "turn and burn" type restaurant and not a true and dedicated Mexican restaurant. If you want fairly consistant and ok food this place will work
4	Great Mexican Food, I had 2 tacos w rice and beans yum. My friend had a chimi. We both loved our food and it was nice that they kept the food traditional. They have have great guacamole. The service was friendly and they did a good job. You can tell they appreciate your business.
2	I went here the other day for lunch and it was very disappointing. I have been to other Manuel's locations and they have been alright, but this one was not very good. I went for lunch and got the pollo especial which is basically a chimichanga with jalapeno cream cheese sauce on it. It was pretty gross, the chicken tasted like dish water and there was barely any of the jalapeno sauce on it. Also, it was really soggy, not crispy at all. I did give an extra star because our server was really nice and attentive, however, I would not come here again when there are places like top shelf that make the same dish much better.
5	Best Mexican food i've had in the east valley!  Great service, awesome chips and salsa!  I'm sure theres better places in the valley, but this is around the corner from where I live, and we've been regular customers since 2007.  Highly recommend.
5	That's one good things about being a restaurant critic or a fact checker! My wife and I believed that mexican food is great in this restaurant . I don't usually don't order other food than Green Corn Tamale. Although, my last try of  Carne Asada was not that good and our recent visit we found out that  both our forks was cleaned well. Still, I will give this restaurant a five star review because of your unsurpassed green corn tamale.  We will be back next time and check those corrections  and will be firm in making the next review. So, always on the look out, Keeps those utensils clean and maintain a standard in your food preparation. We promise we will come and visit again.
3	wow. i REALLY like average mexican food.  i grew up with manuel's, the original one in phoenix.  and i'm happy to say, this food is familiar and comforting to me.  it may not be the best, i can see how some may think it's just the worst. not me. me likey.
1	Manuels was very disappointing.  I ordered taquitos, and it tasted like they were the frozen and just warmed in the oven.  I could bought the same ones at the local grocery store.  Same can be said with the salsa.  It tasted like jar salsa.  It should have been obvious from the lack of cars in the parking lot, on a Friday evening.  The 80's music also did not  fit the atmosphere of a Mexican restaurant.
3	Not as good as the original in Glendale, but still good.  I had the machaca and it almost tasted a little too sweet, or more like Fajitas do... not my favorite taste for machaca anyway, but great chips and salsa and the kids seem to love their food (lots of options for kids)  Everyone else in the group said the place was a solid 3 stars and that they would come back.  Next time I go to this location I think I will just stick with tacos and see how that goes ...
4	Very very good salsa - almost as good as my favorite, Los Gringos Locos in Apache Junction.I enjoyed my dinner here. I was in a very large group and our server was helpful and kept everyone's orders organized. Super yummy mango margaritas, too!
4	Had lunch here the other day with a Groupon.  The staff as well as the chips and salsa were great.  The food was super.  The lunch deal included the entree as well as beans and rice and the portion was more than substantial.  The server (Carlos, I think) was super polite, very efficient and explained  what was contained in each item we ordered. A great Mexican place in this part of town.
5	It's great to have that favorite place very close to home, the best pizza, best subs, best bar, or your favorite Mexican food. Manuel's on Southern is our favorite Mexican restaurant close to home. We dine here regularly and I've never had a bad meal at this location. I cannot say that for other nearby places we frequent.The staff is prompt, friendly and competent. We've never waited long for a table, food, drink or a check. And we have a favorite waiter, Ian the wannabe Mexican.My go-to dish is the Three Amigo enchiladas but there are many good dishes I go back to when dining here. When I need a Sonoran food fix, this is my place. There's only one other cantina in the east valley I put at the same level as Manuel's. My fondness has reach the point where I assume any negative review comes from a person who does'nt know what they're talking about.My only slightly negative comment will be their discontinuation of Bohemia Beer, and they could have a better tap and tequila selection.
1	Nothing special. Nothing good. Salsa was meh, chips were stale. Spinach enchilada was just a bunch of spinach stuffed in a tortilla with white sauce on it. Chicken enchiladas had no flavor. This was our first time here because it's close, we'll make the drive next time to someplace better.
3	Was I impressed with this place? No. Not at all.Why?First off, it was extremely hot sitting in this place like they had it set at a solid 78-80 degrees. Awesome :|Second...A burrito that only comes with pico de gallo and guacamole on the inside with your choice of meat is weird to me. Where you have to pay extra for other ingredients? Stupid! I could understand switching out ingredients. The carne itself was good enough but not good enough for the burrito to be spectacular.IDK if ill go back some day maybe if someone takes me ill give it a shot again.
4	Nice, cozy place.  Come around lunch, the service is more memorable.  Avoid the magician if he's there without shoes.  Try the tampiquena plate.
3	I hadn't been to Manuel's in probably 5 years. Afterwards, I remembered why. While the food is good, it isn't great. There is better at several other local places. I probably would have given the food a 4 star but the restaurant was so hot that I just wanted out. I am actually someone that likes being warm but when it is over 100 degrees outside, I want to walk into a place and actually notice a difference in temperature. It was to warm to be comfortable. The service was quick and friendly. They still have the best fried ice cream around. The chimis are good but not great. The refried beans were a little runny. Salsa is excellent. I would go back for another $15 for $30 deal like we got online but probably not without it. There are just to many choices in the area for a comfortable environment and excellent food.
4	The food is standard Americanized Mexican but it is still very tasty. The chips were fresh and the salsa was flavorful but not hot. I had the enchiladas and my gf had the fish tacos, both of which were good.All of the staff was very nice and helpful.  However the food took a long time to come out.
1	We really enjoyed the food.  I had the fish tacos and they were really good.  Chips and Salsa were pretty good.  When it came time for the bill we though we were all square.  The server came back and told us the Deal Chicken Coupon had already been used.  We have never been to this restaurant, so we had never used the coupon.  The manager said it was used the day before in a Phoenix location.  We had to pay the entire bill, even though we had invested in 4 coupons for this restaurant.  The restaurant told us to contact the other restaurant to do some leg work.  They told us to contact Deal Chicken.  Deal Chicken told us to contact the restaurant.  Then Deal Chicken called the restaurant when we demanded our money back from Deal Chicken.  Within 5 minutes our Deal Chicken Coupon was good again.  Why they could not figure out that they had made a mistake when we were there waiting for about 30 minutes listening to them tell us we had already used the coupon.  We got our money back from Deal Chicken.  We will never go back.  They never even attempted to contact us to at least apologize.  Treating us like scam artist's instead of new customers!  Too bad we were looking forward to going back after finishing our meal.  Service was not the best.  For anyone who does not know Deal Chicken is a place where you can buy coupons for extra value at the business.
1	I was disappointed with my experience here.  I made an order for carry-out early in the evening last week (8/21/2012).I ordered two ground beef tacos with just meat and cheese.  I could have made way better tacos at home.  The cheese looked it was shredded and tasted like it was from a package at a grocery store.  The beef was bland and had didn't have much flavor.The chips for the salsa were stale.  I also ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla with cheese and it was almost $12...way overpriced for the amount and the taste.I would not recommend this place based on my personal experience here.
1	1 star from someone from Massachusetts should say enough.  It was unimaginative, unflavorful, uninteresting, I could probably go on with the "un" words for quite some time, but I think you get the idea.  I had the Chile Relleno and it felt like I was eating an omelette with some bland chile in it.This is Phoenix for crying out loud, there are much better options for Mexican food.  I found one the day after I ate here, it's a bit of a hike, but well worth it.  Check out my review for Los Taquitos in Phoenix for a much better option.
2	This place has tasteless food that is over priced. It is not very far from my house and would be easy to stop at but I choose to go to Suzie's, or Poncho's in Phoenix. If you want good Mexican food do your self a favor and go somewhere else.
3	Que Onda Guero? By The RueChimichanga wasn't from the gutter,But I should have eaten peanut butter,The food didn't make me bust a nutter,I'll bet you like to drink Coors Cutter.I will say though the service was great,I'm pretty sure my waiter's name wasn't Kate,Why is everyone so full of hate?I think this weekend I'll go skate.The chips and salsa were unimpressive,The lunch prices were a bit excessive,When making out I'm not real aggressive,And I don't get jealous or possessive.This place is popular with the older crowd,Lots of senior citizens speaking loud,Come in at happy hour and get yourself plowed,Go home with someone well endowed.Another thing I liked was their ice tea,I'm a fan of taking road trips to sightsee,Years ago I sported a goatee, Boost your immune system with vitamin C. TOSTADA!!!
4	The food was tasty and fresh.  Chips were wam and crispy and salsa was good.  While it was not the greatest Mexican north of the border, it was way above average.  What knocked it out of the park was the service.  Explained to the waiter we were in a hurry for a family reason and we got food right away with check right after it.  Assured us we did not have to rush but had everything ready so we could.  We will bring the kids and return  Good food and great staff.
4	Good food for the price with excellent atmosphere and staff
2	So happy they got their liquor license back but wish the bartender/ server knew what a Cadillac or perfect margarita was. Had to order from the margarita menu & buy an extra shot of tequila to offset the strong sweet  sour mix. They have the best smooth/ taco sauce but not provided. Chips were cold like out of a bag. I requested extra garnish with my red chili burro, barely got normal amount but didn't get a chance to ask for more, she dropped food and left quickly and did not see her again until we were done. There were 2 occupied tables, maybe she was busy doing side work. I have been to the other Manuel's locations and the service and food is always great.
5	I have been eating at Manuel's for, well let's just say a LONG time! I used to go to the one on Broadway until it closed. When I lived out of state I ALWAYS stopped at Manuel's on visits! As the New Times has announced, they have the best salsa! I know there are various tastes out there and everyone is entitled to their opinion, but mine is that I like their salsa best, the margaritas, the cheese crisp, the fajitas, wait- it gets better... in N CAL, MI and IL I couldn't find a green corn tamale to save my life, so I learned how to make them and I will say I make them well! But, they are a lot of work and so I am happy to be back in the Valley of the Sun to get them at Manuel's! I prefer their chicken chimis to any place I have been because they actually season it nicely, not just chicken in a deep fried tortilla! The guac is great! Not made with a ton of jalapenos or strange ingredients! The flan is the best I have had! The sopapillas are little now, I kind of like the bigger squares, but they still taste good!Now, let me tell you about the service! They have some of the greatest staff- Luis, Marcos, Jerry, Carlos, these guys are the BEST!!!!Well, I will say that the Indian School location has some problems, the flan is curdly and there were a couple other differences, including service. I don't know why this is, but I just go to the one on Southern that I know will be great!All in all this is the only place I like to go for Mexican food. I have tried a great many here and in other states and I always go back to my favorite, Manuel's! Maybe I'll see you there sometime!
4	Oh man! The shredded beef tacos are really tastey. Ask for the hot sauce. Service is usually quick and efficient. Food is always great!
4	Great food...great drinks...everything was perfect, our server and buser were the best we have had in a long time. Food was cooked perfect and everyone was friendly.
4	Hadn't been here in a long time, so tried it again last night.  We were pleasantly surprised that the food was still as good as we had remembered.  While there was a short wait for a table and the hostess was somewhat unaccommodating, the service was otherwise fine.  We like their salsa and chips, and everything we ordered was well prepared and appetizing.  Will definitely return now that we have tried it again.
4	This place is always good.  They never disappoint.  Even my picky husband enjoyed his dinner.
5	Manuel's is so good. It's one of our favorite restaurants and I have withdrawal if I don't eat there often enough.  My favorites are their chips and salsa and the chicken fajitas. The best part about this place though is Luis. We now request him every time we go in. Even if it's been quite a while, he remembers us and our order (call me predictable)... Besides, the fajitas are so good, I can't bring myself to get anything else.
2	over priced for just okay mexican food. I would compare my 9$ bean and cheese burrito to one at filliberto's... I was also VERY upset that I paid 2.50 for a side of guacamole. ( IT WAS ONLY 2 ONCES) Not worth the visit.
5	Great service! Great food!! Chips and salsa always fresh. I get the chicken enchilada, so gooood!!
4	Although there are many other more visually appealing restaurants, the food is what makes the difference. It was great, the carnitas were fantastic and the enchiladas were outstanding! One final note, the flan was clearly made fresh and on-sight. I would defiantly eat there again.
5	Been coming here for YEARS! This family owned local Az style mexican food place is my fave. Everything is always fresh and tasty. Service is always great.
5	Manuel's catered the food for my wedding this past weekend in Scottsdale.  All guests said the food was delicious!  The menu consisted of carne asada tacos, spinach enchiladas, rice, beans and calabasitas.  We also had chips, salsa and a fruit tray during the cocktail hour.  The service staff was very kind and helpful.  Additionally, Linda worked patiently with us to include vegetarian and vegan options on the menu.  The vegetarians and vegans loved the food.
4	Just moved into my new house in Tempe and am lucky that this little gem is in my backyard. I've been here twice now and so far I've really enjoyed everything I've had. My favorite so far? The spinach enchiladas are YUM YUM YUMMY!!! I ordered the 3 Amigos Sampler feeling least excited about the spinach enchiladas but they were by far my favorite. Next time I might just order those. Also, they have a skinny margarita! Yay for that!
5	I'he eaten here twice during the last 45 days - both Sunday nights. The food ROCKS!!! The ambiance is "feels good" and the service given by the waiter known as, "Luis" was complete. From recommending popular dishes to checking in to ensure satisfaction - Luis is the man! I had "Pollo Especial" which was outta sight! My date had vegetarian fajitas and she was pleased with the vegetable selection; noting they were different than other vegetarian fajitas she's had in the area.Each entree was flavorful, filing and fun. 5 stars - Solid!!!
3	Been coming here since I was very little.  It's nothing to knock your socks off, but not bad. I really like the cream cheese style chimis and chicken especial.
5	Bottom Line: Manuel's has the best chips and salsa.  Compare to any Mexican food in the Phoenix area and you will find a unique slightly sweet, yet spicy and perfectly textured salsa.  They have been making it for years and never faltered.Beyond the salsa, the fejitas ("for one" is enough to split, at least for us), the green corn tamale and the chimis are all top notch.  I would recommend any of these without hesitation.  Also, try the spinach queso and ask for the flour chips (instead of standard corn), they add a special element to the dish that I've never found anywhere else.Recommendation: Ask for Luis, he's usually serving in the bar and will add a personal touch to the service.  We always feel welcome when we find him there and even plan to go when we figure he's working!
4	We had happy hour in the bar, We started with chips and salsa they are the best in town next we had steak street tacos and beef taquitos  also very good. The reason I am not giving them 5 star rating is the beer could have been colder.
5	Finally, a Mexican joint in Tempe I can rank with some of the best places in Phoenix.  We've been looking around for a while now to find a spot that is on the same level as Mi Patio or La Santisima.  This is it.  There have been a lot of disappointments and "pretty good" places, but the prize for best Mexifood in Tempe goes to Manuel's.For between $10 and $15, you get a big, hot plate of food with a smile from your server.  Every bite of my enchilada was loaded with cheese and meat, with a taste far more complex than that of most of the Mexican places in town.Manuel's has been around for a while, so they know how to serve you right.  Apart from the good taste of the food, our server and even the manager came around frequently to check in on taste, drink refills, or just to see if we wanted something.  Because of this, Manuel's is now our go-to place for a sit down Mexican meal in town.
1	I just ordered this take out tonite and thinking it was going to be amazing i was highly disappointed. The only reason i am giving one star is because the mini chimis were pretty good everything else tasted horrible. The beans tasted like they were from a can and not fresh. The guacamole was bland and also tasted like the chili in it was from a can. I would think it is suppose to be fresh veggies not instant garbage. Wasnt worth the money i spent. I will not be going back anytime soon.
5	We went at 5:00 with 12 people to beat the crowd----the parking lot was empty-the manager greeted us and sat 12 places at a nice table really fast -made us feel very welcome-Jimmy our server was very nice and got every single order correct,,was attentive and real nice....We enjoyed it ,,,
2	The building, and it's a nice building, does not make you think anything approaching "authentic" (whatever that means) "Mexican Restaurant".  Skipping to the chase, service was slow, Margarita's were "ok" ($3.95 at happy hour), chips were "ok", salsa nothing special.  I had the Albondigas Soup and it was better than average.Can't really think why I'd return, the experience was underwhelming.  Am posting a pik of the soup.
