5	Excellent breakfast place. Probably my favorite. I know l'avenur and others in the plateau district get all the attention but this place is really a notch above. Favoritve breakfast potatoes ever! And their serive is top notch.
5	iHop, waffle house? Are you paying attention. Montreal peeps make fantastic breakfast (and brunch)  While I was on vacation in Montreal some friends brought me here for a nice early breakfast. Loved the decor of the place. Its bright, its cheery. I'm not a morning person so walking into a stylish bright ass restaurant woke me right up. We got there right before the line started forming out the door so get there early. They have a fantastic menu with pretty much any breakfast item you ever wanted. It is a bit pricier then the 2 places I mentioned above. For $11.95 I got a platter which consisted of waffles, eggs, sausage, bacon,ham, toast, creton, baked beans and fresh fruit. Breakfast of champions?.... more like breakfast of fall the hell back asleep. Of course the food was excellent. The maple syrup in canada is great and I brought a can or two back with me. So if your in the Laval, QC area and you want great breakfast this is where you need to be.
5	I visited Coco Loco while visiting family.  I have nothing but positive remarks for this restaurant.  We were a large group and surprisingly, the service time was quick.  I ordered waffles with egg whites on the side.  This by far has been the best waffles I've had any where else, Fluffy and tasty.  I was able to taste my cousins dishes and everything was delicious.   I also enjoyed the decor of the place.  It's a shame I live so far away far, this has the potential to be one of my regularly breakfast places.
4	Great Breakfast
4	This was my first visit to this increasingly popular joint while I was visiting St-Rose.There were line-ups, which is ALWAYS a thing for a breakfast place in Laval during the weekend at 12 PM. This was a welcomed change from my favorite resto place such as Allo Mon Coco. Its greatest failings were always the wait to get in and terrible seating arrangements (using a 4 bunker to sit 2 guests while 20 guests are waiting).But how did Coco Loco stand to its competition?Surprising well!Service was relatively quick, our waitress was very friendly and efficient. Coffee and water  was topped off twice without request and our meals were provided in a timely fashion.Thus... I'm a fan!The decor is modern and there's plenty of space between you and other guests. Sadly, we were placed near the side door that the staff kept using for their guests on the exterior patio. Needless to state their repeated in and outs bothered us with sudden gusts of humidity and warmth while we were sitting comfortably in a well conditioned restoraunt.I ordered the Dulcura, crepes filled with dulce de leche and served with strawberries and bananas. They were very tasty, albeit quite sweet. The portion was very big and I left satisfied with my choice.The price tag was reasonable.The menu is huge and lots of choices can be had to have an awesome breakfast. I recommend visiting this place at least once, its well worth it.
4	This is delicious non-chain (but chain-like) breakfast in the burbs.  Coco Loco has all the standards: pancakes, bacon and eggs, omelettes, eggs benedict and on and on.  And then they have some pretty interesting combos you may not see elsewhere, like crepe-omelettes (a thin omelette served between two crepes).  The food is fresh.  The service is fast and pleasant.  Get there early (or wait until later) or else you risk waiting in the vestibule and entryway with lots of other people.  But once you're seated, you'll want to stay all day in the bright and more or less wall to wall windowed space, as the coffee refills just keep on coming.
4	I had a great time at Coco Loco.  Went on a weekend morning when it was still a little too chilly for the patio and the line was out the door.  Wasn't sure if I had to go in to give them my name but we did as others did and waited in line.  As a gentleman came by to take names I realized all the other customers were French speaking, no problem at all however as when it was our turn to be seated they remembered to speak English to us.  A small detail, but with how busy they were the service was impressive.  They even offered us a free sample of one of their smoothies while we wait.Their menu is extensive and their food is delicious.  Since I wanted to try it all I chose a combo with French toast, a pancake, and half waffle.  I liked the French toast the best but they were all yummy.  I also tried some of the eggs benedict and I must say their hollandaise is made well, not too buttery.Overall a great choice for breakfast or brunch.  Don't be put off by the line, people are lined up for a reason.
1	So disappointed! Actually, i should mention that they serve really good food and offer many breakfast options. However there's a huge lack of professionalism from the managing staff. I ordered an European omelet. When the omelet arrived i noticed that the feta cheese was goat cheese, which wasn't specified on the menu. I kindly told the waitress that i was intolerant and she told me she would change it right away for cheddar cheese. Grateful, i thanked her. Than... The manager comes to our table and argues, in a pretty aggressive manner, that all feta cheese is goat cheese (uh..not!) and tells me that i'm wasting food and he'll have to charge me for it! (What!? Certainly not!). Must i remind you.. It wasn't specified on the menu!! Oddly enough, I had to argue my case in order to avoid paying for the plate I had not eaten. Anyways .. This guy totally ruined my experience over there as well as my appetite. Will not go back.
2	Saw the manager argue for 15 minutes with a client this morning, trying to charge her for a plate she couldn't eat because of alegries... created a big commotion and ruined the experience for the whole restaurant.The food is OK but if anything goes wrong, except the boss to act like a total retard.The management should take marketing 101.
4	Enjoyed breakfast at this fine diner while visiting in Laval. The blueberry pancakes were very good and the portions are big.Definitely the place to go for a hearty breakfast. Our waitress was friendly and spoke both English and French. Overall, my experience was delightful and plan to go again when I leave town.
