5	Those that crossfit would tell you the best part of a box is building friendships with your fellow athletes and coaches. There came a point at my previous box where it just got too big. I knew very few athletes and the coaching personnel had changed. It seemed the style was geared toward pushing volume/numbers of athletes rather than focusing on athletic development. I needed a change. I was looking for a box where coaches went out of their way to recognize and acknowledge each individual athlete. I wanted to be at a box where the coach to athlete ratio was reasonable and there wasn't mass chaos by having 3 or 4 classes going on at the same time. I decided to leave the box that I was at and join Crossfit DTP. I had previously worked with the owner (Tom) in my first 2 years of being a crossfit athlete. His coaching is what really attracted me to his gym and the first day I was there, the place felt like home. He remembered things about me from many years ago. He remembered when I was hurt, what types of workouts I preferred, and most importantly where my weakness/areas of improvement are.   The workouts at DTP have a purpose. They are not all beat down workouts that do nothing for you. Here they emphasize understanding your body's work load and knowing how to operate at certain levels while creating torque in your movements. DTP also added Coach Santana who not only is constantly learning about the body's physiology and teaching us why proper muscle engagement is necessary, but is always looking for ways to enhance the crossfit experience. The last 15 min of the workouts are focused on stretching and is led by the director, Ali. By stretching after every workout, my range of motion has improved and resulted in better performance. Crossfit DTP has an app that allows you to check into a class which will prevent classes from getting too big. The gym has the coolest t-shirts and the best team builders. Each month we do a Carolina's Mexican food run where we take a break from working out and bond as a gym. Soon we will start a movie night and be able to utilize the enormous gym space. The location is great because it's right next to a public park. Some of the most memorable WODs have been done here and doing WODs at the park is a great change up from your typical workout. I highly recommend this gym to anyone who is new to crossfit and those who have been around a box for quite some time.
5	Whenever I am in Phoenix I join my brother who is an avid crossfitter HERE. Not intimidating- even for someone new to this, like me! Trainers Tom and Santana make sure you are VERY safe- important with these workouts- and I always leave excited to come back again. Also feeling like I got an amazing workout!!!
5	I purchased a Groupon for CrossFit DTP, and I'm glad I did!!!  I've been in and out of the CrossFit community for a few years now, and I have to say that CrossFit is a way-of-exercise for me.  What I really like about CrossFit DTP is how friendly all the other people in class are.  It's a competitive environment but in a very supportive and encouraging way.  I've finished my 3rd group class at CrossFit DTP, and I feel I've already made some new friends.The exercises are challenging but they won't kill you!  The coaching is great as I feel the emphasis is focused mostly on form and technique.  What I like about this particular CrossFit IS the attention to detail the coaching pays to every student in class.  CrossFit as we know has received a lot of negative attention in the press due to injury; however, I feel DTP's programming is structured to negate injury prone exercises.I would highly recommend this box to the new student looking to try CrossFit or to a seasoned CrossFitter who just wants a great place to call home.-Lindsey
5	I come from a fitness background and spent the year before joining Crossfit DTP with a personal trainer 4 days a week. After just one open workwork with Crossfit DTP on a Saturday morning, I was completely hooked. Not just on Crossfit, but on this particular gym. The Coaches, Tom and Aly, are some of the most supportive I've met in the industry and come with a wealth of knowledge and infinite patience in training everyone from beginners to advanced atheletes.They make you feel welcomed and comfortable, even if crossfit is way out of your comfort zone.This is not your average crossfit gym. This is a place you can come every single day and work on your fitness goals, whatever they may be. DTP offers crossfit workouts as well as customized work out options and nutritional counseling. I think that the monthly membership price is very fair and certainly comparable to most other boxes in the area. You get so so much more for your money though.If the price and the expert coaching isn't good enough reason to give DTP a try, the community within the box certainly is. While the skill level varies greatly, everyone is super down to earth and friendly. Everyone offers encouraging words and high fives, everyone is there through your best workouts and the ones you struggle though. Whatever your skill level is, you can come to DTP and get an awesome work out. I love that I feel safe enough to push myself to do things I didn't think I could do athletically ever before.Crossfit DTP offers an environment for anyone looking to better themselves. Tom and Aly are excellent coaches who focus on doing things the RIGHT way, instead of just doing them any old way. This prevents many of the typical crossfit injuries you hear so much about. I trust these coaches to guide me and push me. I couldn't ask for a better staff. If you're looking for a challenge in a supportive arena, come play with us on a Saturday morning at 9am. I promise it won't take long to get hooked. :)
5	DTP is the place to be.I've been doing crossfit for two years and had to stop for a few months because I injured myself (NOT crossfit related btw). I moved back from California to Arizona and was bored with the going to the regular gym and after I felt like my shoulder was semi-ready, I needed to find a CrossFit gym that would be willing to help me into transitioning back.  I hit up DTP on Facebook and they invited me in for a workout.  I couldn't believe how sweet and encouraging everyone was to me--both the coaches and it's members.  One thing I've learned about doing CrossFit is that you don't compete against others, you compete with yourself and the others are there to cheer you on to finish no matter how crucial the workout. After my first workout, I knew I was in, just had to think about it. The homie Tom (one of the coaches) reached out after about a month and asked if I was ready.  The fact that he was nice enough to reach back out and not forget about me showed that this was the place for me.  I've been at it for almost two months and I'm getting stronger than ever.  Ali is the bomb dot com, she'll get you in line which I definitely like, I don't want someone to just tell me what I wanna hear.  All in all even if your new to crossfit, DTP is THE place to start your journey!!!  You definitely will feel like you have another family when you come here!
5	I'm brand new to crossfit and have not worked out at a gym in almost 15years. To say I was out of shape is an understatement. I came into DTP with a lot of questions, confusion and self doubt on if I could even do this type of exercise.. I started out with coming to an open gym Saturday workout, which I loved. I spoke to Tom (one of the coaches) about what I was hoping to accomplish with working out and we set up an assessment. Ali (another coach) went through the assessment with me, talked about my goals and helped me figure out how best to reach them.^ this was all 3 months ago..Fast forward to today, and I couldn't be happier with my growth.  I've come a long way in a short amount of time with reaching my goals.. and setting new ones. Ali, Tom and everyone else here are supportive, beginners and expert crossfiters alike. The coaches really seem to care about everyone here and it shows through the work programs and the bonding relationships we have at the gym. The culture here is such a huge part of why I love DTP and wouldn't work out anywhere else!
5	Growing up in a family of non-athletes, I was not pushed as a child to stick with sports or exercise. I always was interested in fitness, however, and joined the crew team in high school for the competition and camaraderie.  I loved the experience, but had trouble in the years after high school finding a similar outlet for fitness, competition, and camaraderie.   After trying some resistance training on my own in the years following college, I heard about Crossfit through a good friend. We are both teachers, and the sticker shock kept me away for a while.  I could see, however, how involved, by choice, my friend became, and noticed that her community in Phoenix quickly grew to include many Crossfit friends.  This past spring, I finally decided to give Crossfit a try. From the first day I came to DTP, the coaches, Ali and Tom, and the other members I met instantly welcomed me. For the first time since high school, I felt a sense of camaraderie through fitness.  I actually wanted and was motivated to come to the gym every day. In spite of my inexperience, I was able to participate and excel in every WOD using scaled movements or lighter weights. I was impressed by Tom and Ali's dedication to creating a program that was responsive to their athlete's specific strengths and weaknesses. I felt myself getting stronger, faster than I had ever experienced before. Crossfit and DTP allow athletes to continually work toward goals in a supportive environment.  Working out at DTP allowed me to follow a rigorous training program, while being guided by the expertise of its coaching staff.  I have found no other outlet that combines coaching and camaraderie the way Crossfit does. Thank you, Tom and Ali!
5	DTP is an excellent Crossfit gym for people of all fitness levels. I have been a member of multiple Crossfit gyms in the valley. While there are many good facilities, DTP is by far the best I have been a part of. I drive past many other Crossfit gyms every day to go to DTP, because it is worth it.The things that set DTP apart from the rest of the Crossfit gyms: Coaching: I followed head trainer Tom to DTP because in the many years I've done Crossfit, he is the most knowledgeable coach I have ever had. He has more experience than almost any coach in the valley, but is always trying to get better. Everyday he is talking about either a fitness seminar he went to over the weekend, a book he is reading, or telling me to read an article he found about training. He is a true expert, and I feel lucky to have him as a coach.Programming: The workouts at DTP are not just random exercises thrown together to see how much pain they can cause. There is a purpose in everything we do, and if you don't know what that purpose is ask a coach and they always have a meaningful answer. People: The people at DTP are friendly, encouraging, and motivating. I am friends with every person you see who has written a yelp review, and the reason we are writing these reviews is because DTP is something we believe in. These are some of the best people I have met in my life, and we are welcoming to anyone who decides to sweat with us - no matter what your level of fitness.Remote Coaching: For the last few months I have been doing remote coaching program at DTP, which is a personal training plan designed around reaching my goals. After years of working out, I decided this was the perfect program for me to focus on my specific goals. I have battled a shoulder injury for almost 20 years, and since working directly with Tom to address the issue, I feel better than I have in decades and am breaking through plateaus that I didn't think possible. I highly recommend anyone who is considering it to stop in and see what DTP is all about.
5	It really is inaccurate that CrossFit gyms are referred to as "boxes". A box implies containment and uniformity. And let me assure you, not all CrossFit affiliates are created equally. The top-notch coaches, intelligent programming and awesome crew of members differentiate CrossFit DTP from the rest of the gyms in the valley. The facility itself is huge with plenty of space and equipment; no chance you'll have to roshambo anybody for a barbell or some floor space. Ali, Rich and Tom run the show at DTP. They are a knowledgeable, diverse and dynamic team, each bringing with them a unique background, skill set and perspective. They'll get you and keep you moving well and safely. You don't need headphones or make-up at DTP, just a positive attitude (and maybe some knee socks. Who doesn't love knee socks?!?). There's no plugging into your smart phone or mentally checking out at DTP; you're engaged from the moment you walk in the door. The community of members is small, supportive, competitive, and awesome. We keep one another accountable and motivated during the most challenging workouts.About the workouts... The programming at DTP is smart. People often confuse getting sweaty with making progress (been there!) and at DTP the coaches clearly know the difference. The workouts are designed to build you up rather than beat you down. But, if you wanna come in and work 'til you vomit, you can do that, too! Just make sure to clean up after yourself. And know that Tom will be there afterwards to ask if losing your lunch got you any closer to your goals... (Spoiler alert: It didn't.)No matter where you're at on your timeline - as a CrossFitter, an athlete, or a human being - CrossFit DTP can make you better. I suggest you stop by and check it out!
