4	The pick-a-pancake combo is a full breakfast for under $10. I ordered the cheesecake pancakes with scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage, and crispy hashbrowns.  While the eggs and hashbrowns were adequate, my pancakes were delicious. These pancakes are the reason I drag my husband to IHOP. Our server was Claudia, and she was amazing. Fantastic service!
3	Overall not bad, just a bit "institutional".Parking - 5 star, plenty of parking in their area.Ambiance - 5 Star, plenty of tables, and areas to sit from large groups to one or two people.  Also, very clean, well lit and spacious.Reception/ Reservations - 3 star - You have to usually put your name down on a weekend or holiday. This painful.  I have tried to make reservations and it is not possible.  I think it is hard for them to manage lists and if they did it well, then they should be able to manage reservations also!Food - 4 star - Very nice choices!  The fattening stuff, the lunch stuff, the dinner stuff, the dessert stuff and all the breakfast stuff seem to always be available.  I also think they do a great job for calorie and weight watching people.  Low salt, low calorie, low everything.  Very nice overall.  However, the taste of everything is okay, just not very discriminating.Price - 4 star - Very good pricing.GK says, check it out for sure.
3	Wow! Crowded, but got seated right away!  Waitress was very attentive.  I didn't have to even get her attention for a refill on my drink.  The food was ok, I just got pancakes, eggs and bacon.  My husband  got French toast eggs and bacon, I must say, I think it was worth $28.00  I think I will think twice about going here again for that price!
3	Food was ok server was very polite
3	We tried to go to another spot but it was close so this was right around the corner. Open 24/7. Not very busy and we were there at 7am. The service was good.   I ordered the Pumpkin spice pancakes with hashbrowns and scrambled eggs and my husband got a vegie omelet with pancakes. The Pancakes were delicious. They better be since this is a house of pancakes :) but, the hash browns had no flavor and were not completely done. My husbands omelet they used processed cheese in it and it congiled  and was nasty. He tried my scrambled eggs and said they had no taste to them.   I just suggest when you go to a place stick to what they are known for nothing else. Pancakes for this place stay away from the other stuff :)
4	My fav late night breakfast spot. Not busy & waitress is alone but on point. Always remembers what I had. Very relaxing & food comes out good.
4	We went to ihop for a quick light lunch. We decided to share the chicken quesedia. We had a very sweet young  woman as our server. The restaurant was not busy when we were seated. She brought our beverages in a timely fashion. However, it took forever to get  our quesedia. the portion size was ample, more than enough to share for a light lunch for two people. and it was quite tasty. and the price was right by for lunch for two for under $10 before the tip. if we could have been served in a more prompt fashion this would have been a 5-star review.
3	"It was IHOP on a Sunday, what do you expect?" will be your first reaction to my review.   I've done take out a couple times over the last two months, and both times the experience wasn't exactly my idea of a good time.   Yes, both take-out calls were on a Sunday morning, and I'm well aware that IHOP on a weekend morning is going to be a madhouse.   And a madhouse it was!   The girls who work the front/cashier spot and also take the take out orders definitely had their hands full.  The 1st time half of my order had never even been put into the system so I had to wait an extra 20 minutes for it to be prepared.   The 2nd time my omelet came out as a regular one and not the egg-white version I'd asked for, so yes, another wait.   It would have been much more discouraging to enter the establishment, find these mistakes and see the cashiers just swiping their Tinder apps on their phone.    But instead they were faced with constant traffic of customers wanting to be seated, customers wanting to pay, people foolishly calling in take-out orders on a Sunday morning (what morons!), and customers like myself waiting for their revised orders and also inquiring if they had any sort of blackberry or boysenberry jam (they dont, only Strawberry and Grape?!)    So I forgive them for the mistakes, as they were very apologetic each time and kept a pleasant attitude through the maelstrom that is IHOP on weekend mornings.    I was a little disappointed in the lack of care management seemed to have about the situations (and yes, I did see a manager informed of the first issue).   No kind of offer of discounted or gratis items for the honest mistake, and not even an apology for the wait.  Onto the food.   Both times I ordered an omelet for myself, and outside of the long wait, I was pretty pleased with them.   I'm weird when it comes to the amount of mushrooms I like on pretty much anything, so when my custom ordered omelet with swiss, bacon, mushrooms and spinach came out absolutely loaded with them, I spent a bit of time removing 3 lbs of them before consuming.   But I didn't preface my order with the fact I 'd only need a handful, so maybe they thought they were being generous.   NOTE TO IHOP:  feel free to substitute 4lbs of bacon instead of mushrooms next time.    Outside of mushroom-mania, everything else was to my liking and I would recommend the food here.    Just don't call it in on a Sunday.  duh.
5	Great prompt & friendly service for my To Go order. They weren't busy but I have no doubt that the staff would have performed any other way. Best location.
4	Our service Austin was amazing!! Never would I imagine having such great service at an IHOP. He was super friendly, extremely polite, overall AMAZING! They need more of this type of service on the strip. IHOP is IHOP at the end of the day. I usually order the same thing. For some reason I wanted to try something different well I should have stuck to my regular breakfast order cause the Chicken Parmesan was not good. Honestly that's my fault it's IHOP I shouldn't be expecting the best pasta meal but it really was made with no care. For about $13 I wasn't impressed with the quality. Blueberry Hills is a breakfast joint but they still have decent meals. This is our usual go to IHOP and we tend to leave very pleased for the most part. Their service is great! The food is what you expect from any IHOP. Oh for some reason is very cold at this location.
2	Well, it's IHOP.  If you've never been to an IHOP before, this one seems to be a bit busier than the others but the overall feel is the same:- Fast food quality for restaurant prices- Unlimited mediocre quality- Lots and lots and lots of screaming/yelling childrenI don't know if the ratio of families with children versus everyone else is simply high or I am just unlucky, but almost always I find myself seated next to the large table of a family who thinks it's cute / appropriate / whatever to let their children scream and run around the table / restaurant.This isn't IHOP's fault, but they could at least politely ask them to have their children seated while in the restaurant so as not to disturb other patrons.  Or is that just forbidden now?  I don't know.I used to get the Harvest Grain 'N Nut Pancakes here a lot (delicious), but changed it up.  Their Simple & Fit vegetable omelette is pretty good, but a little salty.There's coupons that show up in the mail every now and again that entice us to come back.  Then we go and realize why we don't go without them.
1	Horrible!! They were terribly under staffed so the poor waitress was running around like crazy. I ordered a chicken fried steak with hash browns and it came with a side of pancakes. My husband ordered the split decision which is bacon sausage eggs toast and a side of pancakes. My chicken fried steak was burnt. The gravy on top had been sitting on top of it for so long I could turn it upside down and it stuck on the steak. The hash-browns were hard underneath where they are supposed to be soft. I wanted to share them with my 9 month old but couldn't because they were so hard. So I sent my meal back, didn't ask for it redone and just ate the pancakes. My husbands meal was TINY. The bacon was under cooked and floppy, the hash browns were hard like mine, the eggs (which were scrambled) were watery and instead of toast they gave him French toast. Who wants French toast when they are already getting pancakes?? That made no sense at all. We asked if that's how it's supposed to be and the waitress said it is, but that just didn't seem right and they weren't cooked thoroughly so he didn't eat them. Horrible horrible place. I thought Denny's was bad but I will pick a Denny's over this IHOP anytime!!
1	Just walked out!  My son and I sat on the patio for over 10 minutes with NO service. I had to walk back into the building to get someone's attention. I have never had a good experience with Ihop and now I will never go back. I am forever boycotting Ihop!
4	Best fresh brewed coffee....  Traditional and always consistent. Simple order, e of everything!  Can't beat their infamous buttermilk pancakes. AND they have special sugar free syrup for diabetics. Clean and fast service. Got to love it!
