4	A great little restaurant. I'm vegetarian, and while most of their food is meat and thus I can't review it, their vegetarian curry was delicious. Two options for the rice (yellow or white with peas, I opted for the second). Fried plantains were a nice extra touch.We got there at 10:00 on a slow Monday night, and the server was on her way out. The woman behind the counter said she could serve us at the counter, which was a bit tall, even with the tall stools (it's the way they make them these days, but I don't have to like them).Overall, I'd say it was a great experience. Yumm, yumm.
3	We decided to branch out for lunch and try something new.  Caribbean food was at the top of the list and I liked the look of the Caribbean Hut, so we decided to give them a chance.  We walked in and stepped up to the counter where it says "order here."  We were told that we could sit anywhere and we'd be helped.  I wasn't expecting a full-service restaurant, but okay.  We each started with Jamaican sodas -- a ginger beer and a cream.  The cream was good; it was sweet.  And I loved my ginger beer.  It wasn't like ginger ale; it was more like sweetened carbonated water with a lot of ginger spice, giving it a small kick!  For entrees, they offer small and large versions.  The small was plenty of food.  Thankfully, that's what we ordered.  We both tried the jerk chicken entree.  It came with either yellow or white rice or rice and beans, as well as a veggie.  I assumed the yellow was the traditional Caribbean rice, so that's what we went with.  The rice was excellent; it was full of flavor.  The collard greens were pretty tasty, too.  A jerk marinade covered the chunks of chicken, and had a kick to it as well.  The only downside with the meal was that the chicken was still on the bone with fat and skin.  I'm not really a bone, fat, and skin kind of guy.  I like the meat.  Just meat.  Otherwise, it becomes work and I'm biting into things that I'm not supposed to be biting into.  It makes the meal less enjoyable.  We didn't feel like we got our money's worth meat-wise.   Loved the rice and veggie, but it would have been much, much better to have boneless chicken breast cut up and marinated in the jerk seasonings.The restaurant itself didn't have a lot of atmosphere, but it did have a lot of windows, which made it nice during the daytime to catch the sunlight.  Jamaican/Caribbean music played on the speakers and our server was very sweet and friendly.   Then there's the pricing.  $8-$10 an entree for dinner is great.  For a quick lunch, not so much so.  Our lunch for two with tax and tip came to $26.  That's a little excessive for a strip mall restaurant during a work lunch break.
4	I am giving this place 4 stars because #1 I'm not a experienced Jamaican food taster. I've been to Jamaica but that was well over 5 years ago, so I can't remember exactly how everything tasted.I tried Carribbean Hut at the Taste of Charlotte. I LOVED their Jerk Chicken with Rice and Peas! Delicious! I loved the spice. It was my kind of spicy esp. I'm from Louisiana. I can say it was spicy because my husband said it was. (He is from South Carolina) I hope to go back for more, and maybe also try more of their food. The jerk chicken is a winner though!
5	Dodging drunks coming in and out of Stool Pigeons, I decided to stop in on this small place. I did not see one person. The sign on the outside promised Caribbean (Jamaican) food. From the time I opened the door, I could smell nothing but the flavors from the island, the jerks, curries, and many other island favorites.      Looking at the menu, I see the prices are extremely low, and still , not one person (I realized why, they just opened). So I ordered the Jerk Chicken of course, that had a rich dark sauce. My wife had the Ox Tail, the sauce also was so good, you would want to drink it from a straw.      Do not let this little place in a strip mall fool you. They have very good and authentic foods, that will tantalize every taste bud that you have or wish you had. CAUTION! , if you have no idea what Jamaican food is or want a piece of square fish or chicken McNugget's do not go here. This is the real deal. Do not take my word for it. Try it for yourself. And... Do not drool on the keyboard while you are looking at the pictures.
5	For my money, this is a great place for a taste of the islands. They make good jerk chicken and they will steam or brown stew many different kinds of fish to your liking. They aren't super fast, but this isn't fast food. I've grown up on Caribbean food and this is pretty good. And, you can eat pretty healthy with their yellow rice and peas and cabbage as a side.
5	Delicious! One time I came here and we had a waiter that seemed somewhat high. I ordered a fish soup, and he forgot that I ordered it. I reminded him, he apologized, and then he gave me a twelve dollar sampler for free. I ended up taking the fish soup that I ordered home without eating it there, and enjoyed it later. I guess that would have made some people upset, but seriously I ordered $3.00 worth of food and received $15.00 worth of food instead. Plus it was all delicious. How I miss you, Caribbean hut!
4	Food was pretty good service was kind of slow
4	Great Caribbean food done right!  The hut is always, always, always consistent with their food, quick in and out service with a smile.  I've never had a bad meal here and the curry chicken is some of the best around.  Most meals come with rice and peas, plantains and mixed veggies or greens.  They're in a strip mall off of North Tryon before the Mallard Creek intersection.......give them a try.
4	Probably better than 4 yelp stars!  First of all I had never heard of this place and my plan was to eat somewhere else in the neighborhood (the other place was not opened for lunch so I walk in for directions and the Chef asks me if I know about Caribbean Food and really I do not if he said Jamaican or Haitian Food (only had a little of each) I couldn't have said very much more.  So the Chef says: "I want you to taste this"  (Fortune Favors the BOLD) so if you know me and especially if you no me, you'll know this is impressing me!  He brings over a small plate with three samples and does not tell me what they are, until I'm almost finished.  Curry Chicken (I guessed that one) and give it 4 yelp stars!  Another Chicken Dish with Brown sauce? Maybe? and OX Tail with a similar Brown Sauce.  Both of these with the Brown Sauce were Better than the Curry Chicken.  The Ox Tail (first time I have ever eaten OX Tail and it was one vertebrae section, bone still in) was very nice, a very fine flavor!  I WILL BE EATING Ox Tail Again!!!! Impressed so I stayed!  Ordered a Lunch Special Jerk Chicken which came with Rice and a Cabbage Salad!  He told me the "Jerk Sauce is spicy, Do You like spicy?". So he gave me a bite and it tasted perfect!  This Jerk Chicken was very good, he put enough Sauce on it to go with the Rice.  The Sauce gets 4.5 stars.  The Cabbage Salad and rice were alright and I'm glad I got to taste them!  Next time I would probably get Plantains and Ox Tail and maybe more Jerk Chicken if I'm not by myself!Impressive Service!  Most of the Patrons were regulars they would walk in say hello to the Chef and he would bring them a drink before they asked, then they would speak to me and tell me I would get used to the spice were quickly.  They were all speaking Jamaican to each other with a slightly different accent speaking to me!  Everyone was served speedy faster than a speeding ticket!
4	One of my favorite resturants...Im a regular they know my face and order by heart.  The food is very authentic Caribbean food(this coming from someone who goes to the islands on the regular).  Well seasoned meats and sauces and very good portions.  Food is always hot and fresh.  The only place were they lack is on plantains. This is a Caribbean staple and sometimes these are not the best.  Dry and rubbery at times instead of sweet, soft, and with just the right amount of crispness.  I would give them 5 stars of their plantains were consistently up to par.  Still doesn't stop me from going just about every other week.
4	I eat there every week.  I order the jerk chicken every time or the chicken soup. When I come into the restaurant, they just ask if i want my usual.
2	Ok, Let me start by saying I have eaten here on a weekly basis for the last couple of years.  The service is the BEST!  Everyone is usually very nice and friendly.  The newbies tend to be some what uppity and don't last but the regular workers know how to treat a customer. The food is always fresh, hot and tasty.  The portions are what seems to be lacking. The jerk chicken they serve although it taste great (in the past too much pimento or something almost tasted like it had cinnamon in it, but much better now) is more like scraps of chicken, mostly bone, gristle and most will be thrown away. The small box that they sell for $8.00 is less than 2 cups of food in total (meat, rice, cabbage and plantain). This is a problem and after realizing this I have decided not to eat here anymore.  I mean it taste great and there are other things on the menu but I am tired of buying other people fancy cars and big houses while they serve me up scraps.  The fish is awesome but at $16.00 I can cook my own.  Please step it up CH and consider NOT cutting the chicken down to bite size pieces and give the people what they pay for, FOOD. Coming from Florida and living in NY and having been to Jamaica this is not even how traditional jerk is even served. Set the standard! You really don't have a lot of competition but you make me wanna open a restaurant and give you some.
4	This is the only Caribbean restaurant I have tried in Charlotte, but I grew up in South Florida where Caribbean food is all over, so I have had a lot of it.  I almost always have the brown stew chicken here, because it is SO good.  I've also tried the curry chicken and jerk chicken, which were also excellent.  They have a great lunch special during the week that is a great value for the amount and quality of food you get.  The lunch special is under $6 and comes with rice an a side of either cabbage or collard greens.  Which you get seems to just depend on what they make that day.  I don't think you have a choice, but both are good.  The collard greens are the best I've had anywhere, although I have not had them many places as I always thought I wouldn't like them.  You have a choice on the rice, either rice and beans or yellow rice.  Authentic Caribbean places call it rice and peas, but I think they wisely call it rice and beans to not confuse American customers.One of the telltale signs of a good ethnic restaurant is when you see people of that ethnicity in there a lot and that is the case with this place.  If you go in around lunch time there are always a few people sitting at the bar (I don't think they serve alcohol, but they have a few stools at a bar in the front) and you'll almost certainly hear an island accent from them.  If people who know the real deal authentic food eat there, it's a good sign to me.If you like their food you will find that they treat their regulars very well.  The first couple of times I got takeout there I felt the service was pretty slow, but since I have become a regular (I get takeout probably 1-3 times a week) I don't even have to order anymore.  Overall I love this place and the only reason I haven't tried everything on their menu is because I like my regular brown stew chicken so darn much.  The next thing I am going to try there is their meat patties.  I hear they're hot, so if you order them keep that in mind.
4	Came here based on overwhelmingly good reviews on Yelp.    When I first walked in I was subtly hit with a comforting smell(the food).  I got a warm/tingly feeling like when you first got to your grandparents place for a visit as a youngin.  Then I noticed the pleasant earth tones of the walls, tables, chairs and floor which made for a very inviting atmosphere.  There was a takeout line which I think also doubled as a quick/walk through/order premade food cafeteria style during the day.  Just a guess.  I sat at one of the ten tables.  There was also a tall counter with about 5 back support bar stools.    The waitress , who was extremely nice and prompt the entire time, took my order of Oxtail, cabbage, yellow rice and plantains.  I figured I need to pair this with a beer as I was in the mood for a decent buzz so I chose Corona Extra, which turned out to be a great choice with the food.  There were plenty of oxtail pieces which were cooked perfectly for my liking and the sauce had the kind of spice that just puts a comfortable and warming sensation in your mouth but doesn't make you sweat.  I'm kind of a lightweight with spicy foods so this was great for me.  The cabbage was mixed with a couple other things that I can't remember now(thanks Corona).  The cabbage, I'll add, still had some crunch to it which made for great contrasting textures.  The rice was plentiful, as rice usually is, but this was cooked well and went great with the sauce on the oxtails.    This food was pretty darn good and it was the kind of thing that even though you have enough for two servings, it tastes so good you eat it all right there just to keep tasting it.  Which is pretty much what I did.  Would definitely go back and tell people to go there.  The 96 health rating, although fairly high, seemed like it could have been higher as this place was near immaculately clean.  Who knows what goes into a health rating.  I don't
4	curry goat is pretty good, patties are fresh, vibe is pretty friendly (even if i was the only white guy in the place last night). service could have been better but the first time i went it was fine. my biggest draw back was they dont have ting or banana drink, which are my staples.  but $12 for a huge plate of goat, rice and peas and veg i cant complain (nor could i finish it!)
5	Very friendly environment, but it's about the food. Damn that was good, and A LOT of food for 8 bucks!
5	Omg!!!!!! This place is one of the best in the Charlotte area!!!!!     First off... When you step in, you are greeted by a waitress who is ready to seat you at your table, as well as eager to get you fed and squared away!      Second....I have been to almost "EVERY" Caribbean restaraunt in Charlotte, but this one is my favorite. And I will be honest, it's sheerly because of the authentic taste THAT IS CONSISTENT 24/7!!!!!!!!!       I have been to a number of other carribean restaurants in the Charlotte area whose taste change periodically, which is my pet peeve.       The verdict is that this place is not big on flash and glam. But it's big on taste AS WELL AS CONSISTENCY. Oh...and didn't I mention the large portions that they give you???? TRUST ME YOU WON'T ME DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!! GO THERE TODAY!!!!
4	That's a 4.5 to be exact! The food is undeniable at the Caribbean Hut. The service on the other hand. Whoa. Extremely slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And I mean slow. Next time I will have to call and order my food ahead so it will be ready by the time I get there and have a seat. Did I say the service is slow? I haven't been to the Hut in years (way before Yelping), and I decided to go back recently. I pulled up and parked somewhat in front of the door. While still in my car, I could see these three men standing around by the front door. Kind of seemed like they were looking into my car. I walk in and they're staring at me. I mean Damn, do you work here? Or no? Anyways, I and my guest find a seat and the waitress (the only one) come to take our drink order. We both had the Sorrel (flower/ginger drink which has a little bit of rum). I get the feeling that they would give it to anyone (21-) lol. We place our orders and wait. We notice people come in and place to go orders as well as dine in. One family in particular places a to go order then they proceed to sit in the dining area. Smart family. Not only did the family of three get their meal before us, after ordering AFTER us, they eat and they're gone! We start to wonder. A couple of other tables get their meals before us and we know we placed orders before them! Anywho, our food comes. Curry shrimp with rice and cabbage (they were out of all other sides -_-) and Curry chicken for my guest. The chicken was blessed. Best curry I've had in Charlotte. Ever! While bascking in this Curry glory and grooving to the Reggae hits (they play them all!!), I look up and notice that there is a movie playing on the tv's that just came out in theatres...lol The food here is excellent. The only thing holding back the fifth star is that service. The waitress was very nice, I almost felt sad for her! She was working so hard! Not saying anyone is Jamaican, but the Hut definitely opperates on Jamaican time (no offense) lol. Lets step up the service, hire some more people or something! Love the food!
5	This review is dedicated to the Roasted Whole Red Snapper. I just want to say...I LOVE YOU! The 45 minutes it took for you to roast was wellllllll worth the wait. I'll never want to eat any other fish again in my life. You were perfect mon! I don't think I will ever be able to understand how they get so much flavor into the fish, and I don't want to. Just keep serving it the way you do. I would have eaten the foil that the fish was wrapped in if I could. Whole roasted Snapper for $17, can't beat that with a stick! Also, you all should hire another waitress. Love the one you have but she needs some help!!!
4	I've only been here once. But as far as I can see, their only disadvantage is that they're right next door to the fantastic Casablanca Cafe. It's just so hard to turn down Moroccan lamb couscous just feet away. Hence why I've only been here once. But enough about Casablanca. This is about cheap and cheerful Caribbean food, a cuisine that's sadly underrepresented in Charlotte. And why is that? We seem to love soul food. And Caribbean is like soul food, only with more fish, less of a dependence on deep-frying and a more diverse palette of fruits, herbs and spices, owing to its tropical origin and influences from China and India. There's nothing wrong with pork fat and hot sauce. But is there anything that's not improved with scotch bonnet peppers, mango or ginger? I humbly submit to you, dear reader, that there is not. As I've only been once, I can't make too many recommendations. I had the jerk chicken with yellow rice, plantains and cabbage. It was cheap, delicious and the portions were very generous. I did however get a sly peek at some of the foods other diners had ordered and it all looked fantastic, almost to the point of making me regret what I'd ordered. I suspect you couldn't go wrong by throwing caution to the wind, closing your eyes and pointing to a random spot on the menu. Unless, of course you're freaked out by the idea of eating goat or oxtail.One thing you should not leave to fate is your choice of drink. They sell Ting, the impossibly refreshing D&G produced Jamaican soda made with real Jamaican grapefruit, real cane sugar and tears of sheer rapturous joy. If you come here and don't order a Ting, so help me, I will find you, corner you and mercilessly mock your lack of taste and good judgement. You have been warned.
5	Wow! This place in Fantastic! This was a pleasant surprise since I had never heard of the place and was just passing by. We were given a friendly welcome from the time we walked in. The service and food brought back fond memories of a recent trip to Jamaica. The server suggested that I sample the Jerk Chicken and the Curry Goat before ordering because I said I didn't want anything crazy hot. Both were delicious but I had the Jerk Chicken and my guest had the Butter Shrimp. I can honestly say that the Collards were some of the best I have ever had. Friendly service, great food, large portions and reasonably priced!
5	The good:- Jamaican food for Jamaican people- If you are not Jamaican, you will be alone- food is authentic- very cheap- yamman!The bad:- can you order in Patois?- not a pretentious place
2	I happened to be in the University area recently around lunch time, so I quickly checked my Yelp App to see what dining options were nearby.  I found this place and decided to check it out.  When I pulled up in the parking lot, I had a bit of a dilemma as there was a Middle Eastern place right next door... but I decided to check out the Caribbean Hut since I have great Middle Eastern food in my neighborhood but no Caribbean/Jamaican places.  So, I walked in and found that this place is one of those spots where you go up and place your order at the counter.  I quickly scanned the menu board and decided to go with jerk chicken. I asked and the girl behind the counter & she said it was served with beans & rice.  Ok - sounds good so far.  I wasn't sure about portion sizes, but I decided to go with the smaller portion size.  When my food came out, I was disappointed to see three little tiny pieces of chicken (which were mostly bone), rice  with only a couple of sparse beans mixed into the rice, and about half the plate was made up of some sort of slaw (WTH- she didn't tell me slaw came on the plate! I hate slaw, yuck!)  It did have 2 slices of plantains, which were tasty. When I dug into it, things didn't really get any better.  The jerk chicken was not very delicious - I was quite disappointed in both the subdued flavor and the terrible cut of "meat"...it was like 3 little chicken wings that hardly had any meat whatsoever on it.  Definitely not what I was expecting.  I was expecting to dig  into a plate of wonderful calypso rice with  beans & a flavorful jerk chicken with plenty of spicy flavor. But this was just sad.  Based on the other reviews, maybe I just caught them on a bad day, but the experience was so disappointing that I probably won't be back.
5	The food is excellent.  The service is very good.  Prices are very reasonable.  If you like Caribbean food you should go there, it is really enjoyable.  GET THE CURRY GOAT.
3	The food is very good, especially the jerk chicken. It's very authentic food. Also $5.95 lunch chicken special, can't beat that!!! However, the serve sucks!!!!!! No smile at all, water left empty til I asked for more. I asked for more rice, but takes him forever to get it. So I cancelled it because there's no point for the rice when my meat is all gone. But the server make this stupid face and shook his head. I will go back for take out, but not dine in.
4	This is my go to spot in Charlotte for Jamaican Cuisine. The food is always fresh and the service is A-1. I only wish that they would hire more cooks or create a faster prep time so the wait isn't soo extensive.
4	Loved the Jerk Chicken. Was definitely spicy, how I like it. Looking forward to future visits. They also have an assortment of Jamaican beverages, alcoholic and non-alcoholic.
4	Just yum. Need more chicken and less bone!!!! Bought 2 chicken roti and was floored by flavor in Charlotte! To think I was ready to hop a plane to head to Brooklyn NY's Nio on Church/Rogers for a roti but can find a comparable roti in Charlotte, NC? Very appreciated. The skins were tasty although I like a lot more Dahl in my roti skin. The chicken was tender and juicy enough for me to overeat and be mad at myself later on. The potatoes were also nicely curried. Love that carrots weren't substituted for potatoes. Staff was cool. Loved the young teen behind the counter who is clearly learning working ethics. She was cute enough to listen to how roti skins were made with yellow split peas not chick/garbanzo. If you are from Trinidad or used to eating in Trinidadian restaurants, you know chana. You know chana is given as an option to be put over your curry filling. Chana is actually garbanzo/chick peas. Here it is Jamaican cooking and no chana option. I don't like chana anyway so that was lovely. My only issues with this place so far? There isn't a venue south of Charlotte airport and too much bone-more chicken needed. Also got my order at 1:25pm on a Thursday and received my 2 chicken rotis in 15min or less. All Caribbean restaurants will take time so this was quick. I took 3 pictures of my chicken roti including inside the skin...so please view. But next time I visit, I will scrutinize that ladle to make sure no bones added!
5	I've been here a couple times and this is authentic Jamaican cuisine.  Been from Jamaica, I think I know something about my country's food and culture.  If you aren't satisfied with the portions, just ask for more and they'll deliver.  By the way, if you are not familiar with our cuisines, save your say for somewhere else.  I love curried chicken and the way it's always chopped up. Bone and all. If you want curried breast, just ask. Just remember that curried chicken is chopped up and may not have a lot of meat.  That's our culture. I had the Curried Goat and I must say that this is as good as it gets.  Definitely hits the spot and satisfies my craving for some good Jamaican food.  Mmmmm...I'm going there now to get some more.  Meet me there.  Let's eat!
2	Not so much.... I've had better it's a nice fix but it reminds me of when I want a coke but some buys me a diet cook .... It's good but not exactly what I wanted
2	We were passing through and decided to try this joint based on the reviews here. Not impressed! We decided to dine in but quickly changed our minds because of the attitude of our server.  Very unpleasant disposition! I don't know about anyone else but if I'm going to patronize an establishment, regardless of the hour I expect to be welcomed and treated well.  Ordered to go instead. .. Had the curried goat and Jerk Chicken. ... Not impressed! The curried goat was fiery! Okay,,don't even start with the "what else did you expect" argument because pepper can be used to just add flavour not to make one cry!  You don't have to use so much pepper when cooking.  It had no other flavor. The Jerk Chicken was more like a tasty Brown stewed chicken. It helped stop our hunger somewhat but don't think we'll return. ..  and btw, I'm yardie!
4	Thier food is good if your use to caribbean style food, but great if your not. All of their workers are friendly. I recommend this.
5	Went there with friends and everyone liked everything that they ordered.. All in all a place worth trying.. Do try the Jerk Chicken
5	Friendly staff and authentic Caribbean cuisine. Although I usually get my food to go,  I never wait too long and its the Only place I go to get Curry Goat...... it's the best in the City!
5	Found this small restaurant (as well as their Morrocan neighbor) on Yelp*.  Wonderful Jamaican food with much of what you'd expect from that region.  Ordered both the Curry Goat and Curry Chicken Roti.  Portion sizes were spot on, and the flavors were deep without too much heat--both delicious!.  I will return and sit at the counter, order some different food and observe the day-to-day confluence of patrons.  I like this place!
4	If have ever lived in or visited Jamaica...you probably dream about the food. Well apparently dreams come true! As soon as you walk in the smell of spices hits you. Bob Marley is lightly signing don't worry be happy in the background. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is literally mouth watering! My only complaint is that I wish I got more meat with my oxtail! Although the meal (with rice, beans, and cabbage) was a healthy portion....I wanted to savor more of that delicious ox tail! My boyfriend got the curry goat, which was also amazing. We will definitely be back!
4	Love the jerk chicken. Reasonable price. Always satisfies. I've come here for lunch and dinner. People are always friendly and the environment is relaxed. Highly recommended.
5	I woke up today craving food with Flavor and Soul. Coming to the Caribbean Hut, the highest rated Island restaurant in Charlotte, seemed like the natural progression.As always, I studied the photos and reviews prior to leaving home. ORDER?- Curried Goat. Lots of bones, but also TONS of flavor. The dish was just spicy enough that I didn't have to request hot sauce. The meat and the other items on the plate complimented each other perfectly. I would definitely order this again. It was fantastic.- Yellow Rice. One of a choice of three rice dishes that are offered when ordering. I thought that it went well with the curried goat, and I ate every last grain.- Fried Cabbage. Entirely crunchy, and a "cooling" component on the plate. I liked this as well.- Fried Plantains. There were only two of them, but that was just enough. These were easily as good as any plantains that I've ever eaten, including those eaten in St. Lucia.- TING. Some of the other reviewers recommended Ting. I had no idea what Ting was. I found out that it was the BEST Lemon/Lime soda on planet Earth. I drank two bottles. I highly recommend that you give this a try, because it is outstanding! $3/bottle and worth it.- Red Velvet Cake. Moist. Not too sweet. A perfect way to cap off a fabulous meal.SERVICE?When I entered, I was met with three bright smiles and a resounding hello. The young lady who was my waitress was fabulous. She checked on me several times, and at just the right intervals. Service could NOT have been better.CLEANLINESS?I didn't see a sanitation grade, but the place was spotless.DECOR?Bob Marley tributes everywhere. I have several Bob Marley CDs, so this suited me to a tee. I also have several steel drum CDs, so this is my kind of place. As I left, I spoke to the lady behind the counter. I asked her if she cooked the delicious food. She replied in a lovely Caribbean accent, "My SOUL cooked the food," and smiled. Yes, yes it did. I will be back, and soon!
4	Really, the only reason why this place isn't getting 5 stars is because I've never really had Caribbean food before (save a Caribbean vegan joint, but it was vegan, so not so comparable). So just based on first impressions, lovelovelove this place!+ Friendly, attentive, and accommodating service that doesn't overdo it.+ HUGE portions.+ Lunch specials are always a plus!+ Just the right amount of spice! Not crazy hot.+ A jerk chicken with a nicely soupy sauce with deep flavors.+ Goat soup that is simple, but so flavorful and really hits the spot if you're craving goat.+ Flavorful tofu/vegetarian dishes.+ Discovered SORREL. OMG. Love this red gingery drink.~ My mom was disappointed by the callaloo but I thought it was tasty! The roti was large but we could have used another in proportion to the amount of callaloo we got. (Again--large portions!)- Some of the dishes were a tad on the salty side--in a way that was delicious (because I like salt) but could limit other peoples' appetitesAtmosphere is cozy and unassuming, kind of hole in the wall-y feel--lots of reggae and large posters of Caribbean greats. Because of this it seemed like it was more of a fast-food kind of place, but it's actually sit-down (or take-out)! It's the kind of place that you'd stop by with friends to catch up and have a comforting meal in good company.Would definitely come back to this place. Caribbean cuisine, you've gained a fan in me!
