5	Very nice store and clean.  Fast service & the manager Maria very friendly.
3	New modern design set up more lap top friendly with counter and AC outlets. Crew still is not a friendly as other locations. Other than that it is a McDonalds serving McDonalds
5	Very friendly service. Very nice Manager. ^_^
5	I've been rather disappointed in the McD's I've been stopping in lately, and I remember this being a total dive years ago. Came in for sodas-the staff is nice, the place is clean; then my cousin and I were very impressed at how well the team was communicating with each other.
2	We stopped by last night to check out the McRib so this review is for that. I can honestly say that the McRib is McGross. The sauce cloyingly sweet, the meat had the texture of a sponge and after a couple bites I threw it out. Im not quite sure that the big deal is about with this sandwich. I do remember having one as a kid but like Twinkies somethings just taste better when you're young. The staff here was really friendly and while the sandwich was gross, it was served hot and fresh.
4	Yesterday I was starving so I stopped by here for a Southwest salad. To my surprise, this salad was full of fresh romaine lettuce and warm moist strips of pretty tasty chicken. This salad has only 450 calories which is a huge plus. They have two other types of salad for even less calories, but I bet they aren't as tasty as this one. I highly recommend going to McDonald for a last minute salad instead of the Taco Bell's Cantina bowl.
3	it's in not the best  condition, staff is small which creates long lines and also the food is not  so good, I had the impression that they change the  oil very rare . But  the ice cream is the same, is good!
4	The kid won't eat at Del Taco, so it's a two-stop lunch.  Fine.  Ordered easily in the drive-thru, tended prompted to my a young woman with dual eyebrows (unusual, but not bad: the original set, and a second pair penciled about an inch higher; interesting look), and out the door again.The girl toy in the kid's meal was a decorate-yourself little generic Hot Wheels car, but she's a tomboy and loves stickers, so no harm, no foul.
4	I really enjoy this location of the McDonalds. There are a few problems I have with it though. I have asked for water (this was twice within a fifteen minute period) and never received it. When I ordered three chocolate sundaes, they had no problem getting them to me! Just don't ask for something like water. There are also a lot of bums that hang out in there and it can become unsafe for kids. For the most part, John (the main manager) will drive them out of there after awhile. There are also a lot of teenagers which can become somewhat unruly. It is not in the greatest area, but it is actually a good location. The quality of the food seems great though...
2	First impressions: the first time I checked in here, the drive thru is extremely slow. Shows that it's very unorganized inside. 2nd time here, I decided to go inside to order to-go and it's just my luck that the soda machine was down so they only offered sweet tea and iced coffee. The lady who was placing my order spoke in a very low tone that I could barely hear her and I had to repeat myself many times. Waiting for my order, I chose to sit down at a table. I was searching for a clean table and chair to sit in and managed to find one. That's twice now that I've had a bad experience with this mcdonalds. I'll definitely be going to a different mcdonalds even though this one is the closest one to where I live.
1	This is one of the worst McD's I've been to in Vegas.  It's super slow and dirty.  If it wasn't close to my work, I wouldn't go here...in fact, if I do go to McDs, I will just opt to go one closer to home just to avoid this place. Also, the drive thru is horribly organized.  You're likely to get into a car accident if you try and use it.
1	On occasion, I take my son to get a happy meal here. He doesn't like fries, so we either get double apple slices, or a yogurt/apple slices. This has never been a problem, until today. The manager has decided that this has to be up charged now. I don't have a problem with an extra dollar and some change. What I have a problem with is how McDonald's is discouraging healthful eating now. For many, that dollar up charge could be a big deal for families on a budget, and could discourage them from having their kids eat more heathy items. Chicken nuggets and burgers have enough fat and sodium, so why force fries down everyone's throat?  90% of people will order it "as is". They should not discourage the other 10%.I personally will not set foot in this establishment again, or go through it's drive-through.  I don't know if this is a corporate policy, or the franchises decision. Either way, they need to change this rediculous policy.To top it off, they got my order wrong. Luckily I always double check my order before I leave, since this place gets it wrong 50% of the time.Get it together McDonald's.
1	Love me some McDonald's on the way home from Las Vegas. Made it over there this morning just in the time for breakfast. Was very disappointed why I reached in for my sausage mcmuffin with egg and someone had already taken a bite. Gross! Pick a different location for your post partying feast (unless you like partially eaten breakfast sandwiches).
5	BRADLEY O'HALLORAN offered:* Exceptional courtesy* Cheerful professionalism* Grace under morning rush* Good communications skills* Quick, efficient handling of food itemsAnd did I mention it was THANKSGIVING?Kudos to a young man who adds a lot of class to his neighborhood McDonalds location!
