1	I had to actually create the business profile on here their service has been so bad. I moved into Vintage at Scottsdale. That is the address I used because New Media doesn't post ANY information online.  The community uses this company. The internet is constantly down. The tech support is deplorable. I would never go with them again. I am cutting my service off today.  There isn't much more to write. DON'T USE NEW MEDIA WEST FOR ANYTHING.
1	Just wanted to make sure their bad ratings stuck.  Terrible. I switched to Cox. Night and day difference. Won't be long be this place is out of business or bought out.
1	My apartment community has a sole-provider contract with New Media West - we cannot use any other internet service. It's slow, unreliable, and overpriced, but entirely worse is their deceitful conduct.When I moved in, the internet cost $42.99. Now, visiting their rate sheet specific to my community, it costs $29.99. I called today to ask why I was still being charged the higher price, and they switched it to $29.99, then tried to end the call. I asked what would happen to the amount I overpaid for however long, and they said they cannot be expected to call every customer and tell them the rate has changed.. I said that was reasonable, but surely they should be expected to reflect that change automatically in customers' bills. They said they don't do that.New Media West -- formerly Ygnition -- has uniformly terrible reviews. How is this allowed? I will never rent from a residential management company dedicated to their services again.
1	This group was formerly Ygnition.  Which was bad enough.  Then they got bought out by these losers, based out of Chicago.  A word of warning to all-if you are looking for an apartment and the manager says they use these people RUN! do not walk to the nearest exit.  I have had a problem receiving certain channels, like Free Speech TV which I was getting just fine until about three weeks ago.  I called, I got a ticket number (not like that apparently means anything).  Two weeks later and they still have yet to get back to be, so I call again.  Yet another ticket number and an empty promise to figure it out.  I pay these people, right?  Also, their internet sometimes can reach the blinding fast speeds of dial up.  I am moving out at the end of my lease, partly becasue off these bozos.  Avoid at all costs.
