1	The scheduling woman, Annette, is extremely rude and unapologetic.  When scheduling a time to come in to my home for an appointment, they did not provide the 30 minute call ahead they said they would.  She then called to reprimand me for not being there and said that I was being irresponsible.  I tried to let her know that I did not receive the 30 minute prior phone call even letting me know that the technician was going to be there.  She told me I was wrong and refused to believe me.  While the technician's service was neutral, the scheduling woman was one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had.
1	READ THIS REVIEW..... if you are willing to do the following:1) support a local business2) have a knack for bitter and angry women3) take time of work... meaning a whole day of work 4) be on call and not do anything until they come to your home5) be hung up on6) PAY for crappy service...a lady from this 7 person office calls me in reference to a service that was schedule between 1-4 pm , this was per the property manager.. However there was a miscommunication between the business and the manager all I knew was it was between 1pm to 4pm.i was on my way to the house to take care of the issue .. Before i forget to mention this ... A lady calls me at 12:50 asking me how far was I from the home ... i answered give me 15 minutes (I was still thinking about the 1-4pm time slot) she then said you know this is not going to happen , the property manger this the property manager that ... this is ridiculous and you guys should've been there and went on and on and on and on ... and she was on my cars bluetooth on blast with my 11 and 9 year.... and  i said well i apologize for that i will there as soon as possible.. then she said .. no... its not going to happen ma'am not today ... this is not going to happen ma'am .. she uses the word ma'am like she was to say *insert profanity here* , then i asked how can we resolve this maybe  if we can work on rescheduling (first of all WHY am I as the consumer would be trying to make things work when she was standoffish to begin with? IDK maybe i am still hoping for world peace) ... and she was like ugh no I need to call American Home Shield and the owner I don't know this is ridiculous.. and I asked well can we get a time maybe for next week and then call us if its possible or not and she NO MA'AM I AM NOT GOING TO THAT all loud ..... and asked ... excuse me did I say something to offend you???  and here goes........SHE HUNG UP! i called back and she said YES I HUNG UP ON YOU and hung up again !I was disappointed with the property manager and made sure he knew I felt, however Angry lady's action was uncalled for... wow ,now i know why some people pay a premium for larger companies ... since this will not be tolerated.When i read the review from Mollie C .... why am I not surprised?The following has been done:1) filed an executive complaint with the BBB2) a copy was sent to American Home Shield and the FTC , just in case this company tries to make a quick buck....and ask for the $75 deductible 2) a letter to Mr. Little , the owner and according to the grumpy lady on the phone he was the "technician" he that was waiting.... do I guess if the owner of the company is performing the service .. you need to bow down to him ... its like the president of the United states is doing you a favor and exempted all taxes due for you and your family....SCORE!this is the worst service I have received .. better yet treatment from a COMPLETE stranger.
1	Absolutely unbelievable. After carving out my whole morning and changing plans around to accommodate their 4 hour window, the service man that came to my house left after about ten minutes because he was scared of my dog. Who I had already locked up per his request! It was a complete and total waste of my time. Not to mention the ignorance of this "small business" because apparently the fact that my dog is a pit was the real problem. Which the idiot didn't even know till I told him! If I had said boxer would you have left my house?! Horrible company.
