3	We went tonight on a busy Friday after work.  The pizza was very good, made to order, affordable, and fast.  The toppings selections were unlimited and I was glad to see salad options and a variety of drinks.  My only complaint, and maybe I'm just getting old, is that the music is waaay tooo loud.  I had to shout to tell my order and the servers could barely hear me.  I wanted to ask questions about toppings but it was just so hard to hear and I got sick of literally shouting.  I hated having to just go along with whatever was happening with my pizza because I didn't want to fight the noise to customize my order.  Then when we sat to eat, it was constant banging noise in our ears.  I'm no prude, I love music, I love 80's music which seemed to be a theme, but my goodness it was just unbearable after a long day at work.  The business concept is good though.
4	I was very excited to finally see a decent pizza place in this area!The "design your own" pizza craze is hot in Phoenix and this chain, although being the third entry in the field, are gonna make a race of it.You get an 11 inch pizza for only $7.47 with as many or few toppings of your choice for one low price!  Or, if you prefer just a cheese pizza, ask for the "maddy" for only $5.97.  They even have a "mini" size for those with smaller appetites.After selecting the size of your crust (and yes, they do have gluten-free available), you have your option of several toppings, including a rich tomato sauce, BBQ, and others.  As much as I wanted to stay traditional, the pesto sauce was calling my name (and I highly recommend it).  Your choice of toppings are extensive, and of high quality from the fresh meat to the colorful and vibrant vegetables.  Even the fresh herbs appeared to be freshly chopped.  In addition to the normal toppings, this place has a few I have not see elsewhere, like Asiago cheese, pepperoncini, fresh chopped rosemary and even a balsamic fig glaze to top it off.The pizzas are cooked in a brick oven (not a conveyor belt like one of the other places) and come out fresh, hot and crisp in just a couple of minutes.I made short work of the my Pesto and Veggie pizza, and will be back to expand my creativity and satisfy my hunger very soon....They also have "design your own" salads, garlic strips, and for desserts, cinnamon strips and sweet tarts.  Although you may have to skip the dessert if you decide to indulge yourself with one of their very tasty milkshakes.One more thing before I go.  I have to mention the to-go boxes that are actually two separate pieces, which I found a bit odd at first, until I realized it was a clever and convenient way to share (if you can).P.S. Extra kudos for having Angry Orchard Cider!
4	From the moment I walked in, their set-up looked a lot like Subway subs (adding toppings down the line as you please). So for that reason, I wasn't expecting high hopes on quality, taste, or both. After my first order today, pizza is really delicious. You can either order custom pizzas that are already pre-made with Mod suggestions listed on the side wall with ingredients, or you can make yours custom right there on the spot. All the decisions and the wait time for the pizza to cook, took about 10min. They also have glass bottles of Fanta & Coca-Cola (real Mexican style) which I loved! All pizzas are thin crust, and I really wish I would have ordered a mini size. The next level up is the Mod size, and I could barely eat 3 out of the 4 slices. Keep in mind I'm a 30yr old 200 lbs 6 foot tall guy. I had my pizza with extra red sauce, mozzarella cheese, gorgonzola cheese, chicken, pepperoni, and salami. The price including the glass coca-cola bottle was $10.89. I know with fluctuations, prices are increasing, although I still feel it's a bit much, but again perhaps the Mod size was too big. I almost want to give it 5 stars.
5	The gluten free pizza is so delicious! I Have been her 2 times in less than a week! So yummy! It's the "subway" of pizza! How can you go wrong? Great job MOD PIZZA!
4	I went in late because I thought they were open later but they are only open till 9pm. But they were very friendly and made a great pizza! The interior is filled with concrete and hard surfaces so if you want a quiet dinner, this is not the place. But the employees were very helpful and my food was great!
5	Awesome.  This place is like chipotle for pizza at an extremely reasonable price.  This is our new go-to place for sitting down to have pizza.  We got 4 different pizzas and all were amazing (the Tristan was my favorite)The staff were very friendly and made this place a great family-friendly spot. They gave the kids free milkshake samples, stickers, etc.  One of the team members played with my two year old a little bit while she was clearing tables.A mistake was made with one of our pizzas - I originally said "Number 3...oh wait, no number 2" and it was accidentally read on the paper to make the number 3.  The final person in the line noticed the mistake and remade the pizza and gave us the mistake pizza for free.  Very impressed with our entire experience.I can see no real reason to spend the time waiting for a place like Grimaldi's or Oreganos anymore if I'm primarily looking for pizza.
5	Food is Awesome , service is fast and friendly and affordable too. Great concept . I highly recommend this for any occasion.
4	Love this place!! Very reasonable prices.  Came during lunch and they were very good at getting order out fast.
3	Poor customer service. Last time the mega was cut into sixes. This time I got it cut in fours and asked for it to be fixed. Was told to wait while she finished cutting and boxing other pizzas. I finally walked away. They seem disorganized. I got two super large slices and two small slices. Tasted good though.
5	Really great pizza here! Finally a great pizza place near work! Build your own! Can't beat that!
4	I had the "Calexico" pizza, it was delicious. This is wood fired pizza done right. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that it's slightly confusing to order. You can get custom pizzas much the same way you would order at Subway or Chipotle. I picked the number I wanted but they still ask you if you want each ingredient on it. Simple enough, I just told them I want whatever comes with that number, I didn't see all of the toppings listed in the number available at the counter, but then I realized that the rest are "finishers" which are applied after cooking and are available around the other side of the counter. Not really a big deal but now I know so I can try other finishers in the future. Staff was happy and friendly. They had a very small section of beer and wine on tap but I couldn't try them on my lunch break. I will be back!
4	I am updating my review based on our experience tonight.  We had 2 great mini pizzas with great service.  It was not as crazy busy, the music level was just right, and the front patio was open for a nice indoor/outdoor kind of vibe.  Also, we could people watch as randomness walked by.  Pizzas and drinks were very good, and being that it was not opening night, we really enjoyed the custom pizzas with less noise.  I think we will be back for the week day affordable food, quality beverages, friendly service, and outdoor seating.
5	For a DIY Pizza place I found the food here to be excellent.  The crust is great, the staff was helpful.  The choices of toppings are excellent. They have online ordering which I highly recommend since they are always busy.
5	This place gets five stars from me!  I've been there several times now since it has opened!  The pizzas are amazing and the staff is so darn friendly!  They give great recommendations!  They have some pretty amazing lemonade too!  I'm a huge fan of the Tyler pizza!  It's close to my house which makes it almost bad for me because I just keep coming back!  I love it! The prices are great and the pizzas are very flavorful!  Thanks MOD for coming to my neighborhood!
5	MOD Pizza is absolutely incredible!! I am now boycotting all other pizza establishments until they step up their game. I have visited MOD at least ten times since they opened near Metrocenter!! Where else can you get unlimited toppings with your choice of sauces for the same price every time? No coupons needed!! The thin crust cooked inside their magical oven is always right..the toppings are fresh and their sauce options keep me trying something new. The best part about MOD so far is the staff!! It is a good feeling to be served by happy people! They are attentive to their customers and make you feel welcome!! Keep up the great work MOD!! Until we meet again..probably tomorrowTim P
2	I came here on a Friday evening about 6:15. The place has a nice vibe, the employees are friendly, and the prices are wonderful. I ordered The Jasper and one of the strawberry desserts. The ingredients tasted fresh and everything had a good flavor. I'm giving the place two stars because the crust was terrible. It was extremely "chewy." It was like putting a tortilla in the microwave for 5 minutes. The crusty just ruined it for me. I always like thin crust pizza...but they usually are a bit crispy. This one tasted cheap (which it was!). I am glad I tried the place, but I have no desire to go back...and won't.
3	We wanted to try something new. We've seen the MOD in Gilbert but happened to be on the other side of town so we tried this location. Pretty cute inside, decent menu. We had the BBQ pizza. Eh... What made this trip memorable was our server, Tamara. Even though the food was good, she made our visit stand out. She was attentive, made food suggestions and even joked around with us. We will go back to this location!
5	Keishah and Jenny hooked it up. Get the seasonal pizzas... OMFG! Fast delicious friendly and very high quality.
4	I loved the concept of this place! The red sauce was not my favorite, but the white sauce was delicious! You can get a mini pizza for around $5 with as many toppings as you want! The food would get 5 stars, but they lost a star for customer service. As soon as I walked in, the lady behind the counter was not friendly. I had never been here before and she did not seem willing to waste her time answering questions. The first thing she says to me is "red sauce and cheese?" I did not know what I wanted at that point, so I asked her if I could look first. She said "okay, but you need to pick a sauce." Yes, I know. She seemed to be in a hurry and there was nobody even behind me. Rude! They guy at the register was more patient and friendly. Overall, food was great and cheap and they have beer on tap, so I will be back. Just make sure you look over the menu before you arrive.
5	This is the most f***g awesome pizza I ever had in USA!!! OMG! Staff are pretty expert and friendly, thin crust, amazing ingredients, easy menu, nice beers, cool service!I love it!
4	Finally, something cool on this fairly dreadful but improving side of town.In the new Metro Commons next to a new JOINT, Pot belly subs, Yogi's, a burger place I forgot the name of but there are a few of them around, and a soon to be new Yogurt shop, things are def. getting a little better out here.Pizza is easy to order, kind of Subway-esque minus the dullness of an actual Subway.Ordered a couple different, one just pepperoni and one the Chicken Calexico?  Quite good, and wood fire oven fresh.  Crust was thin and crispy, a little burnt here and there just how I like it (TWSS).The vibe is laid back with patio seating overlooking the scenic Peoria avenue rush hour traffic.  A stay pigeon also found this place, he was munching on some gluten free crust tossed away by a fairly overweight female patient, I mean customer.Also they have a lovely devils ale on tap.  Totally cool.Good to see a few fresh kind of hipper places opening up around these here parts:)
5	Guys, I don't even know the name of manager so I'm not a relative :) I'm from Beverly Hills and staying here in Phoenix for a while on a business trip.Believe me, this place is gonna be a bucket list for Phoenix!Easy menu, personalized menu, fresh ingredients smiling at you over counter, best draft beer collection, extremely friendly and expert staff, minimum waiting time, easy access from freeway, and most important, sweet memories here!Here's my order:Red sauce with mozzarella cheese, Canadian bacon, mushroom, red onion, olives plus some fresh veggies and pesto after oven. I'm sorry I couldn't wait to take a picture so I ate the first slice  I'm a fan of orange blossom beer!
5	Amazing pizza and amazing service. I love the fact that the dough is made from scratch. Byop and salad. Keep coming back for more.
2	I think it only fair to lay out some background information before writing this review:First, I don't get the concept of "thin crust" pizzas and I never will.  I wasn't impressed with them when Dominoes came up with the concept some 30 years ago and I'm still not.  Back in New York, a thin-crust pizza wasn't firm like a cracker and, thus, didn't hold up firmly when you put things on it.  It was doughy.  I admit to being a carboholic and the thicker the crust, the better (Go Sicilian!).  I call thin crust pizza "Jewish Pizza", because it reminds me of putting toppings on top of a piece of matzoh (except matzoh's a bit thicker and doesn't fall apart like ashes if you grab it too hard).MOD Pizza's concept is simple:  come in and pick one of their pre-selected topping pizzas or make your own.  In that respect, not too different from Papa Murphy's.  The resemblance ends there.  Whereas my partner's white sauce pizza had lots of sauce on it; the guy making mine decided to "spread" the sauce around with the ladle, thus making it thin (i.e., non existent).  My fault:  I could have said something.  Likewise, the woman making my friend's pizza was generous with toppings; my guy acted like they were making him pay for every topping he sprinkled on my pizza.The pizza is good; especially if you're a fan of the as-solid-as-air crust of thin pizzas.  Ambiance is another matter.  There's both indoor and outdoor seating in this strip mall.  Like many such outdoor locales in Phoenix, this one adjoins a parking lot with a busy street across the way.  Since the weather was beautiful today, we decided to sit outdoors; especially as music was playing loudly inside.  Unfortunately, whether they can't or don't want to, the music cannot be shut off outside and it's not played softly.  To me, music is very subjective, just like art; and if you're listening to something you don't like, it doesn't enhance the meal, it ruins it.  Take a guess by my tone which category I fall into!Finally, I have to say, that I'm NOT a cheap person; I'm frugal.  A cheap person won't part with his/her money unless upon pain of death; a frugal person isn't loose with his/her money either, but has no problem paying for something when it's worth it.  I'm not arrogant or idiotic enough to believe that labor costs and convenience shouldn't be built into a price.  $7.49 + tax for a personal pizza on crispy loose leaf paper is not a bad deal.  But for $2.99, I can go to Safeway, get a thicker pizza, spend money on toppings and come out paying less and actually enjoy it ... as a snack.There is nothing unreasonable about this place's prices or the concept.  I just don't see anything to brag or be excited about.  Add to that the occasional verbal assault by the homeless asking for money while you dine outside and the experience is more than forgettable ... I hope.
4	The atmosphere is open and friendly. They use frozen pizza dough and yell your name once the pizza is done which is about 5 minutes. Besides that the pizza is tasty. The crust is cracker like but the toppings were full of flavor. Very similar to a chipotle but without naturally raised meats and organic locally grown produce. Good not great...
5	I was hesitant to give five stars but I think based on its genre and quality of ingredients I had to tip my hat. My wife and I came here for a late night dinner and we're happy to discover their delicious specials including a local favorite called the "Tyler". I also have to mention the house made lemonade which was delicious. Especially the marionberry version which I had never tried previously. I hope more people recognize this awesome new place so we can keep it here in Phoenix.
5	Far and away the best pizza for the price! Great environment, super friendly staff, and delicious lemonade! If you don't like your pizza, it's because you didn't add the right toppings! Couldn't be happier with this place, come here almost twice a week!
5	Went here to try something new and had a bad experience but the pizza was great. The guy making my pizza had to ask me 4 separate times what I ordered which was mildly annoying but not a big deal. Then I noticed that he forgot what the guy in front of me ordered and put the wrong toppings on his pizza. They were all out of basil too which was an ingredient on two of the three pizzas that I ordered. I would have hoped the guy making the pizzas would tell me they were out of basil when I ordered instead of after the pizza was made. I felt they deserved three stars since the pizza was good (even without the basil) and the price seemed reasonable. The people however could use some help.
5	Went here to try something new and had a bad experience but the pizza was great. The guy making my pizza had to ask me 4 separate times what I ordered which was mildly annoying but not a big deal. Then I noticed that he forgot what the guy in front of me ordered and put the wrong toppings on his pizza. They were all out of basil too which was an ingredient on two of the three pizzas that I ordered. I would have hoped the guy making the pizzas would tell me they were out of basil when I ordered instead of after the pizza was made. The pizza was good (even without the basil) and the price seemed reasonable. The people working there however could use some help but management made up for it by reaching out.
4	The atmosphere is open and friendly. They use frozen pizza dough and yell your name once the pizza is done which is about 5 minutes. Besides that the pizza is tasty. The crust is cracker like but the toppings were full of flavor. Food is ordered Very similar to a chipotle but the food is not naturally raised meats and organic locally grown produce. Good not great...
5	Like other have said, it's the chipolte of pizza.  Awesome concept and the pizza is made really quick
5	I'm madly in love with this place. I make my own version of a margarita and I'm in heaven. Their tea is fantastic. It has easily become my favorite place to grab a bite. You get so much food and it is soooo good. Please try it out. You get to pick out and tell the employee EXACTLY how you want your pizza. And yes, I am that picky.
3	I don't get it? Why the five stars? Being from NY I know pizza. This is not great pizza. Is it because it is so fast? There is nothing wrong with the place but nothing to write home about either. I think of this place as the McDonalds of pizza. They advertise fast and it is.  I got a Mini Tristan and a salad and a drink and it cost 11 dollars. I don't know. That is not a cheap lunch for leaving hungry and fast food pizza. I did notice on the way out they had these cool looking Ice Teas and Lemonade. I was intrigued by the sound of a Caramel Pear Tea and the Blackberry Lemonade. They were both Delish. I would go back just for those if I was close by. Another annoyance, the place was dirty. It looked like it had been three months since they dusted the railings where the tables are connected to. ( They have been open for three months) I have to admit the staff members were very friendly. This strip mall has a lot of great options so not sure it will last.
2	I went here twice for work. The first time I had a thin crust pizza with goat cheese artichoke and balsamic dressing on it. My coworker had a pizza salad. The pizza dough did not have any flavor but the rest of the pizza tasted well. The line was long and the food came out quickly. My coworkers salad was fresh and crisp.
