5	Koby also came to my home and was very knowledgeable, personable, and professional. We had all of the doors re-keyed in our home. He showed up exactly on time and was done in two hours. One of the doors he could not re-key as the lock was too old. He tried every other option before resorting to having us buy a new lock. I have placed this company's name in my phone to call for anything else I need in the future. They also do locks on cars as well so they are not only for your home. I would highly recommend this company and be sure to ask for Koby.
5	Such a great locksmith. I called around 9:30 pm, and he was at my house within 39 minutes. Great customer service and reasonably priced. I would def use again in a heartbeat! Five stars all the way!
5	What a great service. I called at 5pm on the day I closed on my house and they made an appointment for me first thing the next morning. They rekeyed my entire large house which included ornate  antique locks,  commercial style gates, broken door handles; you name it. Koby was incredibly capable and professional and went above and beyond to assure the job was thoroughly done. The price was more than fair for the amount of work I had done. I will definitely use this firm anytime I need a locksmith in the future.
5	Very good guy, I use this company for my dental offices and my home.  Always picks up his cell, can get to you in a couple of hours usually.  Very fair pricing.He just finished with rekeying my new house, so I wanted to write this review before I forget!!  I will use again, and recommend to anyone!
5	We needed our locks changed in our office. Koby was a pleasure to deal with. He called before he arrived. He was courteous, efficient, and did a great job. The prices are fantastic. Same day service is unbeatable. Would not hesitate to call again. You will not be disappointed with this company.
5	I just bought a house and needed my doors re-locked.  Called around 9:30 and Toby was there by 1:00pm.  He was courteous, professional and knowledgeable.  Would definitely recommend him to anyone needing a great locksmith.Thanks!
5	Exceeded expectations. Koby was very professional and courteous. He was on time, worked efficiently and I was satisfied with his pricing. Definitely will use his services again. Highly recommend.
5	I called Silver Eagle Locksmith and they came out to look at my job right away.  I had a big house that needed a lot of inside locks and security door locks changed out.  Koby gave me very good recommendations for the job and a very competitive price.  He provided me with all new handles and dead-bolts that were top quality.  He did a great job.  He was very courteous, professional and knowledgeable about the whole job.  He even came out a week after he was done to adjust one of the doors that was difficult to open, not fault of his.  And he did it at no charge.  I highly recommend Silver Eagle Locksmith to anyone needing a locksmith.
5	AWESOME!  Kobi is a great guy.  I've worked with him twice now, the second time being a spur of the moment thing, and he had no problem accommodating my needs.  He's a very professional and articulate guy, and he makes sure you're satisfied with the work before he leaves.  I plan on having him back soon to install a safe.  Anytime I need a locksmith, I'll be calling Kobi at Silver Eagle.Bottom line, don't call anyone else, call Kobi, I promise you'll be happy that you did!
5	Koby the best and fastest locksmith. I had to go to work early and he had finished really fast. Highly recommend his services. Thanks silver Eagle Locksmith and Koby
5	Koby was very professional and arrived quickly.  I had misstated the amount of work that needed to be done but he did not seem to mind.  He was very friendly and I would use Silver Eagle again without hesitation.
5	My purse was stolen with my house keys inside.  Koby arrived to my house exactly on time the same day and re-keyed my entire house. He was professional, kind and seemed to really care about my safety.  Great experience!
5	This review is a couple of months overdue, but I still have to write and say that Koby is great! He got back to me quickly, gave me an excellent price, was super nice, and he even was able to make it to my new house on the same day I called. I wouldn't even consider using another locksmith. Koby is the best!
5	I needed my house re-keyed ASAP and Koby was able to accommodate the exact time that worked for me. He got the work done in a reasonable amount of time and the pricing was phenomenal for the amount of locks we needed done. I was apprehensive about having someone in my home for that long, doing work associated with the security of my house; however, Koby quickly put me at ease. Bottom line...he's a very nice guy and does great work for a great price. Definitely give him a call :)
5	Kobi gave me an honest estimate over the phone. Showed up, and did what he promised. Would use his services again.
5	You're probably like me. All of a sudden you need a locksmith and you find out there are about 5000 different ones around the valley. I did some searching, and settled on Silver Eagle. It was nothing urgent. I had some doors that weren't shutting right, etc. So I called them in the AM. They came by after I got off work and it took the tech about an hour to get everything done. The tech was clean-cut, well spoken and very professional in everything he did. Within the first few minutes of him being there, in my head I felt relieved knowing I had hired the right people. This is the first time I've ever had to hire a locksmith but should I need someone again, this is the company I will chose without hesitation. The price was right, too!
5	Kobi rekeyed my apartment couple months ago.  Locked myself out of my apartment at 1030pm on Sunday and did not have my phone. Good thing my friend was still in the parking lot. Had to go on yelp to find him because I only remember his name.  Thank you Kobi.
5	Great service and nice people...I would definitely use them again...
5	Called Kobi again to re-key new house.  Same great customer service, trustworthy and does great work.  This time I decided to get better quality locks and I could not be happier you can feel the difference and they look great too.
5	GREAT SERVICE!!  I had to get my locks changed on my house immediately and I called around and ended up going with Silver Eagle Locksmith.  Best decision!  Very professional and accommodating.  Would definitely recommend to others and will definitely use again!
5	Great service and very friendly!!  Also great price!!  I was quoted one price for standard builder grade locks, but apparently I have a grade 2 and the price went up a little bit.  But still a lot cheaper than the competition I had called in addition.  Koby was friendly and efficient, and called to let me know when he was on his way.  I'll recommend them to anyone who's in need of re-keying their home or any other locks!
5	Kobi's brother, Ezra arrived on time for our appointment to rekey my home. He gave me all my options, was efficient, and very personable. He even gave me other safety tips for securing my home. I am very happy with the service I received. The service and new locks were not cheap, but you don't want some unlicensed bozo installing low-end locks that puts your family's safety at risk. I will be calling them again if I need a locksmith.
5	Excellent service, and affordable price. I needed to re-key my locks, and it was a Saturday morning. I called about 6 am, at 8 am Ezra was already at my house.
5	This is long overdue, but I want to make sure to get this in. I pulled the blunders of all blunders... locked my keys in the car with the car running. I was at my home so it wasn't that big of a deal, I'll just run inside and grab the spare right??... BUT WHERE IS MY SPARE?? Already on my key chain that's in the car... I call Silver Eagle. Kobi was prompt. It was a Sunday and he was reasonable with his pricing. He was very gentle with my vehicle and I was on my way within a few minutes. I recommend to anyone who needs this service.
5	Just had seven locks re-keyed today by Silver Eagle Locksmith. They came on short notice, and was able to come at a specific time. They worked with me on the pricing and were very friendly and accommodating. They were professional, quick, and efficient. I would recommend them and use their services again.
4	Silver Eagle Locksmith is prompt, reliable and very professional. This is the second time I have had to call for their service. Once for my business, and now for my home. Kobi has helped us both times and provided excellent customer service with fair pricing. I do recommend Silver Eagle Locksmith to others and will continue to do so.
5	Kobi is a great locksmith. He came out at the time promised, told me exactly what the situation was and promptly re-keyed my lock and made me extra keys as well. He was very nice, easy to deal with and did not try to upsell me. I definitely recommend Silver Eagle to everyone!
5	We just moved into a new house and Ezra was insanely helpful, on time and extremely professional. Totally recommend! He's the best.
5	Nothing but great things to say a out Silver Eagle! They came to re-key our business a couple of months ago and were so prompt and efficient. We ended up having a problem with one of our locks this week and they came out to fix our lock that same day at no charge even though our warranty had expired. They are very friendly and reliable- we will def use them for all our locksmith needs and recommend them to everyone!
5	Perfect, superb job. Ezra was wonderful. Very professional!! I would definitely recommend them to anybody who needed help. They won't rip you off like other companies I work with (won't call any names). He's super knowledgeable about what you might need to make your place more secure and they're not trying to sell you any product or service you won't need. 10 thumbs up!!!!!
5	We had a problem with our rear door lock today and I checked Yelp for advice.  Noting Silver Eagle Locksmith's outstanding reviews, I gave them a call, explained the situation, and tried to arrange an appointment for the next day as there was no  emergency.  We agreed on a time and then Ezra asked, "Would it be OK to do it now?"  Why yes!Before a half hour passed, the doorbell rang and Ezra introduced himself.  He showed me his Las Vegas Metro Police locksmith ID and he gave me a business card.  He checked the door, saw the problem, and told me what he'd need to do to remedy the situation and the cost.Within 15 minutes of arriving, I had a new doorknob with the lock keyed to existing keys which made it so easy!  Now we don't have to worry about being locked out of our house in the back yard!Ezra was a very pleasant man.  I agree with my friend Arvin T. that I can recommend Silver Eagle to anyone.  The work is fantastic!!Thanks, Ezra!
5	Our business needed new locks and re-keys and Ezra came out exactly when he said he would to do all of the work same day.The service was excellent. Ezra worked quickly but focused on the details. One of our interior doors didn't close well and while he was fixing the lock he decided he would fix the door too. Without charging us extra he went above and beyond to give us great service.Prices were excellent too. I had an incredibly professional experience and will use him for all future work.
5	Great customer service and fair prices. Ezra was great he got her within 30 min or less and was able to open my lock quickly and efficiently. The prices were reasonable.
1	I called this company and told the gentleman on the phone that I had recently locked myself out of my home, and did they work on dead bolts. The guys exact response was "I am not available."         I swear there was no "I'm sorry we can't get to you today, but maybe...."    All the guys said was  "I'm not available."     I kind of chuckled and asked him "Ever?" to which he repeated exactly "I am not available. I think maybe he might have thought I was asking him out on a date or something, as that is the only scenario where his response was appropriate. Anyways I called another company and got someone out within 45 minutes from my call. (Check my reviews for details).All the current Five star reviews are confusing me...Definitely wasn't my experience. Maybe he is getting too big for his britches...
5	Everybody has a bad day, and in retrospect one star is a little harsh. This business owner showed character by reaching out to us via email so saying he should have handled it better. I don't believe his rating should be negatively affected since he owned it.
5	Saw all the great reviews and called them without even looking around for anybody else. Koby was great and provided excellent service. Would definitely recommend!
5	I just closed on a new home and was setting up appointments for the various services.  I called Silver Eagle on Friday to re-key my whole home expecting to set something up for Monday. But to my surprise they were available right away.  The two brothers were working hard picking locks and re-keying 9 doors in my home in the dark since electricity wasn't set up yet.  Even though it was late on a Friday Halloween I received very professional and knowledgeable service at a fair price.  These guys are very good and really care about what they do. A+
5	We called them out tonight after I locked myself our of my company vehicle and they were out within an hour. The price was very affordable even for afterhours service. Our locksmith was a very friendly Koby. I don't know if they allow you to request smiths, but Koby is a safe bet if they do.
5	Koby came to rekey my house.  He was very professional and worked quickly. He also came out right away after I initially contacted him.  I will definitely use them again!
5	I just bought my house and Ezra came exactly in the window that he gave me and re-keyed my locks inside of an hour!The service was excellent and I highly recommend Silver Eagle.  They also had a re-key special that I was able to use which brought the price down, beating their competition in all of the estimates that I had to date.  I will use them again for all of my locksmith needs for sure.
5	Polite. Friendly. Prompt. Easy to do business with. Accept debit/charge cards.  Definitely recommend! !!!!
5	These guys are honestly the best! That goes for their customer service, their prices, as well as the service. We got a deadbolt changed out for our tenants at half the price of the other guys. Not to mention I was able to meet up with the owner and pay for the service saving me a trip across town. I've been recommending them to everyone ever since. You can't beat getting both a great price and great customer service.
5	We recently changed out all the locks in our new home and my husband really liked the service we got from SIlver Eagle Locksmith. Communication was easy and services were completed same-day without any hassle. They made sure to match the locks to our current fixtures and let us know to keep our old locks that were still perfectly good. If anything comes up in the future, we will definitely reach out to them again.
5	We had a home lock-out upon our return from a late night cross-country trip.We called Silver Eagle Locksmith based on Yelp reviews, and we're not disappointed.Koby arrived within 30 minutes of our call. His vehicle and presentation was professional, and had us into the house within minutes. He is professional, timely, friendly. It was a good value for the service. I would recommend them without hesitation.
