5	I can't speak to the posting re: judges because I don't really know anything about that. I can say that is a great family friendly festival. When the weather cooperates, you could really spend hours and hours enjoying everything the festival has to offer. Don't expect healthy food because you surely won't locate it here. You will find a plethora of corn dogs, fried foods, funnel cakes, and don't forget to try the "chicken on a stick." (It's tasty, I swear)Parking is a major issue with this festival but they do try to accommodate the crowds with satellite lots that offer shuttle transportation to and from the entrance. Plan ahead and come early to try and scour some street parking. I think the artists they have are some of the best of the best. You can really enjoy a very wide variety of art work and very beautiful things while you explore the tents. The kids section has plenty for young children, lots of bouncy house type things and small carnival rides. Bring your family and enjoy the day.....!Although for a fun and romantical evening, I think coming in the evening is a great time too. A cool breeze, live musical performances, cotton candy to share....and all the lit tents surrounding the lake. Its a really nice time.
4	Charlotte's grande dame of festivals has to be the Festival in the Park.Reaching their 46th year in 2010 makes it far and away the longest-running event in the area.  Not only is it a South Carolina mother (14) ahead of any other event in the area (Yiasou Greek Festival), it's may be the largest as well, spreading out around the lake in Freedom Park.  The only one that may compare is the Renaissance Festival, but as it is not really in the city, it has an excuse for being so much larger.While your neighborhood festivals like Matthews Alive and Mint Hill Madness take up a good amount of space on their own, the walk around the lake to take in everything at this Festival not only gives you more exhibits, but allows them to spread out nicely as well.  Though generally well-attended, having the entire lake gives everyone some nice elbow room, rather than breaking into fights over funnel cakes.Most exhibitors are broken into fairly common themes, with food stuffs in one area, artists in another, and so on.  But you will find some arrangements scattered throughout, meaning if you miss the food court at the entrance, you can still pick up an Italian ice on the far side of the lake.Definitely worth checking out, even though quality seems to have gone down a bit lately.
4	This is an art festival... which isn't exactly my cup of tea.  Yet I love festivals in general and I have to say walking around Festival in the Park at night is the best!  The lights hanging around the tents reflect into the pond, giving Freedom Park a romantic side that we seldomly get to see.  This year the weather sucked.  Walking around in wet grass wasn't appealing but I managed it :)  I see that they have seperated the food area out but let me warn you, there was one better sauage dogs option than the big one right smack in the middle of the food area!  Don't regret it like I did!  It was too late for me to bail when I got that deer-in-the-headlight look after I asked if they have cheese sauce and chili for my polish dog.  I wasn't speaking Greek... chili is legit for a dog.One interesting find we discovered was the waffle ice cream/cheesecake sandwich stand all the way out by the kids playground area.  It's exactly what I said, 2 freshly made rectangular waffle on the outside, with ice cream bar (dipped in chocolate and sprinkles if you wish) in the middle.  Or try a frozen cheesecake.  We had both, and somehow my boyfriend managed to eat 1.5 of this thing AND a funnel cake.  He proceeded to be on sugar high for the next hour afterward.  I look forward to coming back here year after year... I do wish organizer does a better job with parking/shuttle option.  They can learn something from the Greek Festival for sure!
4	Oh, Festival In the Park - I love thee! As always, a Fall favorite in Charlotte brought the good stuff this year from local and national artisans. Whether you want to have some fried Snickers, buy a $2000 painting, a $20 painting, or get your face painted while listening to a jam band, it's all at FITP.Good things to note about it:1. Prepare to walk from your car to the park - it gets busy and you'll have to park on side streets OR you can use one of the uber convenient shuttles from Holy Trinity Middle School or St Ann's Church (both on Park Rd close by)2. If it's rained, don't wear your good shoes. Obviously this is all set up at the park so if it's rained hard, the ground tends to get a bit puddly so it's definitely a No-Suede zone.3. Bring the kids (in a stroller)! Bring the Dogs (on a leash)! But only if they're well behaved ;)4. Bring some cash - not all vendors accept CC, especially for the lower priced itemsIf you're around Charlotte at the end of September, it's worth going - I like it best at night when all the lights are on and reflecting in the lake. A great place for a stroll, anytime of year of course!
5	Festival In the Park is a Charlotte tradition located at Freedom Park. I've been going just about every year since I was in high school. This year is no different. The wife & I hit it up on Friday evening. Tons of arts & crafts, lots of food, good music & a plenty of people watching. I got to sample some local ice cream from Mooresville's own Front Porch, had a very flavorful falafel & of course you can't go to Festival in the Park without having a funnel cake. We bought a couple things & ran into a few old friends. I love this place!
3	You always know what to expect with Festival in the Park.  Lots of crowds, many many art vendors, fair food and no parking.  There are performances from local groups and schools too!  If you are lucky it will be a gorgeous sunny day that isn't too hot.We took a blanket this year and just people-watched which is always fun here.     Freedom Park is a great place to hang out and watch the doggies sniff each other's butts.  Always a great time but glad it is just once a year!
3	This past weekend I went to Festival in the Park with the family and boy was it a reminder of how much Charlotte has grown!The weather was perfect so that combined with all the events they have made for a decent crowd but not so crowded so that we couldn't find a nice shade tree to rest under for a few hours.Vendors everywhere, multiple stages with plays, music, etc. going on all around will keep you as busy as you want to be!
5	One of the loveliest festivals I've ever been too. Love the local artists and beautiful scenery that come together to make this such a beautiful event.
5	Festival in the Park is such a great time and an excellent way for local artists to demostrate their talents!! It is a yearly event. However, they do a smaller scale event in the spring off of Kings Drive. We came on Sunday to check out the event. Parking:Parking isn't the best. There was an auxilary lot but they charged $10 to park. Considering that we only had $9 of cash on hand (see payment section below for more about making this poor decision), we went to park in one of the neighborhoods around the park. We actually found a great spot on the street that was close to the park and free! Just have to be patient.Vendors:There are vendors selling everything from sculptures to clothes to jewelry and more. The prices range from super cheap to out of this world expensive. I liked just walking around the pond and checking out all the cool things people could make....partly because I have zero artistic talent whatsoever. Food:Typical fair food. We got a bbq sandwich and some deep fried something (I mean come on...who can resist!). Plus, there were some booths giving away free samples. One of them had this pork and slaw slider for free that was awesome!Payment:Most of the vendors took card. It is so easy now cause you can just use your phone or tablet. Every vendor we bought something from took card. However, the food places were all cash only. Thus, we ended up in a predicament where we were having to decide between a delicios rootbeer in a can or deep fried oreos. My husband actually tried to get less oreos for less money but that was a big old no go....though, who really needs 6 deep fried oreos anyways!!! So bring a little bit of cash and save yourself the hassle. I did notice that they had mobile ATMs stationed around the place. However, being a banker, I just couldnt justify the stupid crazy transaction fees that they were gonna charge you!
