4	The drive through is open until 3. Oh sweet savior of late night chicken wings. Strangely however there is no menu posted at the drive-through so we decided to go inside...but it was closed. What to do?No problem. Jeramiah let us inside to order and even offered to let us stay and eat. The wings were magnificent. Crispy but not overdone with delicious sweet spicy sause of some kind.Jeramiah was a bit discontent with his job and wanted to share. I was in just the right mood to really enjoy his ramblings about his superiors. He was super personable and after taking the order went back to cook it up himself.Did I mention the wings rocked? The sandwich was pretty good, but the wings really drive the stars up, and right across the street from my apartment! No more mushy dominoes hot wings for this guy.
5	Unique, fresh and damn good. Unique, they are called Steakenburger, they combine a good burger with a good cheese steak. Nuff said Fresh, The bun...oh the buns. Fresh local bakery, sliced when ordered, light and spongy. I am a bun kinda guy. Damn good, The two slices of cheese, the two thin patties and the cheese steak fixins, all wrapped in "the bun" The beef was fresh, Thin but fresh, not frozen. Served with skin on huge steak frys.... damn good. I too wanted a second burger, but opted for 31 flavor for dessert instead.
5	6 hours later, I still taste the cheesesteak. That's not nearly as bad as it sounds. I had some trepidation about trying it with whiz (white american being my choice), but it turned out to be surprising mild and did not interfere at all with the awesomeness that was the meat and grilled onion taste. Probably better than any cheesesteak I've had since leaving the east coast. The fries, very thick cut and skin on are good, but could use a tiny amount of seasoning. The roll, while soft, was basically an afterthought for me. It did fine to sop up some of the grease. I understand their burgers are top notch as well, but the cheesesteak was so good I'm going to have trouble breaking away and trying something else. Perhaps one day I'll starve myself and drive over with a bottle of Lipitor and have at it.
2	Open letter to business owners everywhere:Watch out!  Your dream is in jeopardy.  All that you'd hoped for, all that you've worked for, is reliant upon one key factor, over which you have only scant control -- you somehow need to get your hourly wage employees to either believe in your same mission, or at least be able to fake it for the paycheck.  How you do that is part of your undertaking as a small biz owner, but you simply must figure out a way to do it.It just won't do to have a super original idea with great potential (such as the delightful SOUNDING Steakenburger idea) ruined by careless execution (such as the ironic twist of having the SHAVED RIBEYE STEAK portion of the conglomeration OVERCOOKED and OVERSEASONED, ie burnt and salty, while the GROUND CHUCK portion is barely even cooked to a state of RARE.  Shouldn't it have been the other way around -- well done ground meat and rare steak -- at least  for food-safety's sake?).A wonderful thing like 'fresh-cut fries with sea-salt' looks good on paper (or the menu board).  However it's a menu item that's tough to execute well, and a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers did not look so good on my plate, nor taste like much more than a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers.Business owner, I know you can't be everywhere at once, so aside from standing behind them watching at every moment, there must be a way to instill in employees some portion of the excitement you feel about sharing your idea with the world.If you can't inspire a little bit of this quality in them, they won't instill enough quality in your food, no matter how creatively and thoughtfully the menu/recipe was formed.Sadly, many wonderful dreams have ended when the owner gets a rude wake-up call that their brainchild wasn't nurtured attentively enough.
3	We drive by this place on our way to work every morning.  Every time I look at it, I just laugh.  The name cracks me up.  We finally decided to stop by after work last Friday for a quick bite.The girl at the counter was very nice and efficient.  The menu  (for SteakenBurger) consists of either Cheesesteaks or Burgers with a few chicken items thrown in for good measure.  I felt like getting the whole experience and ordered The Steakenburger.  This is a interesting concoction of a double cheeseburger with a little bit of Philly Cheesesteak business piled on top of that.  It sounds ridiculous, I know.  It came with fries and a drink too.  The fries were greasy, but perfect for dipping in ranch.  The burger was also greasy but I think it needed some changes.  First, get rid of the extra hamburger patty and put more cheesesteak on it.  Also, instead of provolone cheese, drown that baby in cheese whiz.  That's the way it's supposed to be right?Anyway, it's a weird place.  I may stop by again, but who knows.  I've had better burgers, but these are A-OK.
3	I had been waiting to go to Steakenburger since I found out they opened, and last week I finally had the opportunity to pick up lunch and meet the wife at work.  As such, I chose the convenience route and went through the drive-thru.  Two cars waiting for their orders, no wait for the speaker.  The gal taking the order was quite friendly and I put in my order for a regular philly with whiz.  NO fries, as I have learned in my life that generally speaking, when you have a killer cheesesteak, why waste precious stomach room on fries???  Seemed like it took a little while for the cars in front of me to get their orders, so I figured mine would be up quickly, seeing as I had spent all that time in the queue already.  Imagine my surprise when the guy at the register wanted to verify what my order was...not a great sign.  All in all, from ordering to receiving the food, it was close to 10 minutes, which is okay, but could be a little bit faster.Got to the destination and sat down to enjoy the sandwich...it was nicely wrapped up not only in paper, but foil as well, which was a good touch as it helped keep the sammich warm.  The bread was good as well and the cheez whiz was nice and cheezy.  The steak was good for the most part, however, right in the middle there was a big piece of fat/gristle that I was not a fan of.  Overall, I'd say I was...whelmed.  I mean, I really wanted to love their phillys.  I thought it was good, not great.  Good thing was that for the most part, it got better as I ate it, which I like.  (They are definitely a far cry from the best philly cheese steak I've had in my life, which was from Steak Stuffers USA in Tulsa OK...yes, you read that right) I certainly will give them another try though.  3.5 stars rounded down to 3.  Knocked down due the wait, the gristle and  lack of wow.  (Side note:  I don't like the combo restaurant thing...can't you be one or the other, maybe this is what led to the long wait?).
5	Without question, the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had! The ambiance is still changing/improving since the new owners took over,  but if you're looking for a mean, big guy loving Philly, you've come to the right place. Their homemade thick fries are great too. Just the right amount of sea salt. I got the Steaken combo with CheeseWhiz, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. I was stuffed! The owner asked me to name one thing I would change or that could improve and I couldn't think of anything. I've eaten here before and this was as good as I've gotten. Not sure what the other review is talking about.
5	Open letter to restaurant customers everywhere (especially Yelpers):The inc.com article recently discussed in Yelp Talk makes good points about the serious impact that Yelp can have on a business, positive or negative.http://www.yelp.com/topic/tempe-new-article-on-yelphttp://www.yelp.com/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inc.com%2Fmagazine%2F20100201%2Fyouve-been-yelped.htmlDespite any controversy the article also may have included, I realize the importance of being a responsible reviewer more after reading it, and hope I can share that feeling and understanding with you now.Especially when it comes to independent, unique, one-of-a-kind places -- would you really want your favorite local flavor to disappear because a yelper or two didn't like a particular server's muffintop or tone of voice?With that in mind, I must humbly take on a review Update that 's weighed heavily on my soul for some time.Several months after my initial review of Steakenburger, I received a note from the owner, Tom.  He sent a personal message instead of a public comment, and did NOT at all make the mistake some proprietors do by responding in an angry or condescending tone to my critiques.  Instead I found the response to be brimming with *CLASS*.I received a sincere and heartfelt letter apologizing for my experience and asking a chance for redemption.  If you read below, you can see that they took the review and steps to address its criticisms VERY SERIOUSLY.I would like to invite all Yelpers to remember to give second chances and update their reviews often, even the bad ones, whenever appropriate to do so.  Sometimes things go wrong that are outside of the biz's control.Sometimes a rogue server is having a pissy day and takes it out on you.Sometimes they just make a mistake.We all do.  And we always want another chance, don't we?  Ask us and we'll tell you we DESERVE it, too.   -----------------------------------------------------------------"Ryan C-My name is Tom Philp, owner of SteakenBurger.First, I am bummed about your bad experience.  With that said, I truly appreciate your candid feedback.  I cringe every time I re-read your experience (which is often), but I believe your review has made us a better restaurant.While we are still hiring from the human race, and will make mistakes, I'd like to believe that we listen to our critics and respond with systemic adjustments to prevent future similar occurrences.I have waited some time to respond to insure that I felt comfortable that we had improved our processes and consistency.  I'd like to invite you back for a do-over ....I've read all of your reviews and know that I could get skewered again if we fail you, but also feel that we would get a favorable review IF (and only IF) it is warranted.  At the risk of your wrath, I invite you back. Thank you for your consideration of this invitation.Tom & Judie PhilpSteakenBurger"---------------------------------------------------The folks at Steakenburger are a class act, and I wish them great luck in their tough business endeavors.Steakenburger earned their redemption, and they highly DESERVE it! I went back for the food, becasue it is unique and fresh and tasty.  The Steakenburger was a delicious meat-pile, cooked to ideal doneness, and yet still juicy without feeling greasy.  The homecut fries seem to be double fried now, or something, becasue they had a crisp outside while retaining a potatoey mushiness inside -- perfectly cut thick with the skins on.  Homecut fries are hard to crisp up, and they've done a wonderful job with this recipe.  There are ten different flavors of wings (let's see if I can remember them: mild, med, hot, suicide, zombie (?!?), bbq, honey bbq, honey hot, habanero, damn i fell short!) and there is even a neat challenge to eat a certain number of habanero wings within an hour and get your picture on the wall of fame.  I'm sure Adam Richman has this one on his radar allready for a future MvF.  Steakenburger is way more deserving than some of the junk that's been on DDD, too (Chino Bandido, blech)In summary: GO TO STEAKENBURGER !
2	Not much flavor in The steak sandwitch, lots of meat but not a lot of taste, very expensive for lunch, we spent $20.00 for the 2 of us. Atmosphere not good for dinner. Just a lunch joint and not that good, probably won't go back
2	This place is way overpriced, as far as the steakenburger part goes.  Bread's meh, the philly steak is meh, all in all - meh...  But very overpriced.  Think 8 bucks for a steakenburger (burger with philly meat as well) fries and drink.
2	I had craved for some greasy and fried foods.  I figured since I have a coupon and it was near my work; let's give SteakenBurger/Long Wongs a try. The joint is simple with two TV's on the wall and good amount of tables for the lunch crowd.  It wasn't crowded at 1PM.  It's probably never crowded.  I had ordered a combo regular original philly steak + mushrooms with Cheez Whiz ($7.24) with sub for mushroom ($1.75 extra) instead of fries, and small drink ($1.75).  I didn't get my mushroom, but got zucchini instead.  I didn't realize that they gave me zucchini until I took a bite.  As for the sandwich, no flavor at all, just the Cheez Whiz dripping all over.  I do give them having good ice teas.  The total of my combo was little over $11.00 with tax.  Ouch!  I am glad that I had a coupon to use.  I certainly had better philly steak sandwiches for that price.
2	Being that I work in the area, I had to try Steakenburger after reading good reviews on here.  My first visit last month was awesome.  I ordered a steaken (philly cheesesteak) sandwich with cheese whiz which was mighty tasty and very generous with the meat.  The fries were wonderful large cut steak fries and extremely fresh.Because of this marvelous experience, I decided to go there again last week.  This time I tried the 2x2 which is a double cheese burger.  The burger was wonderful - perfectly cooked, fresh lettuce, tomato and red onion and very fresh bun, although I wish it would have been better toasted.  The fries this time...a disaster.  It was obvious that whoever the fry cook was, put old fries back into the fryer to warm them up.  They were disgusting.  I brought them back through the drive thru and the woman cut me off as I was explaining to her that you should never re-heat old fries back in the oil.  She just said pull ahead and she would give me new fries.  So I did.  And I waited at the window for over 5 minutes thinking oh good, I'm going to get new fresh fries.  I got another basket of old, hard rocks.The gentleman who wrote the review and had feedback from the owner has it spot on.  The owner needs to take account of his employees.  This concept is such a good one and could thrive in this town, just so long as the employees give a fraction of a sh*t.Dear Mr. Owner, re-train your fry cook or fire him!
3	Sooooo tired of the same ole fast food choices.  Based on reviews tried Steaken/Burger.  Fries were great old style chunk fries.  Hamburger was juicy and tasty but didn't like the bun at all.  Service was good.  If the owner could relocate to a smaller, busier location more likely to reap the benefits for their tastiness.
4	Went there Sunday 8-29-10 with my two kiddos.I had gone with the pure intention of trying out the supposedly fiery "Hellza-Poppin'" burger, with Pepper Jack, Jalapenos, and Habanero sauce.  I love hot and spicy foods to a fault.The burger was indeed a little spicy.  Nothing overly hot, however, as it did not have my face sweating or have me craving a glass of milk, which REALLY hot food does to me.If you are the dude among your friends (as I am) who is known as the "king of eating hot stuff" you might be a little disappointed in the Hellza-Poppin' burger.Summing up the Hellza-Poppin':  Tasty, but not a volcano in your mouth.You definitely taste the heat, but it's not overwhelmingly hot.  Unless you are a hot food wussy, in which case you should stay away from this burger.If I were to "scale" this burger on a heat scale, basing it on other places in town you can get TRULY HOT food (Los Dos Molinos, Arriba's side order of Hatch chiles) I would have to put it on about a 6.5 out of 10.My daughter had the original Steakenburger and was not overly impressed either.  Adding the shaved steak to the two patties did not really make the burger better.  The shaved steak actually tasted kind of stale to me when I tried it.  Maybe it was a little bit old.The wings were very good, though.  My son had the "mild" and he loved them.Onion rings were also above average.We'd go back, maybe just for the wings.
3	After my review criticizing the bun got a personal email from owner of restaurant telling me that he taste tested the bun and agreed.  He discovered that a new person was on the line baking his buns and was not letting them sufficiently proof.  Says the problem is fixed and invited me back.  Will go back sometime but I'm like a food butterfly - on to the new adventure before I revisit the old.
3	I come by here every so often.  I usually have the 2x2 with some wings and quite a bit of Diet Coke (out of guilt due to the high cholesterol and calorie count) attributed to the food here.  I am not a big fan of fast food, but I make an exception here.The wings are good and the burgers are good.  The atmosphere is well.....fast food.The menu is somewhat lengthy and confusing - the SteakenBurger vs. Long Wongs - or a combination?  It always takes me a few minute although I order the same thing each time.From my experience, the staff are courteous.Give it a try.........
5	Coming through PHX on my way home to So. Cal. ,it was time for Dinner.I didn't want a sit down, give a tip,or have good table manners,  we just wanted a drive thru.  My wife spotted a bill board with " Steaken Burger" on it and we just had to stop. Hey, this place was very good, in fact we split the wings, and a burger with fries. The meat  was cooked perfect and  the wing's were spot on. Here in So. Cal we just got a 5 Guys around the corner , but your SteakenBurger kills .LUCKY YOU !!!T
4	Good cheese steak + good cheeseburger=SteakenBurger What else could we hope to see? Good sushi + good pancakes=SushiCakes Good Thai food + good omelet=ThOmelet Good Schwarma + good BBQ=SchwarBQGood doughnuts + good custard=DoughTurdI can see we wouldn't want to go too far with this concept but it's working for SteakenBurger.I could have sworn I wrote a review of this place months ago. Are some of my reviews disappearing? The Yelp can't just give my reviews away because I have so many! So SteakenBurger is a pretty solid sandwich place with big portions. Consider sharing a sandwich and fries here, you can always go back for more. If they were closer to home I would go back. Ryan C's review brought me in when I was in the neighborhood. The atmosphere is pretty basic, service was friendly and the food was pretty good and reasonable.
3	This was my first pick up order from Steaken Burger/Long Wongs during my lunch hour as my co-workers have ordered wings and the phenomonal smell always filled the area, so thanks to the folks at Groupon, I tried the place and we placed a pick up order.  The staff was very helpful in placing the phone order and the food was ready promptly when we arrived.  I had ordered the steaken with provolone, green peppers mushrooms and a side of onion rings.  The onion rings were some of the best, probably #2 I've had in the valley.  I don't eat them all the time, but when I'm in the mood, nothing like a side of onion rings.  These were huge and had the perfect amount of breading and onion.  The steaken was ok, I mean it's huge on a 9 inch hoagie roll, but there should be like a choice of wheat or sourdough, and ummm where is the provolone and mushrooms?  BTW-something else is missing on this-- flavor.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but I'd much rather have a 6 inch sandwich that has some shi-bang flavor than a 9 inch with ok flavor. On a sidebar, when I pay extra for additional items on the sandwich I should be able to see them.  All in all, though I'll give this place another shout, maybe if I get their cheez-wiz next time I'll actually see the cheese.
3	Ordered a 14" chez pizza, 18 hot wings, 6 plain wings, tons of ranch on the side. $21.xx. She charged me $25-something, which seemed a lot more than $13+$7 for the items on the website, which she then later adjusted. Ohhhkayyy.The cheese pizza came out hot and fresh. Lots of cheese. Good crust. Decent sauce, but I doubt it was made in-house.The weird thing was that the core of the pizza was thin crust but there was a very thick end crust. CONFUSSSINNNNG! Hot wings were doused in hot sauce, and were actually hot. Wayyyy too much sauce though. They're wings, not fish. Wings were ok, but there was a LOT of meat on the bone.I paid peanuts for food that will last me a full day, so while not amazing, it was mos'def great value. RECOMMEND unless you demand the very best pie.
3	We went here to grab something quick because it was late and our kids were tired. They have a drive through so and its close to home so we stopped. That being said we both got a philly steaken burger and they are huge, we could have shared one. They also give you a large amount of fries, enough to share as well. The food wasn't great but was not bad either. Just another philly cheese steak sandwich nothing stood out enough to make me say that I would go back.
4	Went to this place over the weekend and ordered 12 wings for pickup.  I only had the wings this time around and they were very good.  You can usually pull around the drive through but there was a car in front of me so I opted to enter the restaurant instead.  The owner was at the cash registered and from placing my order over the phone with a female employee to my encounter with the staff when I arrived and despite them being busy was great.  The customer service experienced this time around was way better than a previous experience I had in the begging of the year.  I will be returning for the wings which I enjoyed very much!
5	Heard about this place from Barry Young on KFYI and I am so glad they are a sponsor of the show. Awesome burgers made to order with fresh toppings. They were good and greasy. The fries are amazing as well. A+!
5	They tried to kill me, and I love them for it.  When a company posts a wing challenge usually covertly by  using terms fire, insanity,suicide or death wings I have to try it.Nearly every place using those terms in the valley are liars. If it's a chain restaurant Suicide wings =  a penguin's dangly bits. I am one of those idiots that frequents hot-sauce forums, sites and other places where my legal high can be obtained or discussed with those similarly afflicted so I took them up on the $15 challenge to eat 10 in 10 minutes, prize for 2 hours of speaking in tongues and humming a Johnny Cash tune?  Picture on wall and T-shirt plus not having to do it again:) The wings are caked in a habanero reduction that is more a  volume of heat eaten rather than insanely hot. Try it.It's awesome way to spend  20-30 minutes:D Thankfully they have more affordable, livable, Zombie wings for those times you have enough T Shirts in your wardrobe but still need that kick. Their Hellzapoppin burger is rather good too.  Nice people,been in several times and orders have been quick, hot, correct and the food is a great value for money. 5/5  purely on heat  4/5  on food..5/5 value  So 4.7 stars rounded up:)
4	I hear the commercials on Barry Young in the morning all the time and decided to make the drive out today to give the place a try.  I had expected it to on the upscale side because of the advertising that they do, but the place has a bright but divey feel to it,  That is fine with me.  The place was clean and I wouldn't hesitate to bring my family.My friend and had the 2&2 with iced tea.  They have fresh brewed sweetened and not sweetened.  The tea is good but not fantastic.  The burger was nice, the patties are a little thin but not ridiculously so like Freddy's.  The fries are a thicker cut natural and fresh fry.  They are light on the inside with a slight crisp on the outside.  Above average for fresh fries in the area but similar to Five Guys (but not with the ridiculous amount you get at 5 Guys).  The food was cheap at under $14 for both orders.  There is beer, they have cans of San Tan beers, some of the macro brews in bottles and Bud and Bud Lite on tap.The owner was working the counter and seems like a nice guy that is putting out good product.
4	This place is good for a solid, artery clogging cheesesteak.  I popped in here tonight after a stressful day and picked up a philly and some fries.  You can get it "wit wiz" here which is a detail that a lot of places in Phoenix miss when they're trying to replicate a good cheesesteak.That being said, it ain't philly, but it's good for Phoenix and the price.  It's super filling and delicious enough so that you wolf it down fast enough that you regret eating it.Domestic beers here are pretty cheap too!The one detractor is the customer service.  I've been here a few times and it's really hit or miss.  Never been terrible but sometimes can be a little far from awesome.  Still though, it's fast food right?Check it out!!!!
4	I like burgers.  I like cheesesteak.  I really, really like them together!A Steakenburger is pretty much what the name implies - a burger, with steak and cheese.  Grilled rib eye, and provolone to be exact.  Oh, and lettuce and tomato so you can try and tell yourself you are getting in a serving of veggies.  Sounds a bit strange, but it will delight your inner carnivore!  Feeling extra hungry?  Go for the double, with two beef patties.  I like mine without the grilled onions.  Juicy, beefy goodness.  Unlike many fast food restaurants, where everything comes from a bag or can, Steakenburger tries to make many of their items in-house.  This includes creating fries by cutting Actual Potatoes and making their own chili (that takes 6 hours!).  Put those fries and chili to good use by ordering the chili cheese fries.  Plenty to share and made with your choice of cheddar cheese or cheez whiz (go for the cheddar!).  The chili is just how I like it, without beans.  The fries are a bit greasy, but let's be honest.  You are not visiting somewhere with a name like 'Steakenburger' because your cardiologist recommended it.    :)
4	Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.
4	Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.My friend and I both enjoy this place, the burgers and fries a good, the people are nice, too.  I just wish the iced tea was a little better.   I am editing this review to add a comment that SteakenBurger actually had 7 cheese choices, not just American.  That is great news.
5	Get the steakenmonster.  Not sure if it's still on the menu, but it's one pound of ribeye as a cheesesteak.  Super tasty for leftovers.  Good pizza.  Good bar food appetizers and wings.  The best deal here is the draught beer.  $6 for a 64 ounce pitcher of B or BL is the best deal around.
5	Still great.  Just had pizza for the first time last weekend.  It's excellent.  Seems a little greasy so keep an extra pitcher of beer at your table to wash it down.  Tasty crust and toppings.
2	I took two family members with me.  We ordered steak subs, soda and split one order of fries.  About $38...everyone was dissatisfied with price and steak sandwich.  We won't be returning.
4	WOW! What a over the top burger! I had the Steakenburger meal, thinly sliced steak with cheese on a burger. Very fresh, service was quick and friendly. The fries are fresh cut,thick and crispy. You could easily split this meal and have plenty of food. They're not the cheapest, but the quality is well worth it. I couldn't eat there that often or my arteries would surly clog. They have salads, but when you go there, salad? what's the point. Eat, enjoy, worry about your cholesterol later!
4	I have to thank the "nearly famous" Barry Young Show on KFYI for telling me about this place.  On every one of their "wine and cheeseburger" Fridays they mention Steakenburger.When my family and I were in the neighborhood recently, I was checking out to see what businesses were nearby on Yelp and I saw Steakenburger pop up at the top of the list.  We had just eaten a few hours before, but I immediately asked my wife, "Oooh, can we go to Steakenburger?"  My confused spouse wondered why I wanted to eat again, but was willing to drive us over so I could give this place a shot.Didn't expect it to be like a fast food joint with a drive-thru and everything.  The biggest complaint that I have about this place is that the drive-thru must have taken in excess of 20 minutes from order to getting your bag of food.  This wasn't good, but the food was. I only got a single patty burger as I wasn't especially hungry.  The patty had a great grilled taste, but was overwhelmed by the really bready "artisan" bun.  Still enjoyable.  The fries were real potato, which is always a plus--nice and tasty too.  My daughter liked the fried pickles.To be honest, I really didn't give Steakenburger as much of a chance that I could have.  A single burger just can't do it justice.  I'm going to give four stars for now.  I will be back when I'm extra hungry and ready to eat something big and juicy.  Details at 11. . .
3	ekkk, I'll go here because it's near my school I like there Philly cheese steak and fries! Philly is really good and fries are great if you are not on a diet. They deliver and they have tons of parking, place is not that clean tho.
5	You will not find a cheesesteak (from Goodyear to Chandler) that is anything like the one they serve here. I have tried multiple places in AZ throughout the past 20 years and this is where you will find the real deal.  My daughter always orders wings and pizza or chicken strips, bottom line is there is something for everyone.
3	Good food, but 14 minutes in drive through at 830 with 4 employees to get a chx sandwich. Will go again though.
4	Heard about SteakenBurger from a friend and was not disappointed. Food was great, cheap, fast. You cant go wrong with that combination. Defiantly give it a shot if you are thinking about going you will be glad you did.
4	Great place, I go there for lunch at least twice a week. Honey Hot and Honey BBQ are the best and cheap too. Fries can be a little soggy sometimes, it just depends on the day I guess. Overall good food and good prices.
3	More cheese on that Philly...I order extra every time still not enuff...delivery Guy goose rocks!!
3	Heard about this place on one of my favorite morning talk radio shows and decided to give them a shout out. Been here a few times in the past when in the area and hungry for some grub.This is your basic Burgers, Wings, Cheesesteaks, Pizza, and deep fried vittles joint. They even offer a few items that go coco crazy spicy. One is called the Diego Dave's Habanero Wingz Challenge. If you can finish 10 wingz in under 10 minutes you will get a free T shirt and your photo on the wall.We have tried the Zombie Wingz, the HellzaPOPPIN Double Cheese Burger, a couple of the Steaken Philly Sandwiches and a few of the different deep fried Appetizers. We both thought the food was pretty good but not outstanding. Kinda like a Dairy Q on steroids and then some.Service is friendly and helpful. Give them visit and go SPICY if you dare. I could just buy their Spicy Habanero Hot Sauce and put it on some Ice Cream. Might even rub a little on my sore knee. OH YEAH!3.5 STARS
2	I'm very hard at reviews so let me tell you this burger didn't really had much flavor to it I got a bacon cheese burger with guacamole and mushrooms  lettuce tomato and pepper jack cheese it had a lot of cheese but nothing really had flavor it lacked of flavor and the fries I got were a bit soggy and they were somewhat too salty to eat alone. I got small fries and a coke I uploaded a pic of the burger! Check it out oh and the customer service was decent I mean I was in drive thru so not much to say
1	Would give less starts if available. Was DISGUSTED from pulling into the parking lot  to walking out.  Parking lot & outside appearance is dirty, run down looking. Restroom was filthy, old, graffiti, unsanitary but that's not the worst part.  An employee was smoking in the restroom while using the stall! As a non smoker walking into a tiny smoke filled restroom is the worst. Also the employee did NOT wash his hands for the state mandated time.  Would have complained to the manager but had no idea who they were. The counter person acted as if they did not want to help me. I told her I had never been there before & didn't know what they had. Her only response was 'ok'.  Was only 7 people in the place & it took an unnecessarily long time to get my food. Almost every table was dirty. Had to clean off my own table. Drinks station was filthy & didn't work properly.  Fries were limp, bland, gross. Burger bun smelled like fish. Had to remove it.  I didn't want to spend any second longer than I needed to in that place so didn't complain to anyone. Not like it would have done any good. The employees seem like they are being tortured by working there.  How is place even still in business?Do Not go to steakenburger! Do NOT go to steakenburger!
4	Ordered wings and Philly with Cheez Whiz and Chocolate shake.I am undecided on the Philly though. Tasted very salty to me. I have not had Cheeze Whiz for years and cannot remember if it is that salty or if the beef was overly seasoned. Next time I will have provolone instead of the Whiz. Wings and shake were both spot on.
2	I really love the burgers at this place, and I used to love the fries. They were always fresh and seasoned with sea salt. Unfortunately tonight I got the most disgusting fries, they were clearly cooked in old oil, and I almost want to venture to say they were frozen fries. I asked for fresher fries, and was given the same ones basically reheated in the same nasty oil. I am not a dramatic person, so believe me when i say I nearly threw up. I haven't tried the burger I bought yet to see if the quality has diminished in that attends too, but I really do feel like this fries situation might be enough to end my relationship with steakenburger. It's really too bad.
5	Excellent hamburgers and sandwiches and of course wings. Every time I've been here I have not been disappointed.  I tried the fried pickle burger which was delicious.  They were not to packed so we received our food fairly quick.This is close to work si I will be returning again.
1	McDonalds has burgers with more flavor then this place...  Literally no taste to it... And the "bacon" looked more like bits of vomit... Graphic yes but that's all that could come to mind after attempting to eat this thing. Just say no.... Trust me your off going to McDonalds, Burger King... Or Wendy's and Ordering from the $1 menu.
5	Just happened to be driving by and hungry. I looked up the menu online before going through the drive through. I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich (medium), and a small chef salad.It was amazing. The flavor of the chicken was spot on the way I like it. and the bun was amazingly soft and toasted. The chef salad was huge! Full of fresh produce. I cannot wait to try more of the menu, but I don't eat out very often, but this will be my next stop. That was over a week ago, so now that I write this, I think I am going to have to hit it up again today! Thank you for the wonderful food!
4	If there's one thing I love with my Buffalo wings, it's a good side of fries, veggie sticks and good ol' Bleu cheese to dip them in!I'm all for bar food and hell, I sure do love me some good fried chicken so is it so hard to believe that this place makes a good batch of wings for a good price? Pretty much! Reading the reviews made me hesitant to try this place, but to be honest it's cheap and the food is actually good ... for what it is anyhow!I ordered the meal with 6 wings, Medium hot, with small fries and a small drink. Came out to be around $5. The wings were meaty, not too dry, good crisp skin and the sauce was awesome. I dislike over vinegary Buffalo Wing sauce, but this one was good. The fries were better than most places and I enjoyed the healthy portion of veggie sticks on the side.The place is very casual, fast-food feeling and not fancy at all. Definitely don't come here for the environment or the clientele. I've never had Long Wongs Wings and I'm already thinking I prefer these Buffalo wings over TGI Friday's, Applebee's and Wingstop! I'll probably come back when I'm looking for a fast food fix.
4	The Long Wong wings are always good and they give you bleu cheese as it should be.  The flavors are good and have a nice degree of heat.  The pizza is New York style and that means you can fold it.  The steak burgers are like what we had in the Midwest and decent.  It is an odd concept and the delivery is not cheap but we think it worth it to support our local businesses.
2	This place is not bad.  A bit old and roughed up as far as decor.  Staff was nice and pretty efficient. I got the burger salad which was acceptable. Not bad but not great.  Fries were what you would expect.  Again, not the best but not the worst.  It is better than fast food.
4	This place seriously has the best wings ever. I went here last week with some friends. They got a hamburger and they seemed to like them. But I only go here for the wings.They have so many choices of sauces for your wings to choose from. The ranch for these are so delicious! I make sure to get a big container to take home. The staff there when I went wasn't too friendly. They had an attitude about them that wasn't very welcoming. Otherwise, the food made up for it.If you want delicious wings, a variety of sauces, and yummy ranch to go with it, this is the place to go.
4	Their honey hot wings are the best! Oh my goodness, my mouth waters just thinking about these delicious wings! And dipped in ranch..yum! They always take so freaking long thats why I'm giving it four stars. Expects a 6 wings with french fries order to take between 45min to an hour. Other than that, the taste is delicious.
5	This place has always been amazing but I am finally writing a review. Been coming here for at least 6 years. Today I took my fiance here, for a first and of course it was delicious. I get the buffalo and ranch chicken sandwich. Usually buffalo sandwiches at other places that I have had are dry. Not at long wongs, it is sooo good. I get a side salad also which is always fresh and delicious. My fiance had the chili cheese fries and the AZ steaken.  He inhaled both. :). I think he will be wanting to go back soon.
4	Good Pizza and wings.  Its fast, tasty and the customer service is very nice.
5	Awesome burgers.
4	I love the food the only thing is the bad customer service walked in and it wasnt busy it took them 10 minutes to realize i was even there
