4	Great place for an unpretentious, relaxed date or a dinner with friends. Delicious food, and BYOW. Can't go wrong.
5	Although often overlooked by the critics, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.  I had the horse steak and is was as tender and tasty as can be. The seared  duck breast was so perfectly cooked and not greasy, that it could easily have been confused with a fine steak. Dessert here was delightfully rich, but small enough to not overwhelm the palate. They even gave us a small appetizer while we were waiting for our table. What class! Best of all, the meal was reasonably priced and service was everything that I could have hoped for. The only thing I can add it  this restaurant is very small and the food is excellent, so it is always packed. Therefor, reservations are essential.
5	They're really good about vegetarians, had suggested modifications of on-menu items and a handful of acceptable menu items as well. I went hoping for horse, they were out of horse, I was sad but got over it. Steak was very well made, simple seasoning. Salads were beautiful and tasty. The space is intimate and relaxed, they have a nice wine list. The chef gave me a bunch of local recommendations, I had a great time.
5	We had the chefs surprise and it was unbelievable. Every dish was prepared and presented perfectly, and explained by our very sweet server. The food is local/fresh/organic and beautiful. We had a bit of everything; frogs legs, escargot, rabbit, horse, piglet, bison, salmon, oh my. The atmosphere is cozy and intimate and got pleasantly noisy towards closing. My first Montreal French cuisine experience and not my last.
5	Great, cozy and intimate space on Ave. de Hotel-de-Ville, South of Rue Sherbrooke East and about three meters North of Rue Ontario East.A superbly pleasing experience all around. A wonderful Amuse Bouche of whipped fish (Walleye?) pate on a miniature slice of crusty bread with touch of herbs (dill?), delicious!Bison Tataki with salsa and cucumber yogurt (GF), and the Rabbit Ravioli appetizers, were both a great mix of flavors and oh so yummy!The Duck Confit with Lentil Salad won over my skeptical dinning partner, who having never had confit was hesitant when ordering it and was oh so happy with that selection when tasting the tender and flavorful duck leg. (GF)The Braised Piglet Shoulder was succulent, and while truly satiating it was also so enjoyable that if given another I would have gladly done my self harm to happily have eaten another serving, it inspires gluttony.While some other reviews (Yelp and elsewhere) say they have gluten free options, what is more accurate is that they have some options and a skilled staff who may be able to work with your dietary issues if you ask, so definitely do so.(1) make reservations, you can use their webpage to do so;(2) look-up their menu, (ibid);(3) take your own wine;(4) don't worry if your French is poor, they are forgiving, and their English is superb: so,(5) go, and enjoy really good service and really great food!www.grenadine.ca
5	Nestled at the bottom of Montreal's notoriously steep Hotel de Ville, Grenadine is a French Fusion restaurant which may be small in size, but which is also big on excellent food, service and atmosphere.  I had the pleasure of dining at Grenadine last night with two of my closest girlfriends. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by Chef and Owner Alex Duchastel de Montrouge, working in an open kitchen. The space is cozy and warm- a perfect place for a first date or romantic dinner, complemented by the rich and creative cuisine. As suggested by the chef, we all ordered the five course tasting menu. Before ordering we were presented with an amuse bouche of walleye mousse which was delicious in both taste and texture. Showcasing the fun nature of the restaurant, my friends and I were each served different dishes for the first four of the five courses, which let us experience all the delights Grenadine has to offer. The food, delivered to us personally by Duchastel de Montrouge, did not disappoint. Rich and flavorful, as the French intended food to be, of particular note were the creamy fish soup, crispy piglet sausage cotechino served with borscht, sour cream and caviar, and the exquisite horse tartare. The fois gras creme brulee was utterly outrageous. The portions are very generous and by the time the last course- a duo of elk and duck confit arrived, I questioned whether I could even carry on eating. After tasting the dish, however, my desire to continue savoring what was on my plate far outweighed my fullness. Each served on equally flavorful reductions, both meats were perfectly cooked and simply too delicious to leave behind. At $55.00, the tasting menu is extremely reasonable. The restaurant is also a bring your own wine, which makes Grenadine a really luxurious option for those who crave excellent French cuisine, but don't want to break the bank. An outstanding choice for anyone living in or visiting this amazing city, it is no wonder Grenadine was named one of the 101 restaurants to eat at in Montreal before you die.
4	Really enjoyed dinner on New Year's Eve at Grenadine. It's a tiny place and so when our group of 9 arrived, there were people still from the first seating inside the restaurant so half our group had to wait outside. Not so good in the freezing cold, so we Californians stayed inside and had the Montrealers who were more used to the weather stand outside. LOL!  The food was very good, they had a 7 course prix fixe menu for $70.  There were 3 courses where we had a choice between two different items, and so between my husband and I, we were able to share everything. The menu began with happy oysters (which were ok), followed by an amazing mushroom cappucino with truffled milk. Choice of bison or foie gras, both excellent, mushroom and fennel salad (my favorite item of the dinner) or asian style arctic char dumpling with salmon roe, followed by quail or scalllops and ending with a dark chocolate ganache with coconut brittle which was just ok, but the again I am not a dessert person. The one thing that made the the experience less enjoyable was the cold air coming in through the window which meant I had to keep my jacket on and so no one could see my beautiful festive new years outfit that I had borrowed from my fashionable Montreal based sister. BYOB is always a great thing in many Montreal restaurants, so the evening was very festive starting and ending with Veuve Cliquot, as we rang in the New Year.
