4	This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal (not that I've been to many).  It's in Old Town, which is a charming section of the city.  Many of the restaurants here are pricey with long waits, but this one was moderate on both counts.  The sangria is amazing...my favorite I've had so far.  I had the shrimp with pesto & rice, which was delicious.  I believe the BF had the pasta primavera, which he liked.  Service was excellent.
3	We dined here on our recent June 2010 vacation to Montreal. Located in the heart of the Old Town "tourist" section of Montreal near Notre Dame we enjoyed a nice dinner here. The service and ambiance were very good. The food itself was okay to good but considering every other experience we had along this stretch of Old Town during our stay I can't complain.  I had the Mixed Seafood Plate which included mussels, langoustine, shrimp, scallops and a generous portion of tilipia and it was delicious though the shellfish was a little overcooked. If you enjoy seafood then you can't go wrong with this dish. My wife enjoyed the Chicken Parmagiana with spaghetti (not my thing) which was huge while my daughter had a Margherita Pizza and my mother had the Fried Zucchini. Overall we all enjoyed our food and dining experience at Galianos. It wasn't cheap but considering the portion sizes, the service and the ambiance I would definitely return.
4	We ate lunch at Galianos and really enjoyed the experience. Service was prompt, the setting was nice with the doors and windows open to the street.I enjoyed the lasagna and the bread was fresh.
5	This was the first restaurant we went to after our arrival in Montreal.  I chose it because I had done a little research on restaurants in Montreal when planning the trip, and this one stood out from the reviews.  It was indeed very nice.We first noticed how nice the outside looked.  It's in Old Montreal and we arrived just after sunset.  We were seated at a nice little table next to a lot of great wine!  I made some nice comments to my girlfriend on the selection they had available.  We had no troubling ordering something we loved the sound of in the menu, and when it came it looked as delicious as it sounded.  Taste?  Even better!The staff was extremely courteous (almost too much so) and everything was served quick and with a smile.  Very professional!This experience definitely set the pace for the rest of the visit to Montreal! :)
5	So good! Relaxed. Great food - like homemade. Overlook old town. Perfecto!
4	Came here on a trip to Montreal for my birthday dinner, We sat outside at at table next to the inside which is the best seat since you can look into the restaurant but are also on a raised level to look around outside. Started with the bread which comes which a very unique oil dipping sauce, the waiter said it had over 30 ingredients. The bread itself was very good. We ordered the fried zucchini which were basically similar to mozzarella sticks in their texture but the breading was much more seasoned than typical fried appetizers. The marina type dipping sauce also had a lot of flavor. I ordered the gnocchi with mushrooms which was served baked style. It was very well prepared and good enough that I ate it all which ended up with me being completely stuffed and useless for the rest of the evening.
2	Average. OK winelist, food basic Italian without much thought, ambience OK. Would I recommend it? Not if I could walk somewhere closer....
2	Growing up in an Italian family I am a foodie. So when it comes to Italian restaurants I am highly analytical. This place does not come close to passing the test!My penne aribiata had an overwhelming taste of freezer burn!!Ey oh!! Make some fresh stuff!!
2	Awful place. Tourist trap. I even went through the reviews. The reviews from locals were terrible. The out of town reviews were great! Maybe Galianos is great in Ann Arbor, but it isn't in Old Montreal. I suggest you just keep on walking when you see it.
