5	All I can say is I have found my new favorite sushi place. This places ROCKS!!!! The atmosphere inside is great. A huge sushi bar with a flat screen TV on both sides. The private rooms are very nice and have a very modern type decor with one that has a huge samurai and geisha mural. Everything is nicely spread out so you are not crowded while you eat.For our meal we had the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!!!!! When you order the AYCE ( all you can eat ) sushi every roll is made fresh for you. It's not a buffet style so everything is as fresh as can be. Also with the AYCE it comes with appetizers (also AYCE) and dessert ( one per person). For our appetizers we started with shrimp and vegetable tempura, pot stickers, and a teriyaki rib eye saute. Everything was awesome!!! I especially loved the triadic rib-eye. It came out on a sizzling platter with onions and cabbage. It was cooked perfectly and very tender with excellent flavor. Now the sushi. It was amazing. Very fresh with excellent creations. The only thing not available with the AYCE is the sashimi. My GF and I tried so many rolls but we both liked the dynamite roll very much. The double salmon and the different rolls with the spicy tuna roll were also excellent. Our sushi chef was very friendly and even made us a special roll not one the menu that was the best salmon roll I've ever had.For our dessert I had a green tiramisu. It was amazing a great light green tea flavor that was very creamy. My GF got the creme brule. It had a wonderful crust and a sweet creamy texture.Overall excellent food, great service, and my new favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. Here's their website check it out. http://www.usmenuguide.com/oyshi.html
5	My new favorite sushi bar.The fish has always been good so far and the variety of what is included for all you can eat can't be beat.Find me another place that includes green tea tiramisu and chocolate creme brule in their all you can eat menu and I'll think about changing my alliegence.
5	Wonderful restaurant!!! My new favorite sushi place in Vegas. Not only is it in "my neck of the woods"--SW Las Vegas, but it serves wonderful sushi and hot meals, has incredible service and inviting, fun atmosphere. Oyshi does not disappoint, and I have been to most sushi places in town. The fish is always incredibly fresh and delicisous and hot foods and rolls are creative and very tasty. The presentation is top notch too, especially for the price. That's right, the price is on the low side for "all you can eat" sushi as compared to other neighborhood sushi places in town; Big flat screen televisions, always running mini fountains and modern decor add to the wonderful, fun, yet inviting atmosphere. Servers all speak English and are knoweledgeable about all of the dishes and make great recommendations!!! I love this sushi restaurant and have frequented it about twice a month, if not more often. Oyshi in Japanese means "delicious" and this restaurant surely lives up to its name in every sense of the word. Highly recommended.
5	UPDATE: 5-28-08: Went back 4 times since review every time was awesome. We even had the AYCE at a table instead of the sushi bar and the service was great. Before our rolls were done our server got our next order. This place impresses me every time.
5	Now that the idea of all you can eat sushi doesn't creep me out I had the best experience and a new loyalty to Oyshi Sushi. The ambiance is hip and cool the demographic is everything from older couples to young Hipsters.  You don't feel like you are in the suburbs but you don't feel like you are in a Las Vegas suburb either. The service is friendly and fast. The Rolls & Appetizers are made to order. If you throw down @ the Sushi Bar you will no doubt get your money's worth. They have an all you can eat lunch & dinner special. The icing on the cake (har-har) is the desert. Yes, it's true the green tea tiramisu is as good as it sounds.  I have to thank fellow yelper Cameron G for the info on this one
5	I reserved a table here for my brother's birthday and actually had to make a few last minute changes to the reservations and they didn't make a big deal out of it. We were seated in the private room that has a big flat screen tv with sofa seating. I suggest reserving this room for a special occasion or if you have a large party. We all had the all-you-can-eat sushi and for $26 it's a steal! There are a few catches though..only a 4 oyster limit per person and you have to eat the rice that comes with your sushi or they threaten to charge you for it . I think we ordered everything on the menu but a few dishes that stood out were: rib eye steak teriyaki (not over cooked at all), calamari (I didn't get a chance to try this but other people at our table kept ordering more of this) J&B roll (soooo good with the baked scallops on top). I thought the baked rolls were a lot larger than the other sushi rolls so be careful not to order too much (like we did). Our waiter was pretty attentive and even offered to take our picture for us. The owner was really nice. I think I talked to him about making the reservations and when he heard it was for a b-day he gave us the private room even though our party wasn't that big.  I'll definitely be coming back here the next time I'm Vegas.
5	Thanks Yelpers!  This place is great.  Nice clean interior (they actually have a VIP room, guess that's a normal thing in Vegas to have everywhere though, eh?), friendly staff and an amazing deal for all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi.  They do AYCE where you actually just order whatever you want off the regular menu and they make and deliver it to you.  My friends Andrea, Annie and James all chowed and put away an impressive amount of sushi.  Since Annie and Andrea are bodybuilders they usually can't get full but we were all about to burst as we waddled out of Oyshi.The nigiri are pretty decently sized and the fish is quite good.  As far as AYCE, it's the best fish I've had.  They have a ton of crazy rolls and while I am not usually a roll guy for AYCE it's fun to try out so many options.We went for lunch and it was $21 which we definitely got our money's worth.  It's also nice to get away from the Strip as we are here covering a bodybuilding show and the pace is less flashy and frenetic which is great.Definitely make it out to Oyshi!
5	This place was initially introduced and highly recommended to us by a friendly bartender from the Silverton Casino.  He informed us that this place was a spin-off of Sushi Factory (in Las Vegas).  It's a bit out of the way from "The Strip", but if you have the time it's well worth it.  Anyway, after a horrible experience at Sushi Factory (see my review) several months ago, my buddies and I decided to give Oyshi a go.  We couldn't have been any happier with our visit to Oyshi.  Our server (Justin) was very friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  As for the food, the sashimi was fresh, the rolls were tasty, the ambiance was comfortable, simple and modern.  By the way, the Ama ebi (sweet shrimp) and Uni (sea urchin) were both very fresh and delicious.  However, I was bummed that each customer was limited to one order of Ama ebi and Uni per customer.  But being that both are very expensive items, one can understand.  If you're looking for a great, affordable sushi dinner in the Las Vegas area, look no further than Oyshi.  I hope they keep up the good service, and not falter like that of Sushi Factory.
5	BEST SUSHI BUFFET EVER. BEST SUSHI BUFFET EVER. B_E_S_T  S_U_S_H_I B_U_F_F_E_T E_V_E_R!!!!!!Okay, if this obnoxious review cannot convince you to try it out, then perhaps all the other positive ones will! Thanks to Yelp!, my friends took us here several months ago and the eight of us who went loved it! It seriously beat all the sushi-buffets I have ever been to. The sushi buffet menu is comprehensive! Every type of roll you can think of, Maki sushi, miso-soup, wakame salad(!!!), etc. etc. It even features menu items that even non-sushi lovers would enjoy -- tons of appetizers, surf and turf steak and shrimp, terayiki, tempura, etc. It comes with free tea, and a free dessert after your meal. And it's less expensive than a Vegas buffet! Totally worth it!! I went again a second time and introduced it to a new group and it did not disappoint. The only gripe I have is they have a rule that you have to eat most of the rice or there will be a surcharge. Only a slight bummer, but I cannot blame them. It is still a very fabulous place worth spending the $$$ you earned gambling!!!
4	yum.it's gooood here. hubby likes this place..cool setting.. it's very chill..they could put a halt on the continuous rave music. lol..but it's cool.. whatever.it's a good place.  all you can eat sushi for 21 bucks! definitely keep the rolls on a minimum because it's easy to lose control in this setting. haha..they have a lot of other things besides sushi..must haves:ahi pokeseaweed saladsurf & turfgarlic tunacalamariveggie & shrimp tempura..??? miso. hahaall the rolls start to look the same eventually.. just put together differently!
4	I have to say that this all-you-can-eat sushi buffet wasn't too bad. The service and ambiance was definitely better than Sushimon, but when it comes down to quality, taste, and presentation....Sushimon wins the competition!If you don't mind driving a bit off the strip, then come to this sushi place. It was only $22 for lunch when my friends and I went here on a Saturday.Sorry, peeps...Sushimon is still better for me...
4	What can I say? All-you-can-eat sushi is always awesome! The plus is its all-you-can-eat sushi PLUS all-you-can-eat appetizers like kobe beef, tempura, oysters, mussels, etc.  Also you can have a choice of 1 out of 4 mini desserts.  After an all-you-can-eat fest one night here at Oyshi, my friends and I left full and very happy. :D
3	Okay, went there for lunch with few of my co-workers, we flew in from los angeles for the all you can eat sushi work for the airlines so this is easy.The sushi was a hit and miss, some of the rolls were good and some were not. The nigiri sushi was also a hit and miss.Most of the fish seemed fresh, some seemed like it just came from the freezer and thawed.  The selection was great you had  a lot of choices in terms of rolls and appetizers1. when we got there the place was empty except a few couples, but why did the sushi take so long to get, no lie it took like 20 minutes for our first order which didnt make any sense to me.2. the side orders (appetizers came out really quick. i really believe you can make a meal out of the sides alone. they were really good. like the Asian skirt steak.3. would i go back and try again , ya i would give it one more try.
5	Lets see All you can eat appetizers:Might just go back to Vegas just for this: $21 dollars a person.The appetizers comeout pretty fast.  The sushi is slower. List of normal stuff we got, Spider Roll, Rainbow Roll, Tempura, Chicken Yakitori, and Edamame.  They have a good list of Baked Sushi too. You can't get Sashimi but I got something just as good.  Ahi Poke.  The Sushi is made to order.  We we're full and it was really worth it.  You do have to finish most of your rice with the Sushi.    And to top it off 1 dessert.   We are definitely going to make this the go to place whenever we are in Vegas.
2	I was really looking forward to eating here the last time I was in town.  I have to agree that the decor is really savvy and modern.  I was disappointed with the quality of everything else about our dining experience here.  We'll certainly give it another try to see if the food and service are any better.
4	I went to Oyshi for All you can eat last week. The all you can eat menu is huge!! there is so much to choose from and everything we ate was great! The atmosphere is great, the food is delicious and fresh, and the presentation if fantastic. They also play trance music - ha!Dishes I liked:Hamachi Trio RollAlaskan RollDynamite (MMM)There was a lot more but I can't remember anymore. The only one I wasn't so keen on was the cayenne albacore (this wasn't that great). for $26 per person for dinner, this is a great deal especially because you can easily eat more than that value!
1	Yes, only 1 Star.. Sorry!We wanted to try a new spot and came upon Oyshi Sushi; checked out the reviews and the pictures posted, so we decided it was a GO.When we got there, I asked to sit by the head sushi chef just to see what he can offer.. The guy didn't even introduce himself?!Don't get me wrong, the sushi was alright; not the best though.. the atmosphere was actually good, but the service was horrible!1. We waited forever for our order and our appetizers.2. They forgot our orders, more than once.3. We noticed that the guest sitting right next to us was getting better service than we did. They even got the check before us?! Nice place, but we won't be back there anytime soon.Oh. Also, while we waited patiently for our food.. We could see the waiters and waitresses flirting with each other constantly. How cute.(I agree with Rachel, SushiMon is still our choice..)
4	The all you can eat sushi menu is pretty extensive. At $26 for dinner it is right on par with other sushi places I have been to. The sushi is fresh, the steaks and meats are tender and juicy, and the appetizers like the gyoza and seaweed salad are tasty. The calamari could use some work in the flavor department however. The service there is second to none. You are greeted when you walk in by nearly all of the staff, the waiters/waitresses are friendly and attentive, and the bus staff makes sure your table isn't cluttered with plates and your drinks are never empty. The wait for the sushi can get a little long, so order up some appetizers and sides while you're waiting. Just remember that there are other tables waiting for sushi, and only a few sushi chefs to make all the sushi so patience is a virtue here.
5	Just had a lunch with a friend...terrific sushi, terrific service at a great price. Everything was fresh and served promptly...a real treat to find this quality of sushi in the Southwest Valley...! Highly recommended!
1	I dined here for the first time last week.  I was in town visiting some friends and family and went to this place with a large group.  i read the reviews here and thought this would be a great place to try. Especially with the $21 all-you-can-eat sushi for lunch.The servers were prompt with taking our orders.  Our table was the second to place orders so I thought we would get great service...NOT!  I ordered a cucumber salad for an appetizer and three sushi rolls (rattlesnake roll, crunchy scallop and yellowtail trio).  Well,  it took OVER 30 minutes for my cucumber salad to arrive.  And I had to say something TWICE to the server before it came out.  By the time I got my appetizer just about everyone else in our group had already received and eaten their sushi rolls.  Why did my little cucumber salad take so long to arrive? Did they have to plant the seed and grow the cucumber?  My brother-in-law sitting next to me even got his sushi roll before I got my appetizer.  That was strike one!Now for strike two - I had to remind the server that I hadn't received my sushi rolls.  This was after everyone else was pretty much finished their rolls.  So even after I reminded him it still took another 25 minutes to get my rolls to me (Yes I was timing everything).Strike three - I get my sushi rolls. Luckily I wasn't dying of starvation because some others in our group were able to share their rolls so I was able to eat a few pieces while waiting for mine. One thing I noticed was that most of these specialty rolls had this stupid sweet chef's sauce drizzled all over. I don't mind this sauce as its great on dragon rolls.  But this caused everything to taste the EXACT same.  And this sauce was TOO SWEET.  It really killed the individual flavors of the fresh ingredients inside each roll.  My brother couldn't stomach it.  And when I finally got my rolls two of the rolls (crunchy scallop and rattlesnake) were DRENCHED with the sweet sauce.  And the yellowtail trio roll was nasty. It tasted sour like they marinated the fish in vinegar or something!If you like sweet sushi rolls then this is the place for you.  However I will never set foot in this place again!
2	I've eaten here twice but I doubt there will be a third visit. As for the food, it's pretty good. Nothing extraordinary, but pretty average. I got the all you can eat, and I got my $21 worth. No complaint there. But the sushi isn't very authentic in that it's nothing a Japanese person would readily recognize. Seems to be part of this "fusion" sushi movement. I told the sushi chef it wanted an omekase selection, and he had no idea what I was talking about. BAD SIGN! I probably should have just given up and gone to Osaka, but alas I stayed. Most of the rolls were average, but the yellowtail trio had a terrible ginger sauce. I couldn't finish it. Aside from the food, the service was non-existent. I moved to a quiet corner to avoid a very loud group and I was completely forgotten. I had to get up and ask for my check after 15 minutes of waiting.My biggest complaint is with the music. There is rap music blaring, even on a Sunday afternoon. I guess they're trying to attact a young, hip crowd, but they're really only driving away customers. I asked them to turn down the music to no avail, and left with a pounding headache and resolved not to come here again.
4	I go to this place due to its near by location.  It's an all you AYCE Sushi place.  Now you would expect low quality from somewhere like this, but it is actually pretty decent in some respects.  However, it is also lacking in areas.Pros: The price was the norm for this type of establishment.  The food is good.  I'm not a big time roll eater as I'd rather eat nigiri over some American take on sushi.  The nigiri was of decent quality, not outstanding, but hey, it is the desert after all. The appetizers are great!  Yes you can make a meal out of the appetizers.  The sauce on the surf and turf was outstanding.  The tempura dipping sauce was also great.Cons:  First of all, this place has gotten very busy.  I used to be able to walk right in, now it can be up to a 45 minute wait.  Once you get in you get the feel that this place is understaffed.  (Update!!!  Staff seems to have increased, speed of orders has improved....some.  Still a packed house.)  The servers come around, yet your order does not.  I came with a group of 7 big time eaters and we put in big orders at a time.  Not only did our orders take forever to come out, but it felt like the manager was watching us to see if we were really eating all that food.  It got to a point that they stopped taking our order.  It says all you can eat on the door buddy.  (Update:  Management does not do that to us anymore, are they reading this?  Great job if they are!)  They didn't even bring out our oysters and claimed that they did and we could not have any more.  I had to explain to the manager that we are not asking for more, we never got any to begin with.  They figured out that our oysters were taken to the wrong table.  Lucky them.  We ended up paying the bill and leaving having not received everything we ordered. They couldn't even take the time to fill a drink.UPDATE:  The last few times we went we got better service, the rotation of fish is fast, so the flavor has improved.  Still not the fastest, and still a wait to get in, but it's a slamming busy place now.  I have found one big dislike that is totally not the restaurant's fault.  Every time I go there now, there always seems to be the loudest, most obnoxious, cussing, group of trendy punks sitting right next to me.  It's like man, if you've got all this money that you seem to need to yell about so everyone can hear you, why are you at an AYCE sushi place.  Go eat at some rich place where everyone else is yelling about their car and their money.  I don't want to hear you, I want to hear the person sitting next to me.
3	Oyshi, well what can I say. It is an all you can eat sushi place that is run by Koreans. The decor is very modern and there are several water sculptures that is placed around the restaurant. They also have private rooms and large Plasma tvs that will show a basketball game or two. I was introduced to this sushi place by a friend of mines and went for the first time a couple of months ago. I have to say their appetizer menu is, by far, superior to all AYCE sushi places. Their surf and turf has this sweet and tangy sauce, it is served over a bed of shredded greens with steak and shrimp on a hot plate that is sizzling as it arrives. Their oysters are fairly good served with a bit of chili sauce and you can have max of 4. I have gone back to Oyshi about 3 times and this review is a collective of all the times I dined there. The first time I dined I ordered some salmon, tuna, yellowtail, nigiri. I was very very impressed with the quality and ratio of rice to fish. I asked the waiter what he would recommend as it was my first time dining there and he immediately chirped "love affair" you must have it. It was very very good. I do have to say it took them over 20 minutes to bring out my order of nigiri and even longer for the love affair roll. There were probably 10 people dining there. I was kind of confused as a couple that came after us got their roll first. I am normally a service junkie and if I don't get it I usually don't ever step back into the restaurant. This restaurant seemed like a place that deserved a second chance. I went another time with a group of 9 and were sat in a semi private area where the wall had a huge mural that seemed hand painted. We were seated and they took our orders. The wait wasn't as painful this time as they brought out the food fairly quickly. Once again, the love affair roll and my classic salmon, tuna and yellowtail nigiri were wonderful. The third time I went was pretty similar to the first time I dined here. The service was subpar and their food seemed to lack flavor. I have to say if their service was at par with how their decor is I would probably have given a higher rating, but without good service the clients will never return. Maybe they deserve another chance? I have to wait and see.
3	All you can eat Oyshi Sushi. It was good. Good quality. Anything on the menu goes.But all the rules! One desert per person. Eat most of the rice. Limited raw oysters. Limited hand rolls, and all you can eat ..in two hours. All for around 25 dollar a person for dinner. I came for a bday dinner and we had a little room with dimmed lighting and trance music in the background. Good customer service too. It's just a little too strict to really enjoy yourself and to enjoy the company you're dining with.
5	If it wasn't for a stubborn friend, we would have gotten here earlier and avoided a "long" wait.  This friend said take the 95, take the 95, blah blah blah.  Even after the waiter said take the 215, my friend INSISTED on taking the 95.  The waiter probably said: "whatever, dude, get lost and then wait longer and have your friends kick your ass before you eat our delicious buffet".  After another friend looked Oyshi Sushi himself, we found out that we should take the 215 and did so after I got all frustrated driving in the 15 fwy traffic.In any case, after waiting and getting seated at our table, we went straight to ordering our all-you-can-eat, which includes 2 uni (sea urchin) pieces, 2 amaebi (raw, sweet shrimp) pieces & 4 raw oysters.  Yep, there's a limit on those but you must understand that there aren't that many other places that would even give you these premium sushi pieces.  Just a note on the uni - slightly less fresh than I've had before.  In any case, you get these in addition to their fresh & delicious sushi.  Their salmon, yellowtail, albacore, halibut sushis are great, plus they don't give you as much rice in their sushi as other places.  Their rib-eye teriyaki is also an excellent dish to have.  Their tempura is also very good.  As for the dessert, we all had the strawberry mochi ice cream, which was very good.  All for $25 per person.  Not bad at all.I only have to mention a couple of cons: there is a 1 dessert limit for each person.  However, you can have all the ice cream you want since this is not considered one of the dessert items.  Plus, I find it just strange that the place is so huge and yet they waste so much space & put tiny little tables in the center when you can get bigger tables there to accommodate more people.  Last con... service.  A bit slow.  It was a really busy night, but I'm still surprised that they took more than 15 mins to take out raw food.  There was a 2-hr limit, but I don't think they pushed this limit all too much.
5	We get into Vegas Friday evening, checked in, and began our weekend off with a night of debauchery.Food porn at Oyshi. Yessiree, four hungry men and a AYCE Japanese food? This is gonna get ugly fast, real fast. We get there and it's packed. A nice waiter greeted us and told us it might be a while. 20 minutes. Shit, thats it? His reaction made it seem like an hour or 2. Dude! We'll wait. The restaurant is nicely designed with modern furnishings. Its set to look very relaxing like a lounge. Like Gerald S pointed out, it's not set up well if there's large groups. The good side is that it doesn't feel overcrowded. The AYCE is probably the best and only way to go here. There are so many items to choose from and the quality was not as bad as I thought it would be. They do limit the expensive stuff like uni, amaebi, and raw oysters, but it was well worth it. The sushi was very well made and fresh. Their sushi cuts are very generous. They hardly give any rice, so it was perfect. Everything was awesome, from the salmon, tempura, ribeye, and unlimited green tea or vanilla ice cream!!! Like hawks, we swooped down and attacked everything. Nothing was safe. We washed it all down with hot house sake ($7). For $25, I would do it over, and over, and over, and over, *deep breath*, and over again. The food came out slow, it was expected because they  had a full house. The service was simply awesome. If it's a Friday or Saturday, give them a call to make reservations. We left hurting and sat in our car like beached whales. You may have defeated us Oyshi, but we'll be back. Back with bigger and hungrier guys. *waives fist*
4	Their service kinda sucks, but the food is excellent.  I always do the AYCE and usually got for the Bonsai Roll, ahi poke, gyoza, miso soup, grilled beef asparagus and some sushi (garlic tuna, cajun albacore)  YUM!!
5	Excellent service as well as fresh high quality fish. I've read some reviews where people say the service was horrible and it took over 30 minutes to receive their food. Here's an idea... Enjoy the company and talk with the people around you instead of staring at your watch. I did not experience bad service. Everyone asked if we needed anything often enough to keep our glasses filled and our stomachs full. Now on to the amazing food! We had the ahi poke. Super fresh fish and delicious flavor. Ordered some hand rolls, yum yum and dragon. Once again the unagi and scallops were fresh and delicious. I have to say though that things only got better with the last two rolls. The double screaming roll and the Hawaiian roll made the meal! I used to be a huge sushi mon and wasabi fan but i think i found my new favorite. I was so impressed by the quality of food and the flavor I can't wait to go back.
5	First, I would like to say that I am not AYCE kinda gal.  I just don't eat that much (contrary to what my appearance may say) but in this case I think it was worth it.  We went for lunch so it was a $21 price.  But if you figure most of the rolls I liked cost about $10-$12 anyways, 2 rolls and you are there.  Plus it's your choice of different things from the menu, not just sushi.  But there are rules, and not EVERYTHING on the menu is part of the AYCE.There is a bit of lag time on getting your food, so don't go running in thinking you are going to be out in 15 minutes.  But do go with the expectation of enjoying the company you went with.  Our server was great and the food was really good.
3	This place's not bad. I just feel like their food taste like any other place. The price is good for the amount you eat. I'd ordered the spider roll, crunchy scallop, seaweed salad and green tea. Those aren't good cooked dishes.
4	So V. and I headed to this spot on our way out of Las Vegas to L.A. and i am adding this place to my favorites whenever in Vegas...Service is Decent,The food is great and they have plasmas where i got to see the Lakers take on the Rockets! So that was awesome,Sushi and watching the game...How cooler can you get...jkSo this was what V and I had/tried:Philly RollRainbow RollTiger RollDynamite RollGinza RollSpyder Roll2 orders of Yellowtail2 orders of Albacore5 orders of Tuna5 orders of SalmonVanilla Creme BruleeStrawberry Mochi Ice CreamEverything was really good and fresh(on a sunday!) yea,i have experienced some places on sunday,and the fish never tasted this fresh.So the deal is this,Only 2 hours to eat and no Sashimi,that works for me,regardless!Thanks for reading,hit this one spot when in Vegas!
3	I've eaten here twice now; both times were all-you-can-eat.  I absolutely loved it the first time.  The second time failed to live up to my inflated expectations.  To summarize the Oyshi experience: good sushi in a nice atmosphere with unpredictable service.  Some items come out after the appropriate amount of time while others take an inexplicably long time to arrive.
3	We went there on last Saturday nite expecting full house, but the place was only 3/4 full.  We sat at the wide open bar for all-you-can-eat so it's easier to order sushi from the chef. Our first impression was good atmosphere and hip music.We found the service excellent, contrary to some reviews. Maybe because it was not busy or from over staffing, we were asked "How is everything?" every 5 minutes, even thought we were sitting at the bar.The food was just OK. We liked the ahi poke, spider hand roll, white tuna, and especially the green tiramisu. On the other hand, we were not excited about the miso soup, bland tasting sushi, water-down soy sauce, light wasabi, and $2.50 xtra for hot tea.Over all, we thought $67 for two AYCE including 15% tip is just a little higher than most places in town especially for average food.We might or might not go back.
4	All-You-Can-Eat sushi places are very hit, or miss here in Las Vegas. Most of the time the fish is dry and not very flavorful. Oyshi breaks this trend. Their rolls are delicious. The Red Rock, Lobster Fair and Yellowtail Trio are must tries. Their fish is very fresh, moist and flavorful. For an All-You-Can-Eat sushi place, Oyshi is a cut above the rest.Service at Oyshi is very friendly. The staff are knowledgeable about the menu and the art of sushi. They are always willing to suggest and prepare something new for you to try. I go here often and sit at the sushi bar. Both the servers and the sushi chefs know exactly what I like and how I like it prepared.
5	The best All You Can Eat sushi restaurant I've ever been to by far. At first when I came here, I wasn't expecting any thing to be that great since it's all you can eat, the food will be soso.Was I wrong or what.Plenty to choose from the menu! From sushi rolls to chef specialties to chocolate mochi, each dish brought out a different and wonderful flavor that automatically send me to the roof. Every single dish that was brought out were delicious and off the hooooooook. Especially the raw oysters, mmmmmm! (That's my favorite!)One thing to keep in mind: Each time you order, be sure to order alot since the dishes come out fairly slow. Otherwise you'll finish a dish before the next one comes out.
5	When my friend from Vegas recommended eating at an All-you-can-eat sushi place, first thing I thought of was Todai. NO THANK YOU!But we went and for $21 (lunch), you can order ANYTHING except drinks. Man, we dined like kings and queens eating everything we could. The only thing was the yellowtail nigiri (usually a favorite of mine) was a pinkish color? huh? Probably wouldn't recommend that.Rolls are AWESOME! Snow Mountain roll, all the of the baked stuff is good and tuna or salmon nigiri are really good. They don't drench sauce all over it to cover the quality, which I love.Desserts: creme brulee (pretty good. 4 stars)                   Mochi (exactly like the mochi icecreams you get at the grocery store. 4 stars)                  Green tea icecream (didn't have it but heard it was decent too)I think I just liked the fact that it was included in the all-u-can-eat package.Would DEFINITELY recommend!!!!! GO NOW!!!
3	This place is A-OK indeed. The all-you-can eat is very enticing the first 3 times you have it but after that, I can't even imagine putting myself through that again. All-you-can eat on the menu except sashimi means you will stuffing yourself with rice at the end of the night which is not very enjoyable.The best  deal is the kid's Ninja Meal which is what I want to eat every time I go here but I can't...They're very strict on it. I brought my nephew here last time and he was sleeping so I thought I could order this Ninja meal and take it to go for him. Well NO! "Kid's sleeping can't do it. Only when he wakes up." Bottom line. Obviously I'd eat here. But I'm not proud of it. I feel like I'm in a bad relationship where my girlfriend is abusive and I still take it. Thank god there's plenty of fishes in the sea...
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES:9 of many reviewsI want some sushi NOW!!!!Its hard to find sushi during lunch hours on the strip. Mind you that I didn't have any fancy jeezus phone or other interwebz navigating phone on me so I had to depend on my simple, yet reliable and dependable intuition... and lifelines. ;D  As I walked the strip during lunch hour sunshine I was rudely awakened to the fact after epic fail after epic fail that sushi apparently only open during dinner hours. FML!!!! I end up calling my cousin to yelp it... bare in mind he doesn't know how to use the ever HOLY YELP but does what he can for me off his interwebz capable cell. He forwards me a list and after several returned calls of being open hours later one of them responds that they are currently open. I tell the cabbie who then proceeds to drive my ass half an hour into the desert. Who knew????WTF??Well, I get there to this strip mall in the middle of no where and proceed to order and drink, drink and eat, and eat and drink some more. I dock them one star for the uni.. it wasn't as good as I would have expected but then again we are in the desert and I suppose should be grateful for anything shell fish. After ordering countless orders of sashimi and sushi I realize that they offer a all-you-can-eat sushi. Oh well!It appears that a lot of people come here for this. I had no idea what to order so I flagged the closest waiter for assistance. The helpful and over zealous staff suggested a number of oddly named rolls which we humored them by ordering. Well, I can at least tell you that their menu offerings were pretty damned good. I wish I could remember the named of the lobster covered roll that I ordered because it was indulgent. So other than the uni I had no complaints about traveling the better part of an hour to get here. now how do i get back to the strip?o_0
4	I'm laying down in my bed right now and moaning. I'm alone, laying here, moaning. Get that visual out of your head.As good as it gets for AYCE. Really good quality, really good price, incredible service, good ambiance. Basically just like The Ka over in Henderson, but closer to the area I'm in.Excellent white tuna sashimi, really really good eel. Unghhhhhhhhhh.
5	I just love sushi so I'm biased when it comes to sushi restaurants, however, Oyshi Sushi is my new fave in town! Ambiance is beautiful - they have a big Japanese mural in their private room ~ so lovely to look at.  Service is excellent ~ food is delicious ~ price is reasonable.  Highly recommended!!
5	Driving down Rainbow with my dad and sister after some very exhausting furniture shopping, we decided to pick up sushi for dinner. There are several sushi restaurants along the way, so we pulled over to the first one we saw: Oyshi Sushi. The restaurant is very cute, decked out in the typical Japanese style (fountains, folding screens) with a modern feel. It could serve well as a date spot or a family dinner outing, based on the groups of people I spotted. While we waited for our take-out order, the host offered us beverages, which was a very nice touch.I tend to judge restaurants based on how vegetarian- and vegan-friendly they are, and this place definitely passed. There are at least 10 or 12 vegetarian rolls to choose from. I ordered the asparagus and avocado roll, vegetable tempura and miso soup. All of them were very good. The sushi in particular was well-made and tasty, which was surprising considering that this restaurant advertises its All You Can Eat special. The prices are good, the food is better. We'll be back!
4	Living right across the street I had to try this place. I had been going to another sushi place down the road but was ready to try something new. It is good. Not the absolute best for but Vegas sushi it has great selections with very few limitations on the all you can eat menu unlike some of the other places I've been too. I have been here many times since my first visit and will continue to go. I wished they'd play better music but ohh well, I'll put up with bad techno for good sushi.  I just prefer my sushi place to be high quality not trendy/techno club wanna be LOL.
5	The best sushi place in Vegas, and it's all-you-can eat.It's been theorized by our mother that my brother and I have tapeworms with the amount of food we devour on a daily basis. With the amount of sushi we ate tonight, this could be true. Lunch is cheaper at $21 per person but I'm sure there are less things to order. We came for the all-you-can eat dinner ($26 per person) and ordered:- yellowtail- salmon- tuna- mackerel- uni (sea urchin)- oysters (limit 4 per person)- red rock roll- dynamite roll- favorite roll- and like, six other rolls.The bottom line is that all the fish is fresh, the service is prompt and friendly, but the food can take a while to come out when they're busy (especially since it's an all you can eat place and there's a ton of things to make) so after your first order comes, order again immediately before you finish to insure it gets there on time. There is a 2 hour limit for the all you can eat option but I didn't have any issues with it. Most sushi places have this rule as a safety cushion for those rude customers who don't know any better and camp out in the restaurant for hours as if it were their last meal.The decor is industrial Asian with exposed pipes, bricks, dim lighting, and colorful murals. It's a snazzy place in an unassuming location, but I'd totally take a date here.With tip and tax, it came out to around $65 for two and that's including drinks and after devouring half the Pacific Ocean. We will be back with the whole family.
5	Some of the best sushi I've ever had.Me and my friends usually come to this place whenever we're in Vegas, and probably 3-5 times a year.  I've gotten the buffet every single time because I always eat my moneys worth.  It's about 15-20 minutes away from the strip, but it's well worth it.Food:The sushi is really good.  They have a lot of different rolls to choose from as well as the basics.  I usually go for some tamago, ultimate spider, and some of their house rolls.  Not to mention, you can also order unlimited items of their side menu such as poke, steak, shrimp, yakisoba, meat on skewers, etc.  As for dessert (Also included in the buffet), the first time I came here I ordered the mochi, then I saw someone order the parfait.  From then on, that's what I've been ordering, it's a great end to a meal.Overall, this place is so good me and friends make sure to come back here every time we are in Vegas.  Although the buffet might not be for everyone, I think it's better than some buffets you would find in most casinos.
4	Never thought sushi could be so good in Vegas, and it's even better with all-you-can eat!!  for $21 all-you-can eat at lunch (sashimi excluded), it's like winning the jackpot!  This place about 15 mins from the strip but worth the drive if you are craving sushi and can eat endless amts of it within 2 hours of ordering time.  The service can be a bit slow and the waiter was forgetful in some of our orders so keep ordering lots each time you see the waiter - just as long as you can eat it all.favorites: Rattle Snakeroll, Tiger Roll, Rainbow Roll, Eel/avocado Sushi, Salmon Sushi
4	first time here &amp; loved it!!probably one of the best all-you-can-eat sushi places I have ever ate!the only down side is its a bit pricey!! 21 for lunch &amp; 26 for dinner.but you get what you pay for! everything is made &amp; comes out fresh once you order it!-miso soupdelicious! wasnt salty at all! :)-eel/avocado rollnot a big fish person...but i have to admit was good! the eel overpowered the avocado for sure.-salmon with rice i dont eat raw fish or anything..but i had half of one piece and it wasnt bad at all!! it looked and tasted fresh! im sure all you salmon lovers would enjoy this very much.-love affairshrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster with crunch flakes &amp; masago!! this was my favorite roll of the night! I finished the majority of the plate!! -crunch scallopyummy!! taste had a sweetness to it and this was my second fav of the night.-beef asparagusdelicious!! loved this and i would have eaten more if i wasnt so stuffed!! one of my favorites. simple but great!-rib eye steak teriyakisteak was tender!-asian skirt steaksteak was tender and could taste the ginger like crazy in this dish! in fact, you can taste all the ingredients they used to make this dish, but the ginger enhances a bit.-agedashi tofulightly fried soft tofu in green onion soy sauce! really light and it was phenomenol. I dont think you can ever ruin this dish.-green tiramisusucked!!! never order this.my auntie & uncle said their creme brulee, parfait is great! their rattlesnake roll is highly recommended!
2	When I went, I think they were only open for a few months. My friends really liked this joint and said I had to check it out. The food was decent. Although we ordered salmon and got lox. Which I guess if technically salmon. Just not very Japanesey. They also didn't have negi-toro or shiso leaves or white tuna. Shiso is a very basic requirement! Ergonomically mediocre. Like the counters are too deep ... for a sushi bar. The decor was still coming up. There was a ugly mural on the wall. Although, I did like the little pieces leading up to the bathroom, like little Basquiat post cards. The sushi chefs were also quarreling behind the sushi bar. Our servers weren't very warm, but got the job done. They were all boys. I think half of them were from Hawai'i. Not that you have to be Japanese to know how to slice a mean sushi ... but it didn't seem these kids had much formal training. Just sayin' ... * off the strip, non-casino
4	I would've given this place 5 stars, had I reviewed it the first time I ate there. I don't quite remember what I had the first time coming into this restaurant, but I do remember having their blueberry parfait, and that alone deserved 5 stars! My second visit to Oyshi was for dinner, and I ordered the Ahi poki salad, the Love Affair sushi roll, and a parfait of course! The salad and the sushi roll were excellent, the best part was probably the Love Affair sushi roll.. probably the best roll I had in a while, from what I remember, it had lobster and crab meat, it was awesome! So here it goes, if so excellent, why the 4 stars you ask.. Well.. the parfait. It was so much bigger and tastier the first time around.. from what I recall, it was served in a taller glass the last time, more ice cream and more toppings.. This time, it was skimped down to a smaller glass, and yes, smaller glass means smaller parfait. It also lacked the toppings I once remembered it had. Therefore, I conclude this review by saying Oyshi is an awesome restaurant, but they need to overcome this economic slump by serving MORE not less! =)
4	Very fresh sushi. All you can eat for $26 which is a steal for the quality of the sushi here. Green tea tiramasui is equally creative and delicious. A sure winner for any dinner.
4	I ate here once...FANTASTIC!!  The sushi was fresh, Uni, sweet shrimp, and all the basics were as well.  They also have a great selection of cooked foods for my non sashimi eating friends that came with me. AYCE on top of that? Yeah this place is great when you just want to eat and want to get away from the bustle of the strip!  The staff was very attentive too.  I was very impressed!!
3	I can't give this place a 4 or 5 because the last time my friends and I went here the service was horrible...especially coming from a certain female server. She was slow with our orders and kind of stand-offish. I understand if you are having a bad night but don't ruin it for the customer.Other than that, the food is great and I have never had any problems with it. The all-you-can-eat price is worth it especially if you know you are going to eat more than one roll including appetizers.The ahi poke can use a little bit more pieces of tuna instead of being drowned in daikon and seaweed but it is still good.
4	What a great meal!  You can opt for all you can eat for $26 or order a la carte.  $26 for all you can eat sushi is an amazing price!  The only thing you can't order is from the sashimi menu and your limited to 1 dessert item.  The menu is abundant and creative.  We ordered... AppetizersOysters - so fresh and delicious!Tuna Poke - mixed with seaweed salad and oh so good.Sirloin steak teryaki - sizzling right off the hot plate, very tender.Sushi rollsLosbter Fair - scrumptious!My Favorite - scallops, variety of fish, topped in eel sauce.Yellowtail trio - fresh hamachi mixed with a ginger sauce.DessertGreen tea terimisu - to die for!  It's made with marscapone cheese, it's smooth consistency just melts in your mouth!
5	I highly recommend this place!  I did not think that an AYCE Sushi buffet would be that great since it's buffet food but they proved me wrong.  The sushi is very fresh and delicious.  The all you can eat menu has tons of food to pick from including sushi rolls, appetizers, salad, soup, uni, sweet shrimp, oysters and dessert.  You have 2 hours to eat your food which is plenty of time to enjoy and savor your meal.  The service is great and the restaurant is pretty spacious.  This is a must-visit restaurant almost every time I go to Vegas.
3	Who ever was my sushi chef tonight didn't really do a great job on my shrimp tempura roll.  It was soggy and the crunch wasn't there.  I ordered two in case maybe there was a mistake on how it was made the first time.  The second was as soggy, if not, more.  The flavor was there, just the texture was not correct.I normally come here with my cousins when we feel like sushi and in the past the sushi has always been top notch.  But tonight, I think the chef was probably in a bad mood, hence the mediocre sushi. I also ordered a sashimi salad.  It's also not so great here.  I've had it better in other restaurants.  Oh well, maybe next time I try it might be better.  As long as the sushi chef I had tonight isn't the same as the next time.
5	I tried Oyshi on 7/6/09 on the recommendation of a friend. Everything was great! I found my server to be very friendly. She was truly a delight and she was very helpful! I had the Hot Tamale, Love Affair, and Crazy Philly rolls. All were superb especially the Love Affair. While I had more, I won't bore with a complete list.I will come back for the all you can eat again. It was every bit as good as I was told when the place was recommended.
4	We moved into the neighborhood a few months ago and have been to Oyshi several times. The miso soup and the tempura veggies are delicious. overall this is some of the best sushi we've had. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star review is because the shrimp aren't fried to order for the rolls. The tiger roll is usually one of my favs but not when the shrimp are soggy.
5	Ok so most All You Can Eat sushi restaurants have basically the same menu but this place has a few extras that make it beat Sushi Mon and all the other places alike. The uni was fresh and buttery and I liked the fried head of the sweet shrimp with ponzu. The tuna poke app was delicious and refreshing. Dinner was $26/person and we were lucky to get put in one of the private rooms. Also, the service was EXCELLENT! They were fast and kept our table clean and well maintained.But the thing that made this place stand out in my opinion was.....their Green Tea Tiramisu. It was HANDS DOWN the best dessert that I have ever had in my life. I will drive 4 hours from LA to Las Vegas just for that!
4	If you are a sushi snob, hit back on your browser and get a plane ticket to LA at least if not Tokyo. Las Vegas as far as I have seen as two sushi options... Buffet and the type of place you are subsidizing comped high rollers. Oyshi is the buffet type. $21 for lunch. $26 for dinner. I did not notice anything different between the two menus. The $5 vig is likely pure the night vig. Your options include sushi, rolls and hot dishes. Each is worth a paragraph. Sushi. Most AYCE places save $$$ by not offering albacore, ikura, scallops, uni and other such high end items. This is not the case for Oyshi, which makes me wonder where they cut corners. That being said, I believe the sushi is the highlight of the menu. Though the rice is not prepared to sushi standards, the rice portion is fairly small compared to the fish, so this does not take away too much from the bite. The actual fish itself is pretty good considering it is AYCE. Note that each order is a fairly small two pieces, so don't be shy about ordering a lot. Do eat the rice as well, though, as you will be penalized for going no-carbs. Rolls. Of the spider, bonsai, ebi ebi and volcano, I only liked the last two. I think the issue here is the sauces are pretty hit and miss. I think that AYCE places try to make their rolls filling, salty and sweet to induce satiation or in the case of bonsai nausea. That roll actually made me heave a little. Don't order too many rolls. It is sort of like how most of the menu is rolls like casinos mostly place slot machines on the casino floor. It's the most profitable. Last and definitely least is the appetizer menu. All the meat items suck. The beefs are stringy and sweet sauced up to disguise their cheapness and the chicken is dry. Don't waste gut space. If you wanted a nice surf and turf combo, you should be at a fine steakhouse. I was disappointed, but having a good appetizer menu at an AYCE sushi place would just be a bonus. I think some of the non-meat stuff is fairly safe, such as the miso soup (though don't expect the world). Drinks. Didn't sample the alcohol, but you have your usual assortment of sake and beer. Since I was there for lunch and was still tired from the previous night's drive, I passed. Tea is $2.50 in case you wanted to know and is pretty good to share since it is a flat fee for one pot with free hot water refills. Though Oyshi is in a strip mall on a nondescript corner of the Vegas suburbs, it wants you to think that you are in Caesar's Palace. Not necessarily a bad thing. There are two back rooms to accommodate large groups. Lunch is fairly quiet. I would expect dinner to be loud with the drinking and the karaoke. Services is good during lunch. Attentive and even proactive about making sure you order a lot. Nice. Overall, it is a good value at $21. This continually justifies my urge to stay away from the Strip for dining. Just don't expect tsukiji quality or anything and enjoy the relatively cheap eats.
3	Yeah, the Husband and I are sushi snobs - at least we're upfront about it.  But when you're living in Vegas, the only way to go is to do AYCE, right?  After getting tons of recommendations for this place, we finally got around to seeing what the hype is all about.All-you-can-eat dinner is $26/pp.  It was pretty busy on a Sunday night with a steady stream of customers (and large groups) coming in all night long.Like Ned M. mentioned, the sushi rice is only okay...it could be better.  Perhaps that's what put us off already...we had to eat the rice and we weren't digging it.We ordered lots of nigiri and found the fish to be okay too, some of it was mushy though.  As one friend mentioned, she wished the fish was a bit 'colder'.  Maybe we came on a bad night - but everyone is raving about the fish.  I'm also not too fond of 'sauce' added to my nigiri, and they added 'sauce' to a lot of my nigiri choices.  They do offer a wider selection of side items like Asian style skirt steak, ribeye steak teriyaki, etc.  And for this reason, one friend prefers coming here over other AYCE places.  I do like their version of agadashi tofu though.Limitations on their menu include:* one order of uni and amaebi per person* limit one order of oysters on the half shell (4 pieces) per person* limit one order on desserts of creme brulee, mochi ice cream, berry parfait or green tea tiramisu (regular ice cream is AYCE though - plum, green tea, vanilla, and coffee)Sitting at the sushi bar, service was pretty good.  The manager seemed like he was our main waiter and he was quite attentive.  We thought we were supposed to order our sushi from the sushi chef, but he asked the manager to take our sushi order instead.  He continued to take our orders throughout the night and refilled our beverages too.  There was a gap at one point where our tempura order was forgotten, had to be reordered again, and then had to be followed up on again before we got it.I can see why this place is popular - there's definitely a mixed crowd and separate rooms for private parties.  The staff are busy and attentive and they definitely recognize the regulars.  They have a lot of rolls to choose from, something that we usually avoid.  Overall, we found Oyshi Sushi to be an average place for AYCE sushi.
5	Food is awesome! All you can eat is perfect if you're really hungry! Staff is friendly! The OWNER was also a really friendly! I don't have anything negative to say about this place at all. This is the first place in Vegas I think of when I'm cravin sushi.
5	I love this place. The price is reasonable. Everyone pretty much summed it up. Their Oyshi rolls are the BOMB. I love their Surf and Turf too... Another thing that is awesome about this place is that they sometimes get the UFC fights and you get to eat all you can eat sushi for $26 and watch the fights for free... Like tomorrow night. Make sure you make reservations cause its pretty small and seats get filled fast!
5	I'm not from Vegas but today marks my 3rd time coming here and I look forward to making it a tradition each time i'm in town. This place is awesome. It's a bit of a drive off the strip, about 10 minutes but well worth it.It has a nice ambiance perfect for a date or a night out with the girls. There were quite a bit of families there also. 26 dollars ! All you can eat. I've been to many AYCE sushi places and they always give you fewer choices and just the basic appetizers and maybe a green tea ice cream for dessert. Not this place. They have a huge selection of rolls. They are so delicious. Ummm. They have so many appetizers to choose from. If your a meat eater you will appreciate it because they offer a lot of meat dishes. Last but not least if you have room the dessert is heavenly. They have creme brulee, green tea tiramisu, berry parfaits and one other that I cannot recall. All this for 26 bucks. It's unbelievable that you can get all this and still have great quality. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that on Friday and Saturday nights it gets busy so you may have to wait a while for them to come back and get your 2nd orders. This still doesn't deter me from giving them 5 stars because the servers are really helpful and cordial when they do come back.
2	I usually go to oyshi often but the last time i went the service i had was extremely horrible... so ever since my last visit i never went back... dont get me wrong but the sushi there is really good but they just gotta work on the service... i could of seriously just walked out and they would not notice...
2	I've been here multiple times with my family because of it's convenience in location and the wait time is pretty minimal. The food is decent if you're not a fish snob. I don't even think sashimi is served. All the rolls are heavily seasoned/ sauced-up and majority of them are stuffed with imitation crab (basically different variations of the california roll). I tried a spicy tuna handroll and the fish was not fresh so I had to return it (since you're charged for not eating everything that's ordered from the "all you can eat").I stick with non-sushi items such as the udon or this teriyaki beef rice bowl. I do like the ninja meal (veggie and shrimp tempura, California roll, and teriyaki chicken) but I can only order it if my nephew comes along (for kids only-and they're really strict about it).  In fact they're so strict that my nephew ordered it and he drank a bottle of milk so he was too full to eat. They wouldn't even let us bring the kids meal home. We had to pay for it but we couldn't pack to go!
4	Generally, I wouldn't recommend a place if I wanted to keep it a secret. I would say something like, the place sucks and not to go there. I thought about it, but then then it might backfire and the place closes down. Therefore...Yes, I am a big fan. I'm not the biggest sushi lover as some people are, but when it's good, it's good. I do believe I've had a wide enough sample of restaurants to know the difference. This place is definitely a place I would recommend. The place is cool, kind of a drive from the strip, middle of nowhere strip mall with tumble weed crossings, inside is not TOO fancy, and not TOO much the other kind. But really you don't need to care much, as long as it's clean.The place is all you can eat, not all you can pay for. More like... You can eat all, for one set price (within two hours). Three of the four pages of the menu are all included for that price. And let me tell you, they had every roll I've ever seen or heard of along with many many more that I haven't. But there are also all the wonderful appetizers like the Rib Eye and Shrimp called "Surf and Turf" tucked all the way on the last page at the very end. Ya we ordered about 8 of those. That alone, would probably be worth the price. Between the seven of us we ordered more sushi than I could ever imagine. But it wasn't so much about the quantity but the quality was just as impressive. Of the different rolls I did try. I had, not one complaint. They were as good as I've had at any other Sushi restaurant. I'd go into the names and ingredients of the rolls but if you love sushi, and even if you don't just imagine the ones you like and it's probably on the menu.Service was pretty good considering how many people were eating all you can eat sushi in the restaurant. I really did expect the sushi to come out one every half hour. But I didn't even notice any wait between drinks, appetizers, sushi, more sushi, more appetizers and finally dessert. In fact, upon ordering an extra Miso soup, It seemed like it got to the table before I finished ordering it. They were that fast.Eating good food releases endorphins in your brain. A good sign that you just had a good meal with good friends is how much everyone is laughing at the end. And there was plenty of that to be had for everyone. The only reason Its not 5 stars, is because I've had some really good Sushi, but I can't order it here because it's usually a Chef Special at the other places.By the way, this place sucks.
2	I decided that I wanted AYCE sushi last night (Saturday) so I headed over to Oyshi.  I checked in with the host at about 8:30pm and was informed that it would be about 20 minutes for a table.  It was a nice night, so I just grabbed a chair on the sidewalk in front and waited for the other half of my party to arrive.  There were probably four or five other small groups of people milling about waiting for tables too.We were seated at the bar just after 9:00pm.  The place seemed pretty busy...  some uncleared tables, a couple large parties (one with kids) occupied the "VIP" rooms behind us.  It was on the noisy side, especially with the techno/house/electronica music pumping from the ceiling speakers above the four chef's stations.After a few minutes we were greeted by a friendly server who confirmed our AYCE preference, took our drinks and asked if we were ready to put in our first round of orders.  We were.  I started with miso soup, an assortment of nigiri style items, an "ahi poke" and an order of four oysters (limit 1).  Note:  I thought it was interesting that even though we were seated at the bar, our sushi requests were made with the server.  I guess the server was attempting to queue the orders for the very busy chefs.The nigiri items on first order arrived quickly and we were told be the chef in front of us that the oysters would be out in a "little while".  The nigiri items were nicely presented and of good quality.  The ahi poke was just a small clump of chopped tuna on top of a mix of seaweed salad and sprinkled with sesame seed (not exactly what I think of when I think poke, but I'm not trying to get techincal up in here son).The oysters came out a few minutes later.  They were covered in green onion, a bit of masago and a squirt of sriracha.  I can only assume that the toppings were meant to cover up the tasteless, been sitting in a fresh-water tank, half-dollar sized oysters.  Engh, I figured I'd keep moving forward, after all this was AYCE...Round two:  More nigiri (including surf clam, tamago, masago, quail egg, tako, and scallop), something called "oyshi scallop", and a spider roll.  We also ordered the chicken, beef and shrimp yakitori, which were all paired with asparagus and came sitting in a sweet teriyaki sauce.  Again the nigiri items were of nice quality.  I'm not sure we ever got the "oyshi scallop".  There were two items in the order that looked like a krab salad (the california roll stuff) that I was sure we didn't order.  The spider roll was basically a California roll with one meager soft-shell crab in it, and it had been covered in the same bbq sauce they put on the eel.Since I was disappointed with the Spider roll and I love soft-shell crab, I put in an order for a Monster roll, which was also supposed to have soft-shell crab in it.  What came out was something similar to the Spider (covered in the same eel sauce) only with the addition of a few slivers of eel and a refrigerator cold tempura shrimp stuffed into it.  Slow down on that eel sauce dawg.At this point, I was pretty full and done trying...  The sushi chef in front of us was closing down his station, giving it a quick wash down with a wet rag and mumbling something about this night being his "early out".  By this time the dining room was starting to clear out too, but the party with the kids were still in our audible vicinity.I finished up my second pot of hot tea (which was a nice quality loose leaf green) and enjoyed a green tea ice cream mochi ball.  Both of these items were good.After tipping out the chefs, server and taking care of the bill, I had spent about $75 for the two of us.  I'm not sure I'll be back anytime soon, but I made the best of it while I was there.
4	Went again last week and I finally experienced what other Yelpers have been saying  about the slow service.  They also forgot some of the things we ordered until we reminded them. Granted, we were a big group but the wait for some of our food was a tad bit too long.With that said, our waitress was polite as was the rest of the staff.  I have been to Oyshi plenty of times and this was the first time something like this happened, so it won't stop me from coming back next time I'm in town.
5	Best Sushi in Las Vegas.Best Service in Las Vegas.Best Atmosphere in Las Vegas.Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas.Best friendly staff in Las Vegas.Best Sake in Las Vegas.Best beer in Las Vegas.Best Salmon in Las Vegas - my favorite dish.Best appetizers in Las Vegas.Best music while eating Sushi.Will I go anywhere else for Sushi in Las Vegas? No. I drive to Oyshi from all corners of Vegas because why? It's simply the best.Best of Las Vegas.Best of Las Vegas.Best of Las Vegas.
4	Cool local sushi joint, shows paper view for free.  Must try the all you can eat, well worth it.
3	Going with three stars for a several reasons here: Went in just after 12 noon on a Sunday, and a large group of people was standing at the front. Several different parties of 2 or 3. We stood there ignored for about 10 minutes. Just as I was suggesting we bag it and go to the Korean place a few doors down, a server finally walked up to start seating people. The restaurant was not at all busy - there were only two tables of folks seated - and one person from another group walked back to the kitchen to ask if we were ever going to be seated. When we finally were seated, we were given two menus - one a sushi menu and one for the specials. We were asked for our drink order. Specials menu says they offer Pepsi and has photos of the entire Pepsi line, so I asked for a Pepsi. "Oh, sorry, we don't carry Pepsi. Coke ok?" Um, yeah, I guess so. Studying the menu, son and I both wanted the lunch special. So when the waiter comes back we asked for it. "Oh, sorry. We don't do the lunch specials on the weekend. It's dinner service all day only." Where does the menu say that? Oh right, it doesn't. So we have to choose the dinner special instead, at a significantly higher price. Dinner special comes with miso soup, which is brought out right away, and a salad so large it could serve as an entree itself, is right behind it. Then we are given our tempura, followed by sushi and California rolls. Problem again - there is too much food for lunch. Especially for a child. We could have split the dinner portion, but we weren't told it was going to be so huge. When I asked for a box at the end of the meal, the server frowned at me. Hey, I understand it if you don't let your all-you-can-eat sushi patrons take home their extras and the practice is banned in just about every place here. But I ordered a special, and it's too much freaking food for lunchtime. So don't frown at me when I ask for a box! The food itself was ok - I was a bit worried about some of the fish because it was room temperature. I'm a big believer in having it slightly chilled. You know - that pesky food poisoning thing. The miso didn't have any tofu in it, but the taste was ok. The salad had a miso ginger dressing on it that coated every piece, as if the salad was tossed in it. If you want your dressing on the side, better ask in advance. The tempura pieces were monstrous, but the onion was so greasy the coating came off. The sushi, as noted above, was mostly room temperature. I'm always a bit scared to eat it like that. And finally, the California rolls, made with artificial crabmeat, I can do without. Why do all sushi restaurants think we need those things? In a nutshell, mediocre food, a bit slow on the service and out of date menus, but they kept refilling husband's soda glass. Son and I didn't get a single refill.... Hmmmm Oh, and lest you think I complain about getting large portions - I generally don't!  I am happy to have leftovers to take home.  But in this case, it was a negative.
5	OYSHI - I LOOOOOVEEEEE YOU.  HAHAHA.  No joke, the Love Affair roll = Delicious, Tiger Roll = super delicious..... nice selection of rolls and such ...   everytime I go there my server has been awesome...  all you can eat Sushi... sad that you cant have the Sashimi all you can eat... but still for the $26 all you can eat price point... I am by no means disappointed by it... if they wanted to throw some in though, I would welcome it with open arms....
1	I was in Vegas on vacation recently and went to this restaurant based on it's Yelp ratings.  BIG MISTAKE!!! The service was slow and the sushi was awful.  It seemed like a good deal.. $21 for all you can eat sushi.  The trick, however, is that all their rolls have some sort of cream cheese or mayonnaise in it and make them so heavy and sweet tasting that you can't eat more than a few rolls.  If you like an extra helping of creamy toppings on your sushi than this place is for you.  If you prefer fresh sushi rolls the way they are supposed to be made than stay away!
5	Star # 1 - All you can eat sushi!  I mean that is a star in itselfStar # 2 - $26.95 for All you can eat sushi dinner ;) Good price because I can eat that much in sushi ...EASY!Star # 3 - I have been to other all you can sushi places in Vegas and this one has the most variety.  The side dish list is much longer than others and offers some good stuffStar # 4 - Customer service here is great. They treat you with great courtesy and always come back to make sure you are OK.Star # 5 - Restaurant setting.  I mean they play a little bit too much trance and should maybe mix in the some r&b, or commercial hip hop, but the ambiance is still cool.  They have modern decor, and TVs in visible areas to watch ESPN...perfect! haha!Come here hungry and beware how much you order.   Here are some good things I like to order:Side dishes:-Surf n Turf-Baked Mussels-Shrimp tempura-Edamame (warm and with some salt! lol)-Green Tea Ice Cream-Green Tea MochiSushi rolls:-Spicy Tuna Crunch-Spider Roll
5	really good sushi restaurant for those who like to eat a lot. The sushi is fresh and really good. Its a bit pricey but worth it.
4	great environment, great music (if you like techno), great food, great menu (some real good and nice signature rolls) , i took my girlfriend out there today and bill was 20.54 so prices are great, lousy service is its only downfall =/
5	OMG what a legit AYCE sushi place!!!!This is a sit down dining experience with the servers that come and wait on you, take your orders and bring your food to you.They actually make the rolls after you order. Everything on the menu is all go except for sashimi. $21 for lunch. =) Well worth it.Most def: try the green tea tiramisu. Only limit 1 dessert per person...
5	Great food, great price and Nice cozy place. Love that it's all you can eat but made to order. Buffet sushi never appealed to me so this restaurant was a wonderful find. Will go anytime we are in Vegas!
5	My boyfriend & all his buddies introduced me to this place, and all I can say is amazing!I love, love, LOVE sushi and this is hands down one of the best places I have ever eaten sushi at. The employees are always super duper nice and accommodating, the food is delicious, and it's in a nice area. We always get the all you can eat, duh!! ;]I'm from NY so whenever I visit my bf in Vegas, I always come here at least once. Don't forget to order the parfait for dessert!!
5	The AYCE sushi is one of the best I have had. A new favorite of mine
1	So, after doing much research, hoping to find a great alternative to my usual spot for AYCE sushi, I decided on Oyshi, solely because of the great reviews I saw here on Yelp. I looked up the website, called and asked about prices, and finally my boyfriend and I decided to make the trip out. We arrived at about 8:30pm, and it was a Friday night, so I expected it to be bustling. During our wait to be seated,  I scoped out the crowd, and noticed the usual. Mostly those under the age of 30, large groups of them in fact, and figured this must be their spot before they hit the clubs, considering their attire. Well, it was either that or the fact that the music in the restaurant sounded as if you were already in a night club. It must be set on Pandora or something. Anyway, it was only about a 15 minute wait, which wasn't bad at all. So, besides my observations of the restaurant ambiance and demographic, we finally were able to look at the menu. My boyfriend usually orders the nigiri, so we got the usual garlic tuna, albacore, cajun albacore, and decided to try the Oyshi scallops. As for the rolls, I decided on the Sibuya No Rice, Coco, and a Bonsai. I also decided to get the agedashi tofu, grilled beef asparagus, baked mussels and seaweed salad. This was only the first round after all.We were excited to eat until the food arrived on our table. First the nigiri, the presentation was obviously not of any importance, but you can't judge a book by its cover, so we took a few bites anyway. Verdict, the garlic tuna was DISGUSTING. It smelled and tasted like spoiled blood. I've had garlic tuna many times at many other restaurants, and this one had to be the worst. It even looked slimy, not because of the sauce, just itself.the albacore was seared, and also tasted old. It had the same garlic sauce poured over it as the garlic tuna, and it was mushy.the Oyshi scallops I thought were going to be "OISHI" but, definitely not. They mixed it with crab meat, and very light mayo, and it fell apart immediately as I tried to pick it up. the cajun albacore had TOO MUCH cajun seasoning! I usually love cajun albacore, and this was too much for my palate, on top of that it was DRY.my boyfriend got his usual spicy tuna hand rolls as well, and the spicy tuna looked a little spoiled. on to the rolls,the Bonsai, had the cajun albacore on it as well, but I had to bear it to see if the spicy tuna in the center was at least average. The roll as a whole was not to my liking.the Coco, was probably the most decent roll on table, probably because each of the ingredients in it were fully cooked.the Sibuya No Rice, again with the spicy tuna... eh.the appetizers,the agedashi tofu is usually my favorite appetizer!!! It came out looking as if it were just fried up, and I commend the presentation on this one, but the center was cold, the sauce was not tasty, and I hate that it is not "bite-size" as most Japanese cuisine is known to be. the seaweed salad was not a bright green and although it was crispy, it had an ugly after taste, I've had better, let's just leave it at that.the grilled beef asparagus was drizzled in teriyaki sauce. The asparagus was perfect, but the beef wrapped around it was dry somehow.the baked mussels were not baked enough, and the yumyum sauce was pretty tasteless. I was disappointed already, but decided to take another round of appetizers, since I knew the sushi wasn't going to be very enjoyable. I settled for calamari, shrimp/veg tempura, edamame, asian style skirt steak, and some other things that were just not memorable enough.I knew it was bad when I was scarfing down edamame and tempura. The calamari looked good, but the dipping sauces  (ranch and a mayo/mustard mix) could have been more "asian" I guess? My boyfriend ate the skirt steak (aka Korean bulgogi, in my opinion). He even commented "I'm eating beef, which is probably the last thing I would expect to eat at a Sushi restaurant."With that said, it smelled as if something was burning the entire night we were there! Hm, it was overall a disappointing experience.  We have both gone to many sushi restaurants, with my list including restaurants in Hawaii and San Francisco, California, and I wanted to seriously give this place a chance. Unfortunately, Oyshi just did not live up to the hype!On a side note though, my waitress was very helpful, and service was mediocre, but that's about it.
4	ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI and they have a wide variety for the AYCE not just strictly California Rolls like some other places. The menu contains things like sushi, beef, oysters, etc. When you order, it's appetizer/ tapas size so you're usually left ordering more, and more, and more. The food is great, pretty quality stuff. Atmosphere is nice, pretty modernized decor, nothing fancy but classy. I like that they have private rooms for those looking to have an event celebrated there. We went there for a friend's birthday and the room that we had fit about 8 people comfortably and even had a TV in there. We were able to watch a football game. I believe that there is another room that fits more people. Service was great, they took real good care of us and even gave the birthday boy ice cream with a candle and sang happy birthday. The times that we sit at the sushi bar, the sushi chefs chit chat with you. When we're craving sushi and know that we're bout to consume lots of it, we go here.
5	The sushi was great!  It was fresh and had great preserntation.  If you like both the traditional and contemporary sushi, this is the place to go.   I recommend getting the "all you can eat" selection.  You can order appetizers, rolls, hot food, and a dessert.  For $26.00 plus tip & tax, it's a grea value.  They also have a private room for small parties.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I must make a stop at OYSHI. The best ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi joint in the universe. San Jose, you have nothing on this Las Vegas joint. The service was awesome. The waiter was very attentive and had a very positive attitude. I really don't remember what I got exactly: it's always just a blur of food.. What I can tell you is that the food isn't pre-made like a buffet They make it as you order it. So the food always comes out fresh and delicious.I shall TRY to remember what I ate:MUSSELS: Creamy mayo sauce on top. Goes down so good!OYSTERS: Small but delicious. The green onions and chili sauce make it awesome.LOVE AFFAIR: If you love crunchy, you'll love this. Shrimp tempura, lobster and CRUNCH FLAKES. SPICY TUNA CRUNCH: Kinda like a jalapeno pepper popper but BETTER. I think you get the ideas as well as getting a feel on how much you can freakin eat here! One last thing: You have to get the CREME BRULEE at the end of your meal. Crunch sugary top and a creamy inside. Who can resist?
3	I just love it when AYCE sushi places not only serve sushi but all the different tapas style appetizers! Dinner is priced at $26.95.Service is usually very good. Last time I went, had to wait 20 mins for a table (it was a little busy) and the waiter did not come around as much as I had hoped for. Our water and teas were never refilled without asking. But the other times I have gone prior, service was fine.When it comes to sushi at Oyshi, ah, I've had better. Their spicy tuna for me was too mushy. I like spicy tuna when the tuna is cut into chucks then mixed with the spicy mayo. So, I was quite disappointed with that. The salmon nigiri was fresh and quite tasty though. I try to stay away from the rolls because they are huge, will become quite full from one roll. Whenever I find myself at Oyshi, I tend to order a few nigiris then I ransack the appetizer menu! lol. I love the steak. It comes out sizziling on top cabbage and onions. They also have, shrimp/vegetable tempura, bacon wrapped asparagus, scallop poppers, oysters, agedashi tofu, etc.Oyshi used to be a favorite of mine for AYCE sushi, but after discovering Island Sushi... I don't know if I will be back to Oyshi.
4	Good for all you can eat sushi. Service the last time I was there was bad but probably because I came with a group of 10 people. Never had a problem before with the service.
5	We were just there on Sunday night and was very pleased with everything.  This was our first time there and we sat at the bar and had a blast of a time.  The guys behind the counter making the sushi were attentive to our needs and made us laugh.When we go back to Vegas, we will make sure to go back to Oyshi Sushi again and bring friends.
5	The sushi is awesome but this update is mostly for the service:unfortunately, i did not catch our servers names but.... everytime I go, he's usually there.Both servers were incredibly nice and despite it being close to closing time, they were very upbeat! We didn't finish all the sushi for all you can eat but they allowed us to take it home. We just had to pay for another roll. Not a bad deal!
1	Plenty of sauce and plenty of rice.  You're better off going to a real buffet that doesn't add tons of sauce to everything you order so that it makes you gag.  Gagging will prevent you from eating more food.  In this case, the "quality" is not even up to par with Todai or any other buffet that serves mediocre sushi.  For $5 you can get a jar of mayonnaise or thousand island dressing to eat with your rice so that you can meet your 3000 calorie intake of carbs.Avoid this place if you are a true sushi connoisseur, or simply like to eat good quality food.
4	The food was good and the price was right.We ordered my nephew the Ninja meal which came with a house salad, miso soup, half california roll, teriyaki chicken.For my niece we ordered the Cheesy Katsu meal and that came with a house salad, miso soup, and 3 sauces on the side of katsu sauce, honey mustard, and nacho cheese and a good size of katsu. The kids meals didn't come with rice so we ordered each a bowl on the side.It was alot of food for just the kids, my boyfriend and I ended up eating the left overs and we were stuffed.. it was definetly worth $6 each for the kids meal excluding the bowls of rice.My boyfriend had the unagi bowl which was perfect as we both shared 1 big bowl of rice unagi and grilled onions which was Delish, an order of a rainbow roll which was ok, as it didn't have avocado :(  but it still took care of my craving for sushi and a salmon handroll which was ok as I've gone to other resturaunts that pack it with salmon and the slices are big.  I like oyshi.
5	THIS BUFFET IS HEAVEN!Everytime I visit Vegas I will have to visit Oyshi. I live in Chicago and basically Oyshi's sushi buffet kicks all the other sushi buffet's butts in Chicago. Oyshi has a very contempory & modern decor to it, with a cool geisha painting on one of the huge walls. My dinner at Oyshi was so fast, I couldn't even comprehend the food I ate. For starters - the mussels are a MUST and so is the ahi poke which is very fresh tuna. Their sushi selection on the menu is so vast you don't even know what to order. If I had to pick only one sushi roll from the menu it would have to be the volcano roll.The price is definitely worth this buffet which is around $26.
4	Dawn C. and I decided to try a new place today for our sushi lunch, and decided on Oyshi based on the Yelp reviews and the fact that it was close enough to my work for me to get there eat and get back in around an hour. Oh, am I ever glad we decided to try a new place today! Oyshi is great, $21 AYCE lunch with a huge selection to choose from. We sat at the bar and had almost impeccable service. We did to request plates (they did not bring them out with the wasabi) but everyone that helped us was so pleasant and upbeat, and our drinks were refilled without us ever having to flag someone down. Our check was also brought out before we requested it, which I always appreciate when I am on my lunch break. We started out with some edamame, which is serves warm with a sprinkling of salt. We also tried the beef wrapped asparagus because a reviewer recommended it. It was ok, but I was there to eat fish not beef... so it was on to the rolls. We tried the Red Rock, a new roll called the Sexy something-or-other, Baked Philadelphia Roll and the Japanese Lasagna. All were very tasty. Some people may be turned off by the amount of sauce put on the rolls but I personally liked it. Rolls that come with sauces on top say so on the menu so if that's not your style, just ask the sushi chef to leave it off! For desert we had the green tea tiramisu and the berry parfait. The blueberries on the parfait were still crunchy from being frozen, and the tiramisu wasn't really as good as I had hoped. But I was so stuffed from the sushi it's probably better for my figure that the deserts weren't to die for! I will certainly be revisiting Oyshi on another lunch break in the near future.
5	Best all you can eat sushi I've had! I was SO surprised at their huge selection for all you can eat! Not only are their rolls all you can eat... so are their appetizers :D Although they limit desserts to 1 per customer, I left completely satisfied! The restaurant is very clean, and the environment was enjoyable. When I went, we came in a large group so they put us in the side room, so it was a little more difficult to get a hold of the waiter, but they came by often enough to keep taking our orders. DEFINITELY will be going back when I'm in vegas!
4	Me and Jessie B. wanted to try someplace new so we ended up here. And boy were we glad we did! The service was top notch and the rolls were huge and yummy!!The price was great as well for lunch..I think it was 21 bucks!They have a full bar but we came for the sushi.And I am sure we will be back soon.
2	Had to give my two cents given all the overblown reviews this place has. Don't get me wrong the sushi was not bad - the albacore was tasty even though it was warm. Two of the rolls were ok, not delicious, but good. What this place needs to step up in is on service. Staff friendly but not as attentive as they could've been. I never received my Sapporo and was billed for it (I didn't pay for it).I imagine the trick is ordering the AYCE. The table next to us had it and received regular service, in fact, their water glasses were filled while ours were left empty. Place is not worth the lengthy drive from the strip.
4	I used to live in Green Valley and there was a great AYCE place on GVP and Pebble. It's closed now. I found that out the hard way many many moons ago. We used that place as a crutch and were afraid to try a new place (for fear it would not live up to the old place standards). I had passed Oyshi many times running errands and after driving back to the Southwest area of town, broken hearted about the closure of our "comfort zone" sushi venue, we decided to go to Oyshi and give it a try. I am happy to report that we were very satisfied and have been back MANY times. Recommendations 1. Do the AYCE. We've calculated MANY times what our meal would have cost with out AYCE and we always come up winners. 2. Don't go on Friday or Saturday nights if you are starving and just can't wait. It's busy, and that should say quite a bit about the quality. I don't mind the crowd or the wait, but sometimes my stomach wishes we had gotten there a little earlier. Likes 1. House music in the background 2. TVs behind the sushi bar for the sports fans. 3. Ample bar seating - we ALWAYS sit at the bar4. Extensive menu5. Chef willing to let you make up your own rolls :)We try to hit up Oyshi once a month or more if the Sushi cravings are just to hard to resist. I highly recommend. Yum (salivating as I write this)
4	21 for lunch and 26 for dinner all u can eat sushi buffet. Niceeeeeee...During dinner they also open up the option to get 4 oysters/person!! Lunch doesn't have that so take advantage of that.Also try to cajun seared albacore. OMGAHHHHHHHHHH best thing I ate there. I wish I discovered it the first time I went there.
4	Went there for the AYCE and the food was really great. They even made something for my vegetarian girlfriend. Service was good too. Overall, had a great experience..
5	This is one of my favorite sushi places! The oysters are my fave aside from the unique rolls they have cause of the sauce they use. "All you can eat" is well worth it here & their customer service is great. Food takes a while to come out sometimes but it depends on what you order. So worth the wait though! One of the best rolls they have is the "love affair". You'll love it cause I do. :)
3	I used to love Oyshi until they got too popular and now their service is not so great. The first couple of times when I went there, we would get greeted right away and seated not too long after that. The servers were friendly and checked up on me and my guests every so often. The food was great and there are so many unique, quality items on their menu. One would think they could only get better. Nope.The first time they messed up, I came with friends and had AYCE, my roll never came. I had to ask for it twice and even after that, it never came. I was fine with it because the other roll I ordered did come but the roll that didn't was my favorite.The second time was when one of the female servers brought us two of the same roll when we only ordered one. When we told her, she made it seem like it was someone else's fault. I later found out that she makes this mistake all the time. Good thing she didn't charge us for it. My friend said she dislikes getting this server because she always messes up the orders by forgetting what you ordered or giving you something totally different. Why she's still there? Who knows.The third screw up was today. I walked in and no one greeted me. At least five people looked at me and didn't say anything. My two friends later joined me. We maybe stood there for 10 minutes until someone finally said "we'll be right with you." Gee. Thanks. We finally got seated and we got the same absent-minded female server. Of course, she forgot to bring out our appetizers. Don't get me wrong. She's a lovely woman, but she should not be serving.On the plus side, Oyshi has great food and a great AYCE that includes appetizers and desserts; however, I do know there are plenty of great sushi places that have just as decent AYCE and better quality service.Oyshi better step up their game if they want to keep up their repertoire.
3	Hip and trendy. Probably the most attentive service I had in a long time! The server constantly asked us if we needed anything and made sure our glasses were filled with water. The place is clean, aesthetically pleasing. They have an all you can eat deal for 20 bucks for lunch..but I decided to go with a la carte. I ordered the Chirashi bowl hoping to fill my craving of when I get the Korean version called Hweh do bap. The rice had too much vinegar flavoring, the sashimi wasn't cut thin enough and didn't taste too fresh at that. My search is still on for THE BEST SUSHI in town.
5	Ted, many of the girls in our group are in love with you. From your sweet smile to your jovial manner in serving a party of 15.My friend had her birthday dinner here and we could not have asked for a better waiter than Ted. He was so attentive, happy, and energetic, especially with a mess of us indecisive girls and boys.All you can eat sushi for $26! I ordered a la carte, but a majority of everyone did the AYCE. It is a great deal and usually, when you get such a good deal, you tend to sacrifice quality, but everything was really good. Fresh, amazing, whatever adjective you would like to use.I really wish I could bring this place back home.OYSHI ME!P.S. My friend thought this place was near the strip, it was HELLA far away, so in case you plan to go, grab a lot of people and hop in a limo. It's the best way to do it.
2	They served good quality fish, but they used waaaay to much rice.  And the sushi man must have had a bad day because the rice was kind of dry and was hard to swallow.  I asked them to reduce the amount of rice and they said that is standard for all-you-can-eat (hardly, ive been to many and only one other serves that much rice Kobe - right up the block, read my review of that one!).
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try this new sushi restaurant on Sunday for dinner since it was just opened right by our apartment. The sign "All You Can Eat" really lured us in. As we walked in, we immediately noticed the decor and thought it was so modern and clean. The place looked very inviting and the hip "ultra lounge" type music was cool, too. We sat at the sushi bar and opted for the all you can eat for $26 each. The menu had several good choices and all the food items, excluding sashimi, was included on the all you can eat. The quality and portions were pretty good too. We made sure we got our money's worth..and we did!  And they serve redbean ice cream as one of the dessert options. I would totally recommend this place if you want to try a new sushi restaurant in the Southwest part of Las Vegas. Great date night place, hint..hint to all you guys wanting to impress a girl.
3	For $21 (lunch) or $26 (dinner) you can indulge in all you can eat sushi and sides. The difference between lunch and dinner is that lunch excludes oysters and something else they list on the front of the menu. Aside from that, you can indulge in any roll or hot item. Sashimi's off limits. Keep in mind that the rolls, regular priced, run for about $13 each so you might as well pay the $26 the ayce option and sample as much as you feel like... unless you're one of those freaks that can eat ONE roll and be satisfied... The catch to the rolls was as I suspected- tons of rice. One roll was so loaded that I felt my body refusing to chew any more of it. The sushi was another story- the amount of rice was fair. Oh, and sidenote, you're charged regular price for anything you remove or fail to consume the rice from. It seems that the best way to fill up without tapping out too early is to focus on the hot items and sushi- fill up on surf and turf, calamari, and ahi poke salad and pick maybe one or two rolls that sound too good to deny yourself of them. Or, you could be me and go roll crazy and have to fight yourself to chew. There are very tempting dessert options, of which you're limited to one (sad!) Bring friends and share all four. The mochi (mango or raspberry) was tiny, but I can imagine it was a refreshing treat. I had the creme brulee and my friend had the green tiramisu. Both were absolutely wonderful. The green tiramisu was a first for me and it was so exciting to eat. Creamy, yet subtle, yet sweet. The only qualm I have with my experience was that we were there on a day when the sushi kitchen was hopelessly backed up. All of our hot food came out quickly, but the sushi took what felt like forever to appear. It became an issue for friends who didn't order hot food and waited well over an hour to eat anything. Luckily the two-hour ordering limit was not applied to us or else this would be a fishy deal!
4	My friend suggested that we check this place out.  I was pleasantly surprised that the venue was much bigger than I thought it was.  Also the All You Can Eat Menu had a lot of different things that I haven't seen on other menus around town.  The sushi was great.  The one roll I compare restaurants with is the salmon skin roll and I liked it here.
5	This place has a great all you can eat sushi menu. Everything on the menu is included in the price except for sashimi. I've tried almost everything on the menu and i loved it. Even the hot item menus were delicious! One of my favorites since it's real close to my house. Make sure you either go early or later since dinner time can have a wait around 7ish.
4	very clean.  Good food.  too bad it's so crowded now.  Worth the wait though.
5	I was coming through vegas on my move across country, and great friend said he wanted to take me out for sushi.  This was a special occasion for several occasions:  we were meeting after knowing each other online for ten years, it was a few days before my birthday and most importantly, I'd never eaten sushi before. I told him to pick somewhere really special and where I could try several different things because I wasn't sure what I'd like.  He said that Oyshi was all you can eat, which meant I could sample just about anything I wanted.We ordered everything. This little guy put away about 18 pieces of yellowtail.  I tried it and it was ok, though the rolls were definitely the star.  The fried calimari was amazing.  We ordered fantasy roll, sexy roll, love affair, and dragon roll.  It was all amazing! if I had to pick my favorite, it was the love affair.  We also got seaweed salad, sweet shrimp, and fried scallops. The only thing I didn't care for was octopus, but it was a personal preference.  it was amazingly good, all of it, and they were so nice! Service was excellent and since 2 people in our party were almost an hour and a half late, they even let us stay longer than the two hours allowed.  It was the best first experience having sushi that I could've had!
3	First of all, I'm a sushi chef.  I had the all you can eat here. For the fish, which you should always have first, was poor quality.  I gave that a 2.   As for the rolls if you like deep fried and spicy sauce all the way I gave it a 3.5 but it gets tiring real fast.  Many of the rolls where they say soft shell crab mix, only means 95% imitation crab mixed with 5% soft shell crab.  Was horrible.  Anyway I'm pretty sure if your not a sushi advocate then this place will be just as good for you, but I'm use eating good, real good so I'll give it an average rating of 3. The server was on point though.  Had to end it off with something nice i suppose.
5	Best sushi in the southwest!
5	This place is right next door to my house.  We came here when they first opened up and fell in love with it ever since.  Every dining experience has been excellent - the service is always friendly and attentive and food perfectly cooked/prepared.   We did a few ala cartes but most of the time it's always AYCE, both lunch and dinner.  Heck if they had breakfast I would do that too.  Most sushi places have a few items that are exceptional and a few not so great, but everything here range from good to phenomenal.  Let me talk a bit about their sashimi items.  I love sashimis and this place has some of the best sashimis i've ever eaten.  Their Seared Albacore with crispy onion in ginger sauce is oh so heavenly.  The only  problem is their sashimis are not included with the AYCE menu and that's understandable because the sashimis are pricier.  Another one is the Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and ponzu sauce.  OMG this melts in your mouth and it should be called screaming orgasm for your mouth!  amazing stuff!  How about this "Tuna sashimi with shaved daikon in a chef special sauce"? Everytime i finish this plate I want to lick the sauce off the plate but there's always people around me.  Now for their rolls.  They make the typical rolls like Rainbow, Dragon, Spider, Dynamite and Catepillar taste amazing.  Flavor explosion with every bite.  They have a few rolls that are wrapped in thin soy paper sheet that are not as filling as the ones with rice.  Some days I do low carb and i would order a bunch of these.  Pink Lady and Oh My Heart are my favorites.  If you like scallop make sure you order the Volcano, baked scallop with yum yum sauce.  Side dishes and appetizers are very small when you order with AYCE and that's a good thing cuz you just want to taste the variety of stuff.  Finish off with some mochi's and you can die happy.
5	Me and the wife love this place. The food is excellent. Service is slow at times, but the All you can eat price makes up for it.
5	Love the food here, the sushi chefs are fast and friendly.
5	The BEST sushi in town! It is a favorite spot for me and my friends. Have introduced some friends and clients to there from out of state, and it has now become a staple restauraunt whenever they come into town! Has a VIP room and a conference room for larger parties. Plasmas on the walls to watch the games and fights!The staff is ultra friendly and is always around to check out how you are doing. has both all you can eat for lunch and dinner as well as entree, appetizer and dessert items!
5	for all you can eat, you can't beat this place... service is great and the ambiance is pretty trendy, especially if they play trance during your dinner... can't beat that...
5	Thanks Neal V-G for recommending this place!! Great place to eat before a bachelor party.5 Star rating for sure, here's why:Came here after a 3 hour trip from Los Angeles. Arrived around 4pm, with a group of 12. Was seated promptly in the back private room. Drinks were served quickly, left us with a large jug of ice water= awesome. Waiter was very polite and patient with our large group of guys. We all ordered different rolls and shared them. Each roll was delicious. Presentation, taste and size of content to each roll was perfect. I remember getting the Rattle snake, Heart attack, Lobster fare,  shrimp tempura, miso soup, fried scallops, warm saki and calamari. Absolutely no complaints of any item ordered.  Best, made to eat, all you can eat eat (AYCE) sushi joint ever. Caution: Do not over order!! Take your time and enjoy each item is my advice. After your first roll you will want to go berzerk and order everything on the menu, trust me just enjoy and order what you can finish. You may feel pressured by the two hour time limit, but don't worry you will have plenty of time and the food is served pretty quickly.
5	I am a big fan of sushi.  We were apartment hunting and one of the leasing agents told us about Oyshi Sushi.  We were glad we did.  It was a very refreshing change from our normal haunting place here in Silverado Ranch.  Oyshi is very nice.  Most of their patrons are young adults and they have pop music in the background.  We really liked the ambiance of the restaurant.  The best part was the food, for an AYCE dinner, it is somewhat on the pricey side but we wanted to try their extensive sushis.  They have hand rolls, cut sushi, baked, deep fried, fusion, vegetarian, specialty, and sashimi (this isn't included in the AYCE price though).  You can also have some appetizers and various salads, rice bowls, and dessert with the AYCE price.  For the two of us with regular drinks, we spent $61 ($71 with tip), so as you can see, it can get pricey.  Now, for the review of the food.  We ordered AYCE and we ate our fill of sushi.My order:1) Deep fried Philly - loved it!  It was cooked well and not dried up.  The sauce on it is enough that it doesn't require soy sauce to enjoy.2) Rainbow Roll - so fresh and tasty.3) Tiger Roll - it was so beautiful and enjoyed it immensely.4)  Double Salmon - I enjoy salmon so this was a no brainer.My partner:1)  Supreme Vegetarian -  he liked it but it was wrapped in soy paper.  He liked the veggies that were rolled in the "sushi."2)  Hawaiian Roll - this is a definite thing to order!3)  California Roll - they were done well as they should be.  It is a staple in any sushi place.4)  Japanese Lasagna - this one is baked.  He wasn't a fan of cooked sushi.Then, the heavenly bites of dessert came.  My partner had the Strawberry Mochi and I had the Creme Brule.  I have to say, the Creme Brule was a taste of heaven.  I was so glad we got this for sure.To end my LONGEST review(so far), this sushi place is definitely a go to place for us.  The ambiance was awesome, the food were tasty, and over all, its a definite place to try out.  Just be sure your wallet can afford the bill.
4	been here several times. 1st time was for my 24th birthday. they dont take reservations, which was hard to plan out with 18+ people, but they were able to accommodate all of us, and the people who trickled in late. for the amount of people we had, the service was great! they even gave me a small bottle of hot sake on the house for waiting :]the foods always been consistent every time i've come back. im not too big on the rolls (although there are a few i like). i get my fill on the hot items and appetizer items. they've added salad bowls and rice bowls as well.favorites: poke, seaweed salad, oysters (dinner only), ribeye (its not a complete meal if i dont order at least 5 orders for myself), hamachi, salmon, and a few others. i only rated a 4 because service is never consistent. we sat at the bar one night, and had excellent service from our server (again, the name escapes me. i should really write these down!). another time, a group of maybe 9 or 10 of us went in for lunch, and if i remember right they were short handed at the sushi bar. hot food items came out before rolls did, and half of our groups didnt come out until the end of the meal (after asking servers several times about our food. the disappointing part was the table next to us got their food way before we did, and they sat well into half of our meal). this place is definitely a must try, if you've never been. but a regular spot? probably not. as a college student, its hard to pay $30 (including tip) for one meal as often as i'd like to. but when i do have some extra money, i will definitely be back!
4	The fish is unbelievably fresh for the desert.  The all you could eat menu is not limited to the sushi but practically every thing on their regular menu from steak appetizer to shrimp tempura and even includes dessert.  I would have given them a 5 star, but their wait staff seems to be inconsistent.  We have been away from Las Vegas for over 2 years now and we haven't found a replacement in L.A. or the Bay Area and plan to go back every time we are in Vegas.
4	There's no other food out there that I can say that I could every single day.  With as much sushi choices as there are, who can ever get tired of eating it?! Seriously. When I first discovered this place, I was so enamored by their flavor and service, that I told every single person looking for a good place to eat, local or tourist, that they HAVE to go to Oyshi Sushi and get AYCE!I'm a big fan of nigiri and I highly recommend their nigiri because the ratio of fish to rice is 80-20. The fish they use is very fresh and they use a huge slice! OMG! My top list of nigiri: Cajun albacore, salmon, and eel! Have to have it every time.  Also highly recommended: Love Affair, Salmon Lover, Sunrise, and Red Dragon.  Their appetizers are awesome as well, but the ones that stick out the most that some sushi bars don't have are: Surf & Turf, Potato Croquette, grilled beef asparagus, and the Unagi (eel) bowl! Mmmmm!They also do dinner reservations if you have a large party coming. They have VIP rooms that can accommodate large parties if you call ahead.  I've sat in their VIP rooms and their chairs are extra comfortable. The dining area near the entrance has a huge mural that gives this place it's feel and vibe. If you speak to the sushi chefs, they're pretty funny too! And if you're cool with waiting a little bit to be seated, get your Oyshi on!
2	Sigh. We were *really* looking forward to this after all the stellar reviews. I've been to Vegas many times and always thought the best sushi would be at some swank place on The Strip, but Yelp claimed otherwise.The good: The food was, overall, fine. We didn't do All You Can Eat because my wife wanted two orders of sashimi (salmon and hamachi). Both were excellent. Nice large meaty pieces, well trimmed, nicely presented. We had two rolls each, which were fine but nothing special. I also had two orders of nigiri.The bad: We arrived around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was MAYBE half full. It more than half hour before our first piece of food came out. It was 40 minutes before I saw any of my order. The (nice) server came by at 30 minutes and offered us free miso soup to help pass the time. Meanwhile we watched every other table in the place get multiple orders of sushi delivered. Completely unimpressed, and cost them several stars.Other issues: I asked if they had aji bones they could deep fry, and the server went off to find out but never came back to tell me yes or no. My aji nigiri had the tiniest pieces of aji I've ever eaten on top. It tasted fine, but they amounted to table scraps, not at all like the beautiful pieces of sashimi my wife got.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars. The rolls are really good and they have a variety of different ones to choose from. I think I'm a third done with trying all the different rolls.Last time I went they were very pleasant and attentive to our drinks and our rolls came out in a timely fashion. (Which I love cause nothing sucks more than having to wait for AYCE. You get full faster.) This experience varied extremely different over my first visit where it felt like they couldn't wait for us to leave!I can happily say that Oyshi has taken up my favorite spot on this side of town. It beat Nagoya hands down.
4	Found this place using the Yelp mobile app (so glad I did) - they have an all-you-can-eat menu, plenty of specialty rolls, and the tempura is awesome! Went with a big group of friends and everyone seemed to enjoy what they had. I got a spicy tuna handroll (yum) and one of the specialty tempura rolls which was also good. Service was a bit slow (hence the -1 star) but otherwise everything else was enjoyable!
5	Great sushi...All u can eat... Redrock, tigerroll, popcorn scallops and Japanese ribeye awesome!!!
1	Owner shows up late and place couldn't open for lunch, just lost a sushi fan due to lack of business ownership!
5	TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS: Best and freshest sushi place in town!  If you can splurge for all you can eat It Is definitely the way to go!  Super selection-The yellowtail and garlic tuna are amazing!  Fresh everytime  and melts in your mouth.  Top 5  favorite rolls - I think what makes these so good is the eel sauce (slightly sweet):1) Atomic bomb (kind of a sad name for a japanese roll but I digress) - spicy jalapeno on top and siracha2) Monster roll - huge but has all the goodies 3) Simply shrimp- light and sweet4) Red dragon- spicy tuna roll sweet and spicy yum!5) Tiger roll - similar to red dragon buy with shrimp tempura addedJust tried their hand roll last night - They have a killer shrimp and avocado one. Not on the menu but they'll make it for you. Appetizers:Seaweed saladExcellent tempura-always fresh and hot never oilySurf and turf-steak and shrimp appetizer. One order enough for two people to shareDesserts (all you can eat is one dessert per person)Mochi of course!!Yogurt parfait is big, especially after a large meal, but very tastySome negatives:Oyshi can get really busy.  They do take reservations and have two private rooms available.  Also, not a big fan of the "baked sushi" although the california crunchy roll is pretty good if you like baked.All in all, this is my favorite sushi place in town and really hard to beat.  This place is a "must" for any yelper!
3	Went again yesterday with a group of 7. It seems as if the service gets worse, which is a shame because the food is still great. After we placed our first orders, it took almost 25 minutes for the first items to come out. Again, this waiter forgot a handful of our items and we had to remind him multiple times. One of my friends was really upset because he ordered 5 things from the menu in the beginning and it took 45 minutes for them to bring out just one! Like I said, the food was still great but having to wait what seems forever for your plates ruins the whole experience. They state you have a 2 hour limit, but what's the point if you are waiting for your food for more than half that time?On a plus side, they did add new items to their AYCE menu; more rolls, salads, and rice bowls. I tried most of the new rolls and they were fantastic!This isn't a go-to place for me  anymore but it will be if the services quality catches up to the food on my next couple of visits.
1	I have been here about 10 times, everytime except my last visit has been 5 stars ayce sushi with 3 star service.  The lasttime I went may be my last though.  When in the bathroom I saw a server use the toilet and NOT WASH HIS HANDS, I was beyond disgusted and just flat out left...  GROSS.  Sucks cause this was always my go to sushi spot in Vegas!  Just thought others should know what I saw.
5	hands down. this is by far the best sushi place in all of vegas. i havent been to all, but  ive been to many sushi spots. ive explored what every sushi place i've been to has to offer as their signature rolls. but ive gotta say, Oyshi's all you can eat, is worthy of my twenty something dollars. reborn and raised on the turfs of this restaurant. speaking of,  surf & turf on a sizzling platter!? part of the all you can eat menu. come on. get real. they are. their "love affair" is part of my oyshi diet. its busy at night, you may have to wait. worth the wait. they even have 3 private rooms available to reserve if you're having a big group or a special occassion. good times every single visit. i have no complaints. if i had any complaints. its far from my house. but really worth the drive. it makes me appreciate them even more.
3	The ambiance was very nice, but it was a little pricier than i was looking to pay especially for the all u can eat sushi. Its not a bad place to eat; it lends itself to groups well. But i will say, i've only been once and never needed to go back.
5	I've came here too many times for an auditor to keep track. I've came here for a dinner date with my BF, to enjoy company of good friends, to celebrate birthdays and even left family stories here. What I mean to say is that.. This place is good for any occasion and anyone.Of course they have ALLYOUCANEAT at 20sum dollars. Just ordering more than two dishes is already worth that 20sum. Different rice bowls (suchas unagi), surf&turf, baked mussles, desserts and so much more are included in your 20sum dollars. If there's anything specific I'm looking for in a sushi spot.. It would be Cajun Albacore & Tempura fried ice cream. This place doesn't have temp. ice cream, but they do have the best Cajun Albacore. The flavor is mouth watering! And you can't even see the rice with this huge savory slice over it. I eat these like chips!The service here is pretty friendly, especially if you sit at the bar. I mean what's better than interacting with the chef making your food?! This place has three private rooms for group parties. One of them is a lounge with individual sofa chairs and a big LCD TV.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in town. We eat here (and order to go) very frequently. They have really fresh fish and some interesting combinations. My favorite roll is the screaming roll, with shrimp tempura, cajun albacore, avocado and ponzu sauce. Yum! Their dinners are great, like the sukiyaki, rib-eye teriyaki and asian style skirt steak. Also love their appetizers, like popcorn scallops and calamari tempura.
4	Its not Nobu. Its not Yellowtail.  It does not compare to the top quality sushi I get back in Hawaii BUT you can have an entire meal for the price of just two pieces of sushi at the other places.  $21 for lunch.  $26 for dinner.  All you can eat (with some exclusions).The food is good and well seasoned.  Fish is reasonably fresh.  Rolls are creative and good eats.  Excellent interpretation of classic sushi dishes.The ambiance is a little weird (nightclub meets strip mall Japanese sushi joint) but who cares.  The food and service are good and the price is right.
3	For $26, get the all-you-can-eat menu.  The sushi is only ok and not authentic Japanese food.  The fresh oysters, ika with massago, uni, beef terriyaki, and salad are not bad.  The service and chefs are really friendly.
4	Oyshi is a great place to hang out with friends and family during lunch to check out the fun atmosphere.  If you are a fan of sashimi, then this is the place to be.
4	The best way to go is the All-you-can-eat way. Otherwise, you'd spend way more ordering a la carte. The sushi is pretty fresh, the rolls are good and the service is great. The restaurant is pretty large and has a modern decor. They have flat screen televisions all along the bar, so you can watch your games and eat sushi at the same time! When I used to live in Las Vegas, I went here on a regular basis. I definitely recommend it.
3	AYCE sushi. I enjoy this place. It doesn't have the best sushi in town, so I usually just stick with the specialty rolls and hot dishes, which is a nice change of pace from time to time. If you are trying to satiate a serious nigiri craving, go somewhere else. The potato croquettes, dynamite, buttery shrimp and scallop, yakitori, surf and turf, seared tuna and salmon skin are some of the regular menu items I order. I'm a fan of the amigo, red dragon and hawaiian rolls. I wish they had a better happy hour deal, like Kobe and I'd probably visit this place a little more often.
4	The sushi is really good but it is the Hotategai sushi (raw scallop) is what keeps me coming back as a regular and I didn't give this spot five stars only because the waiters can be hit or miss for good service
1	Nice all you can eat menu...watch out for the Oysters not so good at room temp!!
5	Appropriate price for AYCE (with drink, tax and tip, under $30), strong quality, superior creativity, aWeSoMe music.There are a few things that compatriot Yelpers would do well to remember about this restaurant, in my opinion...First, observant folks will notice almost every person that works at this restaurant is trying hard to do a good job. Sure, they might be one person understaffed most of the time. Yep, it's a popular place. No, there's no shortage of line-standers waiting to get in. But...I have yet to see one person with a heart-rate less than 120 beats-per-minute working there. And they're not working there because they have nothing else better to do with their lives and thought it might be fun to hang out at a restaurant for a living wage while Kato Kaelin'ing ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kato_Kaelin ) on their family member couch.Second, it takes a herculean effort to imagine and conceptualize (let alone present with aplomb, beauty, and timeliness) the incredible roll creations served at Oyshi. Ever had a sloppy sushi chef? Note to self: tip the sushi chef next time and every time...AND the waitress.Third, Bistros like Oyshi which try hard to deliver superior quality food at a low-margin price are worth their weight in GoLd in Las Vegas. Without culture explosions like "good" sushi restaurants, we are left with the unimpressive ones...and I'd rather slice off a cut of salmon from Smith's myself and steam my own rice then eat at yet another mediocre sushi restaurant.Oyshi Sushi deserves 5 stars, in my opinion, because they deliver 5 stars. Wicked cool quality, superior effort, appropriate price. P.S. Try the Mochi Green Tea Ice Cream for dessert.
4	This sushi place located in a strip mall off the strip is a good find.  We went here for dinner after house hunting around the area and decided to go with the all you can eat option for about $25.  The all you can eat feature allows you to order anything off the menu (rolls, hot japanese items, soup, tofu, nigiri sushi, and a selection of a few desserts including mochi).  The only exception is sashimi.  Each of the rolls off the menu ranges from $12-15/per roll so I think the all you can eat is worth it if you've worked up an appetite.  The rolls are pretty good and made to order which is different from a typical Japanese buffet in which the rolls are sitting out there for who knows how long.  Service is pretty good and the decor of the restaurant is modern and clean.  I enjoyed coming to this sushi place and for $25, the food and service can't be beat.  Thanks Oyshi for a great meal.
3	A friend, and LV resident, brought a group of us here.  We were blown away the 1st time--$25 AYCE Sushi?!?!  (everything on the menu except sashimi).  Food and service was great that time.But on the 2nd visit, there was a longer wait, prices had gone up and quality went down.  We all got horrible stomach aches and dehydration for hours after.  It's a great deal, but you'll pay the price.
5	This place is truly a hidden gem.  The AYCE is not skimpy and reasonably priced.  Hawaiian rolls are my thing and theirs requires a re-order.Very nice atmosphere and decent service.I'm looking forward to going back soon!
5	I'm no sushi expert by any means, but I know what's good to me. Baked rolls are great as are the spicy rolls. Seems like a younger crowd that hangs out here and they play great music. Definitely do the all you can eat so you can sample the different styles of rolls. Worth the $20 every time. Always take friends and family here when they are visiting. This place can get busy and service can be slow at times, but it is always worth it!
5	Damn, where do I start... this place has one of the best AYCE sushi bar for a price under $30. I love Japanese food, so I'm quite critical when it comes to quality. The quality here is equal to the quality in Japan.For starters, I'd begin with the Ahi Poke, Shrimp & Asparagus, Dynamite and Ribeye Steak Teriyaki. When you're ready for battle, I'd suggest the Yellowtail Trio, Atomic Bomb, Red Dragon, and Bonzai Rolls!To complete the food madness, grab some mochi green tea ice cream!So who's down for a Vegas run?
4	All you can eat sushi... Who's idea was this? I came, I all-you-can-eated, I left in a near coma! Good sushi, I think it was like $26 for the all you can eat, comes with sushi, or hot food items (ie gyoza and such), you order from the server, they make it, bring it out, rinse repeat! Standard dinning room, sushi bar, or they have a couple of side rooms if you want to roll out here with a group of people or have a party and such here!
4	Shame! Shame! Shame on me! I have been here at least 4 times & have not given them some love!Well, let me say... Oyshi is my new fav sushi place! Grrreeeattt Sushi at great prices... What can I say? I mean everything here is fabulous... I am a big raw eater - so, that is where I spend my calories & it is FRESH!  To agree with others, Yes, it is $26 for all you can eat!  However, there are also some great sides... they have these lil potato croquettes... sooo yummy... also, they have some steak wrapped asparagus :)  It is so hard to name all of the yummy eats they have there... this is def my place...  I do not mind the drive from Henderson, takes me 15 - 20min & I am in sushi heaven :)Yes, you must go there! Go there and enjoy! You will not be sorry...one thing though, since it has become popular a reservation is recommended on the weekends...LOVE the Iris roll!happy eating!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	I love this sushi restaurant. In fact, I'm going back for more today. I happen to work in the area so I haven't had a chance to try the $26 all-you-can-eat sushi. In fact, I rarely get the all-you-can-eat from any Sushi shop.What I enjoy the most at Oyshi's is their $10 sizzling plate lunch special. You get a Calfornia roll, miso soup salad and your choice of teri beef, teri chicken or teri salmon.My friend and I add the Lobster Fair for another $12 and split it. I've tried all 3 and have to say that the teri beef is my favorite by far. It has the most flavor of the 3 proteins.I've heard great things about the all you can eat as well and recommend you try both!! I'm going back for dinner so I can try it with some Sake!!Kanpai!
3	Finally went to Oyshi yesterday (as it was recommended by my friend).  The atmosphere was pretty awesome.  They had a spacious seating arrangement, colorful decor, Xgames and the Laker's Game on TV, and Techno music playing in the background (not really what I had expected in a Sushi joint).  We came for the AYCE @ about $22.00 for dinner.  It's decently priced for AYCE.  The price does not include a drink.  The selection of food on the menu was pretty good.  They had a good assortment of appetizers, specialty rolls, and traditional Nigiri (not to mention hand cut Maki rolls).  I am a big fan of Sashimi, but like 99% of the time, the Sashimi is not included in the AYCE.  I did however stock up on the Sake (raw Salmon) Nigiri.  Being my favorite Nigiri, I found their Sake Nigiri to be very very fresh.  It was super bright orange and tasted incredible!  For dessert, they have a few different flavors of Mochi, but you can only get one.  If I remember correctly, the flavors are as follows: Green Tea, Mango, and Red Bean.  I opted for the Mango and wish I could have had a second since they were pretty small in size.  Anyhow, the Sake Nigiri alone would have gotten Oyshi 4 stars, but unfortunately the service was extremely slow.  On top of that, the only soup available was the Miso Soup.  How do you not have Udon on the AYCE menu?  Seriously?? They also did not have low-sodium soy sauce (I know it still has like 800mg per tbsp , but that's better than 1000mg).  Overall, I'd come here again... I just hope my server can keep my water cup filled.
2	Super disappointed. On my previous trip to Oyshi, I thought it was decent sushi and service. However today's trip to Oyshi was a super disappointment. The hostess was no where to be seen, so we had to wait 20 minutes before someone even noticed we were there. We finally got seated, got out drinks, and ordered our first selection for the all you can eat sushi. However, we had to wait 35 minutes until even just our appettizer of the small surf and turf came out. After that it seemed like we were invisible to the waiters before we even got one to awknowledge that they were having staffing problems and that we should wait another 15 minutes for our sushi to come out. When we finally got the sushi it was horribly made and cold (we ordered a baked sushi). I happened to order calamari for my 2nd selection after finishing the 1st. That never came. After being ignored for a few more minutes another waitress came by to see if we would like anything, I was already super pissed by that time so I just ordered a dessert and asked for the check. The $26 for a dinner all you can eat sushi was not worth it. So sad that this place did not meet up to my expectations
5	Heard about great reviews about sushi at Oyshi so we came on one Tuesday to try to AYCE for $26. By the time we were done, all I could said was "that was some good #%@%"  The food was amazing. There were so many choices on their AYCE menu and the variety was awesome. Their sushi/roll were fresh and delicious, and so was their hot items.. I recommend the rib eye teriyaki steak or surf and turf, which came out on sizzling metal plate. The portions were actually decent, not as small as some other AYCE sushi places. IMO, I think this is the best sushi in LV so far. Highly recommend.
4	Went back to Oyshi last Monday and the place was packed. A Little surprised but expected knowing this place is pretty popular. Anyway, did the AYCE again, but I ordered the Kami Kaze and NYI rolls. Word of warning, these things were HUGE. I thought the AYCE portions suppose to be smaller than the regular order. If this is smaller order, I'm afraid to ask what their regular size would be. These two rolls came out near the end of our meals and we were kinda full by that time already, so trying to stuff those two rolls down was a challenge. Next time, I won't order this roll unless I have 2 or 3 people to split it with. Anyway, the reason I reduced one star on this trip is that the sushi wasn't as fresh as my previous trip there. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't exceptional fresh either. I heard from some review, not sure if it's for Oyshi or Kobe, that it might be due to the fact that fish delivery comes on Tue, Thu and Sat.
5	I love their all you can eat sushi here... I wish they would put one in southern cali because this is THE restaurant to go to.  No matter what you order it is delicious and you can eat as much as you can of it!
4	AMAZING sushi all you can eat... which includes appetizers and dessert $26. the wait, however, not amazing. But that is just a sign of how delicious it is!
3	If you're gonna do all-you-can-eat sushi you might as well come here. The sushi is decent, the service is good and the vibe is great! It's great that you can order hot plates, appetizers and desserts in addition to sushi.We've come in with our two young children a few times and the staff has always tried to get us comfortable (read: secluded) table which we appreciated.Not sure if it is poor ventilation or what but I always walk out smelling a bit greasy. Keep this in mind if you plan on going out afterwards.
5	Best AYCE Sushi in town. Try their berry parfait for dessert!
5	Quite possibly the best sushi place on earth. The freshest fish in town, the best service. The place is very nice and from what am told, it gets very busy during the evening rush. The service was great! Not once did I have to track the servers down for a new order or a refill on my drink. I plan on being a repeat customer.
2	We came here at the recommendation of a friend who lives in Vegas after mentioning wanting to go to Nobu for dinner. (I'm from NY and like the Nobu location there). The decor is adequate, but the music was really odd for a restaurant: one of the first songs we heard was about eating pussy and there were many songs with the n word. I expect that while I'm at the club, but while I'm eating? Completely tasteless! The service was lacking but not the worst I've seen. At one point the waitress came over to check the amount of wine left in the bottle, then set it down and walked away even though two of our glasses were empty! The food came out very slowly, but that's typical of an all-you-can-eat place, where they want you to fill up in between courses and order less. The food itself was extremely disappointing. Most of the rolls had ingredients that are never in real sushi: cream cheese, cheddar cheese, and other odd things. They were presented attractively but were drenched in cream sauces and the ones that were fried were disgustingly greasy. The fish was fresh enough but not even close to the quality I'm used to. I guess if you've never had really high quality sushi you might enjoy this place (judging from other reviewers) but if you appreciate only the best sushi, you'll probably want to skip Oyshi. I definitely won't go back!
5	Love this place! Best AYCE sushi in town (includes apps and dessert) all for $26.Sushi is always fresh! Chefs are always willing to accommodate special request. My only complaint: its a long wait if you go during prime time, but well worth it.
4	AMAZING FOOD! Horrible service. The manager didn't seem to care about his poor server we complained about either.
3	Why three stars? Here's why.... First let me say that for a not so busy Saturday afternoon it took fifteen minutes for me and my boyfriend to be seated. It took another fifteen minutes on top of that for the waitress to take our order and another twenty minutes for us to get our sushi. I have heard of oyshi being one of the best sushi places in town, and while the sushi is good and tasty, in order for a restaurant (in my opinion) to have five worthy deserving stars the service needs to be as good as the food. That's minus star number one. And!.... You would think for an 'all you can eat' everything in the all you can eat section is all you can eat, right? Including the dessert? Well, I think not (not here at oyshi at least.) The dessert here is one per person only. Which technically isn't all you can eat. So it's basically all you can eat sushi, but not dessert. Haha. That would minus star number two. Now, on to the three yummy stars! When the sushi finally came, it was yum-O! With a capital last letter screaming O! The cajun albacore (thanks to a friend who recommended it at another sushi place) has become one of my favorites next to unagi. It's really full of flavor and I love how the center of attention goes to the fish, not the rice at the bottom. That gives plus one star.The atmosphere in this restaurant is laid back. Both my boyfriend and I are laid back so the mood of the place set the mood for a relaxing time which is always much needed after a long busy week. Even their cutesy plate mats had designs of cutesy fonts and cutesy flowers. Haha. Guess what? Yes! You guessed it, another star for oyshi.Freshness in sushi is another thing I look for. And boy oh boy does oyshi serve it fresh. As fresh as the prince of bel-air. We had the 'love affair' which everyone kept yelping about. It's the kind of affair that makes you feel guilty because you think you are cheating on your significant other. Oh yea, it's that's good! Total of three stars for this modern looking sushi spot.I don't know if I'd come back though partly because of the service and partly because of my ever so longing for eating a lot of desserts. Well, I wouldn't say I don't know but maybe. Maybe the service is better than what we experienced in a different time or day. Maybe. A-ok review by me, but read other peoples reviews of this place. You may have a change of heart unlike me. =P
4	Pretty good atmosphere...but, service kinda sucked cuz they were SUPER busy.Even though we did AYCE it was hard to order anything because the waitresses were never available. Like we had to flag them down for everything: water, more sake, more sushi.Other than the service the 4 stars is for the sushi. Always heard bout this spot from other Vegas locals and it didn't fail one bit.Oysters were yum. Hamachi was on point. And everything we ordered was pretty much scarfed down like we never ate in days.
5	Went here for the AYCE Sushi, and it was simply BOMB.COM. End of story. Ok, I'll tell you more. They have more than just sushi on the menu - great steak, delicious fresh oysters, and best of all GREAT SERVICE!! They didn't rush us, the sushi came out in a timely manner, but not all at once so we didn't get overwhelmed.Did I mention the amazing service?? Cause it really was! I swear with all of the AYCE sushi places around Vegas, the menu doesn't vary too much, so the service really will determine if I come back to a place or not. And I will be BACK!! Thanks for a great experience, and obviously a full tummy :)
4	Oyshi Sushi is a pretty good AYCE sushi restaurant located in the SW.  After hearing my coworker praising it, I finally hit up the place with a few Meetup folks from Las Vegas and SoCal.  It is the sister restaurant to Soyo Barestaurant in the same plaza, so yes, this is another Korean owned sushi restaurant with some items that has a more Korean flare/flavor.The restaurant itself is well-lit and trendily decorated, and attracts a diverse crowd of patrons looking for good AYCE sushi at a reasonable price.The AYCE menu is practically the entire menu (mostly nigiri and rolls), except the sashimi and if I remembered correctly some salads.  They also have expanded their menu, and the new items are printed on the paper place mats, so don't forget to check those out too.  Plus the numerous options available in the appetizer section is more than adequate to round out the sushi dining experience.  There are three special items (uni, ama ebi and raw oysters) that is limited to one order/pp with AYCE, and the restaurant reserves the right to charge you for the food you don't finish to minimize unnecessary waste (standard rules of the AYCE realm).I Enjoyed:Sibuya No Rice RollNew Moon RollVegas No Rice RollYumYum ScallopAma Ebi and the fried shrimp headsSurf n TurfPopcorn ScallopsI Didn't Care For:Japanese Lasagna (topped with way too much mayo that it overwhelmed and masked the flavor profile of the rolls underneath)Asian Style Flank Steak (basically a not so good version of the traditional Korean Bulgogi served on a sizzling plate)Green Tea TiramisuService was good, especially considering that Ted, was our only waiter, and he was looking after our party of 7 plus his other tables.We were seated in one of the side rooms with really comfortable seats, so it was extra relaxing.Ambiance: 5/5  Great vibes.Service: 4/5  For a busy night, our service was still great.Food: 4/5  Overall, I think it is pretty good for AYCE.Price: 4.5/5  Very reasonable.Parking: 5/5  Never been a problem finding a parking space when I come to this plaza.4 Stars!
4	I just wanted to update from my last review and say that ever since Andrew came back, the place has completely turned around for the better! I love Oyshi again and the service is waaay better!! They no longer mess up or forget my orders.Loove Oyshi! Now I can say they have one of the best AYCE sushi dinners in Las Vegas. Everyone should try it!
5	Best sushi in Vegas! So, so fresh and yummy.
5	AYCE this place is awesome and everything tastes great wish I could have more than one premium dessert but I guess I could just have another sush roll instead? Don't do one offs just go AYCE so worth it!
4	Another AYCE sushi joint in Vegas.  I swear there are one in every two blocks.  Bigger than most, this place is usually busy at night but very chill during earlier hours like  most places.  But when it's busy, it's really busy which leads to service sucking!  But overall the atmosphere inside is pretty good and seats up large group of people which is good for birthday dinners or just a bunch of friends coming from out of town.All you can eat I believe was $25 for dinner.  I'm just gonna point out what I like and usually order. Baked mussels, dynamite roll, volcano roll, nigiri is not as tasty here, oysters are the best I've had in Vegas but unfortunately only 4 per person so get your friends to order it as well even if they don't eat it so you can have it, surf and turf (highly recommended), and for dessert the fruit parfait. This is not a quiet place for dinner so bad idea for a date if you plan on having a meal with a quiet conversation.  People come here often with their kids and big groups of people, which shouldn't surprise you are very loud.  This place is a hit or miss but fortunately I'm patient when it comes to bad service when it's excusable because of how busy this place can be at times.
5	Hands down best sushi there is in America!!!! I almost don't even like eating sushi anywhere else now, and thats coming from someone who's favorite type of food is sushi.....Nyi roll (made by the coolest sushi chef there is) & Monster roll are my 2 favs Snowmountain & white tuna are also bomb! Everyone in there is very friendly and the atmosphere is great
5	This place is probably one of my favorite sushi restaurants.  It has a spectacular AYCE menu with tons of appetizers and rolls to choose from.  My favorite appetizer is the surf and turf.  My favorite rolls consist of the Red Rock, Volcano, and Rainbow.  You can order half portions here, so that way you can choose to sample several rolls, or just stick to a couple full rolls.  There is almost always a wait, but it's well worth it.  The staff is super friendly and I have never dealt with poor customer service any of the times I have dined there.  The couple times I have sat at the bar have been great experiences too - the chefs are all nice.It's in a great location, but I have driven past it a couple times without realizing it. Really, I have nothing but positive things to say!
4	Yummy! Get the Love Seduction (lobster roll)...wait was really long but food was good however the crunch roll was just alright
5	Over the top service and very cool atmosphere!  I had a Volcano Roll and Love Affair roll.  Both my wife and I absolutely loved!  Best Sushi we have ever had in Vegas.  And we live here.
3	Not as good as it used to be. But it's still so busy..! They always seem to run out of uni which is my favorite thing.Limit one dessert with the AYCE. And my dessert of choice is the green tea tiramisu. Yum! Though the parfait is a close second.The AYCE price is the same as most places. The items were good, but nothing too special. Service is kinda poor. Maybe because I am usually here with a larger party so we are usually in one of the private rooms. I must say though, the room on the left with the couches is nice, but not ideal for a dining area...Not a bad sushi place food wise, but service could use improvement. But really nothing special about this place, I don't get why so many people love it here... And I AM a sushi LOVER... well.. a food lover in general. :)
4	Chirashi is good, but prettty limited on the quantity of fish,,,a few fillers.  Service at the bar was great, the guys are lively and keep a fun atmosphere.
2	Honestly if this review was based solely on the taste of the food it would probably get 5 starts but the service was sooooooo bad both times I was there. First of all they sat us at a dirty table and said they would have someone come clean it. Took 5 mins for someone to get there. Another 5 minutes for someone to take our drink orders. Now this is beyond me 5 minutes went by before my friends sprite hit the table and another 5 minutes for my coke. Why on earth they didnt come at the same time is beyond me and why it would 10 ten minutes pisses me off even more. We ordered a couple roles and some salads. The salads came and we ate them and then sat there and sat there for about 15 minutes before we could even get someones attention to say hey whats happened??  They must have known how shitty they were with out me even complaining becase when the rolls finally did come they told us the salads would be complimentary due to the lack of service. That is only reason they get 2 stars instead of one. Regardless after two shitty service experiences I have no interest in returning.
5	This little sushi treasure is not at all far from my home right down Rainbow. They have one of the largest sushi menus I have seen in Las Vegas and every roll on it is a winner in my book. It has been a while between when I went and when I am posting the review so I don't recall any specific roll names, I just know everything we ate, was excellent. The atmosphere is awesome and on the wknds they are open late. We love this place and are soon to be regulars.
4	Friend brought me here after a long wait for luggage at airport..and with the all you can eat menu hit the spot ....  nice service ..
5	LETS START OFF WITH ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR TWO HOURS!!!Yes two hours for one of the cheapest all you can eat sushi I've seen in Las Vegas myself. Some will say that service of the sushi is a tad slow but hey you get two hours. Who likes to be rushed when eating anyways? I enjoy food so I would like to enjoy it at a nice pace thank you.If your with great company that gives some extra time for some intellectual exchange of words (conversation). Plus the two hours give enough time to let the rice settle a bit and enough time to try a good portion of the menu.The service might be a tad slow but the workers are always pleasant. I actually feel like I'm wanted there.. not like that other Asian restaurants..They also are very knowledgeable with the menu which leads to great sushi suggestions.The sushi at Oyshi I say is the best I've had in Las Vegas! I would like to suggest the RED ROCK ROLL due to the fact that it contains "Orgasm Sauce."  The sauce is rightfully named this because it will climax your taste buds into ecstasy!Conclusion.. YES!
2	Scale of 1 - 10 I give it a 5 at best. The service is adequate but food takes a very long time to get. Yes, it was a busy Friday night but you know what, Friday is busy, staff up already. The portions of food and presentation are both sub par. The flavors were good but honestly I am not impressed. It almost feels like they just want you to eat and get out. The atmosphere is okay. The booth that we sat in had its upholstery all torn up. Will I go again, NO. Not with all of the sushi joints in town.
3	I went here with my Girlfriend last night, as she had wanted to revisit this place for some time, having visited herself once months ago.  I'll start off by saying I read a few reviews below and have to agree with something many have said and that is that you tend to have to wait a bit to get your orders in and then get served due to how busy the place is. My advice come early or come late ;) there open until 2 am Fridays and Saturdays.We both got the AYCE deal; I think the bill came out to $64 for that and the two cokes. The sushi was fresh and very flavorful. The sauces were amazing. We had the simply shrimp roll (my favorite of the night), a deep fried spicy tuna roll and a few others. I tried something new for me and that was a tuna roll with scallions, which was a more fatty part of the tuna, more subtle and slightly fishier flavor that she did not enjoy, but I did. We finished off with a roll that had garlic sauce and wow that was seriously garlic flavored, so if you are not that into garlic, stay away from anything with garlic sauce. lolThe wait staff was nice, but again it was so busy they were all over the place and we tended to wait longer then I feel we or the other customers should have.The place was ok and worth checking out if, you are in the area, but if you live across town like me it may not be worth the trip.
4	A little more pricey than most other sushi bars, but the music and atmosphere is great! One of the more trendier sushi spots on the SW. Happy hour specials on fri and sat from 12 - 2am. Good spot to take a date!!
5	Being from hawaii we have ALOT of great sushi restaurants, but i must say after living here for a little over a month and eating at a few different sushi places this by far is at the top of my list. I get the all you can eat because i can put down some sushi haha. The sushi here is sooooo good! The high roller, the different types of spicey tuna rolls, beef wrapped asparagus. So much variety and the service and staff is super quick and super friendly.  Then comes the desert, the deserts are awesome from green tea ice cream, to the mochi ice cream and some kind of berry ice cream cup, totally delicious.The restaurant is easy to find and theres alot of free parking. You can also order individual rolls but i do suggest just doing the all you can eat buffet if you want to try a variety of the tasty items on the menu. They do serve alcohol as well and what better way to enjoy sushi then with some sake bombs and great friends! Definitely a place im bringing my friends from hawaii when they come to visit.
3	I went there with my girlfriend and her brother for my girlfriends birthday last year. The place was pretty neat if you ask me. The restaurant was nice, plenty of open space with good music playing.We went there for the "all you can eat" menu and we were not disappointed. There are only a few sections on the menu that were not included in the all you can eat price, but other than that the majority of the menu was free range. From appetizers to desserts, countless rolls and entrees this place really was a feast for the eyes and stomach.But the only downside, there's only so much sushi you can eat before it just gets gross. After a few appetizers and 3 or 4 different rolls, we were ready to call it a night. From experiences at other sushi restaurants, this place was mediocre. The fish could have been fresher, but I'm guessing with the "All You Can Eat" staple on their menu, they get whatever fish they can and throw it in a roll.This place was cool, but the long drive and mediocre cuisine left me wanting more from a sushi restaurant than just looks. I'd go back, I just wouldn't get the all you can eat offering again.
2	We had a rental car so we decided to venture out of the strip and check this place out.   I'm sorry to write that Yelpers disappointed me this time.  AYCE sushi deal is a great value, no doubt.  However, if you like quality than quantity, then you will be disappointed too.  I get better sushi at mediocre places in east coast.   Yes, you would have to pay a bit more, however, I would rather  pay a bit more than be unhappy after spending almost $30 pp. I also wasn't keen on the house music being blasted like we are at some club.   I do have to say that the service was pretty decent.  I don't think I would ever return.
4	I am all about trying a new place! I really was pleased with the quality of sushi at Oyshi. If not for Yelp, I would have never known about this cool sushi joint. I fell in love with the darker more intimate atmosphere. I always sit at the bar when I go for sushi, that is the only way to have the best experience! They are friendly, and keep the dishes rolling my way! I have listed a few of my faves that I selected during AYCE. Ok so the Signature OYSHI ROLL was my favorite! I had two of those baby! My mouth was kissing me from the inside and it was the best feeling! I want to feel that again, soon! Very soon!Shrimp TempuraOYSHI shrimp tempura roll with dynamite and crunch flakes an topCRAZY PHILLYdeep fried Philadelphia with eel sauceVOLCANO baked yum-yum scallop on top of a cali roll, glazed with eel sauceFANTASYsalmon, shrimp, avocado, asparagus and cream cheese wrapped in soy paperDYNAMITE ROLL cali roll with baked yum-yum scallop, shrimp, crab mix, and mushroomSPIDER ROLL deep fried soft-shell crab, crab mix, avocado with eel sauce
3	On our search for another epic place for sushi happens to fall onto this place as it drew us in for AYCE. I think a few of our friends had heard or were recommended to try this joint since they knew our group and how we can grub. The last place we went to before left a bad taste in my mouth and another a little ill from the meal, we were happy to try a completely different place. The atmosphere, ambience, are very inviting yet dark for those intimate encounters due to the dark wood finish everywhere. TVs around for those ackward silent moments if you're on a date or deep conversation in a larger group. I do like the mural on the back wall which was really impressive.Now, down to the food, you can order anything on the menu but just watch for any restrictions such as only 1 order of uni for example. I do like the sound of appetizers you can order such as rib-eye steak which is really less than tapas on a sizzling plate and a bed of cabbage and onions. Another beef plate was the same which tasted good but I feel like I would have to order 5 of these to really make a good size order to be called an appetizer. The rolls are inventive and decorative which is a refreshing change from the other sushi places. My recommendation is to stick to the "designer" rolls rather than the sushi. I must strongly advise against ordering the uni which it could be me and an off night. I always try to be brave and order it knowing it could be really good or it could be really really bad. In fact, I didn't eat the second piece because the first one I ate tasted like iodine for some reason. Definitely may explain for my stomach pains on the way back to our place. Nausea may be another descriptive word for this feeling as well. The rolls taste great and presentation looks great but I may have to say no to sushi so far away from the coastline especially in the middle of the dessert. If you have reviewed or about to review this place and give it 5 stars, you may have to check yourself as your taste buds are a bit off for what great sushi really should be in quality.
4	Generally speaking, I'm not one that craves sushi. However, I DO find myself craving sushi from Oyshi.  The taste and presentation of everything I've ever ordered here is amazing. You've definitely gotta try the Japanese Lasagna Roll!  Great atmosphere. Great food. Great price.
1	This place sucks and I never even ate a thing here. I drove past a few of my faves on Saturday evening 5/14/11 only to find myself being ignored while standing in the doorway for over 5 minutes. Four different people who are employed there including the manager behind the sushi bar saw us and 2 other groups of people behind us and still no acknowledgment. No one wanted to even tell us that they did not have tables and what the expected wait would be. Ill wait if its worth it. I bailed and will never darken their entry again. They have to learn that there are so many options that are good out there. I drove out to Summerlin and ate at a Sushi bar on Lake Mead and Rampart called" It's Sushi". It does not have AYCE available. However the superior quality of the fish makes eating anything there great. The prices are fair. They do have a Happy Hour.
1	Went in with my girl for lunch and had a HORRIBLE dining experience.  I have worked in the restaurant industry for over 7 years and it has been awhile since I had such horrible service/food.  When we walked in, there was no host/hostess to greet/seat us.  After waiting for 2 minutes, we decided to seat ourselves at the sushi bar.  The restaurant was not packed but had a decent lunch crowd for a sunday.  Numerous servers passed by us and pretty much ignored us.  On top of that, there were 4 sushi chefs behind the counter who did not acknowledge us at all.  Probably after 5 minutes, the manager came by and asked us if we would like something to drink.  It took him probably at least another 5 minutes to grab us our waters.  After placing our order with him, it took another 15-20 minutes to get any of the sushi we ordered.  Talking from a server perspective, how hard is it to make sushi??? There is no cooking involved!  When we finally got our order, I was very disappointed.  The quality of the fish is very subpar and the portions are very small for the price. All in all, the restaurant itself is nice and has a nice ambiance, but the customer service quality of the servers and sushi chefs are waaaaayy below average.  I would not recommend going here!!
5	I just realized that I have not yet written a review for my favorite sushi spot on earth! Here it goes!! Although I have not been here in months because I moved on the opposite end of Vegas, now turning into a 30 minute drive, compared to a 5 minute drive =(WHERE: Located on Rainbow & RobindaleWHAT:  Everything about this local sushi joint is outstanding! From the uniqueness of the special rolls to the to the great customer service, this is the place to try!If you do get the chance to come here for your first, second, or millionth time, I suggest AYCE all the way!! Lunch is 24.95 and dinner is 27.95- so worth the time and money spent!One of my favorite appetizers is the ahi poke! There's something about the mixture that makes you want to order 5 of them and make your own dish!ROLLS:-Oyshi roll: The first thing you should try! It is their special roll, and the absolute best!!-Vegas & Sibuya rolls: If I can recall, these are the 2 rolls without rice! & are both full of flavor!-Japanese Lasagna roll: I always have to have my baked roll!!There are other great rolls, but I can't remember what the names were! So, until next time! I will update soon!*NOTE: You also get a free dessert with AYCE!! There are the fruit&yogurt parfait, creme brulee, ice cream, or mochi!
1	I eat sushi probably two times a week and I love trying new places around my area. I have tried this place three times and each time I have gone there the service was so HORRIBLE that I will NEVER go back. It took me 15 minutes for me to even have someone come greet my table and another 15 min to order. Now I would understand the long wait if it was around lunch or dinner time but this was at 2 in the afternoon on a weekday. When I finally ordered it took about another 45 minutes to even get my salad and sushi. They forgot some of my order and at this point I was done. The second time I went I was there for dinner and the same thing happend but a longer wait! The manager came over and took off our salad which only cost us 4.00, I would assume for such bad service that they would have tried to make us a little more happy but comp'ing off one salad was no acceptable. I will never go back there and I advise you all not to either!
5	Very good quality sushi and great products and service. Always a very positive experience.
3	I've been here a total of 3 times for the dinner AYCE.1st time:  pretty decent, will come again2nd time:  hmmm...not as good as I had remembered it3rd time:  nah, won't be coming back for AYCE, but for a la carte item.There were a few items that my friend and I ordered that did not taste right.  The raw oysters were strangely bitter.  We let the kind manager/owner know about this and he apologized and took the plate away immediately.  The uni that came out had an off yellowish-brownish color.  I've had plenty of uni to know how it supposed to look, but this was slightly different. The star of the night was the agedashi tofu.  Yum yum yum.  Was quite tasty.  Another highlight of this AYCE meal is the fact that you can still chose a scoop of icecream along with whatever dessert you want.  I chose the green tea icecream and the creme brulee.  Was yummy.The chefs, staff, manager/owner are all super friendly and the service is quick.  Food however...aight.
5	Simply amazing is all I can say!  I am a Sushi rookie but this place makes me want to eat it all the time!
5	BOOM!!!! Best damn sushi joint in LV, hands down! Don't argue either....this place gets a 10. Their AYCE is ALWAYS fresh, and I dont think Ive seen or heard a compliment in the 20 times I've been here. Awesome vibe, highly reccomend.
4	4.30.11 I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere, it was cute for a huge restaurant. It was dim, but not to the point where you can't see anything. I really like their sushi bar it's really big. The tables in the restaurants are nicely spaced so you're not rubbing elbows with your neighbors. I'm not used to Japanese Restaurants that can accommodate several large parties. They had two private rooms and we were in another area that was semi-private. There were 9 of us and we sat comfortably. I really like the painting they had against the wall in our semi private area. It was actually the only painting I saw throughout the restaurant. I have never eaten at an AYCE sushi in Las Vegas away from the strip so I was super excited. I ordered their Agedashi tofu and it was so Salty! Stay away, ha ha. I was disappointed but quickly got over it when I tasted their poke salad. I remember ordering the Kimono Roll, Yellow Trio and dessert. I had more than that, but I was so amazed how refreshing everything tasted I was too excited to remember to write it down. When I ordered I stayed away from tempura or anything baked. I was not going to get full off that, I wanted fish. Their sushi was fresh and I especially remember the salmon handroll, it was perfect. I really enjoyed their food, although the oyster was okay and their uni really looked like it needed a makeover. Their Service was super duper good, although for some reason I was the last one to receive my order. That made me the last one to eat the desserts everyone was done while I was still waiting. Ha ha. Do not pass up on ordering their Mochi Ice Cream. Doesn't matter if you're full and your fly is about to pop, still order their dessert.So overall, next time I will definitely come here for their AYCE! Their selection of rolls for their AYCE is plenty, not like other places its mainly filled with baked and tempura stuff. This one had plenty of raw fish in their rolls. Just the way I like it! Don't be a fool and miss out on this wonderful meal..
2	Geez - the service has really gone to shit ! 4 of us for dinner last night.  2 had AYCE, 2 didn't .  Server had attitude from the beginning - my sense is a combination of being annoyed by the questions, that we all didn't get AYCE and I was the only one drinking .We were told the problem was the kitchen was backed up .... Really ?  More like the kitchen was fucked up and the server was backed up and someone needed to stick their foot up her ass to cleanse her of the crappy attitude.The food ?  Gotta admit the sushi was good - sweet shrimp, garlic tuna and Cajun tuna as well as the yellowtail were the stars.  Unagi also worked for me.The hot dishes ?  The ones we actually got ? Calamari, popcorn scallops, asparagus beef ... Very average.  There were at least 5 dishes they never brought us.This was a very rare occasion I didn't tip much - $95 bill, $2 tip.Get it together OYSHI !
4	Ate here 2x with the fam while visiting Vegas. 2nd time we decided to go with the All You Can Eat, and it was well worth it. If you're hungry, go for this one. They have a large menu, portion is good, price maybe $1-$2 more than what you may be used to. Service starts off slow, but once your first order comes out, everything else will follow. I know we'll be coming here whenever when in town.
4	I just want to say Oyshi is one of the best All-you-can-eat sushi places around Las Vegas. In fact, a year ago I would have given it a 5 star rating. The reason I only gave a 4 star is because the quality of service has dropped. Largely due to the fact that it has gotten so much busier. There are more waiters but they do not tend to the customers fast enough. The food is great, but for an all-you-can-eat spot, you will enjoy the large menu they offer. The food is always fresh because of the amount of traffic they had. You can find your favorite server and request them to serve you.. Usually requesting anyone to serve you in particular will encourage them to serve you better. I am sure everyone was expecting my 4 star rating to be all positive but I've gone to Oyshi since it opened and I understand the restaurant has grown from what it originally was. The service has dropped a little but they still offer you great food for a great price.
5	whenever im in vegas i always go out of my way from my mainstay on the strip to go here because its worth the side trip.prior to XS, i brought my group of 8 here and it definitely started the night off correctly...the staff was friendly and seated us in the private room which provided a more intimate atmosphere given out attire.in the main room, there is the usual sushi bar and a few flat screens to get a lil more rowdy. in essence, it caters to all types of occasions which i liked.as far as the food goes- amazing. nuff' said
4	$26/per person for all-you-can-eat dinner sushi. Excellent service. Great tuna poke, seaweed salad and the Tiger Roll here is the best I've had yet. I also recommend the Pink Lady. I never had tried this before, but it was ahi tuna, cooked shrimp wrapped in pink soy paper. Delicious! The only complaint my friend made is that desert is limited to one item only. Boo!
2	I have tasted better" all you can eat sushi" . The fish Didnt look fresh at all ... The rolls were overly done with riceAnd just didnt taste good . Not a great experience overall .
5	BEST all-you-can-eat such EVEREnough said
5	This place is excellent! The love affair roll is my favorite!
4	I'm a huge fan of Oyshi as it is just minutes from my house. There is definitely something to be said about convenience! That said, the sushi is pretty damn good here as well. Much better than other AYCE (all-you-can-eat) places in town. Though I do argue with my friend about what's better between Oyshi and Sushi-mon so I'd call it a coin flip.The only reason I didn't give Oyshi 5 starts is because of the service. Every once in a while you'll find yourself wanting to order sushi for 10 minutes or more because you haven't seen your server. Simple solution for this is to sit at the sushi bar. Nothing I would knock it down to 3 stars for because overall is still great sushi and a good experience!
3	Oyshi's AYCE sushi experience is kind of, well, meh.  It is neither exciting nor disappointing.  I felt that the fish to rice ratio on the nigiri was a little rice-happy.  The rolls were not too exciting.  I would go back, but only if someone else insisted.
5	When it comes to "All You Can Eat Sushi" you have to be very careful. Low volume restaurants are not able to cycle through the fish making their offerings not so fresh.  The good news is Oyshi is always busy allowing them to offer fresh sushi every night of the week.  There are 2 private rooms, a large dining room and extended sushi bar with a lot of seating.  I highly recommend this sushi bar!
2	Oyshi used to be one of my favorite binge eating locales, however the last time I went was an utter letdown. What differentiated Oyshi from other "All-you-can-eat" sushi spots was the quality of the fish. What used to be fresh, now looks and tastes old. Basically, all of the nigiri sushi was disgusting; uni being the worst. The cooked food is still good (hence two stars instead of one), but its "All-you-can-eat SUSHI", not "All-you-can-eat-tempura-edamame-teriyaki-skewers". Would I go back? Probably not. I'd rather spend $5 more and go to a real buffet like the M Resort. At least you know the sushi is going to be sub par there and gravitate towards the other entrees.
5	I love Oyshi! It's the best AYCE sushi spot I've ever been to! Love the food, love the service, love everything! I came with a party of 9, and our server was so attentive and accommodating that he came by our table a number of times to make sure if everything was ok or if we needed more food; even the host came by to check up on us, now that's good service. Not only that but the food came out extra fast, usually at the AYCE sushi spots that I go to in the LA/OC area the food kinda lags, maybe because they want you to get full and not order more? Just an assumption :PAll the items that came out were good quality food: - Oysters (limit one order (4 pieces) per person during dinner only)- Appetizers- Sushi- Hand Rolls- Speciality Rolls- Dessert (limit one per person)And the selection is pretty extensive! And if you're a roll person, then you're in luck because the rolls are pretty small so that means you get to have more variety by ordering other different rolls.
1	I went to return movies at Blockbuster with my younger son and had the urge for some sushi. Since Oyshi was just across the street from Blockbuster, we stopped in for a quick sushi fix. I've been to Oyshi many times in the past, but this visit will be my last. Service at Oyshi in the past sucked, but tonight's service was just plain unacceptable. Being a server myself, I strive to be polite, easy, PATIENT, understanding, and tip well. When my son and I walked in, we waited a good 5 mins as the manager and servers walked passed us and no one even cared to seat us. I finally flagged down a server to seat us. If the establishment was busy, that's a different story, but this was at 10pm on a Thursday with only three other tables.The girl that sat us gave us menus and asked if we were doing AYCE and I responded, "No"(I didn't want to stuff myself this late at night). I ordered water and told her I was ready to order, but she said she's not my server. 5 mins passed and our server came to take our drink order, and I told her I was ready to order. I ordered two waters, a miso soup, and 2 simple rolls. The waters and soup came in a timely manner, but I had to flag down a server for a spoon, straws, settings, and soy sauce. We waited, waited, and waited(@ least 30 mins), saw other customers get their food-while thinking...did they forget our rolls??? I lost patience and called the server over & told her if they haven't yet made our rolls, I wanted to cancel. She glared at me then went over to tell the sushi chef, and he miraculously & immediately passed her a plate with our rolls! What the heck?? While we were waiting forever for our rolls, the sushi chef had them.We never even got an apology for the delay. Not once were we asked if we were ok or needed anything or even got a refill. As soon as we got our rolls, we gulped them down, asked for the check, paid, and bounced!! The rolls were mediocre. Being a good tipper, I left absolutely nothing for such horrible service(from the beginning to the end) :-/.
4	While I was visiting my cousin in Las Vegas, we decided to try Oyshi Sushi.  The atmosphere was nice, the presentations were creative, and  great variety of rolls as well as decent prices. They have an all you can eat sushi menu that is perfection!  The only downside for me is that they only used imitation crab meat instead of real crab meat.
3	A-OK sushi but not the freshest fish by far. Rolls are ok, but rice and rolls dont stay together very well. The service both visits wasn't great either-forgotten items and having to ask for refills. The hosts don't really seat you at a table they just point so I don't get the job function. There are better options for ayce on this side of town with higher quality food and service. I sampled a couple different rolls, cooked items such as the surf and turf and calamari, and lots of nigiri. The best part of my dining experience was making fun of the music that was playing...electro blaring overhead to some people is fun, I guess. First visit was a test, and the second was a confirmation...it's ok if your other regular place isn't an option and you need a back up plan.
2	First time I came here was last year Thanksgiving, I was like wow.. this place is a gem...Second time I came here was July 4th weekend.. I was like.... nah.......won't come here again. We came here for lunch. There were like only 7 tables and there were 3 sushi chefs but the service was extremely slow. Guess what? We only had 2 rounds of sushi in 11/2 hours! You're prolly wondering if we ordered like tons of sushi...nope not even close to  20 pcs each round. Not to mentioned that the quality went straight down.... we didn't even bother to get the third round... The bill came and guess what? They charged us 18% tips for 2 people!!  No apology and what so ever... The server said they got the wrong check for the wrong table... so does that mean that they were charging other tables 18% tip? Whatever reason it is, guys pay attention to the bill.. it's no joke! (c the photo)
4	Best sushi buffet! So good! We definitely ate our money's worth of food! The service was super slow, which is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. They have a huge parking lot right outside. there was no wait when we went in for dinner on Thursday night. Too bad this place isn't on the strip, or it'll be packed! Should definitely drive out from the strip to try this place!
2	Consistently good food and consistently bad service.. what can I say I am torn.  They have a great menu of rolls, decent ayce prices, their ahi poke is on point, but on the other hand I have had too many bad service experiences from them to count.. For that I would say there is better in Vegas and its worth looking for.
3	My rating is bias on the food, that is why I gave 3 stars.  My friends and I originally game to that side of town for Goyemon, the wait was 1.5 hour, so we decided to head down to Oyshi to check out.  All the rolls were mediocre, nothing too special to make me crave to return to that specific location anytime soon.  A couple of stuff they could lay off the yum yum sauce, Kami-Kaze had so much yum yum it looked like pasta sheets as garnish lol.  The fish to rice ratio on the nigiri sushi was really good.Service was another story.  We waited around 45 mins or more for our first round to come out....even the oyster apps.  Go figure why thier AYCE time limit is 2hrs, not the usually 1hr.  Our server wasn't the greatest, but she did follow up on us when she could.  I noticed she was busing several tables, which is probably why she never followed up with the food and why she was tired.  I have done that, so I know the feeling.  the facility needs to either have the host bus, or have someone to.
4	So I have had my fair share in AYCE sushi, and I must say that the combination of the spacious restaurant, GREAT food, and good service this place is definitely one of my favorites. I went there for lunch and spent over 2 hours there and the service did not waiver, and the food was delish! This just became one of my favorite places to go for sushi! Good job OYSHI
5	This place has definitely won it's spot as a routinely vegas visit along with earl sandwiches! definitely one of the best ayce sushi spots i've ever encountered! Its a bit off the vegas strip about 15 mins but it's well worth it! The fish are so fresh and melts in your mouth like buttttttttter! Rice to fish ratio is 1:2...very minimal rice which is pretty rare and unheard of from any ayce sushi joints.cant wait for my next vegas trip =)
4	ayce is the best. great flavor. less one star though because 3 times we did ayce, food was really sloooow to come out from the kitchen.
5	I've been a long time fan of Sushi Mon for quite some time now. Wanted to give another AYCE sushi spot a try. Pulled up Yelp and this was one of the places with good reviews. First time coming here, it felt weird, like i was 'cheating' on Sushi Mon. It's a completely different restaurant. Different atmosphere with the trance music playing in a dimly lit restaurant.To my surprise, the sushi was excellent! The cuts were amazingly generous and good quality too. I had to try the rolls, which I normally don't and it was great too! Didn't have any complaints at all. We had the green tea tiramisu and it was really good, and I was already stuffed. So that says something about it. Only bad part is, you only get one order of dessert... dunno if that's a good thing or bad thing.
1	The service is horrible ! I've been here before and the sushi wasnt so good but I decided to give it another shot. Bad idea! I was on lunch break ordered two rolls and there. Were five sushi chefs. It wasn't even busy! Took thirty minutes to get my order right and the sushi was just plain messy.  I should've gone to Kobe down the street.
5	One of our favorite sushi places in town. Reasonable priced all you can eat and sushi chefs are always super friendly! We love the upbeat atmosphere and music! We will keep going back for more!
4	Everytime I come the Oyshi it is a pleasure..Whether you want to do AYCE or Sashimi or just have a snack this a great place. There are not a ton of rolls to pick from but their menu is perfectly sized because the rolls they have...are all great. They also do not overload you with rice.The customer service here is also top notch and what you shoud be used to in good establishments. This place does get very busy during peak hours so plan your trip wisely and enjoy.
5	A local recommended Oyshi and I can see why.  Place was packed when we got here.  It's off the strip in a strip mall no doubt and people were waiting to be seated.  We ordered off the all-you-can-eat menu and believe me, it was a huge menu.  Will all restuarants like this, if you leave any leftovers, they will charge you, but I have a feeling they dont follow through w that.  The price was around $25, but hello, we ordered tons of shashimi and rolls worth way more than that.  You also get dessert with your meal and alcohol is extra (of course).You won't find tourists here, just locals and regulars who knows you don't have to be at some fancy shmancy restuarant to eat good sushi.
2	Just not good food or overall good service.
5	I've never been to a sushi buffet like this before.  Normally, places like Todai, Onami (now Tora in San Diego) have it set up where you walk up to the sushi bar and the rolls are there waiting for you to pick them up, at the same time they have a hot plate station, as well as desserts.Oyshi is totally different due to the fact that you choose from the menu what you would like from the buffet section and it is made fresh for you to munch on.  Sushi is not the only thing part of the buffet menu, there are the small appetizer sushi's as well as tempura vegetables.  The best part are the specialty rolls, they are so freakin delicious.  I can't remember each of their names, but the cajun specialty roll, and the whatever screaming whatchamacalit are so damn good!The ambience is pretty stylish and nice and I give them more props for playing house progressive music as we dine.  The staff is uber nice, especially since we went in a massive group that was pretty loud and would have drove most servers bonkers d bobcat.  Definitely gonna want to come here again next time I make a trip back out to visit the family in Vegas.
4	great deal for all you can eat!!! 21 bucks for adults and 15 for kids. i treated myself and my cousins to a lunch before taking the red eye back to nyc.i wasn't sure if we were going to be able to eat a lot but we sure ate more than we paid for! everything in the menu was included except for sashimi (easy fix: order it sushi style and don't eat the rice), uni and ebi.we had gyoza, edamame, seaweed salad,  seven rolls (from regular spicy tuna and alaska rolls to specialty ones including a spider, baked rolls, and a deep fried philly), two hand rolls, two orders of tako nigiri, two orders of hamachi nigiri, an order of tamago, and green tea ice cream for dessert.i'd say we did a but of damage at this joint! what i also liked was that our waitress was recommending specialties to get and told us that appetizers and dessert were included. she was also helpful when my cousin wanted green tea ice cream and parfait by combining the two together. it was pretty much the green tea ice cream instead of vanilla yogurt with fruit and whipped cream on top. what a way to end a great meal!
4	Oyshi means YUMMY in Japanese! The sushi & rolls are delicious. Their fishes are so fresh that you can't even taste the fishiness! BUT! The service has decline over the years. They were great when they first open, now they are slow with everything. It takes at least 20 mins. to get your food. You'll even have to wait for a waiter to come around again just to pay your bill. Definitely give them a try but don't expect anything fast!
5	So the beautiful girl I've been dating told me about this place being one of her favorites so of course I had to take her there.  We made sure to sit at the bar because you get excellent service when you do.  The food was amazing and the staff was super friendly and upbeat.  Tun was the chef making most of our rolls and he even introduced us to the supervisor Nye who offered us some complimentary Sake which we turned down because we were already on our second bottle.  They have a happy hour from 11pm-2am with buy one get one Sake or Beer.  They also had just launched ladies night which knocked down the price for the lovely lady on the All-You-Can-Eat to $21.We started with the Seaweed Salad before we moved on to the fabulous rolls.  We had the Monster, Japanese Garlic Lasagna, Dragon, Vegas, and Oyshi rolls.  We wish we could have tried more but we were stuffed.  We sat around chatting with the friendly staff and drinking Sake until we had a little more room in our tummies for dessert.I highly recommend this place for the great food, fun atmosphere, and they play House music.
5	Forget about the sushi restaurants on the Strip. Go here. Seriously.Located in Enterprise, I was a little skeptical about this place because it's centered within a weird strip mall that had a veternarian's office, Dairy Queen, and a Korean nail salon nearby. Whatever. That don't mean SHIT when it comes to delicious sushi.With a great all-you-can-eat dinner price and the craziest variety of rolls to choose from, I don't see how you would NOT enjoy your sushi-licious dinner here.Even though we were only in Vegas for 5 days, we managed to eat here TWICE because we were like "EFF THE STRIP!" and wanted to eat to our stomachs' content without the glare of neon lights.Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll? I dream about eating it every day for the rest of my life because that would be a DREAM COME TRUE, YOU GUYS.
4	My oh my what can I say. It was definitely Oishi, even if they did spell it wrong.I came to vegas to quell the beckoning of the seven deadly sins. And I can safely say I left knowing full well that Gluttony is very satisfied (there's got to be some sort of ironic word play here, but goodness I can never figure it out). Oyshi Sushi has definitely raised the bar for the SoCal AYCE sushi restaurants. I might even say it is comparable to the delicious and the very-missed Kami (RIP)The SKINNY:I came with a group of 12. I was one of the last to show up, and I was very surprised at the fact that it could seat 12 people. The usual AYCE sushi ordering paradigm (...i barreled through 4 seasons of The Big Bang Theory) is a check list that is given to the waitress, which will be dropped off at the chef, and eventually you'll be nom-noming your way through delectable bite size raw fish goodness. But here, there is no checklist, you order directly to the waitress. But amazingly almost all orders made by the 12 people were satisfied! This place has amazing service with a very patient staff, and a variety of Nigiri and Rolls that i so deeply yearn for here in california. It's 26 dollars well spent my friends. The Food:Okay so originally we were suppose to go to Sushi Mon, but one thing led to another and we ended up at Oyshi. "they have a better variety of rolls, and most of our group prefers rolls...." Hearing it breaks my heart, but the need of the many outweighs the need of the few, so I had to comply. But! hot dam, this place got some unique selections for just the simple nigiri. Spanish Mackerel? Garlic Tuna? Halibut? Seriously, the Koreans owning our local southern california ayce sushi joints needs to take a page of the koreans owning Nevada's ayce sushi joints. I have to say, they were all amazing (with the exception of the cajun albacore. that was just good. But it's still better than bad)I have to point out the fact that they offer a free order of Amaebi and Uni, AND 4 pcs of raw oysters per customer. Being that most of the people I went with was apprehensive to raw food, I ate more than enough free orders. My goodness, my raw oyster cravings won't start up for at least another month (seriously, it's like a menstrual cycle. I know, i'm disgusting). Everybody speaks of how great their rolls are, and sure they are pretty good. But honestly, I can't remember them for the life of me. So maybe they were more forgettable than spectacular. But who cares, give me another 4 pieces of raw oysters dammit! That's what's important here.The Service: Oh poor poor waitress. She had to go through so much...good thing we tipped her generously (and this is coming from a Chiense man). The service is actually spot on, given that there were some dead times where our food arrived a bit slow, but its a minor issue. Afterall, there were probably 5 sushi chefs taking care of a whole restaurant, INCLUDING a party of 12. This place is a bit off the Vegas Strip, but who cares, it's all you can eat SUSHI. and It's good! The only reason why you wouldnt come out here is if you said "Oh i ate too much at the Wynn Buffet already." And that's barely an excuse.
4	(4.5 stars)My trip to Vegas would not be complete without a visit to Oyshi Sushi. Though it's off strip, I'm lucky my best friend lives close enough so we can make a trip every time I'm there. My last visit was the first time I've done their All You Can Eat deal, and for $26, it was WELL WORTH IT! The only things it DOESN'T include are the Chef's Special Sashimi, so all your appetizers, salads, specialty rolls and desserts are included. My friends and I went all out and ordered several to share of every course. Oysters were delicious and baked mussels (while too much mayo sauce) was to die for. Tempura dishes are nice and crispy and not too soggy or heavy. My favorite salad is their ahi poke on top of seaweed salad - YUM! We shared 6 specialty rolls that were all delicious in their own ways. Again their specialty "yum yum" sauce is "yum yum", but in small amounts. The mochi ice cream is like the type you buy at the store, but again, it's all part of the deal so might as well indulge! We also got a bottle of lychee flavored cold sake that was decently priced and balanced the sweet:alcohol ratio perfectly.Service is good: unless its super busy, the wait staff always comes up to check on your group, make sure your water is filled, etc. As with any sushi place, baked rolls will take longer, so be patient! They did forget one of our orders at one point, but since we were eating so much, it gave us time to digest.If you can make the trip out with a group who enjoys sharing specialty rolls and can throw down in eating, Oyshi is the place to go!
5	My favorite sushi place in vegas, all you can eat or not.  Great staff, great food, great atmosphere.
4	Awesome sushi, so so service. Some nights they can be great and some nights they can be incredibly slow with their service.
5	Ok here come the Vegas reviews...yes, it's down the street from my house. Yes, it gets crowded. If you bring more than 4 friends, go off-time, meaning AFTER THE LUNCH CROWD or BEFORE THE DINNER CROWD, especially on weekends. Or split your party up but sit near each other. Trust me this is how you won't have to wait and salivate while others are dining and taking their time. (Just kidding) But seriously, like every other Yelper, it is a good deal. Highly popular with everybody. Highly.
4	Pretty good sushi at a fair price.  We did not do the AYCE option, but ordered 4 different rolls, a (huge) house salad, and a soft drink for around $30.  Service was slow but the food was good and it was a nice meal out.
2	Probably won't be coming here again. Fish and rolls just weren't that fresh or flavorful. And they don't offer 1/2 rolls.
5	Besides this place being full of snobby ass people who have a stick up their....... u kno where .....the food and service is amaze!!! they had a roll with jalapeno ( what big help huh) but it had cream cheese and something else it was so good!!!...and their frid calamari is the BUSINEESS!!! great servive, amazing food, keep it up yall!!!
4	Came here for a bday dinner..and they sat us in our own private area on the side, which was perfect.  $25 for all you can eat and that pretty much included everything on the menu besides sashimi... They had many rolls to choose from and they also had yakitori dishes(bacon wrapped asparagus, steak, chicken, shrimp, scallops), poke salads(delicious), poke bowls, oysters, mussels.. There was a great selection.  Since we had a big party, our order took some time and some got missed but the servers were more than helpful and they made sure we got everything we wanted.  After our meals they also had parfait, mochi, and tiramisu for dessert..I would definitely be coming back..Only downer is that it is pretty far from the strip if you don't have a car, its about a $30 cab ride, but if you split it, its not so bad.  After 2 hours of stuffing our faces and many bottles of sake, we left stuffed and satisfied and it only came out to $40 a person! We were expecting way more!
3	Fish was decent a little warm for my taste. Service is good. I feel with the business they do that they can upgrade some of their products such as buying better soy sauce then higher quality of fish.
4	Really good food. AYCE is available. Only thing about this place is it's almost always packed and can get quite loud inside.
5	This has got to be the best sushi place in Vegas! The food is delicious and the waitstaff is awesome. I wish I could give Oyshi more than 5 stars!
4	Ever since I can remember, Sushi-Mon (the one on silverado ranch/maryland pkwy) has been my favorite go-to spot. Words couldn't describe how good it is. But I decided to try something new. This place had 270 reviews with an average of four stars. So they must be doing something right.After one minute of walking the wrong way..we finally got into the entrance..by Following THE ARROWS...Decor was really nice, bigger than the usual sushi bars. Great Location too. The VIP room and Lounge room was a nice touch. It was slow mind you, during lunch when I walked in with my "friend" Karlee. We started off with, my favorite Ahi Poke and Miso Soup. Karlee had the soup as well and Gyoza. Ahi Poke was ok, but not better than sushi mon, the flavor wasn't just there. Miso was good, not fantastic. Karlee loved the Gyoza, she said it was better than the other Sushi place she goes that serves it. I had the J&b roll, baked, with salmon and cream cheese. It was good, juicy, hand a hint of soy sauce. hats off to the sushi chef because it was awesome. I had a cucumber roll, asian strip steak and this deep fried california roll, with hot mustard and albacore tuna. All was great but the J&b roll was the highlight. karlee had 2 orders of the shrimp tempura roll, apparently it was good, I couldn't have any because I am allergic to shrimp. She tried to Force Feed it to me, knowing I was allergic, I think she tried to kill me, because I tried to make fun of her Sirarcha/Hot mayo sauce that she custom made..oh and She had chicken teriyaki and I think another order of Gyoza, apparently she loves that stuff. The service was a little slow, especially when they weren't busy. This was all you can eat, and what I was shocked about how they did not serve Half rolls!! I was like WTF? how could I possibly try more than 3 types. Other than that The waitress seemed puzzled and brought us the wrong dishes a couple of times. No big deal. The Food was great, service was so-so, and It is a place I would come back to again. I also ate too much, because I regret not getting desert (no one really gets more than one desert, but why would they limit you to JUST one, its all you can eat!!!), being that it was one of the reasons I came here for, Green Tea Tiramisu, I'm Coming back for you!
1	1 star?  Why?  2 Words - FOOD POISONING on the night of 11/05/2011Totally ruined my last date night with my wife before I deploy for the military when you are praying to the porcelain gods hurling with nori blowing out of your nose...graphic I know...To top it off, the rolls were mediocre compared to Sushi Twister and Sushi Xtreme and the service was slow for the amount of people in the restaurant.  What are my credentials to be badmouthing this "highly" rated yelp institution?  5 years living on Honolulu and knowing what sushi restaurants are supposed to taste like, but what do I know...uggh worst night ever afterwards SMH
4	This is one of the best Sushi restaurants I have been to in Vegas, especially for an All You Can Eat!  We had my husband's birthday party here.  Went in back room.  Was quite and all to ourselves.  Had pretty good service.Rolls were fresh and tastey!  They don't offer a lot of "speciality type" rolls, but they are pretty good! I would come back and recommend others to try this place.
3	No more sushi-mon for me -  ever.  This place has only decent service but very good food. No sushi place can be great unless it is by the sea.  We are in the middle of the desert in America, so let's be real; this isn't Japan or Korea.  However, that being said: for Vegas it is pretty good. Not a lot of rool options, but the ones they have are tasty.
4	My wife (who surprisingly doesn't eat seafood) was introduced to this place and she's addicted.  She gets all the egg rolls and teriyaki chicken and beef she can eat, and even some rolls without fish.  The all you can eat deal it great.  I leave feeling like I will never need to eat again.  The food is great, the service is good, and the Mochi desert is interesting.  Even the kids meal is quite large for being only $6.  If you want good sushi, this is your place.  They make the rolls after you order them so be sure to be patient and order several rolls at a time so you don't have to wait for a long time between orders.
5	Discovered a few more favorites:-NYI roll-banzai roll-uni nigiri (be warned, some of the pieces were darker so I'm guessing they have a mixture between premium and select ca grades)I guess I'll update this place with 5 stars because it seems to already have secured its spot in our vegas regimen. We even sit at the same table every time too (the big semiprivate one that's behind noren on the right side of the restaurant with the cool mural). As always, we ate til our hearts content. Food comes out reasonably timed and prompt for the most part and service is never lacking.
3	Decent Sushi...  Long meal.  My party and I were here for almost 3 1/2 hours!!
4	This place was delicious! And with the all you can eat prices, it is a good deal for sushi. I went here Friday night with my boyfriend and another couple, and we all got the all you can eat deal for dinner ($26/person) and we were able to order over 10 rolls and some appetizers and sides as well. We definitely ate well over $26 worth of rolls.
4	Love this place!  All you can eat sushi for $20, but they also have lunch specials on things like rice bowls and delicious salads!  I love that everything I eat there tastes fresh and finishes clean!  A high quality restuarant with a muted, classy feel to it :)
1	Food is not fresh.....my family and I got food poisoning after our 11/20/11,visited. We went in around 9:45pm  not many customer besides few people sitting at the sushi bar. employees were talking and hanging out by the enterance. Took them 20 mins to bring water and coke, by the way, never get the refill within 1 1/2 hour stayed. The worst dishes was the one I ordered "gyo don" it supposed to come with really thin and tender beef with stir fried onion and half cooked sukiyaki soup based eggs. But disapointedly I recieved a mexivan style beef bawl. lots of green paper and sunny side up egg. Nothing like gyo don. Sushi was okay, until we got home, all 4 of us start feeling the stomach pain.went into quick care the next following day. One last thing to mntion is the lady waitress, she was really not professional. We asked her to clean up our dishes before the cakes come, she picked up 2 dishes then never come back. We have to ask anoyher waiter to clean up the rest of empty dishes. We live across st from thos restaurant, but we will nevrer come back again.
5	Best Sushi in Vegas! $21 All you can eat lunch, $26 dinner. Clean restaurant with cordial staff.  They offer more rolls that any spot I've been and the quality of fish is top notch.
4	This was my second visit. After reading those frightening November reviews of food poisoning I was very leery about returning. I think Alice W was more angry about the service and used the F.P. card. I've never heard of a whole family getting food poisoning so take that review with a grain of salt.  My first time was good, I just did not write about it. Today I went for lunch and had a great experience. They have a few new rolls and I tried 3 of them. They were all beautifully executed and tasted great. I'm usually not a fan of ponzu sauce but the Iris roll**** off the new menu was so good I had 2 of them. It had  Spicy albacore with cucumber, wrapped with avocado, and seared tuna. My eating partner in crime loved it. Screaming Roll****shrimp tempura roll wrapped with yum-yum cajun albacore and avocado with garlic ponzu sauce. Flavor of cajun albacore was awesome. Love Affair roll ***shrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster, crunch flakes and masago on top. This was good, but came in last of all the other rolls. Asian skirt steak*** is served teriaki style on a sizzling mini skillet. It was a nice addition to sushi.Service was better than average. I always sit at the sushi bar. Here you order from a waiter instead of directly from sushi chefs. My waiter was attentive, I had enough H2O to drink and never had to wait on food or ordering more of it. The AYCE is $21.00 per person and well worth it. I wish they offered fried rice but there are lots of items offered on their menu.I will return to Oyshi as it is the best sushi that is close to my house.
3	Hmmm...I was planning to lose my AYCE sushi virginity to Ms. Goyemon but there was a two hour wait so instead I opted for the next girl available named Ms. Oyshi....I'd rather like to think we didn't go all the way and I'm still saving myself for the former.  For 26 bucks, I think it's definitely in line with Sushi Goyemon, but I happened to be in the company of some friends who had been there as well, so I was able to get some perspective as I proceeded with my first time navigating this a la carte ordering feeding frenzy.  The first few speed bumps which caught my eye were some ground rules listed in the menu:1. No sashimi, only one order of oysters (4 pieces), uni, and sweet shrimp allowed...fair enough2. No excess rice shall be allowed to remain uneaten on the plate, otherwise that order will be counted as extra on the final bill....have people been discarding their rice into a large pile assembling a massive sculptured mountain of rice?  The rice that was used to prepare the sushi was highly variable in quality  (too soft, too firm, or mixed) throughout the various rounds of ordering so it only motivated us to concoct creative methods for disposing the rice (hiding it in the tea jar, breaking it into tiny grains and scattering it across the plate so as to create the illusion of a clean plate, and to borrow a technique from a friend who disliked rice during her early childhood, placing said rice into mouth and going to bathroom to dispose in toilet/trash).  Of course none of this was done, but it was tempting nonetheless.3.  Any orders which are unfinished in general will be counted as extra orders on the final bill...this was adhered yet strangely enough after receiving our final round of food (a modest 2-3 rolls) the server waited when we were rubbing our bellies and chimes in "you have two more rolls coming!" and none of us had any idea where these phantom rolls were coming from and she then replies with a snarky shrug  "I'll take them off your order" as if she was doing us a favor....pure shenanigans4. The jalapeno poppers on the appetizer menu were not allowed to be included amongst the AYCE orders....what kind of crazy logic is this?  Wouldn't it be good strategy to fill your customers with heartburn due to fatty spicy cream cheese richness to slow down their intake of much much more expensive items?  Either these are the greatest jalapeno poppers in the history of appetizers or a missed business opportunity.   I don't even like jalapeno poppers but I almost was willing  to eat one just because this condition existed.THE MEALThe appetizers  (ahi poke, spicy sashimi salad, and miso soup)  The poke might as well have been unseasoned sashimi, whereas the sashimi salad was overdressed nearly drowning in the chili vinaigrette, and the miso soup was surprisingly not overly salty as I anticipated but ended up being the surprise highlight of the meal.The "big three" (uni, raw oysters, and sweet shrimp)...not exceedingly fresh but no risk of possible food poisoning either, although the oysters had a watered down quality to them....only tasted good since they were not specifically paid for.The nigiri:  I sampled the surfer clam, spanish mackerel, japanese yellowtail, and a few other standards....there was definitely something I couldn't put my finger on but the level of freshness just seemed 1 level below what you would expect if you ordered these same items at a regular reputable sushi bar.  I'm thinking perhaps they were precut in mass production and by the time they arrived they were partially dried out from the external surface area of each piece of fish being exposed for a prolonged period of time.The rolls:  Perhaps I've had enough sushi experiences to have progressed beyond rolls since they are drenched in so much sauce (seriously, what is the obsession with orgasm sauce in this town?), crispy shavings of empty calories, or packed with so many types of fish that I couldn't really differentiate any of them out of a sushi roll lineup much like the Seinfeld episode where George tries to catch the Twix bar candy thief ("It's a SETUP! They're all Caterpillar rolls!!")  I would try to limit your roll intake and focus on the other items to keep your palate from being overwhelmed(and to avoid the server from pulling that phantom roll maneuver as previously discussed)Last but not least, we figured we had successfully navigated through the labyrinth of extra charges until we received the final bill which charged us for the hot tea...are you serious???  So you're telling me I could have drank an entire gallon of miso soup instead of one measly cup of hot green tea which cost you pennies to brew?  Perhaps these were some tea leaves taken from the Emperor's garden, but I would appreciate a warning next time.  3 stars only because we definitely still got our money's worth, but I'm leaving a few more stars to be earned since my friends reassured me Goyemon is better.
4	Loved this place!!! I ventured here, because it is quite a distance from my abode. I was not disappointed in the least and plan on making the trek regularly in the future. The combination of rolls and appetizers on their AYCE menu is vast. They have the cooked rolls with mayo and crab and crunch that my sister loves and they also have the poke and Cajun albacore that I adore. Service was impeccable and the lunch price at $21 is totally worth it. My nephew ate for $14 AYCE. This is definitely one of my fave AYCE places in town!
4	Definitely one of the best sushi joints in Vegas. It's really far from my house, but when I happen to be in the mood to make the drive over the only thing I ever dislike is the bill. Not crazy expensive, just not the cheapest place in town. You get what you pay for in this town, it's worth what they charge on the occasions that I do go.
1	I used to love this place but the customer service sucks! We waited forever for our food and it wasn't even busy. I tried to give them a chance... Four chances infact and the service sucked every time. I will never recommend this place to anyone. I'm never coming back here.
4	This is my go-to sushi place.  I've been going here since it opened a few years ago, and I've never had a bad experience here.  Inevitbably, I will return.
4	I pretty much had a good time the two times I went here. My favorite are their salmon dishes. Anything on their menu with salmon in it is a definite favorite. I don't know why we can only order ONE dessert out of the AYCE menu though...The only thing that bothered me was the service. It was the slowest I've ever had, ever. (And I've been to a lot of places, not just in Vegas). If they fix their slow service, this place could definitely become my favorite place for AYCE sushi.
4	Ryan has been there several times and it was my (Kalila) second time there.Tonight we had a birthday dinner reservation for 12 people and they "forgot" to put it down. We got there and a friend of ours threw a fit and we ended up getting a private room. Crisis averted.We all came for all you can eat and it was delicious. Love affair and cajun albacore are two of my favorites. I also love their creme brulee.I've had better ahi poke though.Being that we had a large group ordering like crazy, a lot of our orders never came and we had to re-order certain things at least twice before they finally gave it to us. There were a couple orders that we just never got. We didn't make too big of a deal about it since we had a lot of food to go around anyways.The saddest part? Coming home smelling like a giant piece of shrimp tempura. My hair, skin & clothes currently all smell like food. I guess that's just the price you pay (aside from your actual bill) for enjoying great food.Despite a couple of the issues, we will be happy to go back again in the future.
5	Very fresh sushi- came here with a girlfriend, and on a diet!She ordered AYCE for $21...her food looked amazing.I opted for a lot of low-calorie things, so I got fresh albacore (6 pc), house salad w/ dressing on the side, and miso soup.My food was amazing and I tried one of her lobster roll,that was also amazing!They had served us edamame as an appetizer beforehand I guess...awesome i love those little perks places like this offer. Sometimes its cucumber salad. Love.She ended up getting a pink ball of ice cream after,but I didn't try it.We will definitely be back, as they have a ladies night and AYCE for $21 quite often!
5	The first time I went here with a couple of friends was on New Year's Eve. The AYCE was WONDERFUL! OOOooo so good! My favorite had to be the Volcano Roll! The fish was super fresh and SO YUMMY! The service was also nice as we got to keep ordering in advance and the waitress was very helpful and courteous. HANDS DOWN A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE FOR ALL!
5	I've been here so many times and yet I forgot to do a review. Me & the husband love this place. Andy the manager is always friendly and helpful. The fish is always fresh. I do like the variety of  rolls,  appetizers, and dessert.. Strangely enough, I've never really had any of their dessert because we seem to pig out of the AYCE and never have room for it at the end. The price is decent for quality and amount of food you get.  They have a large parking lot so, no worries about a parking space.
4	I'd been here about 5 times and I love the amazing all you can eat sushi they have here!  The fish is always fresh. I love their variety of  rolls,  appetizers, and dessert.  The price is decent for quality and amount of food you get. There usually is a wait I never had to wait more than 30 minutes, and I learn to go earlier or later then the rush hour times. The waiters/waitresses aren't attentive like in other reviews.  But then again, some Asians don't tip well, so I guess you don't need to tip them as much as other restaurant you normally go to.
5	Best all you can eat I've had. Everything is delicious!
3	compared to the sushi buffets in LA, ive gotta give oyshi 3 stars. the 2 things that trumps LA's sushi buffet is they serve seaweed salad and you get dessert at the end! main reason why it doesnt beat LA's sushi buffet: fish isnt as fresh and no sashimi!what i recommend: seaweed salad, tempura, tofu appetizer, mango mochi icecream, green tea tiramisu, eel & avocado hand rollthe raw fish itself is alright, it's not that fresh...i would rate it 7/10
3	AYCE Sushi! Service was great.  Sushi was good for AYCE standards.My picks if you're doing AYCE:Seaweed Salad - pretty standard, kind of smallTempura - SO GOOD! Agedashi Tofu - good flavor, but wasn't the best that I've had.MOCHI ICE CREAM - you only get to choose one dessert, definitely choose this!!Sunrise Roll - nice spicy flavorWait staff was really good at handling our large party of 16.  Kept track of most of the orders and checked on us often.
5	AYCE Sushi for $26?  Ladies nights I think is Thurs after 10PM...for $21?  How do you beat that?  Well, with good sushi of course!  The amount of items you can pick off of the AYCE menu are aawesome...You can get oysters, poke, and all of the sushi you want...of course, Sashimi doesn't count, but hey, get it all.  I like how you can pick a lot of the sides in the AYCE menu as well, particularly the seaweed salad, and the oysters...  VERY good value, good quality food, fresh sushi, and a good atmosphere to boot.  Only thing is that service can get a little non-attentive, but they're serving everyone pretty much everything, so just make sure you check up on the many things you order.
3	I found Oyshi by accident about 3 years ago an it's been my favorite Sushi spot since then. It's definitely the best sushi in Vegas - I always bring my friends so we can try a new roll or just really have a good time. I would give them 5, 6, 10 stars a couple years ago but the last time I was there I felt the quality of their food went down! The rolls didn't look fresh, the size of the salmon cuts or anything really are half now! I got very disappointed when I left the place, It use to be my favorite must go place in Vegas. The one good thing about them is I already complained about the service once and they took very good care of me, so I'm assuming if they figure it out the service went down considerably they will definitely take care and made it tool as good as before.
4	We went back! Valentine's dinner at Oyshi sounded so good, so we went. When we got there, we ran into a bunch of people we knew. Lots of our friends are regulars there.Our server Steven (maybe spelled Stephen) was very nice and paid special attention to us and started up real conversations about UNLV and stuff.There was only 2 of us and we had to re-order/ask about a couple of things we ordered (same as when we were there with the big group), but it wasn't a big deal because since there was only 2 of us, we got full way faster and were glad to use the digestion breaks between eating.The creme brulee was divine as always. It's just SO SAD how they only give you 1 dessert when you order AYCE (All You Can Eat) sushi. I want AYCE creme brulee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And still came home smelling like food. LOL.#foodcrew
4	this is one of my favorite all you can eat sushi places in vegas! i always have oyshi cravings every time i crave sushi... i love there oyster shooters in the all you can eat. Most sushi places don't offer that.  The ambiance is pretty bumpin... they play good house music that keeps you going. The rolls are phenomenal and satisfies my cravings till I'm about till I'm about to fall over. Dessert is great i always order the green tea ice cream parfait *drools* Price is $26 for dinner and lunch is about $21 before 3:30pm...
4	Since Kai by my house closed, I have been trowling my neighborhood looking for a new sushi spot.  Ventured a little outside the neighborhood to come to this place, but the reviews were so good on Yelp, I had to go and see for myself.  Very friendly staff.  Always a plus.  Really bumping on a Thursday night.  It looked like a lot of 30 somethings come here for date night.  Definitely a good atmosphere. We tried to order all of the rolls that sounded spicy because that's our thing. Everything we tried was really good, just not quite spicy enough for me.  My favorite roll was the Volcano roll.  Good value for the AYCE price of $26. Will definitely return and be sure to request extra spice.  Still haven't found anything better than Sin City for AYCE.
4	My cousin took me here before I left the country and it was delicious!  We ate so much we had a hard time walking out of the place :)  The prices were good and the selection was great.  Everything tasted fresh and they had some good flavors as well.  If you like sushi, you should give this place a try, it is better than anything else that I tried in Vegas while living there.
5	This is my favorite Sushi restaurant in the United States, and you can get the all you can eat menu too!!!The service is outstanding, they found out we were visiting from San Diego and they made some special rolls for us, that were not even on the menu.The Sushi is amazing and all you can eat!!! The price is very reasonable, much better than CA prices, plus you get appetizers and dessert too. I like the surf and turf appetizer, and the mochi dessert.They have techno / electric music, TVs playing football, and private rooms.It is 5 miles from the strip, but well worth it. Very nice staff and atmosphere.
5	Oyshi is our go-to spot for AYCE sushi.  Everyone that works here is super cool and most nights the service is quick, unless they're slammed.  The variety of rolls is good  and they are generous with their sauces, which makes it for me.  They don't offer sashimi on the AYCE menu, but not many places do.  All of their hot dishes are yummy too!  They have specials that are written on the dry erase board on the wall behind the sushi bar.  We like to start with the Salmon Lover's Roll and I like to end on the sweet & cheesy Japanese Lasagna.It's so close to my house I could walk there, but there's no way that I would be able to walk home!
4	Great place to go for AYCE sushi. Friendly sushi chefs and pretty nice ambiance. Luckily as I went to the wrong door first a gentleman who happened to be a regular helped me out and sure enough ended up sitting next to my date and I at the bar so I instantly became friends with the manager and staff. I suppose I could credit all the special attention and custom rolls to his presence but then again maybe that's just how they do things here. Had a great experience and would come back again. Decent price, delicious rolls, friendly service.
4	Oyshi will always have a special place in my heart. My husband and I used to eat here when we were just friends. We would come at least once a month and hang out at the bar with David. Fast forward about a year...we finally went back to the place that brought us together. We got here on a Saturday around 6 pm. Fairly busy but not packed. A lot of new faces, but David remembered us as well as the manager that runs the floor (not sure of his name). It felt pretty good to be remembered and it made the meal better! I cannot eat sushi right now, but everything looked fresh. My husband said it was good, but he didn't want to rub it in my face that I cannot eat raw sushi. Oyshi has always been on par with their fish and it definitely seemed that way on Saturday. I was able to order items from the kitchen luckily since they have a wide variety of cooked items. Calamari is good with their 2 different dipping sauces and as was their gyozas. I can't remember what else I ordered, but everything was fairly good. I will be back when I can get some real sushi into me again! Service has always been attentive and that hasn't changed. Oyshi is a winner!
5	This is my favorite all your can eat sushi place in Vegas! You can always find a seat right off the bat (Which is a far cry from somewhere else Yama Sushi where I have waited up to 2 hours with a group of 6). The menu is much longer, and more unique than somewhere like Sushi Mon. The decor is pretty hip, staff very friendly. We go back at least once a month!
5	Wow this place was definitely the best AYCE sushi I've ever had. First of all, the selection is AMAZING and overwhelming. It is a great deal for 21 dollars. Trust me and order the following items and you will be one satisfied customer with your belly about to explode. I will start off with the non-rolls food: Must get the surf and turf, ahi poke, sashimi salad, skirt steak, grilled asparagus and beef. There were a few other items that I would like to try next time. There were simpy so freaking many.For rolls, try the Nuclear Bomb Roll, Lobster Fair, Paradise Roll, and oh what the heck, just try everything!For desert, you definitely have to try the green tea tiramisu. The service was also great and very attentive. They will make great recommendations based off of your tastes. So trust me, if you're in Vegas, give this place a try.
1	Before you step into this restaurant, think again. There is a great five star restaurant next to it call soyo, you sure you wanna eat here?? Granted its a different type of restaurant but still, its money well spent if you spend $ 50 for two in soyo than here.The reason why I am so harsh on this place. Well, sushi are just amazingly stupid. There is no artform whatsoever, sushi are art, even though you are an ayce restaurant. Its a reflection of the sushi chef how the presentation of the sushi went. This restaurant make all sushi look like california roll and to boot if you look at all the rolls it full of slimy crabmeat with mayonaisse combination to make you full right away. Sure, they do have other appetisers on the menu or dessert included, but there are lots of other japanese ayce around las vegas that offer the same things. All this yelper that commented how great this restaurant is must never really eat in a proper japanese restaurant. Service are ok but honestly this one is a one and done for me.You can try and then pm me afterward, I will probably just say "see I told you so"
2	It was an unfortunate experience.  We wanted to order the kampachi and the chef advised that he wasn't comfortable serving it - although it was listed on their "specials"  board.  Guess what it really means is this is the fish we really wanted to get rid of.Rest was just ok at best.Too bad - so many other places near here so we won't be back.
4	Average sushi at best but considering that for $27 you can get all you can eat lunch, I'm a fan.Pros:1. decent selection of rolls, sashimi, appetizers for the buffet option2. friendly serviceCons:1. No sweet shrimp or uni (sea urchin) for lunch buffet (dinner only)2. Dynamite roll had wayyyy too much mayo which was gross3. No all you can eat dessert!? Wanted some more of that strawberry mochi!Recommendations: I'd choose the skirt steak over the other steaks. Yellow halibut is awesome (don't get the baby halibut as it is bland). Any of their rolls is decent but nothing really stood out to me in particular.Definitely worth coming back for the lunch special
4	All you can eat sushi in Vegas for $27?  Skeptical at first, but definitely hit the spot with all the rolls with jalapenos. Average sushi, but even the Professional Fat Kid has been hit hard by the economy.  I'm just glad it wasn't Todai.Oh...and saw Chandella Powell, UFC ring girl.  Didn't want to pull a tourist moment, so I didn't ask for a picture.
1	The quality of fish was not great. Another ayce sushi failure :/ fish to rice ratio was not good either. I asked not to put too much rice but they still did. Rice was too dense, felt like they really squeezed rice hard. Nothing was impressive here, I felt like it was waste of $26. On top of that, fish was really not fresh! I started feeling sick as returning to hotel and as soon as I got there I threw up everything. It was a bad experience. Won't return.
3	We go here when their competitor gets crowded. When we got there we were seated  promptly. The food here have alway been fresh and consistent but this time it wasn't so. Most buffets start out strong then lose its luster over time. This place is getting there.  I noticed my sushi was packed with a lot of rice. I was kinda full upon ordering the second round but that didn't stop me.  Also the sweet shrimp was a little fishy but it didn't cause any havoc to my tummy.  I hope the owner reads this because we really like this place.
4	This is the closest sushi spot to me and I'm glad it's actually a decent place.  I go here with my little brother and so far it's been great.  The servers there are very friendly and usually have a smile on their face.  Our last server there when we went for ayce was pretty cute as well (always a plus).As far as the sushi is concerned, I got my money's worth.  The fish was pretty fresh, not the freshest, but still good.  I prefer sushi that isn't drenched in sauce and the rolls that I had were good.  I got away with an extra dessert when you can only order one, thanks to our cute waitress.  The best rolls were the Hawaiian and the Yellowtail Trio.They also have a great selection of entrees and apps to choose from.  I have had the teriyaki beef and that was really good.  They have something for everyone interested in Asian cuisine.Whenever I feel like treating myself or my friends and family, this will definitely be the spot.
1	I've been to many sushi places in Vegas and Oyshi by far was the worst.  The all you can eat is for 2 hours which is fine but it took over 20 minutes to get my one simple roll and it wasn't even busy. It also took me getting up and taking my glass to a waitress to refill my glass of water and the sushi was very average, for $27 you can find much better sushi with good service.
4	LATE NIGHT SUSHI AT ITS BEST (At least, from what I've tried so far)I usually don't get off until 11:15 at night, and by that time, most sushi bars in Vegas have already packed it in and called it a night, or are shortly about to. Not Oyshi!Thankfully, this place stays open until 2AM (last call at 1:30 AM) and is perfect for folks working in the entertainment industry in Vegas.The All-You-Can-Eat option is $27 at this place, and it is worth it! Though not as great as other AYCE places I have dined in, it still boasts a wide selection of rolls and hot food. I think my favorite roll was the Yellowstone Roll, which was an interesting Spicy Tune and Whitefish concoction that was topped with yum-yum sauce, jalapeno and CHEDDAR CHEESE. I haven't ever been to a place with cheddar cheese as a sushi topping.I do wish that the dessert was all you can eat as well, because I would have like two mochi balls instead of 1, but that's a small gripe.The alcohol did seem relatively expensive. My buddy had a Sapporo and it was $7 or $8. That almost seems obscene.On a positive note, Dana is not a huge sushi fan, so she opted for the Teriyaki Chicken Dinner. For $11, she had a Miso Soup, a Salad, a bowl of white rice and a HUGE steaming hot plate FULL of chicken teriyaki with hardly any vegetables. It was a fantastic deal!
5	I loved this place. The food was excellent and the service was great. I went there with my wife and mother and 3 kids. It was the day after Mother's day since my dear wife had to work on Mother's day.We loved pretty much every thing that we ordered. Now like all the all you can eat places in Vegas you can order sashimi but only as sushi and they make you eat everything.  Still at 25 dollars a person and 20 for kids it was well worth what we paid.If there was one negative it was that at such a small place they still added 18% gratuity onto the bill. I would have tipped much more than that if they didn't add it.We really loved the Lobster Fair and the Las Vegas Roll. Especially the Las Vegas since it didn't have any rice.I do think that the staff needs better training. Although they were sweet and charming they did mess up a couple of times on the order. But we did order a lot and there were at least 3 people ordering. I guess I wouldn't have done as well as they did.
4	Went here on a suggestion and WOW is all I can say. The sushi was fresh and delicious and the variety is awesome. The fact that it is so close to where I live helps a lot also. The Green Tea ice cream is a perfect way to cap off a great dinner. Will definitely be back
5	Wow...I didn't realize that I haven't done a review for one of my favorite AYCE sushi joints.  Anyway...here it is:Located on the southwest side of town at the corner of Rainbow and Robindale.  Plenty of parking.  Customer service is a bit lacking compared to when they first opened but I'm sure it's cause they always have a full house.Reasonable price for AYCE at $21.00 for lunch and $26.00 for dinner.  They have a wide range of menu options which includes appetizers, sashimi/sushi, signature rolls, entrees, kids menu, and my favorite...desserts.  They also have food options for vegetarians.  There are private dining areas for a more intimate experience with seating from 5-20+ people.  The smaller private room seats about 5+ people and has couches for seating and a tv, so while you are dining you can chillax, enjoy your food, and be entertained by the tv.  The larger room can seat about 20+ so it's ideal for larger parties but there are no couches, just regular seats, however, there is a tv.
1	I'm writhing in pain as I write this review because my stomach hurts so flipping bad after eating from here.  Prepare yourself for my meanest review yet.First, NO.  Just no.  I want to shout this at the top of my lungs to the owner/manager/whatever of this place.  The sushi here was the WORST ever that Ive tasted.  They boast an impressive menu but too bad they do not know how to properly make each roll.  The fish was SLIMY and gross.  Sushi rolls should not slide down your throat, you should be able to chew them and relish in all the amazing flavors.  I couldn't distinguish any of the rolls apart and the WORST one was the Hawaiian roll.  It completely ruined my entire appetite and I couldnt eat any more sushi.  Like literally too disgusted.Secondly, NO.  The service needed some help.  They were friendly but when they got busy they couldn't keep up.  There were 4 sushi chefs and 3 waitresses with the restaurant being full.  It took forever to get us seated (the hostess has to waitress just to keep up), forever to get our sushi rolls, and forever to get a refill and we went there when it was NOT busy.  Lastly, my boyfriend and I both immediately felt sick to our stomachs when we left.  Like nauseous, clutch your stomach, take tiny sips of water and moan sick.So why one star?  Why bother to give one?  Because the staff WAS friendly whenever they did talk to us.  Also there were several flies in the restaurant.  DEE-SGUSTINGHarumph!
2	I would give the food 5 stars but I had something strange happen to me the two times I was there and I'll never go back because of it. Both times I was there I was picking up take-out. The first time I was picking up my food, the total was something like $19.20 and I gave the very polite man a $20 bill. He didn't bring me any change, but asked me if I wanted something to drink while I waited. I though maybe when he brought me my food, he would give me my change but he didn't. I was going to tip him but since he never even mentioned my change, I let that be his "tip". The next and last time I went I got to go food again. It was the same guy and he took my order and the total was $43.50. I have him $45. So this is actual paper money now so I thought he would totally bring me my money back this time. Again, very polite, asked me if I wanted something to drink.....and never mentioned my change again! It's not the money that bothered me, it's the assumption that really irritates me. Now you may ask, why didn't I just ask for my change. Well it's kinda simple, why should i have to! He lost a customer and a word of mouth review for $1.50. I was almost tempted to try this theory again and pay for something with a $100 and see what the result would be. Does he only keep a certain amount of money, would something over $20, $40 $50 be pushing his luck....So in short, the food is pretty good, the thieving man is very polite but I don't like when someone just assumes that my change is his tip.
4	One of my fave sushi restaurants! I love the service, quality food and its very fresh. The menu is on point. I really have nothing bad to say. I've been a few times, and both times were on point. Its worth the trip.
4	If you are a fan of the AYCE and westernized style sushi, you will really like this place. 1.  Service - 5 Stars - This place rocks with service. This is a key at the AYCE places as I think that they will automatically "pace" you with the limited staff and service. However, here, we had numerous people helping, providing us food, taking orders for additions and even the manager or owner (didn't get his name) came out to help.  Very, very nice.2.  Ambiance - 5 Stars - I was kinda irritated as to why my pals were asking to meet way out here in the middle of where, and it was not a disappointment at all. The table set up is great, nice waiting area, very comfortable flow.  I felt very, very relaxed here and not rushed at all.....3.  Food Quality - We ordered some real sushi like Amai Ebi with the fried shrimp heads and they were tasty. The Uni or sea Urchin was very flavorful and the texture was spot on.  Then, we had a bunch of westernized sushi that my pals ordered and while I cannot tell you what was in them and the conglomeration of sauces that hid the fish taste, I can tell you that as a food group, this stuff was pretty darn good. I wouldn't call it sushi, I would call it "chop suey sushi".  I give the food quality 4 stars.4.  Pricing - For AYCE, the price is not bad 21 / 26 per person depending on lunch or dinner.  Many of my favorites don't qualify for AYCE, so I will be going back to clarify this as I did not pay this bill, and so I am not 100% positive. However, in reading the bill, the more traditional and higher quality stuff was not included.  I will check this as I may be wrong.  For now, I give this 4 star.GK says, check it out!
2	Oyshi was my first AYCE experience here in Vegas.  At first I thought it was one of the better AYCE sushi places in Vegas but lately it has gone down hill. Case in point my last visit.We had a party of 6, waited about 15 minutes to be seated.  I've been here when it has been busy and tonight it wasn't that BUSY. We made our first round of orders and waited, waited some more and waited.  It was a good 25 minutes before we got our first round.  We didn't receive our complete order, I just said eh never mind. We ordered some more, and I ordered some Uni and oysters for our group. Again we waited, and waited again. We got the rest of our FIRST order and got some of the second but no uni or oysters. So I ordered some nigiri to hold me over until the uni and oysters came. My nigiri came but not the other items, finally the oysters came but no uni, i asked our server where is the uni and i she tells me 'oh, we ran out'. I was like WTF! Shouldn't you know that information before I ordered it or at least kept me updated. At this point some of my party was clearly upset and just ordered dessert but guess what? They were OUT of some the dessert items too! This last visit was VERY bad, I hope they improve cause I like this place a lot because they offer different items from other AYCE.FYI: The table next to us, got up and left and never paid, I think it was due to the poor service they got.I'll be back, MAYBE
4	Pretty good with lots of options. Really good spot for all you can eat. Waiter was a little rude at first
1	Introduced by a friend was very impressed. Came back a second time this time I bought friends we ate in VIP room it was dirty. But food still great. At the end I ordered 2 rolls to go for my friend who intro me to this spot cause he couldn't make it. I brought them to his store after dinner and left he texted me to ask what they were cause it was not what he ordered. We called oyshi manager Kevin and he told us he would take care of us next time. So a few days later (visit 3 in less then 10 days) we went again. This time my friend who intro the place made it. When we were done we asked for Kevin again the five of us ate ayces. My two boys both under 3 did not eat. Again we were in VIP room.  Kevin came up and we reminded him of our wrong roll order and the 22 buck credit we had. He said what rolls would you like to take home? We said none the guy we ordered them for is here and we ate enough fish tonight. He said well I'm not taking off check next time you do want rolls to go I will take care of you. Then the check came 18% gratuity for 5 people....... We paid it cause it was 24 dollars but the server actually screwed himself out of a bigger tip.  The service also sucked.. Hour for our first round of rolls to show to the table. It's fresh it's good. It will be closed soon if their attitudes don't change.
4	The food was fine, but I just don't get all the hype.  The food is far from complain-worthy, but, why would I eat here when i can go to Kobe Bistro and pay half as much for the exact same fish!?Kobe is great and is almost always 50% off (they also have ayce).   Oyshi is good, but quite expensive.
4	Oyshi is not a fancy smancy sushi restaurant, but  It will definitely please your stomach if you are hungry .Plenty of sushi to choose from and side dishes as well. All time favorite side dish has to be surf and terf which consist of fried steak and shrimp handed it to you still sizzling! One of the best sushi rolls is the love affair because tt has some lobster in it ;). Their alcohol prices are reasonable for the portions they serve you. It can be slow at times when its busy, but definitely worth the wait. Every time i go they, it seems like i'm in a club since they play house or clubbing music lol. A great place to go but not in a large group. Great place overall :-(D
3	Usually, when I walk into a Japanese restaurant, I get the boisterous greeting from the sushi chefs and wait staff. None here. No biggie. Nice, clean-looking restaurant.The fish tasted fresh. Ordered the tuna and super white tuna. Both were tasty. The rolls, however, I found a little disappointing. The atomic bomb was the only roll I thought was pretty good, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. The Sunrise roll I did not care for at all. It tasted like it was soaked in a garlic soy sauce. The Iris Special roll was very difficult to eat. The sauce tasted very similar to the sauce in the Sunrise roll, but it was a completely different sauce. There was a pasty, yet grainy texture to it and the flavor was pretty gross. All in all, I don't think i'd go there again.
4	First time ever that I have had all you can eat sushi this style. Why doesn't New Orleans have this?? All you can eat on the menu for around $21! This deal more than filled my stomach. We started off with the grilled beef asparagus and baked green mussel. I love the beef that wraps around the asparagus which gives it a great taste to the asparagus. The sauce on the baked green mussel is also perfect. Overall i had  a great experience. We ordered most of the special rolls on the menu. I will definitely come back whenever I am back in town!
5	Amazing food, amazing service, all you can eat for about $30, clean and awesome restaurant aesthetics, and private rooms. Will definitely be going back regularly.
3	Oyshi Sushi is a smart kid with ADHD.We went with a good sized party and reservations. Got placed in a side room. The decor is solid but nothing spectacular. The party, with the exception of one tactically frugal individual all went All You Can Eat (AYCE).Two things:1) The sushi was great. Fresh, well put together, largelly plated well and highly satisfactory. Nothing mind blowing, but great stuff.2) They brought it out seemingly at random. We'd not get rolls we ordered and get other rolls instead, no explanation. The waitress was reading our requests back and she appeared to be writing them down, but the correlation between food requested and food delivered was .71 tops.Bizarre Food Fail: Surf and Turf was ordered. Turf and Turf was delivered. Apparently the shrimp staged a daring escape.I will return here, but largelly because it's five minutes away and my friends have low standards.
5	Great service and wonderful food. All-you-can-eat is a must if you're going in a group. Check out their special menu located behind the bar.
4	Food is really good the only reason why I took off one star is because there service really really sucks at times! I get so surprised if they actually are doing well.
1	Sucks. Not fresh.!!.not Japanese style at all. super Slow !! Waitress are like sleeping.. chefs are playing....
3	1) Ambiance: Modern, busy, high energy with techno/dance music playing.2) Price: Comparable to most AYCE Sushi Joints $21 Lunch/ $26 Dinner3) Service: Slow as far as food preparation. Spent nearly 2 hours on AYCE for 2 people. The servers & management were very nice though. Drinks were always refilled and they came around to check up on us often.4) Food: Some of the things we ordered.Appetizers-Baked Green Mussels were good. I could eat 100.Asian Style Skirt Steak - Came out on a sizzilin' platter & smelled terrific but I wasn't diggin' the taste. Nothing special.Sushi-Fish was eh... just ok. Not as fresh.Favorite Rolls-Amigo - jalapeno, combination of fish and cream cheese w/ flaming hot chili sauce. Jalepeno-licious!Love Affair - shrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster, crunch flakes. Scrumptious!5) Overall: Satisfactory. There were a lot of things we wanted to try but were too full. I would give this place another shot.
2	I'm sorry but it bothers me that this restaurant is highly reviewed. Everyone has different idea about sushi but this place disappointed me, who is not so picky about sushi. Wish I had the picture of the sushi that I ordered but it's been a while and unfotunately it's hard to find from thousands of pictuers I have. This restaurant is great for people who loves "rolls". I enjoy rolls too but I enjoy regular nigiri sushi, which, I think, is the best way to enjoy the quality of fish. When I order Tuna nigiri, the sushi came out WET & SOGGY like the fish was just microwaved and defrosted. I do not know what caused it to be wet & soggy but I've never seen such thing in my life. Sea Urchin is not edible if they are not decent quality and this restaurant's sea urchin was not good at all.Again, rolls are enjoyable but I don't know if  I can call this restaurant a "good sushi restaurant".
5	I cannot believe the amount of selection that you get from this place. 78 rolls and tons of choices for sushi, plus its not like other all you can eat places where the rolls are California Roll based; I counted only 4 that are out of the 78. They also have daily specials that's included in the all you can eat menu adding in oyster and sweet shrimp to the dinner menu.The quality is higher than some places I know in California and this place is located in the middle of a desert. I always make it a priority to visit this place at least once when I'm in Vegas.
5	I am a Las Vegas native and a big fan of sushi.I've seen so many sushi places open and close. Oyshi...is one I would never want to see close its doors.This is, for the affordable price it offers, the best sushi in town. The salmon sushi is just about the closest thing to edible heaven.The venue is open and airy. The music is upbeat (don't expect some slow, romantic songs). The staff is friendly and everyone pitches in. I've seen managers roll up their sleeves and help out the servers when it gets busy ---very impressed by that.
4	Very good sushi! Very fast & friendly service. Good price for all you can eat. IMHO, too many rolls with cream cheese. However, I will return! :-)
4	On a Wednesday evening, we had 2 AYCE dinners for ~60. - Accommodative. They changed the channel for the olympics for us :)- Get the oysters. small but packed with flavor. beware! rocks with the oysters? too fresh :/. LOL- Calamari was a bit too oily. no flavor- Get the baked green mussels. they even cut it in half for you :)- big pieces of yellow tail and salmon for the nigiri :)- The monster roll is deceiving. it's not all soft shell crab. sad that they only use the legs. Ends are shrimp tempura.  - LOVED the salmon skin roll. more skin than salmon means more crunchy :)- the NYI roll barely has soft shell crab. even smaller legs!!! :(- Nuclear roll had a bit too much cream cheese. :/- Yellow tail trio was a bit too tangy. small pieces of yellow tail- you only get ONE DESSERT! FAIL...- Mango mochi was average. they put a toothpick in it with the plastic on. LOL- Parfait was delicious. but needs more granola. i think the berries and strawberry pieces are frozen.- Although it may sound picky, overall it was pretty delicious or OISHI :)
5	Here is my review:HMMMMMMM HMM HMMM HMM WHEEEE
4	The only reason I didn't give this spot a 5... Blaring. House. And. Electronic. Music... Even on a weekday, during lunch time. I just don't get it?! I mean I can get down with some EDM, house, dub-step and whatever else they play, but it'd be nice if they can switch it up once in awhile.On to the food. Double Screaming, Red Rock, High Roller... I mean I can keep going. So many yummy rolls. Definitely worth it to get AYCE. Just don't overdo it and look like half the people I see in there. Hunched over the table, sweating, trying to finish that last roll they regretted ordering in the first place! Wait, that was me last time. Hahaha
4	What can I say...ALL YOU CAN EAT Sushi...its great!  Great kitchen items too.  Service was good, and the California and California-based rolls were out of the world delicious!
5	great ayce, they offer teriyaki steaks and dessert. Lunch is about 5 dollars cheaper
4	Oyshi means "delicious" in Japanese and this restaurant doesn't disappoint. For local Las Vegans, this is the spot to go for delicious sushi!  Locals drive from the North (about 30-40 minutes away) just to eat here.Sushi is fresh and tasty. Get the Nuclear Bomb and the Heart Attack! Even the dessert is good. Get the creme brulee!If you go for dinner, make sure to choose all you can eat, otherwise you'll be paying buckos! All You Eat menu is anything except sashimi. As of this writing, $26 for All you can eat dinner, $21 for lunch. It will be worth your money.Waitstaff is casual and easygoing. They play EDM music in the background which keeps the atmosphere upbeat and fun. Only reason not a 5 star is because there usually is a wait. Everytime we've gone, we have had to wait 20-30 minutes for a table. But it's always been worth the wait!  4 stars for us!
4	Has been a looong time since I went to Oyshi, as my first experience here was less than memorable, and pre-Yelp.  Some colleagues talked me into another visit recently, and I have to say, I was pleased with the AYCE lunch special.  I found a couple rolls that were interesting and spicy.  Enjoyed them both thoroughly.  My colleagues raved about their selections also.  The sushi chefs were very courteous, and the waitress was quick to assist with questions and recommendations.  I will definitely keep this on my lunch list, and may have to make an evening visit, when you really decide on that last star at a local sushi spot!  "Kanpai!"
2	I have eaten here quite a bit and over the last 2 year the customer service and quality have gone WAAAAY down.  They need to hire more staff and get better fish suppliers.   I had to flag down a server 3 times to place an order.  Two orders were completely wrong.  My Tiger roll fell apart while trying to pick it up.  I waited 30 MINUTES for a Dynamite roll.  This was at 1:30 when I was 1 of 8 people in the place.  I will not go back.
4	From someone that hated sushi, I've learned that's it's all in how it's prepared....Oyshi Sushi converted me into someone that can't get enough now!  The place is always busy, and the crowd is very diverse.  Waiters are good at suggesting items if you're not too sure, and the menu offerings are plentiful.  Only once did I attempt AYCE....but my stomach wouldn't allow any more after the 3rd dish. But if you can, go for it...very affordable.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place recently because we were getting tired of our regular spot and we loved it! the service was quick and friendly and their AYCE menu had lots of great options. We had a few rolls, as well as oysters, a seaweed salad and tons of nigiri sushi. It was all fresh and delicious and came out promptly. I think we've found our new favorite spot! As much as we love our old place it really is hard to find a good sushi place that also gives good service but this place has both!
5	mmmmmmmmmmmmm
4	What an awesome place! I have recently gotten into sushi and I must say this place has an amazing selection of rolls and side items for the all you can eat. I really enjoy their surf and turf side dish and the gyozas are awesome! The amigo, heart attack, monster, hot tamale and love affair rolls are scary good.I would give this place a 4.5 rating if I could, but I give it four stars for two reasons. First, the service can be slow compared to other sushi places I have been to (so order a few rolls at once). Second, when sitting at the bar it is a bit confusing who I am supposed to order from. That waitress usually comes by and ask how I'm doing, but she takes too long between orders. Yesterday I ordered from the bar and then I order from the waitress and there was a confusion on my order. The waitresses are all very nice, but the staff at the bar, the people make your rolls, are a bit serious--no small talk or smiles offered to the customer sitting at the bar.
4	This place is the bomb!! Excellent AYCE!! I'm in love with the Catercheese roll! Great place plus they're open until 2am!!
3	The pro's fun ambiance, friendly staff, and quick service.That being said the sushi here was lacking. We ordered the tuna poki, garlic albacore, salmon sashimi, and the screaming orgasm. The poki was mediocre but not bad. The salmon was also okay but once again not the best. The screaming orgasm was way over sauced in a creamy mayo sauce. I couldn't even taste the fish, although I do have to say they cut the tuna well. The worst was the albacore. It was bright red and tasted mushy and off. Needless to say we didn't finish it. I have a feeling if I want to find good sushi in this city I'm going to have to head to China Town.
4	This is my favorite AYCE!  Service is good, nice environment, and good food!Just be patient if you're going with a big group.  ;)
4	Very creative and tasty here.
2	I've been to Oyshi a couple times and have never left satisfied! The fish quality was not all that great, the rice was too wet for my taste & the service was quite slow! Also the stools at the sushi bar were being really weird and kept sinking down for some reason.. Maybe I'll give them another try..  MAYBE ! Haha
5	Just left Oyshi. First visit and WOW! Very impressed and stuffed to the gills. Sat at the bar and was taken care of buy a great dude who kept the rolls and nigiri coming and suggested my next sushi adventure.I will be back every time I am in Vegas! I have eaten at Sushi-Samba at the Palazoo, and I honestly enjoyed this $30.00 sushi excursion much more than the $$$$$$$$$ Sushi Samba
5	Perfect. So friendly and great for our 4 year old son. Love the menu options. We will be back.
1	"I'm STARVING! waited 34 mins AFTER gettin seated just to flag a different waiter to take our All You Can Eat sushi order. This place used to be my favorite sushi spot but the service sticks out the most (above the food) and this place really went to the gutter."
4	Finally made it to Vegas to try Oyshi sushi. I learned about this place from a website called Sushinomads. It had good reviews so I had to plan to go the next time I was in Vegas. We went during lunch AYCE sushi which is not much different from dinners AYCE. I must say that the quality of the food deserves five stars. They offer a lot of interesting styles of rolls and also offer specials of the day that are included in AYCE. My test for all sushi restaurants I go to is the Salmon Skin Handroll. Oyshi passed with flying colors. The salmon skin was crispy. The seaweed was crunchy and not soggy from getting drenched with eel sauce to add flavor. Salmon skin roll is a simple roll but can easily be ruined if not done correctly. Since that turned out well, I was really looking forward to trying the wide selections of rolls that they offered on the menu. You pretty much have the whole menu to choose from including appetizers, salads and desserts for the AYCE. So if it's not just sushi you're craving, the AYCE is still an excellent choice. We will definitely go back to try the many different sushi & rolls we were to full to try.
5	Definitely the best sushi place around!
1	Will not return. All you can eat at its WORST!! stay away. they have no idea about cleaning in this place. Check out they're recent health inspections no wonder we got sick!!!http://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/restaurants/inspections.php
5	BOMB food for all you can eat.  You don't have to lower your standards because it's  AYCE.  It takes some time for them to bring out your food, so do yourself a favor and put in a couple choices so there's a steady flow of sushi coming.  There's so many good ones, I can't pick a favorite.  Be patient, cause they do tend to get backed up.
4	I cant believe its taken me this long to find this place! stumbled upon this sushi restaurant while out doing some errands today and what a hidden treasure! Usually sushi bars have a very boring decor and bland music but this place was playing Trance music.. that is awesome! with beautiful decor to the wall art and the exposed pipes it has a very stylish/modern feel to it. I almost felt like I was in San Francisco. I ordered the seaweed salad. It was a very generous portion but my only gripe was it was completely covered in sesame seeds which i am not a fan but know next time to request them to be left out. The seaweed itself was very fresh and the right amount of dressing was used.Then i ordered the Hawaiian roll with soy paper. It had albacore, shrimp, and cucumber inside wrapped in a Cajun albacore and avocado tossed with some ponzu sauce... heaven. Seriously one of the best sushi rolls I have ever had and I consider myself a sushi connoisseur. Next time I'm there I will defiantly get the all you can eat. for $25 its well worth it. Why only 4 stars? horrible service, I sat at a table and had a difficult time ordering and keeping my water glass filled. but whatever the food was so great Ill defiantly  recommend it.
5	I cant believe its taken me this long to find this place! stumbled upon this sushi restaurant while out doing some errands today and what a hidden treasure! Usually sushi bars have a very boring decor and bland music but this place was playing Trance music.. that is awesome! with beautiful decor to the wall art and the exposed pipes it has a very stylish/modern feel to it. I almost felt like I was in San Francisco. I ordered the seaweed salad. It was a very generous portion but my only gripe was it was completely covered in sesame seeds which i am not a fan but know next time to request them to be left out. The seaweed itself was very fresh and the right amount of dressing was used.Then i ordered the Hawaiian roll with soy paper. It had albacore, shrimp, and cucumber inside wrapped in a Cajun albacore and avocado tossed with some ponzu sauce... heaven. Seriously one of the best sushi rolls I have ever had and I consider myself a sushi connoisseur. The popcorn scallops are amazing as well. they're little scallops deep fried and served with a wasabi ranch and honey mustard sauce. I had the all you can eat which was only $25 and that even included 2 oysters! Amazing deal especially for the quality. Ive already been 3 times in the past 3 days and Ill probably end up here at least 3-4 times a week. LOVE LOVE LOVE!Oh! and the sushi chefs are awesome. :)
3	Food is good. Service is the reason I probably won't return. I'll admit the food is awesome and the selection is extensive when you order ayce. I gave this place three strikes before I decided I won't come here again. The first time I came with a group of 4 friends. Waitresses were always slow to come to our table to order more sushi leaving us with nothing to eat multiple times. At the end of the day two of us got food poisoning the next day. Second time I came with my girlfriend. Again, waitresses don't check up on our table enough. Third time I came with a group of 8 friends. We waited over 30 minutes for our server to take our second order for ayce. We complained to the manager about our server and it seemed like he didn't care or address our concern. When our server did come we already lost our appetite and just wanted to leave. The food is amazing but the service needs an overhaul.I'll be return every once in awhile but, previous experiences has kept Oyshi from being my #1 AYCE sushi.
5	This is the best AYCE sushi in Vegas! We always come here for a great time and good eats!! The sushi chefs are amazing!!
4	For the $2X price of lunch or dinner AYCE sushi this place is really not too shabby!  Basically everything on the menu minus the sashimi's on the menu are obtainable for the AYCE deal just make sure you can finish everything you order, or pay the price.I liked the fact that the fish was actually cold to the touch when I was eating the rolls and what not...it gives me the false sense that it's fresher.Like most AYCE if you have a big appetite it becomes a better deal for you but if you can only stomach two rolls max, might be better off ordering off the menu and skipping on the deal.
4	An extensive AYCE menu at a low price. Especially for this area. Lunch for two with a bottle of sake came to a little over $60 before tip. Oyshi is one of the only places that uses lobster in their dishes. I wish it was a little more distinguishable though. Mixed in with the diced crab stick, it is difficult to taste the natural sweetness of the lobster. I am not a huge mayo fan either, but did not dislike any of the dishes because of it. The fact that it was not mixed with half a jar made it bearable.The rice is the most important part of the sushi. Even though we were there early, the rice was cooked off early enough to let it properly cool. There is nothing worse than warm fish and rice that falls apart when picked up. The nigiri list is smaller than some of the other sushi joints, but the items we got were all fresh.
1	Well I just ate at Oyshi an hour ago and this is my experience with them. First off I should have known better to eat there when I realized me and my friend were the only Asians in the restaraunt. If you are a Expert Sushi eater you would do well to stay away from Oyshi. The Sushi Rice was horrid. It was not cooked all the way and they pack the rice way too tight. I never got three things I ordered by the time I left which was such a turn off.  Some of the Nigiri was decent however some of it tasted not so fresh. The back of my throat was itching from their fish as I am very sensitive to bad fish. The server was super sweet however she was not attentive what so ever.     My child ordered the Teryaki kids meal and the first thing she said when I asked her how is it was my chicken is dry with no flavor so I had them take it back.    They do not understand how to make rolls there. I ordered the spicy tuna which was the worse spicy tuna. They had no cucumber in any rolls which that texture was missing from every roll. I do not think they understand the proper way to make sushi.   Discouraged from the sushi I tried to order some apps to get my moneys worth.... Bad idea the salad ...bad! The Calamri was the same frozen tiny dried over cooked calamari served at other pizza bistros. The sizzling rib eye was over cooked and dry and flavorless. The mussels had a garlic soy mayo sauce which was super salty and made the mussels super rich.    This place seems to be more for those who really do not know what good sushi is. If you were raised eating sushi then I would stay far away from Oyshi.  They seem concerned when they notice a customer is unhappy yet management or the servers do nothing to ammend the situation.   I ordered Sea Urchin, sunrise roll, white tuna, salmon, garlic tuna and a few other rolls and Nigiri. The only thing I liked or enjoyed was my water with lemon.   Now all I am thinking about is the money I wasted there. I have never been so displeased ergo why I tweeted to my 16 Thousand Followers that they should never eat at Oyshi .. HORRIBLE
4	This was my second visit to Oyshi and it still stands strong with 4 stars! Our experience started off a bit rocky as we waited to be seated while the bar was empty? The Manager stated that we "needed to wait a few to be seated so that the Sushi Chefs can get caught up". There were two other guys who were waiting as well who told us they have been waiting 10 minutes so far to be seated. This was a Saturday so I will take that into consideration I suppose for the extra wait. Anyhow we are finally seated at the bar as we requested and are greeted about 5 minutes later by the most Awesome server named Diego. Things started to take a turn for the better thank goodness even though we did not have food for at least 25 minutes after sitting at the bar.We decided on the AYCE menu and it was lunch time on top of it so for $21.00 each we were ready to grub!This was my boyfriends first time here and I have only been once prior which was a great visit as well!All of our rolls and appetizers were spot on fresh and tasty! The service we received from server Diego was Outstanding which made our visit a real treat on top of the yummy food. At the end of our meal my boyfriend even informed the Manager of how Fantastic Diego was however he seemed preoccupied as he was rushing us out the door by saying OK , OK ,OK. Wow the same Manager that told us we would have to wait to be seated so that the Sushi Chefs can catch up. That sucks because when people go up and beyond in providing you with excellent service I really think they should be recognized and to give a Manager an employee compliment who could care less is unfortunate. Not the best of Service from the Manager however Diego our server was a Star!I took photos and labeled a few of the items we had.
1	Honestly, it's a really nice place with nice decor.  I guess that's why people think that the food is good.  Actually, the food I was not impressed at all.  The rolls, the appetizers.  But hey, again, nice restaurant.
1	Took us 10 minutes to be seated and there was nobody else ahead of us in line. Not at all a traditional sushi place at all with terrible costumer service
4	My boyfriend absolutely loves this place. He's not really into AYCE sushi places, but he LOVES this one. Me? Yup, I thought it was pretty good too. Love that they give you small portions, so that you can try more things, and you don't get stuck trying to finish something you don't like. ~$26 per person for AYCE dinner. This includes everything on the menu except sashimi. Some of our favs were the Hawaiian Ahi Poke, Nigiri, Tiger Roll, and for dessert, Green Tea Ice Cream. It's about a 10 minute drive off the strip. Great for large parties, but make reservations. We went on a Monday night, and though we were able to get seats right away at 5:45pm, the place was pretty busy by the time we left.  We'll definitely be back.
1	Considering just the food, I have to say that it's really great here. Really quality sushi here. The All You Can Eat menu also includes other dishes besides sushi, such as Calamari or Asian Skirt Steak. The food here is pretty darn great.However.... the service here is horrible. I've been here about 6 times and it's a bad experience most of the time. I wait for up to 30 minutes for my food. One time my server forgot to put in anything that I ordered so I didn't get my food for a whole 45 minutes.I also had to wait to be seated for 20 minutes when I could clearly see that there were about a dozen free tables.Also, one time I went there and the server recognized me from a week before. She remembered that I didn't tip so generously the last time I was there, so when we sat down, she told us "I hope you tip more this time". I believe that was extremely rude. It ruined my appetite for the rest of the meal.
5	I brought a friend of mine to this, my favorite sushi restaurant, and I could not have asked for a better experience. Although we had to wait 30+ min to be seated, everything was great once we got to our table. Here is a recap:Service: Awesome! Our waitress was friendly and checked back with us often. Our food arrived quickly at our table (even faster than the times when they were less busy and I sat at the bar), and we were made to feel comfortable by the staff.Food: Better than ever. All of our rolls were presented with delicacy and tasted great. Even though the place was packed, I felt like the chefs really took the time to prepare the best rolls for us, and yet did not take forever to make our orders.Quick tip: Do yourself a favor and try the heart attack and the amigo roll. They are out of this world!
1	I arrived at the restaurant with my party of 4 was told it would be a 15 min wait, even though 70% of the tables were empty. At this point we offered to sit at the bar  which only had more than 10 avail seats, and we were told the issue was the staff was backed up and we could not be seated there either. We waited approx 20 min before we were sat at a table that had more soy sauce on the menus than were in the soy sauce pots. We placed our order, half our party received their rolls within an acceptable 15 min (We took a soy sauce pot from another table that had been empty the entire time and that one was also empty) while the other half did not receive anything until 45 min had gone by and the other half of the table had eaten their entire order. After 1 hour the person next me and I had received 2 of the 3 rolls we initially ordered and we canceled the remaining order. The server took off our drinks and did not charge us the remaining rolls even though one of the elusive rolls showed up the min we tried to leave. Food was good/average for a sushi place in this price bracket waiter was prompt and courteous. The one star is for the food and the waiter otherwise I would select none.  Restaurant was just poorly staffed/operated. One last thing the was the restroom looked like it was hit by hurricane Sandy and the host really did not seem to care about anything. Who understaffs a restaurant on a Saturday night?
5	For a sushi restaurant in the middle of the desert, they've got some pretty damn fresh fish and a huge all-you-can-eat (AYCE) menu.Though there are appetizers and salads, I always go for the nigiri and the rolls to fill that insatiable need for fish and rice. Some of the maki come in hand rolls, while others are baked, deep-fried, full of veggies, spicy, or wrapped in soy paper. You definitely should be able to find at least one item you'll enjoy or you're just flat out doing it wrong.Once the chopsticks are down and I'm ready to do the Slump of Defeat, the dessert conveniently reminds you that you can get only one of the green tea tiramisu, mochi ice cream, or some of the other selections. Except the ice cream scoops. You can get as many scoops as your dessert stomach can handle!Service was pretty good, but could be a bit erratic.  They always came to refill our drinks, to check up on us, or to take additional orders.It saddens me that the journey to Oyshi is so far, but I'm willing to travel the distance for the value and quality that they offer.
3	Food is overall good but every roll has imitation crabmeat. I'm pretty sure this is their way of getting you full when you choose all you can eat.
2	So disappointed! Went to this place for lunch nd felt so uncomfortable. I asked to be seated at the bar bc I was alone nd pregnant, so I thought it was good to see how they handle the food beside I expected it to be fun nd fast. I did all u can eat. Waited 30min for my app: gyoza. The chefs never said hi or even looked at my direction with care or happiness. "I have been always greeted at a bar/sushi bar", it is the least they can do. One of the chef made a silly comment as soon as I arrived at the bar, after that I knew I was at the wrong place. From 4 different kind of rolls I would only came back for 1 (maniac roll) it was the only one spice with no sweet sauce or fake crabmeat. Everything else was just blah blah blah. The service was polite but slow nd confused. I never had a refill on my water. Their (management/sushi chef) seems like to kiss the good looking/well dressed ppl ass. Everyone else were mistreated including myself. This was the worse place I have ever been. I would never come back here once I won't put my best clothes just to someone treat me with respect. Besides for 1 single good roll??? Forget it. I would prefer to drive to 808 sushi that' is not fancy but better quality sushi and a way better service. . The first roll I had was the monster (every single piece of it fell apart when trying to eat it. every single roll were ugly and tasteless except for the super sweet sauce and super sweet crabmeat combination they put on everything.My experience at this place lasted around 1 1/2hour bc it would take between 25-35 min for every order. Plus 20min for the check. In the end I can say: The only good thing about this place is that you can do half order... That's all.
5	Thank you sweet tiny six pound infant baby Jesus! I have been on the hunt for a great sushi spot ever since a horrible experience at my previous spot. Oyshi did not disappoint today. the AYCE menu is extensive. The only bad thing I have to say about Oyshi is the music selection, you will need glow sticks to enjoy it.
5	This is one of our go to sushi places because it's close to our house, but also because their AYCE sushi is excellent.  The fish is very fresh and flavorful, except the oysters, which I thought were a little bland.  Lately we've had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated, so this place is definitely gaining in popularity.  The menu has changed somewhat in the past year and now they have more appetizers and dessert, which is definitely a plus!  However you can only order one of the special desserts but you can have all the ice cream you want.  The rolls are solid and the uni has been fresh every time we've visited.
3	I do love sushi and Oyshi's is good, but the AYCE service leaves something to be desired. Service is very slow, and orders come when the chef decides to prepare them, not when you ordered it.  Orders have been forgotten and errors made repeatedly. Because its all-you-can-eat maybe there's a sense that mistakes don't matter if you accept the dish, since it's all the same price.  Those complaints aside, the food is done well and isn't oversized and sloppy like some AYCE places. You can tell the chefs care about presentation. I can't think of any food of poor quality there.  My tips for this place would be to:1) come with a list2) order a variety of items at once. When they arrive, order the next batch. 3) make sure everyone at the table agrees to order in batches, otherwise everyone  will be sitting around waiting for ages until your next lonely order arrives- and that second order could take 30 minutes or more!4) save room for the tiny dessert. It comes with the AYCE.
5	I love this place. I normally get the AYCE sushi and always get my $$ worth. My favs are the Ono, Fresh scallop, Salmon and Yellowtail....heck they're all good.  Service is the bomb and i'm not sure if he's the owner or the floor manager but he's the dude in a shirt and tie, but he's a total team player. He's greeting and helping clear tables including taking orders if the waiter/waitresses are busy multi tasking. The game is always on and the atmosphere is lively and they open late. If you're craving of sushi and have a huge appetite, give them a shot.
4	The sushi here was great! Really fresh. I do have another favorite sushi spot, so I do not treat myself to Oyshi as much as I'd like too, but the few times I do get over there, I definitely enjoy the rolls as well as the appetizers that are included in AYCE. I will say, that, like many AYCE sushi places, service is not the quickest. When ordering a roll, you may not get it for a while later. But it's understandable, as the place is busy. 'Overall, the sushi is pretty delicious.
5	Dude, seriously. All you can eat everything. Anything on the menu except sashimi is fair game. If you go here and don't think it's the bomb, we can't be friends anymore.My Dad, Uncle and I came here at the recommendation of my brother-in-law. It did not disappoint. We had to wait a while to get a seat at the bar. There's also rooms around the main dining area that look like they're available to reserve. The decor is pretty Neo-Far East trendy. Between that and the music, it comes across as a pretty hip, young place. This is not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet, traditional Japanese style sushi experience.
4	A friend of mine introduced me to this place last year. His selling point was that "real Japanese people" make the food. The funny thing is that the staff and owners are 90% Korean.Does it matter either way? Masa or Jiro may not care much for it, but by AYCE standards, it's the best sushi in town (best a la carte goes to Naked Fish.) Service is okay but gets a little hectic when the restaurant is at full capacity. No big deal. As an added and bizarre surprise, the pint-sized creme brulee is the greatest I've ever had. If you can resist cramming your stomach with one more roll, be sure to end the meal with it.
4	I found this place perusing Yelp sometime back in 2010. AYCE lunch $21, dinner $26 which is comparable to similar places. Ive come here about 2-3 times a month for the past 2yrs plus. Always do AYCE. The main thing that got me as a repeat customer is their service(at least in my experiences) is considerably better than most sushi places Ive visited. I counted and cant even believe Ive tried 12 different AYCE sushi spots in Vegas to date. Im not a big fan of the traditional sushi, more into the creative and many rolls that these places sell. I like to say Im more into the 'americanized' type of sushi and have been able to convince friends who dont even eat raw fish to try it with me and most liked it. So you can take what you want from my review based on that. This place does get very busy at dinner with sometimes long waits to be seated so I try to frequent at lunch. Service can take longer at times. I typically like to sit at the bar when I sushi. I have experienced faster service that way usually, so now I lean towards sitting at the bar. The ambiance, decor and music targets the more younger demographic.Some items I favor are the seared salmon nigiri, cajun albacore nigiri, tiger roll, double screaming orgasm, heart attack, ian special, chung hua, kamikaze & surf n turf roll. At every AYCE I go for green tea ice cream and hamachi kama(not on AYCE here) if its available. They do also have brulees, mochi ice cream and parfaits for dessert. All desserts are limited to 1 per cept for ice cream. Dinner AYCE limits are 1 uni, 1 ama ebi and 2 raw oysters which is similar to most AYCEs. Theres a list of appetizers which I will order from ocassionally but I concentrate more on the sushi and green tea ice cream. :)Is it the freshest and highest quality seafood? No. Its decent. It does say theres a time limit of, 90min I believe? Dont remember exactly atm since its never come into play. Ive never been rushed even tho I know I have passed the time limit before, or things like being reminded repeatedly on leftover charges. I realize this may not be everybodys cup of tea but for food and service Ive gotten here, I think you definitely get your moneys worth.
2	I've been here three times now because of how close it is to the house. Food is definitely decent here but the service is so slow that Oyshi is almost painful for me to dine at. One time it took almost 15 minutes for me just to get the check and it wasn't even that busy. Service is important to me, but if you have 2 hours to kill on a 1 hour dinner, by all means.
2	Came for lunch on a Saturday- they open AT 11:30, not one second before- we were shoo'ed back when we tried to have a seat at the bar 3 minutes beforehand. AYCE, but sitting at the sushi bar we were not allowed to order from the sushi chef, the waitress would take the order, then reach in front of us and hand the slip to the chef.  Sushi was okay, but I won't be back.  The waitress was condescending in attitude, not sure what they were going for-
1	Service was good. Clean inside. Went in for AYCE sushi it was very disappointing. The rice tasted at least two days old. The fish itself was somewhat ok. Complete waste of my time and money. Will never return...
4	I'm a fan and a regular but sometimes the service is hit or miss. Sitting at the bar is fine, but a couple of times finding your waiter\waitress when you're sitting at a table is ridiculous.With that said, AYCE sushi is not as amazing as "regular" sushi places (i.e. Sushi Fever, I love Sushi, Sushi Loca, etc) but Oyshi is always consistent when it comes to quality and quantity. Definitely worth a trip if you're looking for good AYCE sushi.
5	This place is so yummy!My friends and I came here one day for lunch while on a trip to Vegas for our friend's birthday.  We heard from our party planner about this place that has all you can eat sushi and we were there.There were 9 of us and the service was quick and friendly, and we definitely stayed a few hours to milk the all you can eat deal for what it was worth! Sooooo good! Definitely go! Tons and tons of choices on the menu as well!
4	Love going here,  sushi is the best of all the AYCE places.  Really like how they will spice it up and add extra hot sauces when I request it.  The spicy stuff at most of the other sushi places isn't hot enough to do the trick.
5	It's all good, really....Me and my lady went on a Friday and had to wait 20-30mins but it was worth the wait. Got the all-you-can-eat YES!!! and everything I ordered was good.  Great place for a date...Cool music too.
1	Setting: 11:30 on a Saturday night. SW Vegas. Rumbly tummies. Not too busy sushi spot.On a budget so I opt for a teriyaki beef bowl instead of sushi.On the go so I grab the menu and let them know it will be take out.After approximately 1 minute and 42 seconds of looking of the menu I am ready to order. I am very decisive, a trait I value in myself. I look around for the waiter who, just a minute prior, had served my friend and me some water. 5 minutes go by.Then 10.15.Hello?My friend goes in search of a waiter. He says he'll be over in a moment.Okay. He finally comes over and takes my order.It's seriously another 15 or 20 minutes for some beef teryaki to be done AND it wasn't even that good. The meat was tough and not very flavorful. I dunno if it was on purpose or not, but whoever brought us our food didn't bring the check with it. Perhaps it was a mistake on their part or perhaps they brought it over as a silent apology for the terrible service. We just walked out before they could say anything. Does that make me a terrible person? It was 45 minutes for a to go order! I wish i was decisive about leaving and going somewhere else. I know I will never decide to go there again.
4	I came here with some co-workers after a recommendation from a friend. The chefs are so funny and the atmosphere is really friendly. I tried the Red Dragon roll and the Caterpillar roll- so delicious. The best part: their dipping sauce. I have no idea what their sauce is made out of because it's sweet and it has sesame seeds in it. Although their AYCE was a little pricey, it's worth it. Savor every bite when you go!
2	Oyshi was one of my favorite sushi restaurants until my most recent visit. When my family, and I arrived we waited six minutes to me seated there was no host so a waiter finally came to us and asked how many where in are group. It took the waiter over ten minutes to take are order. My wife and I order all you can eat sushi, we told the waiter which rolls we wanted to eat first that order took twenty minutes to arrive at my table. When we finished that order we had to ask a bus person to hunt down are waiters to place another order of sushi. We ended up spending over two hours eating sushi not because we ate so much but because it took for ever to place orders and to receive it. The sushi is not all good as I remember it being in the past I will not be going back.
2	Not impressed.  Fish for their sushi was not fresh.  Not sure what the hype is all about.   Sat at the bar to have AYCE.  Felt rushed by the sushi chef.  Asked for recommendations and before you know it, we were getting heaps of food.   None of which was ordered.  There was nothing spectacular about their dishes.   Our servers were deasant.
5	I think that Oyshi is one of the best AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  It is a bit of a far drive from the strip and from where I live, but it's worth it.  The AYCE prices are $21 for lunch and $26 for dinner.  The AYCE not only includes various sushi rolls, but also includes various items such as steaks, mussels, sweet shrimp, some nagiri choices, and dessert. My Top Picks for AYCE:-Ahi Poke-Kamikaze Roll-Tiger Roll-Rainbow Roll-Rib Eye Steak (comes out sizzling on a hot plate about 6-8 oz)-Mussels (2 comes in every order)-Vanilla Berry Parfait Oyshi also has a normal non-sushi menu such as teriyaki chicken, egg rolls, and a beef bowl, if you ever have any non-sushi diners in your group.  The service there is decent, some servers are friendly some are not.  I've never had a problem with trying to get a table here.  My only qualms with Oyshi is that they tend to play rave/techno music there that does not match the ambiance.  And they also automatically add gratuity or parties of 6 or more, when it is usually customary to add gratuity for parties of 8-9 or more.
3	Went halves with a friend. Rib eye steak teriyaki was alright, but the gyudon was really good. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.
4	It's true...I have fallen hard for yet another sushi place. AYCE, super unique rolls and here's the kicker...a very cool vibe! If you've ever been eating sushi and thought to yourself, this would be so much better with some Tiesto playing, this is your spot!First off, don't be discouraged by the wait. They're busy and you should be happy for them. It's usually no more than 15 minutes and you can occupy yourself by practicing new dance moves. We always sit at the sushi bar and the service is friendly and fast. I once saw no less than 6 sushi chefs hustling in that narrow space so you'll be well taken care of. On to the tasty stuff. What I like most about this joint is if you like deep fried, baked, raw, hot, mild, funky they've got you covered. I hate places that are all cooked or all raw, you've gotta people please!  From the freshness of the fish, to the sauces they're paired with it's all a win. Their all you can eat knows almost no bounds so if you're not busting at the end you've done something wrong. To top it all off the strawberry ice cream they serve is surprisingly top notch, little strawberry swirl through it and everything. They also have 2 private rooms for large parties and I know this because I spied on them when I was there like a creeper. Try this place out next time you're in the southwest. We were happy to find it on our side of town and not have to venture to Sushi Blvd aka Eastern.
4	My husband and I ate here for lunch and got their all you can eat option. There is a nice variety of sushi rolls, and various appetizers and side dish options to choose from. The atmosphere is upscale and pleasant. Our server was nice and brought our food out quickly. Everything we ordered was delicious. Would definitely recommend this restaurant for all you can eat sushi.
3	I almost wrote this place off for the unusual amount of time I spent waiting to be seated but patience paid off.  I ordered the AYCE (All You Can Eat) lunch & had an egg roll, a spicy tuna crunch roll & a rainbow roll.  I informed my server of my food sensitivities & she assured me that I can make omissions :-) (some sushi places are funny about that)  My eggroll was ok, nothing special, but I have to say that both my sushi rolls were very tasty & fresh.  Although not totally family friendly, its a relaxed enough atmosphere that you could totally bring the kiddos.  The bathroom although small was neat & clean.  My one note is in regards to service.  The staff wasn't especially friendly nor were they cold.  A smile here or there definitely would earn another star.  That being said, a must for sushi lovers especially with the wide variety of choices on the AYCE menu.  I would definitely eat here again.
3	Lets start off that oyshi sushi is one of those places in Vegas that has really good sushi and appetizers. There is alot of things to choose from and all of there sushi taste hella bomb.com lol. Due to the fact it taste pretty fresh and its tasty. And I love the fact this place is All you can eat for the price. The only downside is the deserts isn't all you can eat. But it's all good after eating a gripload of sushi, all you need is a order of one of there deserts, which they are also bomb diggity lol. I also like the fact that this place is very nice and cleanNow here's is why I did not give this place all 5 stars.  The reason is there service. It's a hit or miss with this place. Unfortunately there is like one or two servers who are freaking awesome as hell with there customer service and always brings food out really quick. I can't really say for the other staff members. It seems most of them got a attitude problem or something when you order and are hella slow. It which is kinda sad. Hope they start changing soon cause its kinda hard to go back when you have a couple of bad experiences with a place.
4	I've been going to this sushi restaurant for a little over 4years. I remember this place because it was where I had my first date on Valentines Day. My opinions on this restaurant has been consistent within these several years. I love this place. I eat here few times a month because I can't get enough of the food! Some reviewers may complain about the service, with a few exceptions, their service to us has been amazing. The thing I admire most about this restaurant is that the service isn't limited to just the servers, but the owner is running around serving people as well. I've been going here for so long, the owner recognizes us each time! Food: I am obsessed with their Ian's Special Roll. It has multiple layers of flavor goodness! Things to Try: Snow Mountain roll, Salmon Lover, Tiger Roll, Surf and Turf (appetizer), Ahi poke, Baked Mussels, Grilled Asparagus and Shrimp, and all the sushi fish you desire. Their Vanilla Parfait for dessert is pretty amazing too. I usually look forward to the Uni and the Oysters, but the reason why it's 4 stars and not 5 is because there have been times where it is not available. And it really puts a damper on my entire meal. Who doesn't want to get their money's worth! Overall, great experience! When anyone comes into town, this is the first place I take them, and they all love it as much as I do! It's pretty amazing! I've tried so many sushi restaurants here and out of state, and none compares to the sushi place here in Vegas!
5	My favorite sushi in Vegas! Here with Sidney Eileen
4	I'm so lucky to have such an amazing sushi place so close to home. They have an all you can eat that is very reasonable and I always over do it. I just can't help myself, the food is so good!! Nice casual atmosphere.
5	First time going here and thought it was very good, sushi was fresh and the service was excellent if I'm ever on this side of town again I will definitely go back. Also there spicy mayo is really good!
4	I have always been a fan of Oyshi Sushi as it took my sushi virginity! I wish the prices dropped to be more comparable to other sushi spots in the area but all one can do is hope. AYCE is the safest bet for a dinner out with a table for two or more. You ensure no one will need to wash dishes in the back if they get carried away with indulging. We all have those dinner friends who have the mindset of caviar budgets but the reality of dollar-value-menu wallets. Service is usually a hit or miss. I've gotten service that has made me not want to leave. On the other hand I've experienced servers at this establishment that made me want to request take-out. (which they do offer). The draw back for this place is they don't do half orders like other spots. It's also nowhere near the strip. Which is a catch-22. The wait can be timely depending on the day of the week. If it were closer to the strip it would be an endless wait.Mussels, Love Affair, Lobster Fair, Oyshi Roll, and the Japanese Lasagna are my favorites!
4	Positives: very fresh tasting, great selection of rolls, cool atmosphere & decorNegatives: the sushi chef doesn't take your order so you have to wait on the server, it was very busy and loud and the AYCE is pretty priceyOverall, we really liked it and we will be back! Great option close to our house.
2	I've been to Oyshi on several occasions. The restaurant has been really hit or miss. The first time I went with my fiance and we sat near the window, close to the sushi bar. The quality was good and the service was prompt and friendly.The second time we went we were put in the far corner, probably as far away from the sushi bar as you can get. The quality was still there but the service was terrible. We felt forgotten being so far away and it took a long time to get our first order. When doing AYCE we usually do a first round then inevitably get a second round. With the amount of time it took for the first, we didn't even want to wait for a second round. We left full from the tasty sushi, but disappointed with the service. This last time we went was for the AYCE lunch. We sat close to the sushi bar, but it didn't matter. We ordered Miso and Edamame to start. The miso was brought very quickly, but we waited easily 30 minutes for our edamame. The waitress came back during our waiting to take our order for sushi. We placed our order and also asked about or edamame. She clearly forgot judging by her reaction.The sushi came before our edamame and the quality was poor. The albacore was mangled on the rice and didn't taste fresh. Same with the Salmon. The worst part about the last experience is that during our time waiting for edamame and sushi, we saw our waitress through the curtain in the kitchen eating food. Restaurant no-no 101. I don't plan on returning. It's disappointing because I like the atmosphere, their selection on their menu (AYCE even includes oysters on the half-shell and Uni!)On to better places.
2	So the place is beautiful, the sushi is nice and all, but... My husband's rolls arrives after 40-50 LONG MINUTES! And he went for the "all you can eat" menu... What's that all about?!
2	After reading all the great reviews, I came here with high expectations. We got the "all you can eat" sushi. It took us about 30 minutes to receive each order. The waiter didn't bother to check on us unless he had food to deliver. And the Sushi was warm. I've had way better sushi at other places then what we we're served at Oyshi. And the oysters we're only 2 per customer. So don't expect all you can eat oysters. We stayed about an hour and 45 minutes at Oyshi. Half of the time we just sat there looking around for our waiter to come by and refill our drinks. The best thing on the menu we're the baked mussels.
4	Awesome! Great all you can eat price. Tons of fresh fish with as fast as they are going through it.  Amazing selection of rolls. I had to take a picture of the menu to give to my sushi chef back home so he can recreate them.  The Japanese Lasagna with Garlic if fantastic! Definitely come back here on my next trip through Vegas!
3	It's not my absolute favorite sushi or AYCE sushi restaurant, but it's good and the location is wonderful. If there's an AYCE option at a sushi restaurant, I always order it because the price equals 2-3 specialty rolls. It just doesn't make sense any other way. Besides specialty rolls, I like hand rolls (tuna, salmon, yellowtail) and certain appetizers depending on my mood. I wasn't impressed with their hand rolls and although their specialty rolls are good, they're not amazing either (I've had better counterparts at other AYCE restaurants). I really like their DOUBLE SCREAMING ROLL (without cream cheese) because the special sauce makes it unique. Their desserts are really good too. I like that they offer a PARFAIT that features ice cream, fresh assorted berries, and granola. Very good. On my most recent trip, I found out I could get Green Tea ice cream rather than Vanilla and it was even more amazing. The service is good and the food is usually quick. The only thing I really hate is the restaurant's lack of appropriate venting, so you end up leaving the place smelling like the inside of a fryer.
5	Love this place! Service is a little slow sometimes but I think it's worth it!
5	This was my second visit to Oyshi, my first to the main dining room.  It was fairly busy, but we had a reservation and were seated immediately.  Our server was friendly and extremely prompt without being pushy at all!  She never let our drinks get completely empty and always made sure our plates were full!  My friend and I shared the Spicy Tuna Crunch and I devoured the Japanese Lasagna and the lobster/crab roll alone as he isn't a big fan of any warm sushi.  We also shared some Gyoza and the popcorn scallops (my favorite appetizer!) As always, everything was fresh and extremely tasty.  I can't wait for my next visit!!
5	I was back in Vegas for a trade show. We didn't want to wait an hour for Texas De Brazil, so my boss and a guest asked me about "that sushi place you rave about" off we went to Oyshi! My boss AND our guest are sushi snobs and all the way there they voiced their concerns. As soon as the appetizers were done and our first rolls served, they were hooked and raved about the great rolls and how they will be back themselves! Thank You Oyshi Sushi for making me a hero!
2	Now I don't know how many check-in's I have on Yelp, but I've been here a fair amount of times to know what is good and what is bad about this place. This was the first AYCE sushi place I've been to here in the valley and it's not in my top 3 places. To sum it up, Oyshi is so hit or miss that it's almost a risk to come here. Yes, you'll come here see that there's a long wait and expect it to be great but the last few times I've been here and given chance after chance, I've left disappointed. First of all, I used to work in a restaurant. Server's know when it's busy, trust me, and as a customer I expect you to acknowledge that. The times that I've waited for a decent amount of time, I've never been apologized to about the wait or been given an explanation when the rolls I've ordered don't come out when it seems like people who just sat down are getting there's before me. I'm not that selfish, but I just feel like the service here is poorly conducted. I've felt that it takes a group of us to look around constantly before someone comes and asks if we need anything. The rolls are always very good, but the amount of time that it takes most times I'm there is not average to the sushi places I've been to. I will admit I do love their Salmon Nigiri and the Love Affair roll but a lot of the other rolls often feel like there is just too much going on. I don't like to complain, but the service isn't up to my standards and my standards aren't extremely high. I just expect my water to be refilled within a decent time and asked if I'd like to order more without having to ask to order more. I am very forgiving and I will come here, I just don't have the expectations that I once did. The sushi is usually very fresh and the options aside from the sushi are great. I always order the calamari and the surf-n-turf appetizers when I come here. I would recommend this place to a friend, I think I would just advise them to be go-getters with their servers and make it known when they want something. All in all, if someone said they were coming here tomorrow, I'd probably join them. Cheers!
5	One of my favorite sushi places. They have a wide variety and love the surf and turf. Atmosphere is awesome. Love, love, love it!!!!
4	I love this sushi place. It has one if the biggest all you can eat menu I've ever seen. The service was a little slow at first but I'm a pretty easy going person. These rolls were amazing Love affair, Cater cheese, Full moon,Spider,& Rock and roll.
4	we've been back here a few times since, and it gets better every time. the dressing on the house salad is amazing and the music is really good. Definitely becoming a staple.
4	All you can eat menu is awesome! The fish is always fresh, and the environment is relaxing. Usually a wait after 6 pm, but the staff is very friendly. The wait time on fish can be quite a while at times but when it's busy I understand . My favorite is the Japanese lasagna roll! Will be returning!
4	I went here for all you can eat sushi for dinner. It was really good. I got the lava roll and another spicy roll that I cannot remember the name of. Since I love spicy I loved both rolls! I went with my friend and he ordered a couple rolls which I tried and they were good too. I don't remember which ones because he ordered it. I also tried sriracha sauce which was reallyyy good as well. It was $35 for all you can eat which isn't too bad. I would love to come back and try more rolls. For dessert I got mango mochi-yum yum! I liked the location because it was right around the corner from my house-its always nice to have a sushi place nearby for when you have cravings. :)
4	Oyshi is the closest AYCE sushi to my house, so I've been here quite a lot. Not my favorite place, but it's a solid option. The decor is very modern and trendy. They also play EDM music and have sports showing on the flat screens near the bar. All postitives in my eyes. I always sit at the bar, so the service is good. Normally I can just order directly from the sushi chef without waiting for a waiter. That really speeds up the ordering process. I can't speak to the service when seated anywhere else in the restaurant.One disappointing thing about Oyshi is that it doesn't offer seafood salad on the AYCE menu. That automatically prevents it from a five star review in my eyes. On the bright side, the amount of fish on the nigiri sushi is ample. Very high fish to rice ratio. I also like the variety of desserts offered. You're not limited to the usual mochi or ice cream. Oyshi also offers creme brulee and a berry parfait. The berry parfait is my usual and it's a must have.
5	I have been to this restaurant twice already and both times were excellent.  Both times we went were during dinner time and we all did the AYCE menu.  I'm not sure what the a la carte prices were if you didn't do the AYCE, so I'm not sure if we all ate our share of AYCE since we would order one roll each and then share it.  You can only share with the table if the rest of the table is also doing AYCE, so it all worked out.  There are a few things on the menu that is limited to one order per person--oysters and sea urchin--but if you are the only one who would like to order it, then you can order as many as the number of people that are also getting AYCE.  I love how they offer sushi without rice that is not sashimi.  Sashimi is not included in the AYCE menu and if you get the ngiri and don't eat the rice you may be charged extra for not eating everything that you order.  Overall, this place is excellent for the sushi lover.  You can order as much appetizers as you would like as well.  I suggest wearing loose clothing since your stomach will be super full after!
3	When eating AYCE here, stuff your faces with everything from the appetizers, nigiri to the dessert... everything was good.  Especially the dessert.  The maki rolls are packed with a lot of rice and are portioned so large, they do not fit the mouth, and they will fill you up after 1 order.  We would go back if the service was a little warmer.  I was "reprimanded" by the host for letting my toddler walk around the dining area.  Says he's getting in the way.  Seriously?  I'm already not fully enjoying my meal coz my kid is acting up.  You're supposed to make me feel better, not worse.  I curse you host with tantrum toddlers, many of them!  Hehe.
3	Have had mixed experiences with service. Sushi is good but really only rolls with rice , no quality rolls without rice or other healthy options. The rolls we had were good, the spicy tuna is good no matter which roll choose
5	Been going to this place since it first opened.  David always takes care of us.  This place is always fresh & has high quality AYCE sushi, that rivals non-AYCE places!  Huge assortment and great appetizers too!  Awesome & friendly staff.  It can get super busy, so we usually just slip in and take a seat at the bar rather than waiting for a table.
2	We had a table of around 20 people, so the table was split between two waiters. We all got the AYCE dinner. Our waitress really sucked. It took an hour or so for our rolls and sashimi to come out. We've complained numerous times to her and she kept saying, "It's coming. The sushi chefs are working on it." The other half of the table with the other waiter had all of their rolls and sashimi out already.... we all ordered the same stuff! They were already on round 3 and we were still on round 1!!! Wth. The Uni was not good... looked old and dark. Fresh uni is supposed to be light yellow/orange color but this was DARK orange/brown. It tasted as if it had been refrigerated for a long time. Overall bad service and the food was not good. The only good thing was the creme brulee and ice cream.
4	Great AYCE sushi :) Pros: Fresh, good portions, large selection. Good dessert.  Cons: How far in on Rainbow it's located. Can be long waits-make RESERVATION! Lobster fair was not that great.  Fish without rice not option under AYCE.
4	Great food, great service :)
4	This place has easily become my favorite AYCE sushi joint after Luisa P. invited me to come for her brother's birthday dinner here. I had a bad experience here in 2011 so this was their second chance. Boy have they been delivering! We had one of the VIP rooms all to ourselves for his birthday because we were part of such a huge party. They did a great job of accommodating our big group and even brought in more tables as well as chairs so that we could all be included.Be prepared to wait! If you plan on bringing a large group, have someone.. or a few someones come early so that you can put your name on the list. Just make sure the majority of your party is there to be seated. I want to say that all 3x I have came (during dinner time), the wait has been about 20 mins - 35 mins.I love doing AYCE because as long as you eat about 3 rolls, you're getting your money's worth. Plus, it is fun to share delicious food! Make sure you're only sharing with those in your group that are getting AYCE or else they will get charged the AYCE price as well. They have an extensive rules/information outline on their menu.I think that the service here is really great for them being busy ALL of the time. They were always coming back to check up on us and asked if we wanted to put in more orders. Our tables were never cluttered because different people would swing by and grab our empty plates, plus everyone was more than helpful when we needed anything.My go-to rolls: MONSTER ROLL: ORDER IT, JUST ORDER IT! Pink Lady Roll. Spider Roll. Dragon Roll. Japanese Lasagna Roll. I need to try even more of their specialty rolls, I am guilt of sticking to my favorites! For appetizers, order the baked green mussels, they're amazing here. Only a few sushi joints can get it right, trust me.If you know me, then you know that I LOVE white tuna nigiri/sushi. The first time I had it here, it was amazing. The second time was decent. Haha, hopefully it just keeps getting better because I order a lot of those wherever I go for sushi. For dessert, order the Green Tea Tiramisu with vanilla ice cream on the side. Your mouth will thank me, lol.I will definitely be back!
4	Great, fresh sushi at reasonable prices. All you can eat dinner for $26, plus free dessert to complete the meal. Only downsides to the AYCE is that 1) it doesn't include sashimi, and 2) if you don't finish everything you pay the $26 plus a charge for any remaining rolls. However, if you have one or two you that just can't handle they'll usually cut you slack. Service is decent and friendly. Overall a great hidden gem everyone should try.
3	We arrived before the crowd and had a wonderful experience.  As we were leaving, the place was filling up and service was starting to slow down so i would suggest that the ideal time for eating at Oyshi is not during the rush.The sushi was good, the price was good and at the time we went, service was very good!Update:We've returned several more times and the food is consistently good but the service has been hit or miss...more miss than hit.  Downgraded to 3 out of 5 for this reason.
5	Love coming here. It's mine and my boyfriend's favorite all you can eat sushi spot!
4	The sushi was good and for the all u can eat price and what they include its definetly worth it.  We sat at the sushi bar and interacted with the guys rolling our sushi and had a great experience. We got there before the dinner rush and would definetly recommend getting there before the rush because they fill up quick.  I will definetly be back.
5	Always one of my favorite places to eat.  Service is great, food is awesome, and after going there for the past year the chefs know already what I want.  Always recommend this place to family and friends.
5	This place has some specialty rolls that are way more unique than most sushi joints. Other places would get repetitive and would lack originality to they're recipe kinda makes me feel like a similar franchise concept such as McDonald's. definitely not this place though. You can go to this place and pretty much order anything and it will be good.
4	Oyshi Sushi never lets us down as they are always consistent in quality and service from start to finish. We like to visit during the week at non meal times so that we can sit at the bar and get great service without the lunch or dinner rush. Their sushi rolls, appetizers and desserts are really good and we never get tired of them.We do not have sushi very often however when we do we come here to fill up AYCE style to satisfy our sushi craving.The Atomic bomb and Oyshi roll are our favorites along with the dynamite appetizer which is a roll in a bowl! I also love the Lobster Fair roll which has chunks of yummy lobster! The Love affair is another tasty roll that just melts in your mouth with flavor! In completing this review update I am truly craving Oyshi Sushi so we may have to make another visit sooner than later!It is dark and cozy inside and you are never rushed and they really keep up with your request in a timely manner so we are never really sitting without something to nibble on. The servers are always right on it for your drink refills as well so that you never have an empty glass which is a real pet peeve of mine.We have been several times and will be back again many more so I thought an update was necessary!
5	I love Oyshi Sushi! Some All You Can Eat sushi places have a separate menu for what you can and cannot order- not here. you can order right off the menu (with the exception of sashimi, that is not included). They have a large variety of rolls and sushi. I have tried many of them and they are all delish! There is usually a wait, but its never outrageous and the staff is always super friendly whenever I go.
4	Oyshi Sushi place that I pass by few times and believe might have gone long time ago. Unfortunately nothing really stood out for me or remember wow factor so took longer time too come back. Nowadays in Vegas AYCE sushi is so competitive and dime dozen that it really hard too stand out unless really good. My opinion the sushi is good but not great or definitely no Wow factor for me. The menu has a nice diversity too it between the appetizers (oyster on the half shell by far my favorite), nigiri, and speciality rolls (i had some kind of spicy tuna roll; sorry forget the name but was really good)  too choose from sure find something like. Whenever I go AYCE more all about the nigiri style because feel that the true barometer of quality of the fish. I felt like compare too other places especially my top spot sushi house goyemon not in the same class. The irony was originally went too sushi hour goyemon but the wait was ridiculous. Me and Roy was hunger so decided too check out something new. Thankfully on this night Oyshi Sushi not packed went right in and sat down went sushi crazy!! The restaurant is lot more open then most AYCE so usually not lot of waiting too sit down. They do have private rooms for big parties. Not sure if charge extra but nice option too know if party of eight or more. The sushi bar is decent size with two too three sushi chefs going at time. Most part even on say that night half packed we were getting our sushi in timely manner. The server was great keep up on everything and even nice enough towards the end we ordered one too many speciality rolls (thanks Roy) she like no worries no forcing not going too charge us for waste! Think that was really cool! I like that the restaurant is open because you can have conversations without screaming with other person sitting next or across from you. Oyshi Sushi is place that come back too again but with so many other ones and not that high on my list. Not sure when next time will be but if in the area and out of options good choice.
4	We love this place. We have gone to some other "must go" AYCE sushi and wondered why we ever strayed. The fish is extremely fresh...especially for being in a desert.The atmosphere is great. We recently had family from out of town and brought them here. They loved it. You will never feel rushed or timed here,  which is a huge plus in my book. The only reason I don't give it five stars is that sometimes the service can get a little slow. But if you love sushi, then this is the spot.
4	Sushi is fresh! Good spot I love the Full Moon
2	How this place ever got a vote for best sushi place in Las Vegas is beyond stupid. I know going there on father's day might have been a bad idea for AYCE. So 6 of us went in at 2pm. It was pretty full but people were starting to leave.  Yes we were seated immediately ( Which explains 1 star) and our first order of rolls and appetizers came out quick enough ( 1 more star) but they didn't even bring out ALL the first orders. I ordered a pink lady and it didn't even come out until 40 minutes  and it was my 1/2 of my FIRST ROLL. Then when it came out it looked like a 6 yr. old just grabbed mayonnaise and some seafood and loosely rolled it in soy paper. It was so big it fell apart. They might as well have just jammed the thing in a rice bowl and given me a spoon.It also tasted like the seafood part was sitting out.    At least the waitress that helped us was apologetic. I'm not returning here ever and if I was invited to come here I would just decline. I still rather go to Sushi Bay off warm springs for their faster service and better variety of sushi.
4	Oyshi, always a pleasure to eat at your establishment. Great service and awesome sushi.
5	Awesome food
4	Oyshi definitely has one of the most expansive AYCE selections in Vegas. Lots of appetizers are also included, my favorite being the Surf and Turf. The fish is always very fresh, and their special rolls are inventive and delicious! There are a few reviews that specifically mention the Monster Roll. I like it, but I find it very difficult to eat due to the size. My favorites are the Sunrise Roll and the Hawaiian Roll. I would avoid coming here during the lunch or dinner rush unless you're sitting at the counter, though...service tends to get really, really slow when they're busy and sometimes items from my order are forgotten. They do get very busy, so just keep that in mind. Oyshi is by far the best sushi restaurant on the southwest side, and despite some slow table service during their busiest hours and some sloppy sushi-making when they are extremely busy during weekend dinners, I will definitely continue to frequent it when I'm in the mood for sushi.Oh, and make sure to save room for dessert: the Green Tea Tiramisu is amazing!
4	One of My favor restaurant
3	Eh... that's how I feel about this place.I will defo give this place a 4.5 star on the decor, the styling of their menu and placemats. BUT a 2 star on their food. When I get sushi, I rarely get anything baked. Which makes sense if you're doing AYCE. You don't want to get filled up quick. I had the AYCE but I was craving for nigiris. Got my usual salmon, tuna, albacore, yellow tail and cajun albacore. OMG, I tried picking up the nigiri, and rice literally just fell out. and the fish was too thick and kinda rubbery. Yuck.Service was alright, the waiter checked on us couple times like how they should. I was told that their service was the worst, but in this case, it's the fish. I would come back, actually I wouldn't. Wait, I would if I got appetizers only not nigiris.
2	I went there tonight for a take out and it took them an hour to finish my order, plus it took another 15 minutes to be bagged.  I saw my order on the counter ready for bagging, but nobody was minding it.  If I did not asked about my order, it will be just sitting there.  They also forgot to put dressing on my sashimi salad.   Hence, the 2 stars.
5	Food is awesome here, always long waits to get in. My favorite sushi place in Vegas
2	the service egain one sushi chef for the whoole restaurant, extra slow service,in other words bad service, we never went back, n not to organise, the sushi guy dress in adidas shirt n terrible hat, not drss properly to his job, thanks
1	FLY IN SOY What is the first thing you do before the sushi gets to your table? You pour soy on that little plate, but the last thing you expect is a dead fly to come out of there! Now the fly is not the big problem, the problem was the waitress, instead of apologizing for the mishap she immediately started making excuses of how the fly's get into the restaurant ... I had to interrupt her by telling her to just change the set up. When the bill came, no attempt to apologize for that nasty surprise was made nether verbally or physically on the bill. Their food is decent but not great, I will never go there again nor tell others to go... too bad because its in my neighborhood .
5	The all-you-can-eat is to die for!!! Be prepared to spend $40 for drinks and all you can eat but it's totally worth it. They have a wonderful selection ranging from mild to WAY spicy. It's definitely worth your time, I'm going back soon!
3	First time visit Made a reservation Did not wait at all Food Sushi :  3 Star Too much RiceRoll: Ok Appetiser : 3 Star  ( Surf And Turf, Fresh Oyster )Table was sticky Staff : ok Overrall 3 star
4	Had a Great time here and had nice service, we got a  private room for our friends Birthday and the service was really friendly and quick ... And I know my group could be a lot to handle at times too ... They did make the stipulation that we could have the private room for 15 ppl if MOst of the group did all u can eat !!
2	We had an 8:30 reservation. We were seated about 9. Our waiter was ridiculously rude. My husband isn't a sushi person and this annoyed the waiter to no end. Service was very slow. Sushi was just OK. I wouldn't eat here again free. We went with two young men. They could have eaten more but the service was so slow we gave up and left. Also, the music is way too loud for the inadequate sound system they have.
2	We've come here a couple times, and the experience has been fine. As I dined here tonight, not only was the service horrible but all the dishes came out cold. It's a Thursday night and I've never had such slow service. Our group ordered maybe 5 rolls total but only 3 came out. As we asked our waiter where they were, he said that the chef didn't get them all in. (Who's fault is that really?) I'm not sure if I'll dine here again after tonight. He won't be getting a good surprise at the end of tonight.
5	I have eaten AYCE at Oyshi literally about 30 times. 29 out of 30 of those times the food and service was impeccable (the only minor issue  I had once was a new waiter that mixed up a few of my rolls). The waiter/waitress are fast and attentive, the place does no smell super fishy when you walk in (because the fish is fresh), the actual sushi tastes a notch above most in Vegas,it is super affordable, and they are open late. Everybody I know that has gone there loved it. Oyshi is a must try. It is across town from me now, but it is worth the drive.
3	The only thing I hate each time my family and I come to this restaurant is the long wait you have to endure. Do not come here if you really hungry because you will not be seated right away!. The minimum wait each time is around 40 minutes....so disappointing;( Nevertheless, the "AYCE" sushi is good.
3	If you check out any of my other sushi spot reviews, most of them will say what I'm about to say now: this is cookie-cutter AYCE sushi. There is nothing special or remarkable about the food served here. If you've been to AYCE anywhere in Vegas, this will meet your expectations.Rolls are of fine quality. Fish is fish. Rice is rice. It's just exactly what you'd expect. The place is usually packed so if you're going for dinner just be ready for a wait. One idea would be to do what we did - get it to go if you're not doing AYCE and want to get a quick sushi fix. The place itself is, again, like other sushi spots in that it is modern with a mix of "Asian" design. I have nothing more to say.Oh, they apparently have creme brulee. How do I know? Because they talk about having it like it's the best thing they could ever offer. "DID YOU KNOW WE HAVE CREME BRULEE? LAST THING YOU'D EXPECT FROM A SUSHI SPOT, HUH!" No, really, it says something like that on the wall when you come in.
4	CULTURE. FOOD. ATMOSPHERE. The sushi fad has been rising in Vegas and Oyshi has taken it even further. When I go into a sushi restaurant I look at 3 things:1. How the restaurant looks.2. Selection of sushi3. How the restaurant makes me feel.Right off the bat, you're welcomed with high end decor that depicts Japanese culture. Oyshi is nothing short of class. I'm a very limited sushi order. Ironically, I'm allergic to fish (I know, right?). However, I am able to eat shell fish, and that is good enough for me to fall in love with this new craze. They have fresh selections and a whole section of shell fish sushi. And what I love the most about Oyshi sushi, is that it's not some hole in the wall, dirty little restaurant. It's classy, sophisticated, and it's a spot you can bring your valued company. I actually refuse to bring dates here because I don't want them to tarnish this place for me. Highly recommended. They'll remember your name because they remember mine. But it doesn't help that I'm there every week.
3	Ask for Haruka every time you go! Great waitress!! Most of the girl waitresses are rude so I always try to avoid them, but Haruka is a sweetheart and always takes great care of me. There is also a great Hispanic gentleman that works there that takes great care of me too when I go.The sushi quality is great. I love the salmon lover, atomic bomb and their simple Philly roll. Mussels are great and they steam their edamame so it's VERY good
4	Mmmm yummy Oyshi sushi oh how we adore our monthly AYCE visits! My sweet cheeks and I really enjoy coming here as part as our dining out rotation as it is always a real treat.We always sit at the bar in the back corner as it is cozy and has a great view of the flat screen TV on the wall that always has the latest sports game playing. We have our favorite rolls and this time we enjoyed a new appetizer that was really good. The popcorn scallops was a yummy appetizer we tried which came with a honey mustard and a spicy ranch dipping sauce. What we really like about Oyshi is the consistency in service and food quality. We have never really been disappointed with a visit, it is an easy and happy relationship we have with Oyshi.I really enjoy the flavors of the Oyshi roll and the Lobster Affair which both melt in my mouth. My lover boy likes the spicy rolls such as the nuclear bomb and the atomic roll. He loves anything that is spicy and that has jalapeno in it  When I want a satisfying mouth orgasm this is where I go to get it over and over and over again.I like mouth orgasms caused by Amazing flavors exploding in my mouth!
5	All you can eat style dining but what makes this place nice is the decor and friendly staff. Worth the wait for a table at 6:30 pm Sunday September 1st, 2013. $26 AYCE.
3	AYCE Reasonably priced - stylish ambience and decent service... Huge selection of rolls and side menus so if you like non traditional Japanese sushi/food, by all means, go and stuff your face! I went there for traditional nigiri, so it was disappointing because of the selection and quality. I know they would charge me for not eating what I ordered, so I literally had to shove the last piece of mackerel: it smelled so fishy, I almost puked.
1	We use to come here all the time, but I will never go back. The place use to be a packed house, and now there's no wait on a Friday night and I can see why. The waiters are snobbish and rude and the manager has no backbone to stand up to them. On top of that, they super pack the rolls and sushi with rice and if you can't eat it all, they'll charge you for it. Our waiter was a fat dick (not the good kind, fat and an a$$hole) from the start of the night. He barely acknowledged us the whole night. Anytime we signaled him to order, he looked annoyed and wouldn't come over until ten minutes later. Again with the rice, the douche bag wanted to charge us $14 for not eating all the rice. WTF man, all the rice we didn't eat didn't even equal a bowl of rice they normally charge you $1 for. When we asked the manager about it, he was useless and just said, "You don't have to tip the waiter. He doesn't expect a tip." After arguing about fairness and how the establishment has gone to crap, we walked out of there paying $4 extra for rice... You can have your $4 worth of rice along with the out of business sign Oyshi. Rude, snobby employees coupled with declining quality of food ain't keeping you in business much longer.
2	We've been coming to this place for 3 years now. We order about the same thing most of the time. We are big AYCE sushi fanatics. When we first ordered, we already gave them what we usually order all at once. Then, we were questioned if we can finish it. Of course we said yes. Then we gave them our second order which is about less than half of what we first ordered. When they came back with the albacore we ordered, they gave us a regular tuna. We asked a couple times if it was really albacore and they insisted it is. We know how an albacore looks and taste like. It's one of our favorite fish and it's a must have for us. It seems like they are trying to trick customers with a different but similar looking fish or low grade items. We've tried another sushi place that did this kind of deception before but this is a first from this place. We have plenty of good sushi places in our area but we go out of our way to go to this place. We will not be coming back here anymore and so will the rest of our  family. I'm giving it 2 stars because of the promptness of the food.
4	This place was great.  Great food.  Great Staff.  The thing that impressed me most was how they treated my family.  I went with a friend and their kids so we had a lot of kids, some very small.  They treated them extremely well, explained the parts of sushi ordering culture we weren't familiar with, and were super attentive and patient.  This is how a restaurant should be.
4	Random nights with good friends are always a blast!  I've always said it.  Spontaneity really makes the activity better!  So when I was invited last minute for a sushi dinner, I knew it was going to be fun.  We settled on a place one of us raved about.  I've been to Soyo restaurant many times but never Oyshi.  Time to Yelp!The only down side of this place is the location.  I live across town from here.  Oyshi is in a really cool strip mall in my opinion.  First, you have one of my favorite Korean joints.  Now you have my favorite fried rice joint, Rice Trax.  This location, although far, will be frequented a lot.  Although the wait was super long, the restaurant is pretty cool.  Love the concrete floors, the wood accents in the front and the half table chairs, half booth options for seating.  Our service was pretty good.  Multiple servers came by our table at most times.  It was enjoyable. For dinner at a sushi joint in Vegas, the ONLY way to go is to get the AYCE special (All You Can Eat).  This place charges a $26 price tag.  The one thing that threw me for a loop were the rules involved.  I've never seen a place have all their rules listed on their menu.  With this dinner, you can literally order anything off the menu.  Granted, there are a few items that limit one per person, but you have access to everything.  My recommendations to get the most out of your AYCE is to stick to non-rice dishes.  I know, I know, it's a sushi joint, but trust me.  You can eat so much more if you stick to the protein.  For dinner, here's what I got, grouped in categories:Things I loved: Seaweed Salad (with sesame seeds), Fresh Oysters (with ponzu sauce, green onions and hot sauce), Baked Mussels (topped with yum yum sauce and ponzu), Miso Soup (always a hit), Shrimp Tempura (lightly breaded), chicken yakitori (2 skewers with dark meat chicken and yakitori sauce), Things I liked but kind of disappointed with: Ahi Poke - Bowl filled with seaweed salad, shredded cucumbers and onions on the top, was small chunks of tuna with a little sesame seeds.  Kind of a disappointment.  I understand that tuna is expensive, but the dish was 75% salad and 25% tuna, which should have been the star of the show. Things that were questionable:  Yellowtail or hamachi nigiri - If there's any rice dish I get, it's nigiri because of the small portions. The yellowtail is usually my favorite fish, however, this specific yellowtail was a little discolored and questionable to me.  I took a bite and ended up finishing the dish but it didn't taste like what I'm used to.  Make sure it's fresh!All in all, this place is actually good.  I'm definitely coming back for another AYCE session.  The place is still convenient and the staff is nice.  If you're looking for a good sushi joint on the SW side of Vegas, for sure check them out!
5	Definitely worth the price and more.   Our go to place for AYCE.
1	I've gone a couple times with a large group of friends for a birthday and we got seated in the secluded area away from the restaurant. I felt like they also purposely forgot about us more than half the time for our orders. Or they would bring the forgotten orders that we put in 3 times as a reminder, and finally appear after 1.5 hours when we are 100% full, then try to charge us for the uneaten food.The best items on their menu is the Lobster Love Affair and the Vegas Roll. Other than that, meh.The service is the worst here. Good luck trying to just order for take out, they will look past you for 20 minutes until you ask them for help and even when they finally do, they will still ignore you because they have short attention spans. Mind you, I was sitting at the sushi bar with a menu in my hand and grabbed someone twice and still was not given the time of day. Never coming here again.
1	I've been here a few times and the sushi was mediocre at best. The last time I was there maybe 2 years ago (and the last time I will be there) the service was just horrible. The waitress sat me in a booth with a stack of dirty dishes sitting right next to me in the booth next to me. I looked at her like she was crazy, waiting to see when she would move the soiled disgusting dishes. They stayed there my entire meal. I think I pretty much mentally tuned out after that, but my water glass was constantly empty. I drink a ton of water with my meals. Everything took forever to come and the bill, of course, took forever as well. There are too many sushi places in Vegas to come back to this one to be grossed out having to sit next to dirty dishes my ENTIRE meal.  Service is an F minus. If I were rating the food this place would get 3 stars.
5	My husband and I have a new favorite place in town. We live in Summerlin and still drive to the Southwest side of town for sushi.Portions for AYCE would fool you. Sushi pieces are generous and balls of rice are not enormous. The appetizers are good, you have to try Grilled beef asparagus!Staff is friendly and do their best on busy nights. Make sure you call for reservations on weekend nights. Also, you can order half rolls from the sushi bar, not tables. So if we go, just the 2 of us, we will sit at the bar.
5	I've been here once since moving to Vegas so far and I LOVED it.  Service was great, menu is HUGE especially for all you can eat (AYCE), and the sushi chefs were very nice and welcoming.I cannot wait to return here again and eat as much as possible.
5	Great menu, and the food is fresh!  We live around the corner from this place so we hit it about once a month.  The prices are reasonable and we always end up eating too much.  HIghly recommend!
4	I am in love with this place! The green tea tiramisu is made in house and it is the best way to end a meal!
1	I signed up for Yelp just to write this review and warn everyone that they have HORRIBLE service. their food is not any different from any other sushi restaurants. Trust me, Goymon or I love sushi has WAY BETTER SUSHI. so the night went like this...... I had guests all the way from KOREA. they are the ones who saw the review of this place and told me they want to go. I told them they are not that great (since I have been here several times) but regardless to my opinion, we went. We waited for 30 mins to be seated which is not a big deal. I understand sushi restaurants get busy for dinners.... We sat down and ordered a few nigiris.... THEY brounght 4 pcs every 20 minutes. Once again, I have been to other sushi restaurants and I KNOW FOR A FACT THAT NO MATTER HOW BUSY THE RESTURANT IS, nigiri never takes that long.. so as a result, within an hour... we ate 6 pcs between 3 people. I asked for a manager and told them the situation, and he said THERE IS NOTHING HE CAN DO. (NOT EVEN SORRY) so we said we want to leave and THEY CHARGED US FOR THE FULL AMOUNT OF 3ppl's ALL YOU CAN EAT. I am telling you right now, if you want to ruin our dinner with AWFUL FOOD and IRRESPONSIBLE and RUDE staffs, this is the place to be. NEVER EVER AGAIN. THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER.
4	still great every time we go!
4	I come here for sushi when I'm craving a solid AYCE menu with a lot of raw fish options. I find if you sit at the sushi bar and just ask the chefs for your order the menu is not very stringent and they are happy to really make you anything you ask for. I found the service of our waitress to be pretty bad. My drink was only refilled once and she was very inattentive. Quality of fish is always good and have never had a problem besides how full I leave. The other options are also very good, I always order the seaweed salad and seared ribeye steak which comes on a sizzling hot pan with cabbage and onions and is a great option on the AYCE menu for those that love a surf and turf. I say the food is great for the price, and the place is only getting 4 for the value I got which is something I look for. But the service was lacking. Still worth a trip!
5	We've had lunch here for the second time in the last few weeks and it's true the place is rock solid as far as I can tell by our last two visits. I waited to post a review after our second visit because often the first time may not be enough of an experience to grade a restaurant properly. Excellent quality all around, good atmosphere and most importantly the food is prepared consistently which is the main flaw with most restaurants, not just sushi places. Service is very good and everyone seems to help each other deliver orders to the tables. We really like the fact that the fish inside the rolls are actually cool in temperature and not warm like most places we've tried. The sauces are light in flavor and not over powering, which can overwhelm and kill the fish flavor of good quality sushi rolls. My only negative remark would be that for some reason, after our initial order the second order (often our final order) which is probably 1 or 2 rolls it seems to take a while to come out. Also today my wife wore white pants and it seems there was some soy sauce spilled on the seat of the booth and it stained her pants which I noticed when we went shopping afterwards, but no big deal since it would be hard to see that soy sauce was spilled on a black booth cushion. "We ain't mad at ya", we will be back for more. We hardly tried the extensive offerings this menu features. The best All You Can Eat sushi in town!
5	The sushi is good for an all you can eat. The atmosphere is surprisingly comfortable. Originally I was going to give this place 4 stars, but the extras like rib eye and green tea tiramisu bumped me up to 5. The sushi is not the best, but it's pretty good, all you can eat, and only $26... Excellent value
5	I am SAD that I wasn't able to eat more because I went there after a night of drinking and was severely hung over. I love the prices and the fact that its all you can eat!! Tip: Remember not to leave any food or rolls left over because they make you pay for it. Also you cannot take food home so order carefully and arrive here on an empty stomach.
3	For people looking for variety, not so much into the raw fish part of sushi, this place has a lot of variety and their offerings are pretty good. But for the sushi purist and sushi snob it's a no go. The fish is not at its freshest/finest compared to other places, most of their rolls are stuffed full of imitation crab, and the rice is pretty inconsistent across chefs, getting bigger with the more you order. Their deserts are more unique than other places and pretty good. The parfait was the best out of the brulees and tiramisu that we tried among their offerings. No complaints about the service this day.
2	I remember why I choose other places over this one because their service is inconsistent sometimes fast sometimes slow n it doesn't matter how busy their are and the biggest one for me is I never feel gratitude from the employees there. Sushi is good I do have to say
3	I love sushi.. and this place is just okay. located very close to me so I end up going here a lot and it's always iffy. Their one manager who has been working the last couple times I've gone is amazing. He's very attentive and talks to the tables and makes sure everyone has what they need. If he is not there.. it's not the same. The service is below average. If they are the slightest bit busy.. you have to wait sometimes 20 minutes before the server will even remember she has you at her table to put another order in. This can sometimes be good because if it's AYCE, you're completely hungry after waiting 20 mins between each roll... we also paid with cash once.. 12 over.. and never got our change. and the service was terrible that time. so really? you're just gonna assume the rest is your tip? mmm no. and then she never returned to the table even though we sat there and waited for quite awhile. oh well.. the food itself though is usually amazing. I've never really ordered anything that I didn't like. Except the mochi for dessert. everywhere else I go they cut it into quarters for you and sometimes even decorate it with chocolate sauce (sushi wa on eastern.. recommend there waaay over this place) .. but not this place.. you just gotta bite right into it and man does that hurt my sensitive teeth. But again, the food is good, and if you go on a less busy night the food comes out somewhat fast. Also, it can get pretty cramped. Last time I was there they sat a larger table next to us and put a chair on the end. I literally could have rested my head on the guys shoulder who say there. Really? I understand about wanting to accommodate every guest that comes in.. but what about the comfort ability of the other guests already there? mmmm not my favorite place yet I keep returning so it'll get 3 stars.
4	Been here a few times and I must say, I like it here. We usually get the AYCE. The menu has a good variety and includes dessert. The sushi is decent to good. There's a board with specials as well so don't forget to check that out. Oyshi offers the usual Japanese fare from sushi to specialty rolls, appetizers and other small plates. Some of the sushi have options of preparing. ie. you can have your albacore regular, seared, seared with garlic, etc. Same goes for the salmon and yellowtail and a few other fish on the menu. I really like the yakitori, baked mussels, sushi options and desserts. This location is way off the strip. It's worth a try if you like AYCE. They also accept reservations.
4	Today was my second time visiting this sushi place. First time I was there, I wasn't too impressed. But I came back again today, and oh boy.. I completely changed my mind about this place.My family and I had shrimp tempura, baked mussels, heart attack roll, salmon roll, california roll, oyshi roll, lasagna roll, yellowtail nigiri, salmon nigiri, white tuna nigiri, and the vegas roll. Everything that we ordered was completely delicious. I really appreciated that the sashimi slices for their nigiri were generously thick. The fish to rice ratio of the nigiri was perfect. Not too much rice.Only reason why I gave it a 4 is because the service was kind of eh. And I really didn't like how my 3-year-old was $16 for AYCE. My daughter doesn't even eat much sushi at all. I like sushi places that have children 5 & under free. So those two would be my only reasons as to why they don't receive 5 stars. Minus the cons, I think this place is a very decent place to eat sushi. I would go back. Not often, but if I'm ever in this side of town & craving some sushi.. I'll definitely stop by.
5	$21 all you can eat sushi for lunch/$26 for dinner. I love how their specialty rolls are included...and the rolls are made fresh (compared to most sushi buffets).  My favorite rolls were the love affair roll and the monster roll.Don't forget to get a dessert too! Their creme brulee is delicious! :)
4	Finally got the chance to sample this southwestern sushi spot.Restaurant design: very modern. Comfortable seats everywhere, very nice lounge with its own TV, huge counters at the bar. One of the largest interiors I've seen. The only weird thing is how low the armchairs in the lounge are. Luckily, we didn't have to deal with that since we didn't fill the table.Service: consistent pacing throughout the night. Could be because we were the lounge table, but I'll take that versus sometimes being forgotten.Picks:Nigiri: everything was delicious through and through, even the tuna. The spicy tuna was a bit overwhelming for my sensitive palate. Smoked salmon special here is superior to Goyemon's special. Uni is the best quality other than when I tried Kaze's AYCE sashimi lunch. There were some issues with seaweed wrappers from different pieces sticking to each other though.Oysters: no real off flavors and haven't gotten sick yet, so that's a win for meBaked mussels: solidFried calamari: fineLasagna roll: didn't notice much difference with the inclusion of avocado, and good qualityParfait: really, really good. Fruits and crunchy granola made me really happy. Glad I made this my limit-one-dessert-that-isn't-ice-cream-scoops choice.Passable:Dynamite: pretty good, but the sesame threw me off.Surf n Turf sizzling plate: beef strips and shrimp on a bed of onions and cabbage. Not bad, but not great.Hot sake: average, I suppose. Best part was that it was a Mon/Tues 2-for-1 special.Pans:Popcorn scallop: pretty useless.Amaebi head: brain drained. I feel like they did this as a restaurant-wide strategy to appeal to a more mainstream palate (you can tell by how they let you order yum yum sauce on the side). Would've liked all off the flavors to be there.Ice cream: while the green tea was pretty good, the vanilla was not that impressive and the texture of both had noticeable ice crystalsOverall, I enjoyed the meal with a few notable exceptions. It's worth the drive if you want a change from your normal sushi spot. I'd probably come back to explore the rolls since we didn't really plumb the depths of that extensive part of the menu.
5	Great place! While visiting my best friend who lives here, she highly recommended doing something off the strip and different. I had never heard of an all you can eat sushi place that wasn't at a disgusting buffet. This place is great because you can order sushi and small apps, including small plates and salads with the all you can eat special. Not only was the food delicious, but the music was just as good! I could have stayed in there all night. Loved it.
2	We tried Oyshi on a recommendation from a Renoite transplant that lives in Vegas now, we were expecting decent ayce sushi, much like the ones you can get in Reno....not even close.  Sushi-The sushi is just, ok.  The fish wasn't super fresh, some of the cuts of fish were thin and cut poorly, falling apart.  Most of the rolls had the same notes of lots of imitation crab meat mixture, so they all tasted the same.  Appetizers-I'm a fanatic for raw oysters, they had small Pacific oysters that were a bit on the warm side and very bland tasting, flavorless even with the siracha sauce they dotted on it.  It tasted as though it was about to go bad and they rinsed it with tap water, even the shell the oyster was served in lacked oyster liquor, which isn't a good sign.  Needless to say, I was only able to eat 1 of 4 that I ordered and it was a struggle to keep it down.  I've eaten raw oysters from a jar and the raw oysters here came pretty close to that.  I told the wait staff that the oysters were a bit off and she replied, "that's odd they're usually not like that".  The manager was attentive and came to our table to see if we wanted more oysters, stating that there wasn't enough sauce on our previous order as to why they tasted that way. If the oysters are fresh, why would you need to drown it in "sauce"?The sweet shrimp with side of fried heads, amaebi, were not so sweet, which means they weren't so fresh.  The shrimp heads weren't prepared properly, (not fried well) and so it was tough to bite through it.After having the oyster and amaebi, we passed on the uni, because if you can't get the other 2 right, there's no way we were going to try the uni as it needs to be super fresh.They were pretty busy for a Tuesday night, so maybe I just have high expectations for sushi, or maybe we just got the Sushi chef in training, but if your like me and your jonesing for some great sushi, this place isn't for you.
5	Great food, I'm very picky on sushi, and for an all you can eat place  this is pretty bomb!! You can pick any thing from sushi and appetizers and dessert
5	Went back in October, still outstanding food and service, and  you can not beat the all you can eat price or wide variety of ordering options.
5	Amazing food and service! Some of us went for the AYCE and wow! Didn't have to wait long for the food to start coming even though the places was packed. A must bust in Vegas!
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and ever since then we love coming here. The staff is friendly and fast service! I love how it looks inside very modern. We can't find a place that's better then this place. They have quality fish for a great price!
1	I often used to come to Oyshi because it's close to my house and it was very delicious. Fish was always fresh and service was always good, but ever since they got popular, everything has down-graded. I tried to give them second chances because I used to love this place so much! But lately, their customer service has been way too slow. I get that they're busy, which IMO they need to hire more staffs. My last visit, it took them at least 10 mins to realize that we were standing there waiting to be seated. Then, it took 30 mins for the server to bring us water and miso soup. The owner walks by and doesn't acknowledge us at all. You've got to be fast and efficient, especially a busy place like this, you've got to have more staffs. I will never come back again, even if it's a block away from my house. Despite my horrible experience, I still love their Love Affair roll, it's the only roll that doesn't fail to satisfy me.
4	Excellent food and great service.  Ask for Thomas to be your server.  My favorite roll is the Hawaiian.
1	10 m sitting down then someone come and offer me the waterAnother 10 minutes go bye no one comes to take my orderMy roommate love this place I personal I think they don't know how the business
2	Oyshi used to be my favorite AYCE sushi spot.  They had a wide variety of quality rolls, great tasting food, consistent service, and a really nice atmosphere that made for a great spot to have pre-game Friday night dinner. Although the sushi is still pretty good, the service and management has gone off the deep end and because of this, I don't think I'll ever eat at Oyshi again.  There are too many quality sushi restaurants in Las Vegas to justify returning to Oyshi where the last few visits, all I seem to get are orders that never show up, drinks that never get filled, waiters that refuse to come to our table or our spot at the bar (even though it's obvious that you've seen me flag you down), and servers/staff that are increasingly bitter and unfriendly.  This stuff matters. Oddly enough, it's also the stuff that is easiest to fix. When you've already got quality menu items, quality sushi chefs, and quality sushi rolls that people rave about - why are you letting your terrible servers and management ruin your restaurant?If I'm sitting at the sushi bar and I'm trying to order more beer and sake, why are people refusing to help me out? If I want to give you my money in exchange for some-what overpriced alcohol, why does it take more than 20 minutes for someone to take my drink order and then another 20 to bring me a couple of beers and sake? This should never be an issue with a sushi restaurant.  Never. Sure, AYCE places get really busy and I totally understand that. But, if you can't handle the heat - hire more servers. I shouldn't have to wait more than 45 minutes for my order. And when my order does come out, half of it shouldn't be missing. It also shouldn't take you another 30 minutes to bring out the pieces missing from my order. And you shouldn't have an attitude with customers just because they are asking for the items they originally ordered that are missing because you either forgot to put the orders in or there was a mix up in the kitchen. I am never rude to waiters or management and this last experience at Oyshi was no exception. I was pleasant and more than patient and if I still can't get someone to so much as offer an apology for missing orders/missing drinks and for treating me like I was more of a burden than a customer bringing a lot of business to the establishment, then I will happily take my business elsewhere. Sorry, Oyshi, it was good while it lasted!
5	My absolute favorite all you can eat sushi place! Fresh,delicious, great serviceThumbs up!!!!! Best sushi in town
4	The lunch specials are great deals and the food is good too.  I don't come here often as it can take a little longer than the average lunch break but it is well worth it on days when I can afford the extra time.
4	I enjoy coming to Oyshi on a regular basis. The food here is good and pricing is fair for their AYCE. Sometimes I do catch them on an "off" day and their salmon is not as fresh tasting as I would like it. But what I'll do is order their yumyum overload rolls (any of the big ones). As for their desserts, I think they're ok. Nothing too spectacular. I'd recommend coming here for the consistently good AYCE. Be sure to come with an appetite!
2	They take too long to bring out food for AYCE and the rice seems like its old. They didn't take our order for a long time. I didn't get my last order. Dessert took forever to come out also.
3	The food was really good, even my daughter liked it.  The service was ok, i was with a big group so that might have lessened the service. It took kind of awhile to get our order.  I will most likely eat here again.
4	I love the food at Oyshi but the service is incredibly slow. & of course it makes it worse when they have a full house too. Luckily both times here I had nice waiters though and when the food FINALLY came after what felt like over 30 minutes, it was delicious. The warm sake was also really good!
1	I've been coming here since it opened a couple years ago.  It used to be my spot, but lately they just don't seem to care.  Last time I was in it took forever for someone to seat us and there were multiple open seats with no one in front of us.  The service was just plain bad.  We had multiple servers who couldn't keep my wife's order straight(not a sushi eater) but always loved their Teriyaki Chicken Skewers.  They either change their teriyaki recipe or screwed up and put something else on it because it wasn't teriyaki. Food quality declined.  The specialty rolls seems to consist of more mayo based sauces than other ingredients.  Had to go through 3 different people to find the person to give me my check.  I noticed that many of the guys who I would always see working there in the past weren't there, maybe a coincidence or maybe not.  By the way Oyshi management-having your employees sleeping one off in the V.I.P. lounge in plain sight of customers is just irresponsible and lazy.
4	The food has gotten a little better since the last two years or so. The service has ranged from mediocre to excellent; it seems to be hit or miss. The people who have worked there longer seem to be comfortable, whereas those who are newer work a little harder to ensure better service. Sometimes it takes a while for a waiter or waitress to come back and check on you, and sometimes they're always there. Sometimes the food comes timely, and sometimes not so quickly, even on the slower days. Again, hit or miss. This is a great place to bring company, as it is decently and comparably priced, clean, and modern. But we've also had better food at more hole-in-the wall places; the only thing is that it is not as presentable as Oyshi. I guess it depends on what you're looking for -- pretty decent food with a modern feel, or excellent food with a less presentable atmosphere.
5	Definitely one of the best sushi places I have ever been. You get a great deal when for the all you can eat. Great service and excellent food. About a 15 minute drive from the strip, but sooooo worth it
2	This is an updated review. This place never was my favorite AYCE sushi but it is located close to my home and their sushi was decent. They also had a lot of hot appetizers that you could get with the AYCE option. BUT my recent visit here was absolutely terrible. I got the AYCE dinner and started out with a few nigiris. The rice was hard and crunchy!...Horrible! How can you mess up the sushi rice at a sushi restaurant?! The even more disappointing part was that AFTER I complained about it the server told us "yeah the rice is messed up tonight"... the manager said the same thing. The fact that they told us AFTER, seemed as if they were hoping nobody would complain and say anything. My friends and I didn't get to order a lot of the things that we wanted... such as special rolls and hand rolls, all of which HAVE rice in them. Completely unacceptable. And they charged us FULL price without even offering a small discount or a complimentary cocktail or what not. Very disappointing.
3	Grub!  Another of so many AYCE Sushi Bars in Vegas Monkey shall take advantage of during lunch...Nicer decor than the cheaper Hawaiian Sushi places.  Average wait for dinner is about 15mins.  Plenty of seating at tables.  Clean, quick, kind servers and great rolls.  We were limited on time to catch a flick, so just picked a few items from the expansive menu.  FUTOMAKI - just had a craving for veggiesCALI SALMON ROLL - delicious salmon rolled into california rollMONSTER - tempura shrimp, imit crab, eel & avocado - Yummo!SALMON NIGIRI - salmon a little suspect today...  Monkey shall return for a post-run grub session and hopefully bump it up a start or two after trying a few more things...
5	Las Vegas Robbie's placeHigh roller ! Dynamite appetizerRock and roll (tiff would love this)No oyster appetizer- grossOysha roll is good but a 2nd dynamite would be betterLove affair is good but not amazingSurf and turf appetizer is pretty good.Asparagus and beef is good
5	Great as usual, can never get enough of this place!! Love the all you can eat sushi and appetizers.
5	Awesome as usual... Nice place, reasonable price, good food especially Love affair roll and Chung hua roll
4	Only a fan of the Food, we sat at the bar, thinking it would be quicker. "Wrong"They had 6 chefs, the chef  making the sushi for us, ran the show, he must have made 100 rolls while we were there. He was like a machine.  The sad part is nobody else had a clue, waiting 15 minutes to get started, 20 minutes to get bill, and then 10 minutes to pay bill.The chef & food more than made up for it, I would return if I knew he would be preparing the sushi, dynamite sushi, poor service
3	Usually come here for a guaranteed good to amazing AYCE sushi experience but my most recent visit here today proved itself to be less than good let alone ok. In short: the food and quality of it is amazing, not sub par by any means. I highly suggest their nigiri as well as their Red Dragon and Crazy Philly roll. Their ahi poke is fresh and the bed of seaweed salad it's placed in is on point. However, the service (today at least) was below average. It's understandable if a waiter is slammed with tables, if errands for sushi bar needs to run, miscommunication with orders happen ---shit happens and waitressing is a tough job. But when you don't even bother to check your tables on the way of running food or when you're plain MIA for the duration of our longer than expected stay---It's simply no bueno. Our waiter Josh was sweet and was probably jam packed with errands but when it comes to an hr wait for the check let alone dessert orders...well hmm :/ Still love this place but maybe perhaps don't understaff?
3	Went for AYCE. Food was good, service (today) was terrible. Our waiter was quick to take our first order but then disappeared for quite some time afterward...even the other tables in the same section began to complain. The only time he was prompt to act was in collecting his tip (which would have been less had we not been a party of 6)Still have love for Oyshi, but it's unlikely that it'll be our first choice for AYCE in the future.
4	Good sushi, greater service, perfect for groups. Walked in with a group of 11 friends and we were seated in a private room. It was perfect for our group and very relaxing. We all had AYCE.Food came out faster than I expected, and not all at once. Service here gets an A+. For  AYCE, sushi is very much up to par. It's not the best, but you definitely appreciate the taste. The best rolls were: Lobster flare, tiger roll, spider roll, and monster roll. Uni is good but you can only get 1 order.  Also, we saw that they ran out of ingredients or particular sushi (it's never fun to pay for AYCE only to find out the items you want had run out). Still - great place. Clean bathroom, so clean kitchen!
5	Came for the 2nd time and it was even better than the first. Great food and the service today was the best I've had in a sushi restaurant. Will be back soon.
5	AYCE sushi for the win! This is a must go to spot when I hit Vegas. The customer service is straight and the rolls are delicious! The price is reasonable and a it's a great way to enjoy sushi and apps amongst friends!
4	Always busy but awesome food. My hubby is a yelper, so read his detailed review(s) (Dan N.) . Must get the Atomic Bomb!
5	A couple of dollars more expensive than some other ayce sushi places, but it's worth it! They're busy a lot so be prepared to wait a little but. Again, it's worth it though! Really great tasting sushi and good customer service.
1	Very disappointed ! We came here with family since my brother highly recommend this place. We were a group of 12 and had to wait because the place is packed on a Saturday night. Almost an hour had passed and they said it will be ready in 10-15 mins. Then came a group of 11 who came and were seated right away. I don't know if they had reservation but we just felt ignored the whole time. So I asked the receptionist that why is it taking too long? And she said that we are a big group blah blah blah. My dad was really upset and confronted the manager and the manager "Kevin" said if you continue to complain then the more you are going to wait. That made me really furious because nobody should disrespect anyone no matter what. So I told him to cancel it and the manager said "Good!" I don't know if this manager had restaurant etiquette but even if people had high praise about your food but the service sucks it doesn't make you of a good place! I'm not sure if he owns the place but if there is a bigger boss he should not be working in a restaurant since he doesn't respect the customers and honestly we felt discriminated. I've never felt so bad like this because it involved my family and it was suppose to be a nice dinner to wrap up our vacation in Vegas. I just hope this would be the last time they are doing this to anyone because it's a waste since my brother said its one of the best in Vegas. And to Kevin the Manager, one of your job Is to respect your customers the food just comes second your service is more important just in case you never knew that !
4	Atlas my favorite sushi place in Las Vegas!Unfortunately I'm unable to rate them a full 5 star due to their slowness on delivering plates. My group definitely has to order a lot of sushi at once to compensate for the wait time in between orders.The environment is amazing. It's definitely the most up to date sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. I'm judging by the actual wall decor to the house music played.My favorite dish would have to be A Lobster Affair. If you don't have a shellfish allergy give this dish a try.
1	I would rate them 5 star if this prob didn't happen. But at the end going on dessert you are only allowed to order one (as in just one piece) dessert. I'm a dessert person, so if you are too, I don't recommend this place. Too much rule when it comes to eating all you can eat. Where can you see all you can eat but only allow you to eat one piece of dessert per person from the entire dessert menu?? They taking time on serving your food too and leave you one napkin and you have to ask for extra. This is my first and will be the last time eating here.
5	I am still in love with this place!! Since it was just me and a friend, we opted for first available seating Nd that ended up being at the bar. It's a while new environment when you sit at the bar! If it's just you and a friend, I recommend sitting at the bar. If it's you and your family or a large group, stick to a table. But I do recommend experiencing the bar when you can. By sitting at the bar, you are face to face with the sushi chefs. You may order your rolls directly from them and if you are daring, you can just have them make rolls for you without necessarily going off the menu (AYCE guests only, I'm guessing). Since it was the first time sitting at the bar for both of us, we didn't know that was possible until we had already ordered the world and we were just about bursting at the seams. We did try a fatty tuna sushi though which was basically made with tuna belly. It was sooooooo good!! We also had a bottle of lychee sake. It came in a wine sized bottle, but we decided to take shots of it. It was so yum and it basically tasted like juice. Which is dangerous because it had the same alc vol as wine, and my friend and I finished the bottle like it was nothing! Here are a few things that I think would be great to keep in mind while you're here: -if you and a friend are looking to hang out, enjoy great food, and be social, definitely sit at the bar and have the chefs make you whatever your heart desires -it's all you can eat, so definitely come here with an empty stomach and be prepared to eat the world! BUT...on busy nights, the wait can be awhile and if you come here super hungry, once you're seated, you'll want to order everything at once! This may not be a good thing, cuz if you're anything like us, you'll stuff your face and be done within 30 minutes. -if you're paying with multiple cards, make sure the person taking your payment knows what exactly is going on what card. Although  we thought that we were clear in our instructions, she still managed to charge the wrong amount! (I'm not sure if this girl just wasn't paying attention or just wasn't having it because it was so busy, but I remember she was also being a bit rude when she was calling people for their tables)
5	I still love this place. When we want sushi we want Oyshi!With that said, here's my rant....no matter what night you go here it's ALWAYS packed. That's not my gripe. Upon our recent visit I noticed that they took out some of the tables to put in a rather large hostess stand. This place is already small and crowded, why would you take away seating???Ok end rant.....
3	Place was kind of small but the staffs personalities and great energy made up for the lack of space. It's always refreshing to find restaurants with an enthusiastic staff! The sushi was delicious, I highly recommend the Japanese lasagna and tako salad.
1	This place used to be good with good service and atmosphere. Now, hands down the WORST thing about Oyshi is the SERVICE. We have given this place multiple chances thinking something would change, but it just keeps getting worse. Unless you speak the language there, they don't care about your service. It's so frustrating to be sitting there for 30min, with nothing but a drink, and seeing so many others (who even come in after you) get served their food. Never again is this place worth our time or money. Definitely DO NOT recommend Oyshi if you're looking for good food or even relatively descent service
1	By far the worst service I have received in a while. Literally waited an hour for an appetizer. Basically wasted time and money . Whenever we made an order we would wait FORVER for it to make our table. Not to mention half of our orders didn't make it to our table! We ended up asking for our check and what was funny is that the manager brought out the rest of our food. Seriously??? Yea total waste of $70!
5	Favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas.  It's a 30 min drive one way and still we go.Quality and selection is excellent.  Many AYCE places will not customize orders... these guys do.  The staff is great... food is awesome... atmosphere clean and club/trendy.....but everyone knows this...so I recommending calling ahead... don't be suprised to wait a while for a table during peak hours.
3	I'm from San Diego and when I heard "ALL YOU CAN EAT" sushi -- I had to try this out. My family and I had lunch here and It blew me away. The decor was gorgeous and modern and for $21 dollars for all you can eat sushi plus sweets! Went here on the weekend and there was a good amount of people dining. The sushi was good and I even tasted some sushi that I wouldn't normally try back home. Because of the "all you can eat deal", I took advantage of that. As we ordered it took a bout a couple of minutes for our food to come out. I gave this place 3 stars because our waitress Vivian had forgotten some of our food.The food was good and I wanted to try as much as I could, I got too excited.. but when you forget an order, it bums customers out. She did apologize. I would like to come back again and try more of the food here, just hopefully they wont forget our order :)
1	This place is as expensive as (I love sushi), but with the quality of a grocery store. The people that rate this place more than one star either work there or have never had sushi before!!!!
3	good food but service was just ok. they add 18% gratuity for parties of 6 which i would not give for what service i recieved from the food server. Food server wasnt even checking if the food was ok or not.   i saw more of the busboy more than the food server.  i think the food server was guaranteed 18% tip and so he did not care if we were taken care of or not. once he served the food we did not see him till we got the bill. and was not even offered desserts. he served ice cream without spoons. how can you eat icecream in a glass bowl? this food server deserved 3% tip...only reason i gave 3 stars was the food was good. would have given 4 or 5 stars if it wasnt for thr service that my family got.
3	I'm torn.The sushi was outstanding and the All You Can Eat menu was expansive.The service was terrible. There were many servers there on a Monday night and the place wasn't super busy. They kept forgetting about us and not once did anyone ask if everything was ok. We did the AYCE deal and after I finished a roll it would be like, 15 minutes before anyone asked for our next order. A few times we had to pester the bus boys to get our server because they were the only staff that was coming around. I saw the server at the table next to us check on them twice before anyone came to us even once. I understand if it's crazy busy and people are ordering sushi like it's going out of style, but I kept looking up at the servers standing around at the bar doing nothing but looking confused. Maybe they didn't know who had our table, I don't know. After we were done with our dessert we just sat there for another 10-15 minutes waiting for our check. Again, we had to literally get up out of our seats to find someone.Any time I've done AYCE at other places, even busier places like Goyemon, the service has been fine. This was bad service to the point of being extreme.Come on Oyshi, step it up! I really really like your sushi!
5	This place gets five stars simply from being a non-buffet all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant! I tend to have slow moments so it wasn't until the end of the meal that realized that, with the exception of a few items, the whole darn menu (appetizers, soups, rolls, nigiri, tapas, and dessert) was included in one price! Lunch was less than $20 per adult, which I felt was a steal. The restaurant isn't on the strip but it's worth it for anyone visiting to venture off the beaten path for this great dining experience. Plus, it gives you the opportunity to see the residential side of things. This is now, without a doubt, one of my "must-visit" places when I come to Vegas.
5	Excellent service we had Mono and Sia- all you can eat loved the skirt steak sizzling plate.
4	This place is better then what I expected. The service was good. The sushi is good with a lot of options to choose from. The red bean moochi is soo delicious!!!
2	As a person who eats at many different sushi places I was disappointed when it came to the rolls here. Although we enjoyed our appetizers and desserts we lacked in fulfillment in our sushi. For a 5 order the size was well, but when it came to 6-8 piece orders the sizes were to larger as if they were buffing it with rice and lacking any taste. When eating sushi I want to enjoy it not have a mouthful of rice and if was a good size it felt as if the sushi chefs were using the crab as a crutch to fill most of the sushi. One of my most enjoyed rolls the rainbow roll consisted of no avocado, loads of crab, and poorly sliced pieces. This is my third time here and I'll say that every experience here has been a gradual decrease of pleasure. The nigiri was enjoyable but that was all. The servers and bussers were pleasant but the sushi chefs were acting as if it was a middle school sleepover, gossiping with each other about customers instead of actually communicating with them.
5	I absolutely loved my experience here! I was reading the other reviews that had bad ratings and most of it came from bad service and about waiting too long. Well first of all, you gotta come early! You can't just be walkin in like you own the place. If it's busy don't expect to be waited on hand a foot. C'mon give these guys a break! They do their best to accommodate the guest they have. I mean, would you be able to handle 6-8 parties yourself? (Unless you're and server than ok. Haha) But nonetheless, they continuously checked up on us and I think that's all we can ask for. I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Besides the outstanding service, if you love sushi, Just come here. It's sooo good and During lunch too cause it's cheaper! Hahah Enjoy!
5	Always love coming here... They always go light on the rice, a quality you can't find in too many all you can eat spots. Some of the rolls are a little saucy for me but once you have it once just ask for easy sauce next time. Great service, good food... What else can you ask for?
5	I love this place beyond love. We eat here every time we are in Vegas. I wish I could box them up and take them back with us to NC. I love all the rolls but my all time favorite roll is the Love Affair. The crunchy topping with the sauce is absolutely amazing. When we lived here we ate here almost every single week. I highly recommend everyone eat here. The all you can eat is the best deal in town by far. It's off the strip always but TRUST ME it's worth it!!!
1	The food was great but the auto gratuity, which was expected was unexpectedly high. 30% is that even legal?
5	Love love love! This place is the best, large assortment of rolls and so many options so other menu items that are included in the all you can eat.
3	My first time here , we were seated right away,  it's very noisy, so good for groups but not for romantic dinners,  it did tend to be less noisy as the night went on, the sushi was delicious and totally worth the price, in fact it was a steal , all u can eat off the menu, with exception of sashimi , I will definetly be back.It's perfect for a large group, and especially for those with big appetites and those who want to try everything off the menu..They do offer teriyaki which is tasty for those who do not like sushi...
5	Definitely one of the best sushi spots in town! Really good rolls and not very expensive! I go here all the time!
2	Very bad service !!! Food was good but u wait a long time for ur food.... The only thing the servers can do so quick is when they give you ur check....not very nice is like there doing it in purpose....i dnt ussually do this review but we were there 3x & still same .....
1	food is average, just like all other sushi places in Vegas. my friend came here once, and apparently the tip she left wasn't as generous as the waitress expected. we came back a few weeks later, and the same waitress had the nerve to send another girl over and ask us, "*so-and-so over there wants to know why you tipped bad last time." Excuse us!? we don't have to tip you well if we feel like you don't deserve it. that's why it's called a TIP. extremely RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL question to ask us.   go to sushi kaya down on spring mountain. farther drive, but way better customer service and food. not going back here again.
3	Variety versus Service - this is my headliner for this place.The menu is excellent, and by that I mean I have many choices, in fact too many that on my second visit here, I think i have only tried an eight of their items. Quality and freshness of their seafood are outstanding, and I've had them on roll, sushi, and sashimi.The stand-outs are: Miso soup, Ahi Poke, Shrimp tempura, Calamari, Surf and Turf, Eel and Avocado, Creme Brulee.... food is four stars hands down.Now, the service is not the most accommodating, I'm afraid to say. Some cons on my last visit: our waiter forgot our three orders of Calamari and had to be reminded, as we waited for a good twenty minutes, grave sin on customer service definitely. For the pros, we were greeted and seated very quickly and our drinks were refilled readily and I appreciated the fact that our waiter apologized for making us wait on our calamaris. In the end, I would give them three stars and believe that they could do better by following up with an order.
5	I used to go to Oishi Sushi frequently when I lived nearby. It's a very nice, cozy, somewhat upscale place with class and ambiance. Low noise  & dim lights make it great for dates. Best Red Dragon rolls in town (my personal favorite.)
3	Sushi wasn't fresh. Price was reasonable though...
5	OMG I've been craving this place since the first time. It's soo good! It was my first time at a sushi bar and I had a wonderful experience. We sat at the bar and the chefs make everything in front of you and pass it up when it is ready. I tried so much I don't remember everything I tried. I remember calamari, salmon, the red rock roll, and green tea tiramisu. I remember the red rock roll because it was my favorite. The server suggested it and it was delicious. I also had the Saki and that was tasty as well ;) By the time we got to the green tea tiramisu I was really full but it was great, I'd definitely get it again. Can't wait to go back here!!
4	My favorite sushi restaurant.
5	My husband and I eat out a lot and Oyshi Sushi is one of our favorite places, but our ONLY favorite sushi place. Best all you can eat. We get the Ahi Poke, Baked Mussels, Surf and Turf, Chicken Teriyaki, and Miso soup for appetizers. The Japanese Lasagna, Atomic Bomb, and Lobster Fair are a must! Always busy here so plan ahead. I think it's worth the wait though! Happy eating!
3	Great place to bring family or friends from out of town .. All you can eat appetizers as well as sushi ..!!
5	Excellent quick Service to my party of 15, everything was great from food to customer service, Thanks to my Server Mono!
3	Originally this place could not figure out a system to seat guests in the correct order of arrival and it would drive me crazy. As of lately, this problem seems to be fixed. Their appetizer menu is extensive and the main reason why we have AYCE. Their rolls are nothing special and their is limitation on dessert, but still not a bad deal. The restaurant is spacious and even when full, still feels fine.
5	I love this restaurant! I've been coming here since it first opened. I've never gotten food poisoning here but if I did I wouldn't turn my back on it. Sushi is sushi. If you order sushi raw then you're taking a risk for food poisoning. It goes for any sushi restaurant because it's raw. Even if handled properly. There's always that small percent... But customer service just needs a little improvement. Overall the food is great!!!
5	I have gone to this place for a couple of years. And every time I come in I can see their popularity is rising. They have add more seating area which is great. I don't think I've ever waited for 20mins for a table. The food is always good. Everything I've ever had their is yummy! They added a sizzling plate which I really enjoyed. They have a couple ppl that walk around just to clear your table which is awesome. Your table is never cluttered.
5	My husband and I have been going since opening week! I looove their sushi and you cant beat the price! The love affair and the tuna! Always fresh! Also try that green tea ice cream.
4	My boyfriend and I live right across the street from Oyshi, and we go once a week or once every two weeks. It is soooo delicious and we crave it basically on a daily basis. Lol. I have tried other sushi places, but Oyshi is by far my favorite. I love their baked rolls and appetizers. My favorites are the hot tamale roll, the Japanese lasagna, spicy tuna crunch, potato croquette, egg rolls, Yellowstone, and quite a few others. The sushi chefs behind the bar are very nice. I rave about this place to basically everyone I know. Lol. It gets really busy during the normal dinner hours...which we typically try to avoid because it takes longer for each order to come out. The only reason I rated 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service is a hit or miss. Sometimes we get a really great server who is very attentive to us, but other times we sit there forever before a server finally notices us. Or they take forever to refill your drinks...or they take your first order and forget you're there. It is a little pricey, but so worth it! If you want to eat or try a lot of stuff, definitely go for the all you can eat!
5	My server for tonight was Odi! She was incredibly attentive & caring with our needs. When we sat down she did an outstanding job at explaining the menu to us and checked on us consistently. If you happen to stop by Oyshi and your expecting quality service I would recommend Odi, plus she has the most contagious smile ever :) Oyshi truly is the best deal in town for your money with unlimited kitchen/sushi included in the All You Can Eat menu. Definitely a must on my list
5	Fat pieces of fish on the nigiri, the ratio and freshness beats all of the other sushi joints I've tried out here.
2	Tried the AYCE for lunch. Hated that they put so much imitation krab mix in almost every roll. Gross.
2	I've been here multiple times and service has horribly declined. Our party of 5 came here and there was no hostess in sight, nor was it busy at all! The servers made eye contact but never even assured us that the hostess will be seating us shortly. When we finally did get a seat, our server was completely rude and impatient. When I kept browsing the menu, he would say "is that all?" Also, it took ages to get our orders. And forever for our server to come check on us--it got so bad that we had to get up to get our server. When we got the check, our server added the 18% gratuity, when it's stated on their menu that gratuity is added for parties of 6+. You can imagine how furious our party was..Basically, the food and music here is the reason why I even included any stars. Rolls are so flavorful; some taste fresh, others have so much imitation crab, or drenched with so many sauces. Love their sizzling plates; especially their rib eye steak. Wish they weren't so stingy with their ahi poke. The oysters were pretty good and tasted pretty fresh. Basically, if you wanna pay $25+ for AYCE with HORRIBLE customer service, then this is the place for you!
5	This is our favorite all you can eat sushi restaurant! Sushi is always fresh and we always leave like we've over ate. :) There is however, always a wait and a line but it's because the food is great! Don't mind waiting if the food is worth it! My boyfriend does not  eat sushi but he always has something to order. He orders the mussels, the dynamite, vegas roll, sizzling skirt and asian steak. He also loves the music they play.
4	We come here when we want all you can eat sushi. I love that they have so many different rolls to choose from. Everything tastes delicious every time. My 5 year old loves them too! The service on the other hand is a hit or miss. The last time we went in it wasn't very busy, but we had to wait forever for our food! It was like they were out catching the fish as we were waiting for it.
2	This is the second time I've been here and I have yet to be impressed. The Oysters were UNEDIBLE, not fresh at all.And the Sushi in general just didn't seem very fresh either AND they put quite a bit of rice with the nigiri to fill your ass up with THIN ass slices of fish!Second time not impressed, not wasting anymore time, money or calories here. Sorry!
1	This is the 2nd time we've come early enough but the hostess didn't want to seat us so we are going elsewhere ... $300 tab .... Your loads mutha fuckas !!!!
1	My girlfriend and I have been to Oyshi Sushi a couple of times and have thought that the food was good. Nothing spectacular. We have always gone if we are craving sushi and they have an AYCE option. We've never had the problem of getting seated right away which other people have mentioned, but I don't blame them because their staff and customer service is plain out horrible.The first time my girlfriend took my to Oyshi she had an issue with the customer service that the waitress was giving her. She did not clarify the oysters which was a part of the AYCE and after she was very rude. After taking our order we saw her twice and then thereafter other waitresses had to take our order and deliver our food.Our second time going to Oyshi it was fine. We were seated in a timely manner and received our orders of AYCE sushi without any issues.The third time we went to Oyshi is WHY IM WRITING THIS REVIEW and have joined YELP and is also why I'm NOT GOING BACK THERE. We were seated in a timely manner and our order was taken in a timely manner as well, but after the waitress (Pinky) took our order of AYCE we never saw her again. That's when everything fell apart. Our food took at least 20 mins to come out and it wasn't even busy. Not only that, we always order baked mussels with our order  and that never came out to the point where we order a second round. We had to call over the host or the manager or whoever the guy that was dressed up with a tie was. When Pinky never came back a young waiter started to follow up on us. This waiter was "AWESOME!" NOT!!! The guy would only look at my girlfriend and never acknowledged me at all. I had to flag the guy down to get a refill on my drink because he would just ask my GF and leave. After waiting and losing our appetites we didn't even ask for dessert which is a part of the AYCE. We were so disgusted with the service that we just asked for the bill.Lastly, THIS IS WHY I GAVE THEM A ONE STAR...My bill came out to be $61.62 and because of the wait and the horrible customer service I DID NOT TIP THEM. SO TELL ME WHY AFTER A COUPLE OF DAYS MY ACCOUNT WAS CHARGED $72?!?!?!? Those ******** CHARGED MY CARD AN EXTRA $10.38 meaning they tipped themselves and FRAUDULENTLY CHARGED my card EXTRA!!!!At what point do they think they deserve my $10.38?!?!Never go to OYSHI SUSHI!!!! EVER!!!
5	I love this place ! I am a Sushi fanatic, and quite picky about my Sushi, when my son and I went to Oyshi, we were quite impressed with the friendly staff, the fast service, and the fresh Sushi ! This place is 5 stars to me and I will continue to recommend them to all my friends ! They are really busy so be prepared to wait a bit, but well worth it !Kellyann
4	Been going here for over a year now, after hearing that it was the LVRJ's editor's choice for Best of Las Vegas. Proximity to home was a big plus, of course!It will likely remain my favorite, but I was incredibly embarrassed last night when bringing friends from the UK there for dinner after talking the place up so much. The service was WAY off, although the food was still excellent. They recently opened a new location on Sahara, so I'm hoping that this was just a matter of a bunch of trainees not knowing what they were doing (everyone looked new and got orders wrong, not providing place settings until after food was already served, not knowing which tables ordered what food, etc.).Here's hoping that's all it was. I still suggest everyone give them a chance, as the actual food will not disappoint!
4	Sushi-great ; service- great music- wtf?? Electronic dance music during dinner?? Ugh this is not Sushi Samba! Totally out of place. Annoying atmosphere to say the least. Unfortunately my wonderful dinner was accompanied by aweful club style trap music.. Very disappointing.
5	Consistently consistent!  I have been coming here for at least 3 years now and still continue to bring out of town guests here.  We have had wonderful service whether we were dining for two or a table of 14.  Some of my local friends, who moved out of town still request Oyshi for their sushi cravings.  Now onto the food.  For $26 (dinner) AYCE, you get beyond your money's worth.  The menu offers a variety of appetizers, rolls, nigiri, and dessert. (Of course, sashimi is NOT included).  Some of my favorites include:Appetizers: oysters, mussels, rib eye, surf & turf, dynamiteRolls: Ian special, double screaming & love affairNigiri: SUPER WHITE TUNA!, hamachi (yellowtail) & salmonDessert: creme brule & green tea ice cream parfait.The overall restaurant has a great vibe, good energy/music, and attentive staff.  The last time we went here was a table of 14 and all of orders came out correct and in a timely manner.  Our server's name was Pink and she took wonderful care of us!
4	Yummy! Love this place but you can not get in for dinner without waiting. This place needs to expand or get a bigger space because a wait on a Tuesday night is not cool! Their food is really good and their portion sizes are good. Prices are fair, staff is nice, and restaurant has a nice contemporary atmosphere. The best time to go is lunch and they have some great lunch specials and menu. I love living close and being able to grab some food to go.
1	Not worth it. Portions are tiny, have to order twice, most of their rolls have 'Cajun' rub, not many choices for the price they offer. Our server was okay but alittle off. I first ordered gyoza and after getting everything we ordered I told him I never got my gyoza his response was, "I never heard u say that" clearly my girl friend I came with heard me and so I said ok can I get an order he walks away. Then we ask to order more, we put an order in for two more rolls, waited 10 mins he comes back and asks if we wanna order dessert so we order that and he brings them over so me and my friend look at each other confused bc we ordered two more rolls and he clearly didn't put that order in so we just paid and left. Totally by wort it and I recommend trying to ignore that server never even got his name! Yama on flamingo and Maryland is the best ayce sushi too bad they don't stay open late or we would of gone there!
4	I used to HATE this place!  Many visits a couple years ago...all with slow service, room temperature nigiri, etc.  This was actually one of the only places that I told people NOT to go to for sushi....and never understood why others liked it so much.A VERY reluctant lunch stop proved to be a much better experience this time around!A few highlights :Sea Scallops were awesome! Super fresh, buttery texture...melt in your mouth! Sake was very fresh today! Beautiful cuts of salmon....the Sake in Yuzu was very good as well, and not overpowering like yuzu can be sometimes.The Ika with Mint. I really enjoyed this combination...and it was noticeably less chewy than most. Ahi. Fresh, but another odd cut...the darker area was a bit tougher...should have been removed by the chef.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyshi-sushi-las-vegas?select=UnVcwLiUog_Lmr-ZkUaKwQ#UnVcwLiUog_Lmr-ZkUaKwQUnagi. Nice crispy edges...good flavor! Ahi Poke. Tuna was fresh, and the seaweed salad was good too!Sunomono. I liked their version here...thin cuts versus the larger circular cuts most use. The ginger sauce was good too.Green Tea Creme Brulee. Delicious! Lots of tea flavor here Service was fairly quick, considering their tables were mostly full.I would come back again now if I was already on this side of town :P
5	I am so shocked that this place only has 3.5 stars! I am normally not a fan of "all you can eat" anything...but Oyshi is an exception. AYCE sushi includes their ENTIRE menu- including sushi, sashimi, dessert, hot foods, and all rolls. The real kicker...it's only $28. I live in CA but each time we go out to Vegas we stop at Oyshi before hitting The Strip.Quick tip: If you sit at the bar they permit you to order half rolls.
5	This place is amazing! The fish is fresh and the service is great. I came for lunch and ordered all you can eat. Normally when I go out to eat sushi the all you can eat has a very limited menu. At Oyshi, the entire menu is all you can eat with the exception of sashimi. All you can eat is only 21$ for lunch and I left with a very full belly. I will deffinetly come back with friends!
5	My son and his girlfriend took me for dinner and told me that I was in for a real treat. Boy, they weren't kidding. I got the all you can eat and believe me, I did eat all I could eat. I actually moaned and groaned with each new dish. My favorite is the Japanese Lasagna,  it is to die for. My mouth waters just thinking about it. Anyway, I highly recommend this restaurant. So excited that you just opened up on Rainbow, my side of town. Love it
4	AYCE for the win! With some beer and good company, it'll be a great meal for any occasion.
5	I absolutely love this place! Its delicious and the staff are not only sweet and kind they are very very attentive to anything you need!I already went twice in a row last week and i cant wait for more! do the all you can eat sushi!My favorite roll ever is the DOUBLE SCREAMING ROLL with cucumber squeeze some lemons on top of it and it tastes even better~!! YUUMYou also MUST TRY my second favorite its a tad spicy but is so good...Lava Flow & as for plates the sizzling steak plate is delicious.
2	I've been to Oyshi many, many times and LOVED it! It used to be my go-to place. Recently, I went and ordered my usual nigiris and when everything came out, I was disappointed. The uni had bacteria over it and it was not safe to eat. My boyfriend and I snuck it out, so we could throw it away (we didn't want to pay for something we wouldn't eat or have them spit in our food because we sent it back). Since then, we have ventured out to numerous sushi places in Vegas. Our new favorite is Jjanga in Chinatown, it is always fresh and has amazing service.
4	Great food! All the sushi is nice and fresh. Great service. Only negative is how loud it can be with everyone talking. Must be the sake kicking in. LOL
4	I have always enjoyed Oyshi, ever since it opened years ago, I've been a huge fan! It was the first AYCE sushi place I had ever been to. And after all this time, they still serve up pretty yummy eats!AMBIANCE: 3 - The space is intimate, but at the same time, still pretty well lit. Usually has a good amount of people inside, I recommend calling in advance, especially with a big party.SERVICE: 4 - Service is okay, especially when you call in a big party reservation; everything came out fast and hot for our bday party celebration! It's also pretty fast seated at the bar.when you're not at the "party tables", regular service is a bit slow! I really hope they get better, but it's been that way for a while. Also, they charged full price for a kid under 10! Say whaa?! FOOD: 4 - I have a like/love relationship with the food. So I'll just tell you my absolute favorite dishes to order: Love Affair, Fresh Oysters, Baked Mussels, Japanese Lasagna Roll, Vegas Roll, Garlic Tuna nigiri, Oyshi Roll, Strawberry Mochi, Green Tea Ice Cream, and the Ahi Poke :) All delish and some of the best sushi around. Though, not a huge fan of all of the nigiri that they serve.Oyshi is always a fun time for me, so I hope that everyone that has a big reservation or sits at the bar feels the same way as well!
4	If you have a  Sushi craving stop here and squash it.  Its like $26 for all you can eat.  You have to finish everything you order, but man we eat so much Sushi I will not need to see Sushi for the rest of the year... Well maybe in a month or 2 I could enjoy some Sushi again.  Eveything tasted great and we all enjoyed it.  A party of 15 and everyone liked the place so I will be back :)
4	Very nice restaurant, usually always poppin' so you just have to be patient with their staff. I would recommend going late night if possible. Not only does all you can eat apply to just sushi, you can basically order anything on the menu (as many times as you want).Recommendations: Salmon Nigiri, Sweet n Spicy Pork
5	Love affair baked roll my favorite as well as Asian skirt sizzling plate. All you can eat is $26 and it is all delish. Don't forget you can order appetizers and dessert with all you can eat! Oh and large cold saki is enormous! Good for a few people
4	I love the food here no doubt but I wish they learned how to make the sushi faster D; I guess they do that on purpose so we don't eat as much or something but I'll still go back [:
2	Gave this place a shot because my friends are always raving about it. The hostess was friendly. We sat at the only two open seats at the bar. No greeting or anything so we left after about 8 minutes of awkward waiting. To their defense it was extremely busy. Maybe I'll give it another try when it's not so slammed..
2	A little disappointed considering all the great reviews. I will have to give them another try sometime on someone else's dime. It's your typical AYCE pricing & rules (literally had a rule menu!!) First off, came here with 5 people for bday dinner with an expected group of 10, they wouldn't let us sit at our table (which was already reserved and waiting patiently for us) until our entire group arrived. Finally!!! Were seated. No sever. No water, no edamame. Just a bunch of hungry thirsty bums still waiting. It took forever to get water and edamame. The menu was extensive but boring. Most of the combo rolls seemed similar to other combo rolls minus or add one insignificant ingredient. I did very much enjoy the pork belly. Even my Sapporo beer experience was ruined but my non-chilled glass. Did I mention I thought I was at a club with the music blasting techno? Geezus. Overall, it sucked.
5	Must do AYCE! Definitely worth the price. Not only is the sushi AYCE, but the full menu as well. So you can get appetizers with your sushi. Fish is always fresh, and VERY tasty rolls. good, quick, friendly service, lots of seating, can be busy and a lil loud at times, so call for big groups. But i cannot say anything bad about this place. I'm very surprised it only has 3.5 stars.
4	love the AYCE menu!
5	Omfg!   Everything from the wasabi to the rolls was FANTASTIC.   The sizes are cut appropriately small so you can thoroughly enjoy an AYCE experience.   Definitely will come here again on date nite with my wife.
5	I gave this place 5 stars, because i honestly believe this is the best buffet/Ayce for the price in Vegas. I have gone to this place for almost 3 years now. The best part about this place are the appetizers. I love the Shrimp on skewers, Rib Eye, Asian Skirt Steak, Ahi Poke, Gyoza, and many more....Over the years their portions have gotten smaller, but i understand because it prevents from wasting food..BTW you can always get more....Their fresh sushi is amazing as well, big pieces of fish with small rice, and their Baked Rolls are very tasty. my favorites is the Lobster Fair and the Paradise rolls. Word of advice try to get there early around 5 for dinner, or you can expect a long wait. Service is really good, and ambiance is great with a younger japanese themed feel....Oyshi is the only reason my wife wants to go to Vegas...
5	We were in Vegas a few months ago when a stranger told us about this place.  I remembered the name and we had time to try it out a few days ago.  We got there at about 8pm and on a weekday so it wasn't packed.  We had the best waiters though.  Service was excellent from the get go.  The people that work there are friendly and nice.  We ordered a few rolls and some appetizers to begin with.  We just took our time eating.  We weren't in a rush.  At times, we would take breaks and the waiter/waitress would check to see if we wanted to order anything.  All the rolls were fresh and tasty.  It's AYCE but they ask that you eat everything that you order.  Everything that we ordered was delicious.  We also ordered the seaweed salad and that was very nice.  The music is loud but it is also a place with a lot of energy.  I thought it was perfect.  We had a great experience and we will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place and my favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas.  The fish is always high quality and the appetizers and desserts are awesome and included in the price!
3	I wasn't really impressed with this sushi joint. Typical AYCE format, however, the rolls didn't taste fresh. The calamari was just empty breaded rings with tentacles here and there. At the end of the night, I ended up having more gas than a Texaco station. If someone lit a match, the joint would be flammable!
4	Very good sushi, love the cucumber salad as we'll.
4	Delicious AYCE sushi. I go here when I want to 1) avoid the crowds and travel time required for Yama and 2) eat some meat on top of the sushi. Oyshi offers a selection of non-sushi foods such as sizzling steak, spicy pork, etc. They also have more than just ice cream and mochi to choose from on their dessert menu.
3	This restaurant is always busy, so calling ahead will help with the long waits. They have a very large selection of sushi on the menu ranging from shashimi to baked rolls.  They have a wide variety of appetizers that come with the "All you can eat" menu.  If you like spicy rolls, go with the Nuclear Roll. It was by far my favorite of the night.  The staff was surprisingly on point with being attentive to as well, especially since it was a full house.
5	I don't know why this place doesn't have 5 stars. I am an avid sushi eater and this place is awesome! Really great rolls, good atmosphere!
5	I've been here about 4-5x and I am surprised to see this place only had 3.5/5 stars.  Very good as far as ayce goes. They really have some high quality rolls. I think I've had some better starters/appetizers at other ayce sushi spots but as far as rolls I cant think of any better places for ayce.
3	Service for some reason is always slow even when it's not busy...Sushi didn't taste so fresh this time. ..ordern n group messed up...Going back to YAma & Sushi on Rainbow
5	Great quality with great price.  Their dishes are more fusion Japanese than traditional, but I enjoyed it.  Sashimi grades are excellent
5	I love Oyshi Sushi! It's a fun environment with a great staff and excellent food! Love the half roll option with AYCE at the bar!
5	My favorite sushi spot in vegas! Always the most fresh fish and friendly service. I would suggest to always get the AYCE:)
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place to go to in Vegas. The sushi is always fresh and the Asian skirt steak is to die for! The service is usually pretty quick and very efficient. I eat here like once or twice a week.
3	This use to be my favorite sushi place and would have earned 5 stars. However, the last two times I've gone with my daughter I've been disappointed.  Not only did it take FOREVER to get our orders but the food was not the quality I've grown accustom to at Oyshi.  Some of the sushi tasted like it had previously been frozen -- not fresh at all.  I'm hoping it's just a blip in time as they opened a second location -- otherwise I'll have to find another place to call my "favorite sushi place".
2	I am a huge fan of sushi and usually always go for the AYCE option if one is available so I can try many different option. This is the first place I have gone where I was really disappointed. There were flies everywhere and the food just did not have that fresh flavor I am used to. All the items I tried were pretty bland and almost tasted stale. There are better sushi places around so I don't think I will be returning :(
2	I've been to this sushi place 3 times.. My first two experiences here were alright.. The all you can eat is at a reasonable price and the rolls were ok. But the third time I came in was this last week.. I was very disappointed.. First it took them forever to seat us and there wasn't a lot of people.. There was no one in line and they only had a few people in the restaurant. Then all around our service was bad. Our waitress took a long time to take our orders and once we were done with a dish multiple waiters and bussers would walk by and they still wouldn't take away our dirty plates.. Eventually the dishes just piled up. Even when they brought new rolls out they wouldn't take our plates away.. Then to top off a bad experience the sushi was subpar if that. We could tell the fish was previously frozen so it took away the flavor of the fish. I was very disappointed.. The whole experience was bad.
5	Sin City has always been my favorite sushi place and now Jessie is back even better Young, Jimbo, and everyone else ill see you soon:P
4	We decided to have a surprise birthday party for a friend, and she loves Oyshi!  So we arranged to have dinner in the private room, there was probably about 15 people with our party.  We enjoyed beer and sake, we then ate soooooo much amazing food! Everything was great! The staff was attentive and we all had a great celebration!
5	All you can eat... Check. Great quality fish... Check. Open for lunch... Bonus! We'll be coming back!
5	This place has something for everyone good seating great ambience The food is really good away from the sushi menu this is a great place to take the first time Sushi Eater to experience different flavors and if they still don't like  Sushi there appetizers and side dishes are amazing I recommend the surf and turf and all the desserts are excellent
5	Love this place! Been here over a dozen times. Staff is wonderful & attentive. Sushi is fresh. GREAT AYCE !!!! Great atmosphere with private rooms for party's. Expect to wait for a table during peak times. I'm not the only person who will go out of my way to eat here. The Mochi Ice Cream & the nuclear bomb roll are my FAVS... Num num.
5	Excellent sushi, as well as a variety of rolls and other menu items on the all you can eat.
1	This place has the worst hostesses , it is ridiculous how stupid  can be , they should take an IQ test and score at least 10% before they get hired anywhere to deal with people
5	This is my favorite sushi place between Tucson and Las Vegas!  Their AYCE has more options than most places, most of the menu is included, and the prices are incredibly reasonable, especially for Vegas.
4	Service is okay but the food is great! We always come to oyshi over any other sushi place in vegas! Their salmon lovers roll is incredible!
3	I love sushi and this was my first time here. All you can eat sushi? I said sign me up. I always, always try gyoza wherever I can and I wasn't disappointed here. The closest to my favorite restaurant.But unfortunately, the sushi was not as good. The spider roll was absolutely amazing but my next two rolls dynamite and catercheese left a lot to be desired. So overall good place. Nice atmosphere and attentive waitstaff. (could also order half rolls which they failed to mention right away) and decent food. I'd go again for the spider roll and gyoza
4	Best sushi for the best price! My recommendation is to get the all you can eat Buffett. My favorite roll are the rattlesnake and my husband's is the hot tamale. Hands down, rattlesnake is the best! I took off one star because the service is a hit or miss.
1	Rice was undercooked. Seriously, they handle rice for a living and yet no one knew?  And the salmon was old. Disappointing. I would've went to 808 Sushi but they don't open for lunch on Sundays......next time I'll stick to 808 Sushi.
3	This place is close to my parents' place in Vegas.  I came here with my mom around dinner on a Monday.  Not very crowded.  We ordered the AYCE.  The quality of fish is decent, they don't give you a lot of rice on the sushi which is good because that is a total filler when it comes to AYCE sushi.  The price is pretty good, its under $30/person for dinner.The service here was good, they check-in on us often, but were not overbearing.  The only thing that sucked was at the tables, they don't offer the half rolls.  It's only available at the sushi bar.  So, if you want half rolls, request to sit at the sushi bar.There wasn't anything that really stood out.  They have specials written on the chalk board in the front.  When we were there, they had a pork belly appetizer, which tasty good.  Nice and fatty, but it was a little chewy for my taste.This is good for the local area.  You don't have to wait as long as one that is closer to the Strip, but if I'm in this area and crave sushi, this is a good spot to go to.
4	I went to oyshi for lunch on a Friday and was immediately seated. The ambiance was beautiful.The food was really good with a wide selection of rolls . I love how the customize what goes on the rolls if you ask . The nigiri was really fresh but I've had better. What really stood out for me was the desserts Our server Julia was the bomb ! She was really friendly and answered all of the questions I had . Although she was quite busy , she still kept tabs on us and made sure our drinks were always full and our tables were cleared . Oyshi is definately a place you want to check out , from the food to the amazing service.
4	Oyshi Sushi Bar Restaurant is definitely a must go! I've been here three times since it has been introduced to me on July 5th of 2014. It obviously hasn't been that long ago and it has already taken my interest and satisfies my cravings! I love their Ayce pricing ($21 lunch/$26 dinner) and of course the all-you-can-eat selections! I highly suggest their yellowtail with pico de gallo, seaweed salad, fresh oysters, and shrimp tempura as starters to prepare you for this sushi selection like Kami Kaze, Dragon, Rock N' Roll, Catepillar, Treasure and etc. Seriously though, this place is amazingly delicious. My only complaint as to why I gave this place a four star instead of a five because customer service can take you a long way and two out of the three times I've been here was a little below fair. It took them almost 20 mins in order to finally give us some attention and take our second order, they didn't refill our drinks unless asked and our wait for our entree was quite some time. Asides that, the food is heavenly mouth-watering and the AYCE pricing is good!
4	yyyuuummmmmmyyy
4	Glad to say that Oyshi Sushi definitely gave me a good first impression! Although, the reason why I took a star off because my friend and I had to wait for a long time to get our sushi, we were a little irritated. Then again, it was definitely worth the wait. Best sushi I've tasted yet! Can't wait for my second time; highly recommend this place!
5	Great food and good prices. lve never had bad service even when they're jam packed, servers are attentive and prompt. Sashimi platter and Poke are my faves from here
5	We went here on a Tuesday night as a recommendation by a few friends and it was amazing!!! As young parents we hardly get to go out on date nights but this place made it possible to have a great time, delicious AYCE (we did mainly half rolls to try a combo), a few drinks ( MON/TUES BUY 1 get one FREE SAKES), have an adult convo, and still be home to tuck baby in!  The rolls were delish! Definitely will be back!!
5	Best sushi that I ate so far since I moved here from Maui. Cool atmosphere and service are excellent. I give this place a 10... I will be back soon with wifey when she get here..Mahalo Oyshi!! You make me feel that I'm home in Maui :)
5	Ahhhhh, Oyshi, my favorite sushi place.I don't really like raw fish and I looooveee Oyshi's large selection of baked.Not too expensive so far as sushi goes, and it is very good quality.I've been coming here for years and love it!
5	Oyshi is my go to ayce, they are always consistent with quality, taste and service.  I always get Monster roll, tiger roll, NYI roll, sibuya, Love affair, surf&turf app, beef asparagus app, gyoza, uni, ikura, unagi, and usually try some specials, The green tea creme brulee and tiramisu are very good, and I'm not usually a dessert person.  These guys are always on point! I love Oyshi Sushi!
4	Great service, everything tasted great, if you sit at the bar an have all you can eat you can have half orders of rolls, which you can not do at the table.
5	The BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI PLACE in town! It was recommended to me by my boss when it first opened a couple years ago and ever since we have not gone anywhere else when it comes to sushi. Firstly, the service is great everyone is very friendly and serves us in a timely matter however we prefer sitting a the bar since we can order half rolls. Def worth $30/per person!!
5	All I gotta say CHI is the shiz net when it comes to his creations and sushi.  AYCE sushi is so bomb there.  Best appetizers in town, went to plenty of sushi joints, by far oyishi our #1 spot.
5	One of the best sushi we ever had!! We live in Germany and ate here once. We even want to make a reason to go back to Las Vegas just to eat at Oyshi Sushi. The staffs are friendly, sushi was prepared fresh. I envy all of you who live in Las Vegas so you can come and eat here more often.
1	If you want to receive any of your rolls in under 20 minutes don't go here. Went on a Tuesday night and it took forever to get even some soup (13 minutes). I didn't know one of the rolls had mushrooms in it which I'm allergic to, and instead of being more considerate the waitress argued with me and said I should have read a different part of the menu where it have the description. I didn't know the roll was In the menu in two different places so I was a little upset. She ended up charging us for two all you can eats even though I only got miso soup because when I got the roll and took a bite I got sick. So I really paid 27$ for miso soup. She could have had the courtesy to charge him for his all you can eat and me for just my soup. Won't be coming here again. Rude server and roll took 20 minutes to get to me anyways.
3	They have some of the best rolls I have ever tried, but their nigiris aren't the best. Their fish probably isn't as fresh as some other places but it's still decent. Some of my favorite rolls from Oyshi are the Snow Mountain Roll & the Kamikaze Roll. Not bad for lunch for $21
2	Food was ok. Very poor service. Took a long time just for appetizers. Rather go to the new location on west Sahara.
2	Was craving sushi. Unfortunately service last Saturday night was just so so. Usually we would get very good service; server making suggestions, upbeat, or checking on us. Usually we love the service there. Unfortunately, our server hardly checked on us. I even had a leaking water glass. It was leaking all over my mat and pants when I drank. We couldn't flag our waiter. He was walking by bar & front. Not attending to anything really. Not checking on us. Saw I think the manager looking at us, but he didn't do anything. I was able to flag another waitress about my glass. She was real nice & apologetic. She replaced my glass & mat. Anyway, we ordered our favorite Lobster Afair roll & Tiger roll. Although we thought our Lobster tasted more like the Love Afair roll which had crab instead of lobster. It was okay though. We just ate it. We asked our waiter for a recommendation after finishing our rolls, and wanted a spicier roll and he suggested Nuclear bomb roll, which was good. We ordered dessert. Green tiramisu to go & I wanted green tea ice cream. The waiter then suggested the green tea parfait. To me it was just okay. Our waiter asked me how it was (when I had a spoonful of ice cream in my mouth) & I nodded. Anyway, when we left, he or nor anyone said goodbye or thank you. Just odd. Service was kind of cold that night. A bunch of them were standing around. Might start trying different sushi places from now on. I heard Goyemon sushi is much better (excellent sushi). Just they usually have a 30-60 minute wait time. Anyway will try there next time.
1	This place is the perfect example of why I stopped going to AYCE sushi bars.  Lot's of our orders never showed up and the ones that did took forever. the Quality of the food  =   . I should have known better
5	Love this place!Great food and atmosphere.  Nice selection on All You Can Eat menu.  Only minor drawback is that I wish they served smoked salmon, but the rest of the food more than makes up for it not being on the menu.  Always my go to spot for sushi!
5	Very nice sushi place, enjoyed it with my wife very much. A fun atmosphere. Will return soon.
4	Great AYCE. More of a sushi fusion restaurant. Great place to take friends new to sushi. Their rolls are unique and the menu is very easy to read. The atmosphere is modern. Service is great 75% of the time. We have had a few servers that are slow and inattentive, but if you let management know they are very nice. I love the green tea tiramisu! Delicious.
4	As usual- did not fail to deliver absolutely delicious sushi.   If I were to move to Vegas I think I would be here every other day. I had the Red Snapper- deliciousTuna- was pretty good, lacked the clean crisp tasteYellow Tail- was soft and refreshingThe nigiri pieces were cut oddly shaped this time.  Not too bad ok the thickness, however, was cut slender widths.I also had the Sunrise, Sexy, Iris, My Favorite rolls.The Iris I think was my favorite,  fresh tasting, correct amount of proportions and very good wrapping technique.The rice being used is tasteful and holds great flavor.  The only thing I would say could be improved is the decor- lay out is good,  but a fresh look and brightening could liven up the over all experience.
2	This place has changed a lot since I first went there. Uni- I know not to expect too much from ayce uni, but the uni came out grey and slimy. Oysters- the oysters were nice and big. They tasted fresh, and not overpowered with sauce. Probably the best dish. Surf & turf - bland and flavorless. The shrimp was super rubbery due to being over cooked.AGEDASHI TOFU- fried to a crisp, so when you cut into it.. the entire batter falls off. It should be light and easy to swallow.NIGIRI- fish quality was decent, but filled with a lot of rice. The amaebi tasted ok, but there is a part of the shrimp head that they don't clean off and discard. This makes it very difficult to enjoy, and sharp on the gums. Asparagus Beef- asparagus wasn't shaved down enough at roots, so you get the bad stringy part stuck in your teeth if it's possible to even bite off. Beef and asparagus, shrimp skewers - very dry, overcooked, flavorless. ( a waste of stomach space )Overall, really nothing special anymore. They don't allow half rolls which is unusual at an ayce spot. They seem to have cut the ayce app menu down a bit too. The service was good, and attentive. However, I would rather stick to umiya for ayce. They have a larger selection with much better quality.
5	Simply spectacular. First time here and I was very happy when I left. The white tuna was perfect. Vince was our server and he was so pleasant. We was so friendly and not overly present, but there before we even knew we needed him. Plates were constantly cleared from the table and the orders were brought out in a timely manner. I am definitely recommending this place to people I know. Especilally for their AYCE sushi. Two thumbs up, Oyshi!
4	Always a crowd pleaser . Excellent service and foods.  Always having the Rib Eye Teriyaki appetizer and the Double Salmon.  Everyone I bring here never complain,  in fact sometimes we might eat here twice in one day !
4	I live on this side of town and for an AYCE and high volume restaurant the service and quality is great! There is often a wait at prime dinner times but that a good sign if you ask me :-) We often do our girls nights here and I don't see that changing any time soon!
4	I love this place. 2 blocks from my house. I would give 5 stars, but the waitress must have been new cause I have to keep asking for stuff.  Can I get a lunch menu? Can I get wasabi with my sushi? Lol. How u forget that?  I still love the food. This was the first time the severs was ok, not great.
4	one of my favorite sushi places! The all you can eat is at a great price. they have a huge selection and always have great specials! The rolls are unique! The staff is always kind. Thought I do have to agree with previous reviews that the service can be slow - my advice is know what you want and order a lot at once! They will bring it over as its ready. Plus we always sit at the sushi bar so you don't have to wait for a waitress to bring it to you :) There is usually a short wait but I've never waited more than 15minutes even on a Saturday night. ... For the price point, you cannot beat it!! delicious! and the atmosphere is very upbeat!
5	This sushi place is both mine and my husbands #1 choice! We are both huge sushi lovers, and have tried many sushi places and this is by far the best one. We start of by getting an appetizer each and 5-6 rolls and a dessert for each and our bill always comes out to less than $60! Def worth every cent! Music is great, staff very friendly the whole atmosphere makes us keep going back! Makes it very hard to want to try a new place.
4	You have to come and experience one of the best all you can eat sushi bars in Las Vegas . People I am telling you that this is quality sushi .. Not cheap crap. QUALITY .. The appetizer menu is also available for all you can eat . It's the best ! I go nowhere else when I am in Vegas for All you can eat sushi .
1	First off I'd like to start off with how AMAZING the food is. I can't complain about that. I honestly think they have the best menu in Vegas! It's my go-to spot for Sushi. They get 10 stars on the food! As for the service, I don't know where to start. Don't get me wrong the servers are nice, never get an ugly attitude with them BUT they are so incompetent. Each and every single one of them. I'm not sure if they were trained that way but I get that experience with them every single time I come in. I feel like they forget to put my order and that's why they come by and ask what "I'm waiting for.." It never fails! I am a server myself so I know how it can get sometimes... BUT it is so ridiculous that I get the same experience every time. I almost think that they're doing it to me on purpose, and I usually tip on 18-20% but this last time I just couldn't do it.  So the one star is for the service but the food is AAAAMAAZING!  If you're willing to try delicious food on terrible service I'd suggest you try Oyshi.
4	Starting to become fond of this place. Always treated with great service, and great food! Spicy Tuna Roll is one you cant miss out on! And there pot stickers have a unique taste, and this really mind blowing with the sauce!
5	I've been here too many times to not write a review.Service has always been great. Every waiter/waitress that have waited on my party and I have been attentive and polite.  We usually come here for dinner/late night. Our orders were always correct and it comes out pretty quick...I'd say within 10-15 minutes.We ALWAYS order the ATOMIC BOMB ($11). And yes...it's bomb dot com. We also order the usual spicy tuna roll. Here at Oyshi they make one of the best spicy tuna rolls. Some spicy tuna rolls are not even spicy...but here, there's a great kick to it. We've also tried other rolls like Japanese Lasagna, Heart Attack ($9-13) and a few others. Didn't really leave a lasting impression. A few days ago, we tried the LOVE AFFAIR ($13?) (recommended by my fellow Yelpers here, thank you, by the way) and it was yummy!!!! Soooo now I got a new roll added to my usual two.Can't wait to be back! Never disappoints! =)
4	This place is one of the best ayce sushi places in vegas. In the past I would go to Yama, but I recently moved to south vegas and wanted something closer. My friend and I tried Oyshi and I think this place gives Yama a run for the money. Things that stood out is the raw oysters and surf n turf.  All the sushi was good for ayce style, and the rice was in the nigiri wasn't hard and didn't fall apart like other ayce places. The negative aspects was that the service was a little slow for me, and they brought me one piece of yellow tail that looked like it had been sun bathing out back for the afternoon. Otherwise this place is great, and I'll be returning soon.
3	Hands down, the food is amazing!   That's why we come here, but you have to come at odd hours because the servers suck whether you sit at the bar or in the restaurant.   If you come when they are busy, the service is a D at best.  They act like their head is in the clouds.  But for food, love the atomic bomb, love affair,  dynamite roll, etc.  I could keep going and love the all you can eat.  They just need help with how to be a good food server.
5	We love it , we go few times every month , it's clean and have fun environment. The food is good and come very fast .Everyone there is very nice and friendly .
5	Great food , great price for the all you can eat deal.The sushi rolls are fresh and really tasty.Even the appetizer are great and after 1hr of eating ;) we are full.This our sushi place in this area !
1	Let me start of by saying that my hubby and I use to come here often until we moved closer to the other Oyshi location on Sahara (which btw is awesome). I was shocked at how much the service has changed since we last came. The hubby and I came for ayce dinner and were seated right away since we came at a good time. That was about all that was good about our time there. After being seated the waiter took our drink order and brought us our drinks. We then placed our order for 3 sushi rolls. 30 min later we left without getting any of the rolls. This is why. The table across from us who came in about 10 min received a ton of food both sushi and cooked food from the kitchen promptly after ordering while we received nothing. Our waiter kept on telling us our food was coming over and over again but NOTHING EVER CAME!! Sad really! Never coming back to this location again and DO NOT recommend this place at all!! Service is horrible and can not even tell you if the food here is still good. Really wish I could just give this location no stars!
2	This is the 3rd time here and it still is a 2.5 star, 3 star at best. Service is terrible, food is either sweet or salty. I was hoping it would improve. Its consistently bad.
5	Went here for my birthday. IT WAS AWSOME!!!Food: 5 stars!I used to not like sushi. But I decided to give it another try, see if I'll change my mind. After our visit, I discovered MY NEWFOUND LOVE!! Sushi!!!Price: 5 stars!Prices were reasonable. We went for their all-you-can-eat that costed about $26/person. I must say, we ate so much I think the store will go bankrupt! Jk. Service: 5 stars! Our server was also very nice. He always checked in on us to see if we're doing good. Very polite and quick. It seems like all of the servers there were.Worth the time and money. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!
2	I'm disappointed with the service I got tonight during my "AYCE" experience here. I understand that it can get busy here and there, but it would be nice to have your server check up on how things are going. NOT once did our server check on our table and we waited about 15 minutes per order.. Horrible! -_- 2 stars for the bus boys!
4	This place is pretty cool! This is my second time and pretty impressed! The sushi was really good and creative and the sizzling meat dishes are off the hook! Nice vibe and for lunch the $10 special is way too much good stuff to eat!!
5	Great service and great food. First time at Oyshi's tonight! All you can eat ice cream! Hell yeah
3	I went here the other night because I wanted to try their dessert. It looked delicious! I spent hours looking at the menu items at their other location. It appears the Sahara location will have other menu options which is odd since they are owned by the same owner, but it may that they have different nightly specials. I really liked the quail egg sushi. It is a raw egg, but it tastes sunny side up egg which is perfect since I love egg yolk! I have heard that this place has horrible sushi, but it wasn't bad at all. I did not like their special of the day which was negotori (I'm not sure if that's correctly). When we looked it up, it said it was fatty tuna. When it did arrive, it was not solid and the rice tasted heavily of sesame oil. They did have white tuna, I do love that they also have a other options like their steak, surf and turf, spicy pork. I usually like to order a ton of appetizers and non sushi. Their tempera batter was okay. It wasn't as crispy and crunchy as I would have liked. It was the same thing with the calamari.  I did not like the green tea tiramisu. It was very very wet. I do not like that you are only allowed to order one dessert per person.
3	It's pretty decent, not that I had high expectations for it. It's my first time just now because I had heard bad things about it a long time ago (quality of fish mostly). There's nothing special, in my opinion, but my friend wanted to come to try one of their desserts (IKR?). They only allow you to pick one dessert item (not including unlimited ice cream, though). Another friend stated when they came before they didn't have this restriction. Well, looks like it was just mochi ice cream for me then, which comes only in strawberry, by the way. They have some daily specials so check out that list on the way to your table. Fish wasn't as shabby as anticipated so that was a plus. I love salmon nigiri but theirs wasn't too good, actually. So I definitely ate less than usual in that department. In terms of hot tea, they charge you $2.50 for the pot at the table so I'm thankful it wasn't $2.50 per person :). Overall, it's pretty much a just as expected / average place for me. In this area, it's not my to-go place for ayce sushi but hey, this visit just means I won't say no if another friend wants to eat here. :0)
2	Horrible dining experience.  Service was extremely slow. Ayce sushi but I got full with hot tea waiting for the slow food. Never coming back.
4	I go to Oyshi on a consistent basis, as I live just down the street. The food is always delicious and fresh, although I feel the AYCE is a tad overpriced for dinner as there are some odd restrictions (only one dessert per customer except for ice cream, etc.). The service is hit or miss; it's either excellent and quick, or exhaustingly slow. I usually do AYCE, but order mostly appetizers. The gyoza are fresh, crispy and delicious. The Asian Skirt Steak is wonderful. The Chicken Yakitori is also on my favorites list. As far as sushi rolls are concerned, I've always ordered the Crunch Shrimp Tempura roll. No complaints about the food, except for the cut pieces are sometimes too big to eat one piece at once.
2	We thought we'd try this place instead of going to our usually sushi spot, what a mistake that was! The service is terrible, we had a server that was just wondering around like a lost puppy. Our waters were empty on several occasions and I had to ask twice how much longer it would be until we got our sushi and then was given the confused "let me go check" look. Also, we were told they only did half rolls at the bar, which makes no sense! The sushi was mediocre at best. In a town full of great places to eat, skip this one and go somewhere else.
5	This place is amazing. we will never go to another all you can eat sushi restaurant .we've been there over 20 times always had consistency with the food experience . The fish is always fresh, Green mussel are amazing.The all you can eat menu is very large... Yummy yummy.
3	This place has been solid in the past- since all the new managers have come in the service is not as good- food still remains above average.
4	More like three and a half, but I'll be nice.Got here on a Friday night, no reservation. It was super busy, we waited about 25 minutes. We didn't mind the wait, we were pretty excited to try somewhere new. Our waiter immediately took our drink orders, and then asked if we'd like to order. All three of us got all you can eat, so we could try a bunch of stuff together. We got edemame, chicken yakitori, muscles, raw oysters, gyoza, yellowtail nigiri, miso soup, and a few rolls. The raw oysters were outstanding. Soooo fresh and good! The chicken was tasty, the muscles were fresh and not too much sauce,  the edemame was steamed perfectly. The nigiri was a little different, but tasted okay. The tiger roll and the screaming roll were only okay. An OVERLOAD of rice, it was almost astonishing. Like holy shit, that's a lot of rice, bro. The hawiaan and whatever rolls my friend got were pretty tasty. Overall, it's worth it just for the appetizers. I'll come back to try different rollsBy the way, when my friend got a refill on her sprite, he came back and she said that the syrup was all out, it just tasted like soda water. He was confused. Did she want another one? Uhm. Yeah. So he went into the kitchen, literally stood there for a few seconds, and came back and gave her the SAME glass. Oh boy. Other than that weird mishap, service was pretty good.
3	Ate here for a quick bite before doing my nails next door. Ate some sushi and some seaweed salad. I have had some amazing sushi so I have yet to taste something that compares. So it was good but not something to remember. However the seaweed salad was great! They were very polite and sat us quickly because we were in a rush. Prices were good. I saw that they have all you can eat sushi. Clean environment and food service overall.
3	I remember this being my favorite place when I was needing an after gym food sesh.  Back in high school.  It seems like it's gotten more unprofessional and not as yummy as. Before. Its a bit pricey and better looking than better tasting.  This isn't a terrible foodie place, but there are better priced and better tasting sushi joints in vegas
4	Always great food. The dining area can get a little noisy when they are busy. They have private areas for big groups. The waiting area up front is limited and uncomfortable little stumps are all you have options to sit on. The bathrooms are routinely unkept and slightly dirty. Great all you can eat deals.
4	Everything is so fresh here. One of our favorite sushi places in Las Vegas. The service is pretty good, sometimes you'll wait a bit to see your server during times. I would have done 5 stars but they don't offer any military discounts, so 4 stars is still good!
5	By far the best sushi we have ever had! Everything was fresh from the sea urchin, salmon belly, to tuna. The service was great to. The waiter (i wish i cpuld remember his name) was very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. We will definitely come again!
1	Wow, our food took 25 minutes in between each dish.  Don't know if this is a gimmick they use for all u can eat so people can get mad n leave n don't eat lots of their food.  I'm not coming again.  Good or not, it was a waste of my time sitting and waiting for food.
4	I'm not too sure I agree with the bad service comment people have mentioned, but then again maybe they've stepped up their game since then....But I experienced great service and the sushi was the best I have had since moving here from SoCal. Plus the price was pretty decent for all you can eat. Make reservations on weekends though as there may be a long wait.
5	This place was amazing. The service was great - super fast. And the Sushi! So good. The All You Can Eat is totally worth it.
5	They don't put the server name on the check, other wise I would be bragging about how great his service was.  Seated quick and served quicker, although he did not think we got our food fast enough and took care of the first round of drinks.  Great experience, especially after our first stop.
1	the hostess is rude and the service over all is extremely poor. It took over 1 1/2 to eat lunch. They did not have the lunch specials available nor did they have mochi ice cream. The customers next to us order gyozas and so did I. They sat down after us but still received their food before us. Also, we order their ice cream parfait and it took at least 15+ minutes to receive it. I would not recommend eating here!
1	One hour wait. Okay this place has to be somewhat of a decent AYCE sushi. No. Just honestly go next door to Soyo and save your $27 bucks. We finally sat down and didn't see the waitress again for another 15 minutes. We ordered a couple random rolls, a bunch of sushi, and appetizers. So the rolls we're just rolls. I'm not really a fan for rolls. The food runner finally gave us sushi and didn't even know what was what. Food runner: Heres your octopus...Me: Thats not octopus. Food runner: oh sorry, red snapper. Me: That's not red snapper. Food runner: Ohh.... *walks away... It was actually surf clam. Learn your sea creatures if your going to work at a sushi place! The sushi was not fresh. All of them were small and slightly fishy. The uni was literally orange brown and tasted so weird I couldn't eat it. I think then only thing I enjoyed was the miso soup. Service needs to be a lot better too. I know now the only reason why we waited a hour was because they took forever to clean the tables around us!
4	got the AYCE... overall is good... sashimi r not included in AYCE, and cant get half order of the rolls...
3	I ordered a la carte, and when I first looked at the menu, I thought to myself, "The pricing is on the in-expensive side". Then the food arrived. The cuts of fish were smaller than I am used to. So taking portion size into account, the a la carte pricing is fair. Which leads to this point: I think that part of the draw of this place is that they have an "AYCE" (All-You-Can-Eat) menu. The AYCE price is equivalent to what I paid for my a la carte meal (as described below).As for my experience, I ordered: miso soup with clams; a California roll; tuna sushi, salmon sushi, Cajun tuna sushi, and halibut sushi. These are standard items, and I felt it would provide me with good gauge of the quality of their fish. The quality of the fish was very good.Would I go again? Sure. But I would go for the AYCE.BTW... the kitchen closes at 1:30am most nights (check the site for operating hours). Not bad for the suburbs.
4	I usually come here on Fridays and Saturdays and the service is great, the foods great, and waiting time may be long but hostess is pretty nice & updates when the wait time has gotten shorter. I would recommend eating here.
5	My favorite sushi place!! The all you can eat has so many options, and is the best in town for cooked/fried/baked rolls in my opinion! The AYCE also has great options like surf and turf and tempura for those who are not too crazy about the rolls. Food is always fresh, staff is always friendly. Been going here for years, and it's still my favorite in town!
