5	Stopped by Citizen today with my Dad. I frequented this spot a few times when it was Lola. Love that there are more pastries now and it was fun watching the new in-house baker do her thing behind the counter. The Hive with almond milk was the best non-dairy latte I've ever tasted! Dad gave his scone 5 stars. Great job! Looking forward to seeing what happens with this shop in the future.
2	This is Lola's coffee with a new a new sign and ruder people.  My coffee was awful.  Thank goodness is was just an espresso shot, so the pain was short lived.  I felt I was taking medicine.  The place has not changed much.  It could have potential, but I don't need to come back.
2	I went here when it was Lola and shortly after it became Citizen. They still served Lola coffee and it was just fine and dandy and I went back a few times. I'm not sure what changed but we ordered a Blanco (or whatever they call it) and a Hive on 4/30. The Blanco tasted like a slightly sweetened drip coffee. Or like they were pulling all four shots from the same pod. I make espresso's at home and this was a very similar taste to when you run a pod multiple times. I hate giving bad reviews but I feel like this should be noted. I was crunched for time that morning. If I weren't I would have turned around and returned the coffee (I have only done that once in my life).
5	Sure I went to an espresso bar and got a brewed cup but hey, drip, drip, drip.   It was a nice relaxing cup from a nice guy at the counter.  My wife and I we working on the computers and enjoying the music and coffee.  She even decided to add it to one of her 1000 smiles.  http://deborahapeters.com/category/blog/1000-ways-to-smile/
5	Wonderful Espresso Shop! Local, high service and excellent coffee. :)
3	While my iced white mocha was a little syrupy for my taste, I typically come back just for the whipped cream, so it's nice to know that's still there. Equally is awesome is that the place just doesn't feel as cold and sterile anymore. I was actually quite sad I was ordering to do and didn't have time to sit and relax some.
5	Love this! Not only am I overwhelmed at having so many vegan/GF options, but they still serve Lola coffee, which I am a big fan of.Great atmosphere. The baristas are more friendly than they were at the Lola, to be quite honest. I went twic elast week and had two perfect lattes, and some wonderful vegan desserts!
5	Nice coffee shop! Didn't find it on Google Maps, though...
4	I'm having a seriously hand time remembering to stop saying "Lola's", but I'm working on it.  I've been there twice in the past week, since our move back to Phoenix... ahhh... it's good to be home.  First visit? I was actually a little underwhelmed.  No engagement from the baristas, and sadly discovered that they don't have dome lids for their iced drinks.  You probably don't see why this is a problem, except for I was balancing a baby and had to try and carry my Matador (no longer on the menu, but have them make it for you anyways!) to the car with no lid.  Eek!  Babies love to grab stuff, and whipped cream is no exception.  Luckily, I was a bit better informed for the second visit.  The customer service more than made up for the previous lackluster trip.  I ordered a couple of drinks, and asked for a little whipped cream in a different cup, so I could carry it all safely (still had a baby in tow).  I'm pretty sure that the barista is my new best friend - because he filled a whole cup up with their ah-MAY-zing espresso whipped cream for me.  Delish!  This spot has great seating, an awesome vibe, and usually friendly service.  Don't skip the whipped cream - but be prepared to suck it down if you need to put a lid on it!
3	I was driving to the store and saw the sign for Citizen.....Right away I knew I needed to try this place as part of the Coffee Tour of Phx... (ftw). I made a u turn and stopped in. The space is cute, I like all of the colors and the little 'bar' area that looks out over central. I felt that the latte was just ok, not bad, but nothing special. The milk didn't have that creamy mouth feel that you get from a good latte and the first sip was a bit bitter (subsequent sips were a little better). I understand they use Lola coffee, but I think the difference is in the baristas. I also tried their blueberry scone....I thought it was way too wet and sweet for a scone, more like a flat muffin. Not really for me. I don't think I would go out of my way to get coffee here.
5	Excellent iced Americano! Very nice "a3deh"! (Arabic for setting)
2	not a very experienced barista. the place is roasting hot and the service was just meh. I didn't get a very complicated drink. just asked for short shots and didn't get them. I really don't see what all the fuss is about. I think i like the place up the street better.
4	I love their black and white coffee.  Super yummy!
1	I love this place. The decor is great, the baristas are knowledgeable, everything seems great. But the most important thing, the coffee, sucks. Its so bitter and nasty. I have been in here like five times because I think its going to be different, but its not and its so sad. They really need to shine with Lux being just down the street. They need better coffee. Plain and simple.
5	I give Citizen Espresso 5 stars because their coffee is BOMBtastic. I really dig the fact they offer other options than the normal super sugary coffee drinks. I Love love Love their Honey Lattes(Just honey, no other sugar). They also offer a Hive Espresso drink(Vanilla and Honey) and Royal Espresso(Vanilla, Honey, and Cinammon). Both of which are amazing.  Aside from their kick butt coffee, the atmosphere is cool, and the staff is always friendly. I would come here everyday if I had the chance.
5	My wife and I have been going to this spot for a while at least once a week and still have not been disappointed by any of the coffee drink choices! Since they have introduced 'The Hive' I must say I'm addicted to it! The staff are great and always friendly with a relaxed atmosphere never over packed where you can think or talk to the people your with. They added some out door seating which I'm looking forward to once it gets a little cooler out, 110 degrees is a little to hot lol. Overall one of my favorite java spots!
1	The worst coffee I have ever had! Poured from a pitcher sitting in the fridge, watered down and coffee grounds?! I had to throw it away after gagging. This should not be served to the public. WARNING don't waste your money!
2	I paid almost 8 dollars for a mocha latte and a bagel and cream cheese. The coffee was good but not disappointing; the bagel was a Costco bagel. I used to be a regular when it was Lola's, and then Citizen before management changed. It's just not worth the price when there are other places to go that are also barely adequate but cheaper.The wifi didn't work using both my phone and laptop. I came here to do homework. Thankfully, I jailbroke my phone so I can tether my phone to my laptop to get an internet connection.The chairs are cheap and uncomfortable.Maybe I'm in a grumpy mood. Whatever. I'll give it another try in a few months.If I want to pay $8 for a pastry and coffee, I'll go to Lux, where the internet also doesn't work, but at least they'll have fresh pastries and excellent coffee.And the Central Phoenix coffee shops used to be so great...
3	Eh...staff is friendly, very little to choose from on menu, 0 honey means no bees, must all be at Lux
4	I really enjoy the decor and atmosphere here. Comfy couches, great coffee, lots of outlets for us computer-dwellers. I had the tomato basil quiche...it was good, but it was around 2 pm so it probably would have been really good this morning. I have never been here in the morning hours, so I don't know how hectic it gets or what the service is like when it's busy, but it's great for a midafternoon study spot.
3	I had hoped this locally owned place would "wow" me. Sadly, Citizen Espresso Bar doesn't get my vote.Of the two baristas, only one could crack a smile. The iced latte was slightly bitter and the Jewel's mini lemon cupcake would have been MUCH better had it been fresh, not refrigerated.I found my pleather chair to be comfy and I might have wanted to sit in it longer to catch up on some work, but I couldn't get a WiFi connection to save my life. And what's up with the non-stop Led Zeppelin being piped in through the speakers? I like them, but it seemed an odd choice for a coffee spot.To be diplomatic about it, I'll just say Citizen's has room for improvement and leave it at that.
4	I really liked this place. Good atmosphere and music. Wish the wifi worked. A little pricey for the coffee but it was definitely worth it. The scone.. All I have to say is Starbucks doesn't even compare.
5	Great coffee and the WiFi works great. They have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. I enjoy the music they play here too.
5	Great place to study and nice atmosphere! The coffee isn't to shabby either! ;-)
1	Although the pastries were stale, we liked the location enough to approach them about hosting an event there for our group.  Booked it a month in advance, talked to them twice, was clear about what we wanted, they said they'd  be happy to stay open late for us considering the size of our group.  They cancelled on us the day of the event, the new owner claimed she had not been informed of our event, refused to honor the agreement made by her employee.  We moved our event to Dennys and spent several hundred dollars there instead.
1	So this place has been through the wringer.  The whole daughter/mother fight and who is running the place played out all over the media.  I didn't know any of that when I started going here.  If it were still the way it was when I first started going there then I'd give it four or five stars for sure........sadly for them I didn't write my first review here until I had a bad experience.  I started going to Citizen Espresso Bar because they carried Jewel's Cupcakes baked goods.  I am gluten free and they had an extensive line of Jewel's products along with their beverage choices.  My husband and I would come in and grab some Joe and a little treat and I'd be SOOOOOOOOOOO happy that I could eat a cupcake or roll with my coffee.  I can't do that at about 99 percent of coffee shops around Phoenix.However, again this past fall, there is a switch up of who is in charge and now I cannot get any gluten free products now.  Now I wait again until someone gets on the ball and offers all of us gf peeps a place to get our treat on WITH our java.When I asked about it I was snubbed and told that they were making all of their products now and gf wasn't going to be an option.  Well, I determine where we go for coffee and treats due to the fact that I need to be able to eat so...they lose all of our family business.
5	Great coffee and great service. A great place to hang out with friends and family :-)
1	So disappointed with the changes! I asked for my favorite when it was Lola's, and when it changed to Citizen it was on the menu. The Barista's response was "what's that? After ordering sat down and started my meeting. In the past they'd bring coffee to your table when no line. Instead she walked to our table to tell us they were ready at the counter. Same amount of steps to bring them over. Unlikely we will be back. Too bad. Location and atmosphere was great for meeting new clients. Best thing about it was the swirl on the coffee and large tables for working!
3	Nice inviting location. The layout of the place makes you feel at home. making you wanting to hang out. Staff was nice and quick. Coffee is strong, but nothing special. $4 for a large latte is a bit high, but on par with most coffee shop prices. I will be back.
5	Recently discovered this gem. Cool loft-like space, good coffee, and great people watching with an eclectic urban mix that makes me feel like I'm in a real city.  This is the kind of place that makes you want to pick up a magazine, find a comfy chair, and settle in for the long haul.
3	This has become one of my favorite local coffee shops to frequent on the weekends when I need to get out. It's conveniently located on the west side of Central, just south of Camelback (look for the low green building). They have free WiFi, a clean bathroom, outside seating, seating by the windows, ample electric plug-ins for your electronic toys, and some comfy seats inside. The patio is dog-friendly. The baristas I've encountered here aren't all that friendly, the cookies are too hard, and while the drinks I've had are tasty you have to ask what's in them. Just seeing "Hive" or "Royal" on the board tells me nothing about what's in the drink. At least give me a hint. I usually don't have a hard time finding a parking space, but depending on what time you go on Saturdays you may have a hard time. I'm sure I'll still come here. I've enjoyed some other places a little better, but I've also had worse.
4	There is really nothing special about this coffee shop, but I enjoy it for a few personal reasons:-They nearly always play music that matches my tastes-There is a nice tall chair area to sit and read a book while looking out the window as the Metro Rail passes by-It's not Starbucks (a reason I like every coffee shop that isn't Starbucks)Only issues:-Slightly overpriced for their coffee quality-They really should check the quality of their beans before they brew them. (I've had some very over roasted beans before, but I've also had some done very well.)This isn't somewhere I'd suggest taking a friend to chit chat, but I definitely suggest it for doing homework or reading a book by yourself.
4	I found Citizen Espresso Bar by accident, when I was looking for a well known coffee shop.  I am glad that I stopped because their iced herbal tea was much better than I could have gotten elsewhere.  Their menu was simple, but that allows them to focus on getting things right.  The quiet, hip atmosphere made me want to stay for a while.
4	I really like this place... and need to come here more often!   Free wifi, lots of outlets, good food and drink, and I like the ambiance and layout.  Most importantly, the espresso drink I ordered (an iced mocha) was very good.  Not the most mocha-y flavor, but I can always order with extra mocha next time.  Yay for finding a cool new place!
4	Even though I find the menu options to be basic and somewhat limited, I really enjoy the facility design, decor, and overall ambiance of this place. The furnishings are very relaxed and inviting, and their coffee and espresso are very good, and I enjoy their iced tea. I do wish they had a larger tea selection, though, and a greater variety of pastries. However, as another reviewer mentioned, this is the ideal place to come for studying or to read a book. This is a great independent coffeehouse right in the heart of Phoenix.
5	I've been going to Citizen Espresso Bar regularly since it was still a Lola location, probably about 3 years. I went there today to find a note on the door saying that the shop would be closed permanently. This is a huge loss! Citizen Espresso Bar was the best coffee shop in uptown Phoenix. The staff was really warm and welcoming, the coffee was fantastic and fairly priced, and the baked goods were delicious and consistent. They regularly featured work from local and national artists on their walls. All in all, I wish every coffee shop would look and feel like this. I'm really sad to see it go and hope they figure out a way to bring it back very soon!
3	This location is now closed. :(
