5	Nothing better than coffee, aside from crapes, and Colaldos has it both! It's wonderful to see new places on the west side that aren't chain coffee shops *cough cough* Starbucks*. Colados is an awesome hang out that not only has great espresso or frappes, which ever you prefer, but also fresh crapes! It's a great place to start off your morning, or take a nice brake from the day.
3	Saw this place while going to frys so decided to stop by and try it out. We got the Nutella crepe and peach ice tea. Nutella crepe was good. My niece loved it. But the peach ice tea probably needed more peach flavoring. It was bland. Will come back to try other drinks next time.
4	Great local option if you're in the West Valley.  I have not tried the Crepes but look forward to heading back soon.  A little difficult to find, it is located in a strip mall just West of a Fry's grocery store.
5	Great place to start your day with!! There iced coffee is great and made fresh right in front if you. Will definitely be stopping by again.
5	It is so nice to find a good family run coffee shop in the West Valley! I stopped in her near closing to check it out and the family was exceptionally accommodating. The prices are good and the crepes were delightful.My one suggestion to the owners would be to expand the crepe menu to include some breakfast crepes and some lunch crepes. The desert crepes were great, but I'd love to stop in for coffee and breakfast crepe on a Saturday morning.But well done! This is a great addition to the neighborhood and so much nicer than nearby Starbucks. Also have wi-fi!
3	I won't write a long review because this place doesn't really deserve a well thought out review.. I ordered a nutella crepe to begin with and I'm not gonna lie, it was good. My sweet peach iced tea wasn't even sweet. That was the problem.. I asked if they can make it sweeter and the girl added "sweetness" to it, but it still tasted watered down. The prices are reasonable though. The one thing I did love was the way it looked inside. It was cute and most likely I will come back,  but I won't order a sweet peach iced tea.
5	Nice to see a coffee place on the west side that is not a Starsucks! I tried the colado coffee since I had never heard of it. It is strained through a cloth. Wow, lots of coffee flavor, without a trace of bitterness! It is quite unlike the aforementioned coffee chain's joe, which is awfully bitter and burnt-tasting. I highly recommend the colado.I got the Nutella/banana/strawberry crepe to go with. It was delicious but a bit over the top with lots of whipped cream and chocolate syrup drizzled all over. Next time I will order it without those toppings; i think Nutella is really rich enough on its own. The crepe itself was lovely.This place appears to be family owned. They were really sweet and concerned that I was pleased with what I ordered. How nice is that? Hard to find around here. And it is nicely decorated inside. Avoid the Starbucks down the street and come here instead.
5	My first and every time here is always amazing. Just being inside is so relaxing. I was never a huge fan of Starbucks for some reason but this place to me is way better. Made me fall in love with coffee all over again
3	I will start out by saying the crepe was pretty good, and the presentation was nice. However, the plastic forks and knives that were available suck, I could barely cut my crepe into bite sized pieces because my plate kept sliding around because the flimsy knife couldn't handle the crepe. The chai latte was just okay, there was gritty stuff on the bottom of my drink so I'm thinking it's made from a mix. Might come back for a crepe sometime but not good enough to be a regular treat.
5	Been there twice and I have no complain... Place feels like those coffee shops in San Francisco CA... Friendly people and great food I have ordered chipotle crepe although my friends thought I was crazy... They change their mind when they try it. Now it's their favorite.
5	the crepes were really good, i loved the whole wheat crepe. Great place
5	Loved everything about this place. Location, set up, friendly employees and on top of that the AMAZING and very DELICIOUS crepe and coffee. One thing for sure is I will defiantly be making more visits here. Think I found my spot!
5	The service at colados is spot on. As I enters I felt good vibes as soon as I steped foot into the shop. It's very family orientated and is felt like I was at home. My favorites Is the Nutella crepe, French vanilla helado and the Sweat peach they are all so delicious. I love that they have music playing in the shop, overall I give it a 5 star just because I love it!
5	This place is the bomb!  Family-owned, friendly....and best of all--DELICIOUS!They will make you just about anything you could find on the menu at Stabucks and even some unique creations, crepes mainly.
5	Tasty crepes and strong coffee. Super nice and genuine staff as well. Go for the relaxed vibe if for no other reason
5	Crisp....Tasty....Delicious....looks like crepes for dinner.I had to try this place spotting it after finishing up some grocery shopping. On my first visit, I ordered the Tropical ( pineapple, coconuts, & nuts) and Chipotle (cheese, ham & spinach). Both crepes were absolutely delicious.  These crepes were everything a crepe should be, light, crispy,delicate, soft, and full of flavor.Ordering is done at a counter and the food is delivered to the table. It is definitely a very casual and comfortable neighborhood eatery. I sat at a window table and just watched people passing.  The staff is friendly and very warm and  accommodating.
5	Great ambiance great food.  Small menu but done well.  Had the chipotle crepe it was amazing.  Tried the Nutella crepe it was equally delicious.  When we got here the line was really long but it went down quick.  The employees are all really friendly.  The stopped by and asked how our food was and chit chatted.  Great service.
5	This is a family-owned establishment with a unique menu: coffees and crepes. Take a walk on the wild side with a Nutella crepe or feast on a chipotle crepe with guacamole and tomatoes. You won't be disappointed.
5	Great little coffee place and the crepes are awesome also. If you're in Avondale, you really need to stop by.
5	This is a great local coffee shop with awesome crepes! My wife and I rode our bikes over for brunch. We both enjoyed the chipotle crepe. I had an Americano and she had a blended white chocolate. Both were very good. It's a great addition to the neighborhood, and we will certainly be coming back! Would love to see some bike racks in front though.
5	This little cafe reminds me of the wonderful cafes back home and in Germany! It  is family operated (who doesn't love supporting a small business?) They are all super friendly and attentive. There coffee is great. When they first opened I asked for a very specific drink that not many places can make well and the owners nephew made it for me he said it was his first time making it and he would remake it if I didn't like it, but he nailed it!! They make there crepes fresh right in front of you every single time and they are super yummy! Now lets talk about some amazing service! The owner brought around some of the stamp cards he had when they first opened up, I was working at an office close by and was unable to leave the office even during lunch breaks. I asked him if they did delivers, he stated typically they do not, however he would for me. I literally got coffee delivered mid day to my office 3-4 times a week with NO Delivery fee!! Seriously if you haven't tried this place and your a coffee lover like I am go, like now! lol
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!  The creeps are sooo good and inexpensive, too!  Great coffee!  I had a peach crepe with almonds and whipped cream, hubby had a whole wheat crepe with strawberries and granola, and daughter got a Nutella and banana crepe!!  Clean establishment, quiet, and friendly!
5	You have absolutely got to try this place. It is awesome! The crepes are amazing!!!!! It is family owned so you automatically feel welcome when you walk in. I honestly can't stop thinking about the next time I get to come back! This place is a MUST!
5	I love this place. They have great coffee both hot or cold and the creeps are delicious. Couple that with friendly and attentive service and you have a winner. Even the decor is very nicely done, both inviting and relaxing. Great unexpected find.
5	What was life like before this place.....Seriously! I am in love with the Nutella crepe, fried ice cream & white chocolate blended.  so good! This is a must try!I was a little skeptical about the crepes, I thought it is probably going to be too sweet. It really balances with the strawberries and banana! What is Starbucks? Nothing compared to Colados coffee.
5	The crepes are so good! I got the nutella strawberry banana crepe ..and a white chocolate frappe. .Their customer service is great and the place is so nice. I will definitely go back!!! It's worth the calories .
5	This place is fantastic! So glad I found it on Yelp! Went there on Saturday and it was busy but there were a few tables open. The bf and I both got the nutella strawberry banana crepe, but he got his with ice cream (decadent!) The crepes are just what they need to be -- soft but a little crunchy on the edges. The serving size was perfect. I just wish they would add a couple more flavors to their menu! I definitely want to try the peach one next. I ordered a hazelnut ice blended coffee and he got the white chocolate ice blended. Both drinks were great -- they were a little runny, but it's summer in AZ so that's to be expected, but the flavor was spot-on. Sweet but you could still taste the rich coffee flavor. The service was also very good. It was mainly staffed by high school-aged kids, but they were very friendly and the girl behind the counter gave us an extra stamp on our punch card for being new customers.Thanks, Colados! We will be back!!
5	This place is great and I highly recommend it!!!  Great design & decor, great customer service, fast service, and let me not forget great crepes & coffee!  I went with a good friend of mine and we were so excited to try this place out with high expectations of course and it did not disappoint!  They have a variety of expresso coffees and teas.  I had the Nutella crepe with a side of vanilla ice cream that was very tasty!  I'm looking forward to visiting again and trying their other crepes but I especially am looking forward to trying their fried ice cream!
4	This place has a good atmosphere and their crepes are wonderful.  I recommend the tropical crepes, because the nutella crepes is too chocolately unless you are a big fan of chocolate.  The chipotle crepes is really delicious and if you want coffee their hazelnut and mocha are good too.
5	Absolutely delicious! We ordered the peach and the Chipotle crepe and it was delicious! :)
5	I am so glad there is a place like that close by my house, the atmosphere is so cozy and the service was great!  Well recommended , the chipotle crepe is ADDICTIVE!
4	I come here all the time. And i highly recommend this place if you want to have a light, healthy lunch and catch up with friends on things. The soups are always good here!
5	The  crepes are made there fresh when you order with fruit toppings.  These are some of the best crepes I have tasted. Their cappuccinos have the perfect taste and everything was absolutely delicious.   The staff is very nice and always make you feel welcoming. My favorite coffee place.
5	This place is great I've gotten something different every time I go there and I'm never disappointed!! It's difficult to choose a favorite item!
4	Colados is great, beats your standard coffee shop and there isn't many in the area.  They don't have many options as far as coffee goes, but what they do have is more than good!Their crepes are what wins you over!  Their Banana/Nutella crepe is to die for(literally)!The place seems to be family owned, and the owner/manager walks around to ensure that you enjoy what you had!  Will definitely be back soon!
5	There is too much to eat in one visit ! love the pies and the gifts they sell here! This place has ice cream to chocolate covered strawberries! This place is every kids dream come true. I enjoz bringing mz familz here every time !
4	This tiny little coffee shop in an unassuming strip plaza is a gem for one reason: Their Crepes.And boy do they do their crepes well!  Delicious and crisp, it's everything you want in a small dish.  I only wish they were more light and fluffy like their French or Japanese counterparts.  It's good nonetheless.  I mainly come for the Nutella Banana crepe although I hear good things about the Chipotle.  I recommend nabbing a squishy chair by the window and enjoying it on-site because if you get it to-go, the portion shrinks a bit.  Plus, no one likes melted ice cream.I would honestly only recommend this place for their crepes.  Their drinks leaves a lot to be desired.  I've had iced coffees and iced teas from this place and they're always served in cups smaller than Starbucks but with prices even greater.  It wouldn't be bad if the quality or taste was there.  Their blended coffee drink tastes a bit better than their fruity iced teas which are more reminiscent of cough syrup.  The last time I had an iced tea, I dumped out half the tea and filled the rest up with water.  Never wasting my bucks on drinks here again.  I rather buy another crepe!Tons of Westview kids seem to migrate to this place so come during the off-hours for prime seating!  Kick back and enjoy the heck out of their crepes.  Money well-spent!
5	The crepes taste so good I had the Nutella crepe with banana and ice cream it was delicious very clean and friendly staff.
5	I don't go out for breakfast very often, if at all. This place is going to change that. I found Colado Brother's  coffee & crepes here on Yelp one morning and I'm so glad I didn't just go to the Dunkin donuts 2 miles away. I entered the Crepery at around 11AM, expecting it to be busy for brunchers. It turns out, it was busy, but I didn't have to wait in any line. I was greeted warmly by the cooks and a server took my order promptly. There was soft Christmas music playing in the background and a soft hush of people talking around me enjoying their food. It was a 5 minute wait for my to go order - A small black sweetened tea, and a Nutella crepe with a side of ice cream.I drive like a hellion, and yet my order looked perfect as I sat down at home to eat it. And let me tell you. THESE CREPES ARE INCREDIBLE! They tasted like heaven in my mouth. Fresh strawberries and bananas cut into bite sized bits, over a crepe generously bundled with Nutella inside. It was out of this world. The flavored exploding in my mouth were SO amazing. The tea was brewed very fresh, but was ice cold, and the black tea had a very earthy, perfectly sweetened taste. I wanted to go back and get 4 refills. Lastly, something about their ice cream was just perfect. It was still incredibly smooth and chilled when I arrived home 10 minutes after purchasing it. Over all this place gets an 11/10!
4	Good breakfast at fair prices with delicious smoothies and very good coffee. Not a must, but if it is on the road, then okay.
5	Ill save time and say that my friends and I are coffee snobs. After months of drinking two of our cities biggest gourmet shops/roasters I found Colados Coffee. It is my opinion and taste that the single origin beans sold at this shop are the best Ive ever had. Prices are a little high but well worth it. I dont go anywhere else now.
4	Quality crepes and coffee / tea. Casual atmosphere, chill. Good for conversations. The Nutella crepe was tasty but could have been bigger! The dining area is very open so no hiding spots for private dates but great for people to get together!!
5	After reading the reviews my fiancee and i decided to step in there and I was impressed with the service and with crepes. They have a few but they are the bomb the coffee is also delicious.  Highly recommended it to anybody.
4	Crepes are not the best, but they are quite good and at a reasonable price.I tried two kinds when I visited: the nutella/strawberry/banana, and the peach/almondI added condensed milk to the peach/almond. You can add extra "add-ons" for 50 cents.
