5	The Store Manager, Paul Curlee, and the Communication Consultants at this T-Mobile Store consistently exceed the highest standards for customer service and technology support.  We have mutiple T-Mobile Stores within just a few miles of our homes but we always drive to this T-Mobile store for all our Telecommunications  needs.  The My Touch Slide 3G that Paul recommended has been a needed and welcome upgrade to our previous phones.  This is yet another example of how well Paul knows his customers and exceeds their expectations.  Sincerely,  Kelly St Clair and Melissa Schine
1	The worst sales experience. Changed the story of how to get ETF reimbursement after running my credit and setting up a T-mobile account in my name.We came into the store looking to get out of our Verizon contract and replace my wife's water damaged iPhone 5s. On the first visit I was told I could keep my phone as long as I traded in a phone to get the early termination fee reimbursement. Literally said, "People have gone to Walmart and bought a flip phone to turn in for the ETF reimbursement." The next day I came in and the sales team confirmed the deal from the day before. They ran my credit and started going through the process of porting the phones, until the computer would not let them trade in the flip phone. Then I was told that to do the deal I had to trade two working phones currently used on our Verizon accounts and we had to buy two new phones to get the ETF reimbursement. After some harsh words from me while they smiled and shrugged their shoulders we left.I gave up and drove to Verizon where they waved the ETF and let me get a new phone at the discounted price. Also, a bill popped up on my email for T-Mobile. I had to call the corporate line to ensure that there was no balance and that the account was canceled.
1	Do not trust T-Mobile! Their salespeople and Corporate support have lied to me about my initial signal strength and lied about a tower that was coming to my area just to get me past the buyers remorse period. No integrity at all as recently demonstrated by the overbilling scandal uncovered by the FTC.
