5	This is the best workout in Madison!  You get a great workout doing pole moves.  The instructors are terrific and teach at a good pace.  This is in no way a raunchy place; you work out in yoga attire and the atmosphere is positive and female-only.  The prices are pretty good and are about what you'd pay for a yoga/pilates/kickboxing class anywhere else in town.Classes can get crowded at times, but thankfully Miss Pole won't be at this space much longer and will be moving to the west side soon.  Try a class by yourself or with a friend; it's great fun and an incredible confidence booster!  You leave class feeling sexy and confident in your own skin.
4	Came here after purchasing a Livingsocial offer for their intro workshop. It was easy enough to register and find a time suitable for me. They also offered a $15 discount if you signed up for a course right after the workshop, I did and I'm excited to start class in a few weeks!I'm not a fan that all of their class times are after work hours (starting at 5, 6, or 7pm) as I would much rather come in earlier. But not a deal breaker. I'm also not a fan that the entire wall wasn't covered in mirrors. A big part of pole dancing is the visual aspect of it so I would prefer to have more mirrors. Again, not a deal breaker.Between the cheap rate for the course, decently sized parking lot (its in a shopping center) and the fact that the studio is less than 10 minutes away from my apartment I'm excited to have found this place and I'll add another review after my course with them is over.
5	This place is fantastic! The ladies here are great! I can't wait to take more classes here! The prices aren't that bad, especially with the coupons they're always throwing about. I wish there were more mirrors and less people per class. Several people had to share poles in the class I was in. For the price and the lack of being able to practice outside of class I feel like each person should always have their own pole. I've also taken their lap dancing class which was as great as their pole class. It was a very tiny class. Five or so people. I loved it. The environment is really great and not at all skeevy in case you're worried about that. It looks like a normal small specialize gym just with polls in the center.
