3	Went with my best friend shopping for a her husbands wedding band. The woman who took care of us was older but kind. She offered to clean our rings and I think she forgot to set the machine.  Not to mention we had to remind her twice to give us our rings back. The prices were okay after an undisclosed 40% discount. We didn't end up selecting the ring from this location. Something made us both feel very uneasy about the place.
2	Stopped in for a bit of a jewelry emergency. We were very clear about what we needed but the staff wasn't receptive to us and kept trying different sales tactics to up their commission. I've shopped at other Zales Outlets and have always had good service with reasonable prices. I don't like how management chooses to run this particular store. I will not be back.
1	I took my girlfriend around to the various jewelry stores at Mills to help get an idea of what to get her for a ring. Most of the stores were not busy, and didn't mind that we were looking for style, not to buy. We actually had a good experience here for the first half, as my gf showed me very specifically the things she liked and didn't like. I had asked her to be specific about everything, not so that I would have a one-in-a-million shot at the ring, but so that I could really get to know her taste.At the end of our shopping, I looked at my soon to be fiancee and said, "Thanks, I think I have a good idea of what to get for you." The saleswoman looked over and said, "Good luck... you're going to need it." For the rest of the day, my girlfriend was devastated and embarrassed. The saleswoman had basically just told me, "Good luck pleasing that uptight, high maintenance woman of yours." Ring-browsing was supposed to be a really romantic, memorable experience for us as a couple... Kinda hoping to do this whole thing once! But because this woman couldn't keep her opinion to herself, my girlfriend was made to feel like a needy @!$#! on a day that she should've felt like the most important girl in the world. This experience was absolutely unforgivable, and I urge everyone to take their business elsewhere.
2	I didn't like my experience here... The sales agent was very deceiving in the transaction. She tried to sneak in the warranty in the final purchase. I understand you're commission based, but honesty is the key to every business!!! I don't recommend this place, maybe other Location will do better for you!!!
