5	Painted the exterior of my house. They did an amazing job. The best part, they did all the work with the HOA. No hassles at all. I highly recommend them!
5	Mike Ricker, the owner, came out to give me a bid. He answered every question I came up with and gave me lots of excellent information on what to look for in painters. I had a dozen different places come out to give me bids., including all those from a publication called PHOENIX'S BEST RESOURCE DIRECTORY. After some really questionable encounters, I chose Mike Ricker, for his excellent professionalism. I had my entire house, including closets and ceilings done, and the entire outside done as well. I also had my outdoor concrete painted the same color as my pool deck to cut down on the glare. Mike's employee's (3) who did the painting were also extremely professional. They went out of their way to minimize the discomfort to us caused when you live in a house, while such a huge project is going on. It was a typical Arizona time of 110 plus degrees as well. I can't say enough positives to describe this entire experience. My house is beautiful and amazing both inside and out. If I could give more stars I would. My recommendation is to look no further than at this company. You won't find better in this valley.
5	Our house was badly in need of new exterior paint. I contacted several local painting companies for estimates. Some never bothered to get back to me, or did so after several days. Pretty much what I've come to expect for most service providers these days. Mike from Crash of Rhinos called me within hours of when I sent my email inquiry. He was professional, informative and courteous. He was able to come to my house soon after we spoke and explained the service they provide. He gave me a full written estimate along with a good description of the different types of paint available. There were also options as to whether I wanted them to paint things such as our view fence.All that was great and I was very impressed, however the best part was yet to come... After looking at the paint sample booklets and choosing 2 or 3 schemes I liked, Kim brought samples over and put a little on the house so I could see how they really looked. She also took a photo and had the paint store make some mock-ups of the house with different color schemes. Kim also contacted our HOA and submitted our proposal to paint. It was so nice not to have to hassle with figuring out which forms to use, where to send it, etc. The workers were delayed in starting by a rare several days of rain. They ended up doing the entire house over the course of a couple of days. The workers were quiet and courteous. The paint looks great. They cleaned up after themselves and didn't wreck any of my plants. I couldn't be happier! And the price paid was within dollars of the estimate I got from another company. Thanks, Crash of Rhinos, for not only doing a great job painting my house, but also for showing this city how to run a service business!
5	I'm starting my review as we have chosen to go with Crash of Rhinos to paint the exterior of our home and want to write the 1st part of my review while it is still fresh in my mind.We had 2 companies come out prior to Crash of Rhinos coming out.  I wasn't there for the 1st guy and my wife said he was there for 5 minutes and said it would cost 1600 to paint our 1 story 1780 sq ft home plus our backyard fence.  The 2nd company that came out was much more thorough, they went over every single crack of stucco, every imperfection and said how they would treat it, I thought this was nice but wondering if he's going to jack the price up.  He did, first he said 3200 and we said that's way too high then he brought it down to 2800 which I though was doable and I didn't doubt that he would have done a great job.  What I didn't like about this guy was the price and that it was all or nothing for example our back security gate he said he would sand and paint etc. and I asked what if I don't want that and how much is that adding into the total cost and I finally got that it cost about $70 but it wasn't an option you either take whole package or nothing and he kept saying how he would pressure wash my patio and drive way and I'm thinking this is going to look great but how much are these extras adding into the total cost.  I think this guys problem was that he was doing everything himself so maybe he was charging $50 an hour (I don't know) to pressure wash the drive way when he should be paying someone $10 an hour to do it and pass that savings on through a lower estimate.  He was very thorough though and that let gave me more insight to ask more informed questions to other companies that came to give estimates.Crash of Rhinos came out a few days later and they started to talk in detail just like the 2nd company did and I was like oh great this is going to be another 3k paint job.  The 1st thing I like about Crash of Rhino is that they are very transparent and they are going to be fair, he said yeah 1600 seems pretty low even for a spray and then you will get guys trying to charge 3k on the high end.  That gave me hope that this would be a reasonable offer.  Note:  I put prices because I think homeowners are looking for a good estimated on prices but each house difference according to the shape they are in and square footage.  We have single story home that is 1780 sq feet that is in good shape, some stucco cracks but relatively in good shape, we just don't like the color and our back fence is stucco so we are getting that painted also and that takes a considerable amount of paint .We started to go over details and I said how much would just the security door be and right away he said $65 but we offer that as an option because some homeowners want the security gate done and some don't.I asked about pressure washing that the 2nd company was talking up and he said well yeah of course we are going to pressure wash up after we paint and clean everything that's just part of it.  He then went on to say customer service is very important to us, we try to think like the home owner.  Customer service and doing a little extra is worth is to us so if someone says can you pressure washer this and it's not in the proposal we are going to do it, if you come and say hey can you paint my whole back fence for free and it's not in the proposal then we won't but if it is a reasonable request then we will accommodate.So time for the proposal, everything was printed up and printed out.Instead of giving us an all or nothing he had it broken down into 3 categories of paint quality.  The lowest paint quality that he expected to last 8 years, the next to last 10 years and the best to last 12 years.  So within it we received a quote of @2100, 2300 and 2400 (I think).  Plus an itemized option.  $99 if you wanted to go with someone to help pick out colors, they will come take a pic of your house and do a computerized image so you can see how different colors will look and they will bring out samples of paint to put on your house to see how it looks.  $65 for the security door, $85 for new seals on the double car garage door and $175 to rebuild a side gate.  He offered a deal that if we chose the higher end paint at 2400 then he would make us a good deal on the options that we wanted.  We chose all the options except the rebuilding of the side gate.  So we worked out a deal we agreed on for the 3 options plus the higher end paint.Looking forward to getting our home painted and thanks for Crash of Rhinos for the excellent customer service thus far.I will finish my review once the home is painted.
5	I have a 2240 square foot two story house.  I called Mike to come out for a quote and as soon as I spoke to him I knew that this was the company I wanted to go through.  They came up with a very fair price and we came to an agreement on the date and paint colors.The paint job was really really good, the lines on the popouts were amazing, and the customer service was even better.  They even came back out to paint behind a shed I had to move.  I can definitely say I would recommend this company to anyone who is looking for a great paint job at a reasonable price.  Mike and his wife seem like great people.
5	Our house really needed to get a good painting. It is a smaller home and we live in Chandler. I wrote to 3 of the Top Yelp reviews. Another responded and after 1st contact did not respond. 1 never responded and Crash of Rhinos responded immediately. From the get go they were sooooo professional, and on top of it. Their communication is TOP DRAWER! Mike and his wife Kim really know how to run a business. They painted the exterior of our home and it looks AMAZING! When Mike came the 1st time to give the estimate he printed it out immediately right from his truck. We had to wait to get our home painted as we picked just before the heat of summer. The painters were very respectful and cleaned up after themselves. My husband and I were blown away when we received in the mail this week a handwritten thank you note for choosing Crash of Rhinos Painting. I mean come on! That is something I have not seen in customer service for years!!! I HIGHLY recommend Crash of Rhinos painting. You will not be disappointed. Thank you Kim and Mike for the incredible work and TOP DRAWER customer service. I have already recommended you to others and if and when we need the inside done we will call you. Kindest regards and gratitude.
2	I realize a 2 star (I'd give them 2.5 if allowed) rating is not a terrific rating and is low compared to Crash of Rhino's previous reviews here on Yelp so I will explain. First, Crash's owners, manager, and crew were all extremely nice, responsive, and easy to work with during the job. Mike, Kim, and their project manager are super fast to respond to emails or phone calls. Mike got an estimate within a couple days of contacting him by phone. I didn't get other estimates but their price seemed very reasonable. So why the low rating? My house is a typical valley home built in the 50's or 60's. The primary reason I hired professional painters was the amount of professional prep work needed on a vintage home that had been painted many times over the past 50+ years. Unfortunately this is where Crash fell short. The prep work was minimal and not thorough enough for this type of older home. Basically prep work was a thorough pressure wash and and some caulking (and of course lots of taping). There was minimal (if any) hand scrapping or noticeable priming of raw wood or exposed masonry/concrete. The spray work on doors and the house was complete and very clean. Unfortunately the lack of prep showed quickly with areas showing signs of lose paint and even some obvious painting over loose dirt and debris on the stem wall and window frames.  As well as spray painting over loose paint on the wood structure that should have been hand scraped after the pressure wash.Overall: if you have a newer construction stucco home say 1980-2000's that requires minimal prep so that a pressure wash and paint spray will do the job then definitely consider Crash of Rhinos for your house. Mike and Kim and crew are very friendly and easy to work with and quick to set up and complete the job. But if you have an older home from the late 1950-1960's requiring more intensive professional prep then I would hesitate to recommend Crash based on my experience.
5	These guys are amazing. First Mike came out and looked at all our concerns. His recommendations saved us well over $1000. Then he bid the jobs we really needed at an incredible price. Finally he sent out a crew (props to Lado) who were truly professional and considerate. They also did a great job. Later Mike checked out the work and Lado came back to answer some questions we had. All in all, an amazing company. If you need painting done, these are your guys. Great price, great service, great vibe.
5	This company is extremely organized and thorough.  Their quality is top notch as well.  I have had two houses painted by Crash of Rhinos Painting and I will not use anyone else.
5	Our experience with this group was great all around! Everyone was extremely knowledgable and kept us informed through every step! They were helpful and had great information when choosing colors and paint types. We would happily recommend them to anyone!
5	Crazy name but a really great company to do business with.  They did an excellent job repairing the stucco and painting the exterior of my home.  They kept me informed about the schedule, and answered all my questions from start to finish.  Each person I dealt with was professional, knowledgeable and friendly. Our home looks really great now. I will use this contractor again and would recommend them to anyone in need of an excellent painting contractor,
5	Funny name - great work. I got three estimates to paint my house. I didn't know much about Crash of Rhinos but Mike impressed me with his comments and his suggestions. When I told him we were unsure of the colors he volunteered to have Kim come out and take some pictures and then she could digitally paint our house with a few of the finalists. We took pictures and Kim was very helpful.The crash of rhinos (they really aren't big enough to be called rhinos) came out when they were supposed to and went to work.  They covered everything that needed to be covered and moved everything that needed to be moved.  My house is stucco and had a few cracks along with some nicks and dings. They fixed all of that as well as replacing a few trim boards that were damaged.The interior of my house is about 3,000 sq. ft. It's a single story with a 3 car garage. There's a lot of exterior that needed to be painted.  They got the job done in 4 1/2 days with a crew that ranged in size from 3 to 5.Excellent job and I'm getting compliments from the neighbors.Highly recommended.
5	We purchased our home a year ago, and it is 18 years old and looked like it had the original exterior paint job, so it was definitely in need of one. I had no idea who to hire to do the job but found Crash of Rhinos on Yelp and liked what I read. Mike came over the next day to give me a quote, and he was also very informative about all the options and the entire process. I was impressed with him and what they had to offer, so we picked them for the job.We weren't sure what colors we wanted exactly, so we had Kim help us pick colors, and with her help and expertise, we picked an awesome combination that we love. When it came time to start the painting, the crew was top notch. This was not a rush job by any means, and they spent a lot of time doing prep work and repairs before they even started. They really paid attention to detail and were always friendly, courteous, and professional.Our house looks amazing! We couldn't be happier! I'm so glad I found this company. Use them! They will do a fabulous job for you.
5	Timely estimate, great price, extremely professional. Couldn't be happier with the work they provided.
5	You really don't need to look anywhere else for painting experts. Timely, considerate and huge attention to detail. They even went to the house many times to paint sample colors and send them to me since we do not live there full time. Not the lowest price but definitely middle of the road and not too high. Thank you for the incredible job. We still look at it and are amazed how good it looks!
5	Crash of Rhinos Painting is an outstanding company. Mike Rickert is honest, friendly and professional. Kim Rickert was very helpful in assisting us to choose the right color for the exterior of our home. She came out with several paint samples and was so  patient while we mulled over the choices, eventually coming up with the right one. The crew- Lalo, J.J., Juan and Fernando- did an excellent job and completed the project in a timely manner. They were consistently courteous, skillful and friendly. Meticulous attention was paid to every detail along the way. I wholeheartedly recommend Crash of Rhinos without reservation.
5	We hired Crash of Rhinos about two weeks ago to paint our house. They were extremely professional, knowledgeable, and helpful. We had a tight deadline for which we needed the house painted and they went above and beyond to meet it. They were by far the lowest bid we received, without losing out on quality. I would highly recommend them!
5	I just wanted to say I get very suspicious if a company has nothing but great reviews. I then checked out the BBB and still more great reviews and rating. I then thought if they are that good they would be expensive. So I took my chances had Crash of Rhinos come over and give me an estimate.  I was pleasantly surprised at how reasonable the estimate came back, I decided to go with crash of rhinos and I am glad I did the paint job turned out way better then I could have ever imagined. The painters did an awesome job and I would definitely recommend crash of rhinos. Mike and Kim are great to work with and extremely nice genuine people.Thanks for the great  paint job...
5	You won't be disappointed!Got quotes from 3 companies to paint my 2600 sq. ft. two story home in Gilbert. Mike was excellent in providing answers to all of my questions during the initial quote, and ended up spending about an hour at my home. The other companies were in and out within 20 minutes.Once we decided to go with Crash (and most of the extras offered), Kim stepped in and dealt with our HOA, helped us pick color schemes and even brought a scheme we weren't considering that is now the color of our house. =) lol The crew was excellent....responsive, cleaned up as promised, courteous, and all around great to deal with. Anything that came up was addressed immediately and they even went above and beyond to paint two stone planters in our front yard to match our trim color. My wife was very impressed.It's rare to find contractors that project professionalism in both the way their business is run, AND the work that is done. I will be recommending them to anyone I know that needs work completed- I literally can't say enough good things about this company. Thank you again for a wonderful job!
1	Filled out form to get an estimate. The form says I would get a call within 24 hours.  Been 2 weeks now.  No call.  Don't waste your time. Filled out form for DCR and had immediate response.
5	I recently (Dec 2014) used Crash of Rhinos to paint the exterior of my 2500 sf Central Phoenix home. The total cost was $3100. Rhinos was slightly more expensive than the other bid that I received but I am delighted that with the job that they did. While other painters would just show up and paint, Rhinos spent a solid two days to prep/protect the house rather than just slap paint on. The job was done amazingly well and the crew was top notch. They took unbelievable care of my house to make sure that the painting was done right.As a sign of their confidence in themselves, they take no money up front and you simply pay at the end when you are satisfied. I now see why they do this: we were delighted with the job that they did and would use them again in a flash.We also used Kim to provide a paint consult and that was well worth the money as well. Her input was well worth the $125.This is one of those rare places where their five star rating is well deserved. I would not hesitate to use them again.
