3	Had this for take out the first time a couple months ago when we had a pizza craving. The place seemed pretty spacious and great for a kid's birthday party or family gathering. The pizza was okay. The cinnamon pie/roll/sticks thing was AMAZING. But other than that, I thought it was pretty meh.
3	I swear they water down the beer here. Other than that, there was a melted ice cream cone in the arcade the entire time I was there.
2	Ordered chicken wings along with our pizza, I guess that gal up front didn't know that there fryer wasn't working... needless to say didn't get the wings... oh well.  The kids had fun, except for that one game that took our coins and didn't deliver the opportunity to play... did get a refund... will not be visiting this location anytime soon...
3	Same food. Decent games. Many games were temporarily busted - out of tickets or whatever, which wouldn't be a big deal IF THE STAFF ACTUALLY HELPED. They acted like every customer was a nuisance, like they were too busy to do anything for anyone. Our wings seemed like they'd been sitting. My daughter said the play structure was dirty inside, so much so that she wouldn't go back in, and that says A LOT, coming from my slide junkie.
5	My family loves this place! We dine in and carry out, also a fun place to have Parties!! Its nice and clean the games are great for the kids, and the food is so good!! Employees are awesome, so nice and know their menu well and help out with the best deals! Highly recommend for a evening with the kids or a nice fun time with all family and friends. They also have flatscreens on with ESPN on for sport,news...go there you'll have a good time, food is great:)
2	Oy vey! This Peter Piper has been the worst I have been to. We had to wait 15 minutes standing in the front waiting for someone to take our order and there was no one in front of us. I am not sure if they were understaffed or just didn't know what was going on, a gentleman finally came up front and took our order as if we just got there. After ordering our pizza I went and played games with my son and half of the games were broken. After 30 minutes of playing the games we could get to work, I went and asked about our order (because there were only about 4 families in the whole place) and it was taking quite some time to get our pizza. When I asked the guy about our order he said it would be right up, 15 minutes later our pizza was finally ready. When I picked it up, they forgot we ordered wings with our pizza, so we had to wait for our wings to be made. The pizza was really dry and burnt tasting, the crust tasted like cardboard and the wings were tasteless, there was no buffalo sauce taste to them at all.Dont think ill be making a trip here again
5	Pizza buffet from 11 am to 2 pm as well as salad bar... Its pretty empty so, there is little to no line to choose your slices...
3	Cleaner and better but still a bit of a nightmare.  I try to go early in the day on the weekends.  Beer selection is terrible but one isn't going to PPP for HH - but a good beer takes the edge off and allows the parents to stay a smudge longer which allows the kids to stay longer (and spend more tokens)... maybe someday the lines will be drawn?  IDK but until then  - we try to avoid at al costs until the pestering prevails.  Maybe that's the strategy?
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Enjoyed trying this very nice Peter Piper for the first time today at opening time.  Things started with friendly Randie (!) taking my payment, & then it was onto helping myself to some of each of their 3 tossed salads:  Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar and Mandarin Orange.  All were fresh & tasty.Over on the hot table the day started with about 10 varieties of pizzas & bread sticks.  I selected some slices to get started with & also ordered a custom pizza from the friendly Manager lady, who called me over the PA System when it was ready.Everything was good, but WOW, my custom pizza was AWESOME with it's thin crust loaded up with Mozarella Cheese, red sauce, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, olives, red onions, mushrooms & bell pepper!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $5.99
2	Hate coming here they take forever to make your pizza regardless if it's eat here/2go and the customer service sucks the staff is rude, I've had problems with my pizza before and they always have a attitude correcting it and never offer anything for my problem. Even with the new games and upgraded system
1	Terrible customer service, really bad for Peter Piper. Our food took forever to arrive, and yet it wasn't all ready to be served with only half the order available. This was despite the lengthy wait and our buzzer going off to alert that our order was ready. No sufficient explanation or apology was given when the issue was brought up. The staff does not go above and beyond, or really even meet the standard expectations.So all you're left with now is game machines for your kids, except those don't entirely work. Some had tokens jammed to render them inoperable, others simply didn't operate correctly. Very unfortunate family experience that won't be repeated.
