2	The service was good, but our chicken and fish fry combo was not.  The chicken did not have much flavor and the fish did not stand out to me.  We did enjoy the bread they provided.  We liked the spread cheese and the homemade croutons in the salad bar, but would like to see more veggies and mixed greens.I am generally complementary when it comes to food reviews.  I'd like to give them another chance but I'm not in a hurry to spend my money there.  The place was packed and I suspect well known as a source of fish fries.
3	When we walked in we were told it would be a 15 minute wait...eventhough as we looked around there were atleast 5 tables completely open, cleaned off, ready for people to sit there.The server was very nice, friendly and answered questions. The food was ok. It wasn't exceptional and it wasn't worth the price. All in all, it was ok and if I had a million dollars to spend and didn't feel like cooking my own spagetti, I'd eat here, otherwise, I'll make the basics as home for much cheeper.
3	We decided to check this place out recently.  It was very busy and looks like an established business.  But we have learned that just because a place is busy doesn't mean that all those people have good taste.  It could mean something else entirely.  I think the crowd was mainly because this is a place where a lot of the locals gather for drink and conversation.  From the outside this restaurant looks a little fancy but inside it is very casual.  I think this works well for them as people feel comfortable to come here as they are and be able to order a variety of very nice entrees.  The bar is nice and big, the sort of bar I like to see in restaurants like this.  Plenty of room.  The dining room is set up like a large dining hall with tables that allow them to create seating for whatever group shows up.  This can be a real positive for large groups.  They could put together a bunch of tables real fast and have you seated quickly.  But the atmosphere is very plain and dull.  Our table had a loaf of white bread on it with butter packets.  It was good tasting but pretty basic.  I would have liked a more dense and homemade-like loaf.The menu was moderately priced.  I would say a little high for the atmosphere but some of the meals are a deal.  I got the fried cod which was cheap.  This came with choice of potato and salad bar.I also ordered a mixed drink which was well made and priced a dollar less than I expected.  The coffee was inexpensive too.The salad bar is just the basics which was disappointing.  But it was fresh.  It was almost impossible to get to the ingredients in the middle of the service tray.  Thankfully I have contortionist training from time I spent in the circus so I was able to wind my arm down under, up and then down to reach the eggs.  Just at that time a server arrived and started to fill the selection next to where I was reaching which challenged my skills even further.Our waitress was pleasant and efficient.The food was warm, not hot and the breading on the fish was soggy, not crisp as I expected.  The fish itself was cooked perfectly and was moist.  But overall our food could have been much better.We were satisfied with our meal and quite full.  The bill was 30 dollars for two which included my cocktail.  So very cheap.  So there are some positives and I can see why people may come here but it is nothing fancy and for some of the pricier meals I would be much happier eating elsewhere.
1	What a dump! On our first visit our service was OK until another patron took off her shoe and cleaned her toe nails with a knife and fork at the table. The server didn't see a problem with this. The food on that visit was bland and tasteless. Unfortunately there was a second visit. I had no choice but to meet a friend there. The service was OK but somewhat lackluster and my food arrived raw. I sent it back and got a burned plate of food. At 45 years old I was, by far, the youngest person in the place. I think that Maple Tree saw its best days many, many years ago....
1	The absolute worst ribs I have ever had, maybe because they were served ice cold.  Salad bar was gross.People in the bar were very loud and obnoxious. Pass this one and go on up a ways to Halvorsons... much better place.
5	Fantastic food, unbeatable service... We'll be going back again soon!  We enjoyed the broasted chicken and cod the most, though the lake perch was good too.  Cheesy hashbrowns, a salad bar with soups... All delicious.  What more could you ask for??!?  We received very friendly and prompt service even though the place was packed.  This is a rarity.  A MUST GO TO place within 10 min of Madison.  With so many fish fries disappointing as of late, this has a good possibility of becoming our new #1.  (We need to go a few more times before I honor it with that label!)
2	Disclaimer:   I'm from California and this was my first supper club experience. I'm also a picky eater and don't like unhealthy "comfort" food. I wasn't sure what to expect but my relatives talked the place up. The food was okay but the ambiance of the place (or lack of) would probably prevent me from coming back again if I was in town. The salad bar was pretty disappointing, but I guess I'm spoiled coming from California. I expect every salad bar to look like the Whole Foods Salad Bar. Besides some lettuce and one type of cut vegetables, there weren't really any other things you could add to your salad besides croutons and dressing. We came on fish fry Friday so to eat in the spirit of the place I ordered the cod. Went for the poached instead of fried. it was good but two pieces was way too much for one person. Good if you want to take some fish home though.
5	The fish fry here is absolutely delicious! They recently started to offer beer battered fish fry and it has even more flavor to it making it even more irresistible. The salad bar that comes with is very good as well. The croutons for the salad literally melt in your mouth and the salad ingredients are fresh! I have to say my favorite salad bar soup from here is their potato soup for sure!The bartenders are very friendly and are willing to actually speak to you as they get your order and joke around with you. The wait staff are also amazing, the waitress I had every time I've gone there remembers my boyfriend and I and we go only about once a month! Also, although packed, the wait time is always short and it has great atmosphere!
1	Old, dark and dirty place! Very expensive and the food  wasn't that great! Not recommend this place!
3	Visited with friends on 2/7/14 for the Friday Night Fish Fry.+ Easy to access; huge parking lot - don't let the plethora of cars deter you from walking in+ Friendly host/hostess - very accommodating and helpful+ Bartenders were quick to help; we had a short wait for our table, and the barkeeps were ON our orders; zero wait. Very reasonable prices.+ Average tap selection- Salad bar is quite sparse; heavy on dressings and cheeses+ Soup was FANTASTIC. Man... the chicken dumpling soup was obviously homemade and incredible+ Broasted chicken. YES. YES. YES. I would order this by the pound and I'd inhale it and love every single bite.- Unfortunately, I was here for fish... I ordered the combo plate (1/4 broasted chix + a piece of fish)... Fish was overcooked, rubbery, and meh. + Kudos for offering broccoli and green beans as a side option+ Reasonable pricing- Server was absent, forgot drinks, and didn't do a good job (and she was the owner's daughter)All-in-all, I wasn't terribly impressed... I wanted to like this place, and I tried really hard to, but it ultimately failed to "wow" me. I sampled the fried perch; it was good, but overcooked and rubbery (like the baked cod). I also took a bite of the deep-fried cod, and meh... nothing exciting.Not a bad place, but it wouldn't be my first choice for a fish fry.
5	This is the best supper club I have been to in a long time. I always look forward to their fish fry every Friday. I'm not a big fan of fish. In fact I will only eat maples trees fish. The service is great. The atmosphere is awesome. The bartenders know their stuff. You can't go wrong with a dinner from the maple tree!
