5	This place is actually good enough to make a trip to Waterloo (if you are driving along the 401).  I discovered it at the end of my last year at Laurier, which was a shame, but, suffice to say, I visited it about 8 times within the first four weeks after I found it!  The lunch buffet is quite good on weekdays, but the real show-stopper is the dim-sum.  It is some of the best I have ever had.  Also, their general tsao's chicken is absolutely one of the best I have ever had.  The price range is quite reasonable too!  What is there to not love about this place?
4	It's pretty good for the cost.  I've come here a lot over past 20 years growing up in the area.  It's kind of been an establishment for Chinese immigrants who have settled in the area.  The restaurant itself has also moved a few times.  Not entirely sure I'd call it cheap - our bill for dinner recently came to $95 pre-tax and tip for 6 adults (4 male, 2 female) and we were quite full after.  The highlights were oysters in a stone pot, crab with ginger and egg white sauce, and an assorted mushroom and vegetable dish.  One of my favorite dishes here (though I suppose this could be a personal taste thing since some people might not be used to the consistency) is the vegetables, pearl mushrooms and white crab sauce on top.  Like other Chinese restaurants in the area, it has taken a few steps to improving the ambiance - though it's not quite my style (think red velvet and wood).  One cautionary note - avoid Thursdays.  The owner typically goes to Toronto on Thursdays and the food quality seems to drop drastically in some cases.Parking is sort of an issue here.  It's limited around the front and at the back and on the sides it's mostly reserved parking for other tenants in the building.  If you park in front, you kind of have to drive along the side walk and park in at an angle.
3	I've been there a couple of times. Their food is pretty good in general. Except for a crab meat soup. It tasted really watered down and hardly had any crab meat in it. Also, their service is super slow! especially when they get a bit busier at night or during busy seasons, ie. chinese new year. Their chopsticks feels sticky too once we sat down, so we had to rinse them ourselves with some tea.
3	I've only been there once and I can tell you that there are countless of other better options in the KW area. What really set me off in this restaurant is their lack of basic hygiene. The tables are covered with something that doesn't invite you to put your food down and the general ambiance of the restaurant screams "health inspector!!". There was also a guy who was hurling some heavy crates from the storage room right next to our table, dressed with rubber gloves and boots. He resembled one of those fishermen on the docks that gut the fish.The food is OK towards good, definitely nothing to keep me yearning for more. This and the fact that we were the only 2 Caucasian customers in the restaurant and everybody looked at us funny makes me wonder if I'm ever coming here again.
3	This was my very first dim sum experience ever, and it got me hooked. If you're in Waterloo and feeling like dim sum and have lots of time on your hands, then this is the place to go! This place does cart style dim sum where they wheel around food on carts for you to choose from. Because the dining room here is pretty small it gets pretty cramped. That being said, I like the cart service here because I do like to see what I'm getting before I order it. Also, because this place isn't too big the food on the carts ends up staying very hot. I've been to some dim sum places with the carts and by the time they get around to your table the food is just warm verging on cold. This place does get very busy, especially around noon on the weekends, and I have experienced many times where the wait is upwards of an hour. Its best to go as soon as they open or later in the afternoon. This place is great for groups because of the large round tables and they even have a couple private rooms to eat in. I'll keep going back when I'm in Waterloo, if I can get a table...
3	Not as good as I thought.
3	I am a native Waterloony but only discovered this place in the last 6 months. The decor is the usual tacky pseudo Chinese , plastic sheeting table cloths piled high...you know the type. The food is very good. I figure any place where my party has the few Caucasians in the room, it can't be all bad. I just wish they would get a bigger fish tank for the mini Mobi Dick in between the front entry doors, (it can barely turn around), and for heaven's sake, clean the damn tank more often. Some times you can hardly see the poor thing, so it makes you wonder if they clean the kitchen as often!
4	I've been here many times throughout the years with my family. They have a huge selection of food with many interesting combinations and varieties. My favorite is the Japanese tofu dish, it is a must try! Unlike many chinese places, King Tin doesn't serve greasy foods, always staying healthy and delicious! The restaurant is convenient for university students but the parking is a bit of a pain.
2	With meatballs that looked like a brain tumor, I'm not sure if I can recommend this restaurant. In general, everything was pretty oily and mediocre and nothing really stood out. I'd recommend coming early to get the freshest dim sum as the food can stay on the carts for hours at a time (some of our food was cold). There are definitely better dim sum restaurants in Waterloo (try crystal palace in uptown. It's not that much better but its still better).
3	The quality of the food seemed alright, tasty and warm, but the service was pretty forgettable. In fact, they forgot about our spring rolls until we asked, after waiting a very long time. When they finally did arrive they only brought 3, for a "Dinner for Four". We waited another 10 minutes for the final spring roll to roll on out. Not the greatest service I've ever experienced, but the food was alright.
1	Dirty - food encrusted on the tea pot.  Dishes were greasy dirty, wiped down with my napkin, which came back yellowed.Poor food quality - har gow  was salty, little, did not taste like shrimp, let alone har gow.  Spareribs - Still pink.  Unsafe to eat raw pork.Expensive!  Three dishes came to $12!We ordered only three dishes and that was three too many.  I think we were only there for 15 minutes.  Can't understand where all the high ratings are coming from.
1	We've been loyal customers here for a good 30 years.  Dim Sum on the weekends, Friday night dinners, and the lunch buffet whenever we are in town weekdays.  It's always been hit or miss.  Sometimes excellent, sometimes terrible, as with half raw spicy squid which they charged for even though it was inedible.  The hot and sour soup is the best.Well I've had it.  Three times in the recent past I ended up with food poisoning and came back for more. Sunday we ordered the General Chicken along with some Dim Sum items (which have gotten smaller every week and pricier).  It didn't look right.  Instead of a dark red sauce, it was very dark brown and burnt looking.  On the third bite it hit the back of my throat and I realized something was VERY wrong.  We sent it back.  No word from the kitchen at all.  We finally gave up and went to pay the bill.  I told Kwan the chicken was bad (owners daughter and front of house) - she just shrugged and said nothing which is her usual way of not dealing with thingsAbout 4 am Monday morning I started to feel ill.  After 6 hours of truly violent illness - I won't go into details...  Well, obviously another case of bad food and food poisoning,  We have seen really stinky oysters sent back - We have seen the shrimp filling for spring rolls left sitting out on a table while the waitress who was making the rolls goes off to do orther things - the buffet is usually luke warm and not kept at the correct temperature - Really WHERE is the health dept?  The bad practices, cracked and broken dishes, dirty sticky chopsticks - it just goes on and on and they have no qualms about serving food that's 'on the turn' or even outright gone bad!  It's enough this last time - they have lost a couple of their steadiest and best customers.
2	The value for the price you pay is there, the food is there, the oil is there, but the quality isn't.They have a weekday lunch buffet and needless to say, the quality is not good. All the food comes out greasy, though the buffet counter is always in stock with several different rotating items. There are the usual rice and noodle dishes, then there are also various dim sum dishes such as cheung fun rice noodle (shrimp, beef, chicken(?), etc.) which was more rubbery than smooth, siu mai, dumplings, sticky rice, bbq pork buns, meatballs made with dumpling and dumpling filler/fat soaking in oil, roasted eggplant and various steamed vegetables. My friend gagged when he had the cheung fun (rice noodle) and I don't think I've ever had worse anywhere else.It's $8.25 for weekday buffet lunch, taxes included. Water is self-serve at the counter. Cheaper than Crystal Palace at Erb and King and my lunch buddy prefers King Tin (Chinese food is more "real", and he likes the dim sum selection) while I find Crystal Palace healthier ("less unhealthy", can't go wrong with the fake Chinese foods), though it is marginally more expensive ($7.99 + HST).
3	they have a wide variety of dimsum and decently tasted. the hargow's layer is not so durable, it often rips when picked up by chopsticks.
5	I absolutely love King Tin! Definitely one of my go to Chinese places in KW. I've gone to their lunch buffets and weekend dim sum and have never had a problem.Their lunch buffets are offered from 11:30am to 3pm for a cheap price ($8-$9). They offer a good amount of selection. However, the dim sum that they offer during the lunch buffet are often left overs from the weekend.Now, their dim sum weekends are great! It doesn't compare to some of the good places in the GTA though. The prices aren't cheap, but King Tin does offer one of the cheapest dim sum prices you'll find in KW.Overall, I have a great experience every time I come here, and I DEFINITELY recommend their hot and sour soup. One of the best I've had in all my life!
