4	Le Valet d'Coeur has been a trusted friend of mine for a while now, always offering a great alternative to my (secretly-beloved) trash reality-tv evenings.It is basically a huge game store and then some. Don't expect to find videogames here, everything is fairly hands-on. They have an adequate selection of jigsaw puzzles but it's not updated very often, and I can only do so much water-and-mountain scenery. They really do have it all: board-games, knick-knacks, slinkies, diabolos, russian dolls. They even used to have these acrylic balls for contact juggling.  Don't forget the classics: chess, poker, backgammon and their how-to manuals etc.. I'm pretty sure that besides the Chinese garden at the Jardin Botanique, they are the only place where you can find a Mahjong game! Funnily enough, the selection of New age stuff is pretty neat: Tarot cards, runes and whatnot. Speaking of cards, I go bonkers for their playing cards selection! From Eco-friendly to standard casino cards, you can choose from glow-in-the-dark decks to Playboy themed decks, not forgetting my favourites: James Bond playing cards! The cashier is a bit brisk (or is it just that I'm awed at her accent?), the space cramped but the service is available and cordial! If you're a gamer of any sort, come back frequently, they organize game nights held at the back of the store!
5	When you work somewhere, you get to know what a place is about - its culture, its ethics, its people. There's so many places out there that you think are cool and ethical and fun, but really they're not.  Valet isn't one of those places. I used to work there, so I know, dudes. It was an awesome place to work at and it's an awesome place to shop for all of your gaming-puzzles-tarot cards-b-day gift in a pinch needs. The people who work there are honest and friendly and knowledgeable and care about what they do. So many times I've gone in and talked to the owner Ted or one of the guys in the back and have asked them to recommend a game and man, you know they know what they're talking about and you end up walking out with 2 games instead of 1 but it doesn't matter cause they're both way fun.
5	What a great find! Best game selection I've seen! Lots of stuff to keep a geek looking around for a while!
5	Best games place in Montreal, always very busy, but the staff is VERY knowledgeable. Be prepared to wait on a weekend, or try going on a weekday to get a table without a wait. There are so many games here to discover it almost feels a shame to play a game you know. The staff will sometimes play a round of a game with you to help you get started if you don't know the rules of the game. Decent beverage selection, but the best thing to order is the glass of candy.
