5	Cycle Technique is a great shop catering both to pure cyclists and to the triathlon crowd. Their friendly and knowledgeable staff will be able to give you great advice for all you cycling, running and swimming needs.In addition to all the great stuff you can buy at the shop they are the only store in town that also has a full blown training centre, which includes a spin room and endless pool. Whether you've worked up your  appetite as a result of a big workout in the spin room or  a shopping spree,  there is also a cafe right in the shop where you can grab a sandwich and a cappuccino before hitting the road.The guys at CT have always gone the extra mile for me, getting my bike ready on short notice when their in peak season and even lending me a bike to race on when they found a crack in my frame.
1	My boyfriend and I both brought our bikes here at the beginning of the season.  We each got a tune up, a couple flats changed, new brake-pads and I got new baskets and handlebars as well.First off, this place is very, very busy and not fast at all.  After dropping our bikes off we were told it would take a week and a half, and they would call us.  They never called, I called them and was told the bikes had been ready for days.  Well, that would have been nice to know!  We went in and picked our bikes up.  In addition to not calling us when they were ready, when they rang us up the price came up to an extra $20 more than they had quoted us on the phone.  After I complained, they took it off, but they still did not seem very organized for a very expensive bike shop (we paid $190).What we got for our money was very disappointing.  The bikes seemed as if...well, as if nothing had been done other than the extra changes we had asked for.  We had each paid $50 for a tune-up (that was apparently impossible to opt-out of when coming in for a flat) and had been reassured that every bolt, gear, brake, etc would be checked.  I have had good tune-ups before and in my experience they are worth it, but with this one the bike really felt as if nothing had been done other than the minor changes I had paid extra for.  The bikes hadn't even been cleaned or lubed up.  In addition to the tune-up seeming non-existent, my boyfriend's tires had not been pumped up all the way, his brake pads scraped against his tires, and my handlebars were too long and out of alignment with the wheel.A couple days after picking up our bikes, we went on a long bike ride.  First we stopped by Cycle Technique to get his tire's pumped up and our brakes adjusted.  We felt very rushed, they would barely let us speak before running off the computer to check if what we said matched up with the services we paid for (it did).  After that, we went off.After about 30 minutes my boyfriend's tire went flat!  Luckily we were right next to Ca Roule Montreal, and brought it in there.  In about 10 minutes the repairman there looked at the wheel and went through and pulled out about 6 sharp pieces of jagged metal.  Oh, I wonder why he got a flat!  They fixed the flat and sent us on our way, no problems since.So in addition to being rushed, disorganized, expensive, and with a long wait, their $50 "check every bolt" tune-up apparently isn't thorough enough to find sharp pieces of jagged metal in the wheel while you're changing the tire.Overall a bad experience.
1	OH, Cycle Technique, I had high hopes for you as you are in my neighborhood and by all appearances look like you are a knowledgeable bike shop. However I should know never to judge a book by its cover, I've been burned three times by you guys, you've wasted my time and money. I have purchased 3 tire tubes from you in the span of 3 months. On my first occasion I was left standing in your repair shop being ignored for about 20 minutes. Then your staff member rolled his eyes and reluctantly acknowledged my presence with a "YESS?". I asked for a 700 23c regular presta valve, you gave me a box that stated 700 28c , I asked if you were sure this would fit my 700 23c and you told me yes. Unfortunately, it didn't so back to CT in exchange for the right size. The following tube lasted all of four weeks, so back I go on foot because you are close and again yet another tube. Three weeks.  So I returned to your shop in search of a possibly stronger tire tube? maybe?I gave you one star because I was greeted promptly when I returned- shouldn't we be on a first name basis by now?-  the person on staff was very engaging and helpful. HOWEVER I was sent home yet again with the wrong tube this tube is a 32c and not a presta valve. Had I not given you the benefit of the doubt again I would have checked the box before I left CT.I currently have a flat tire and a tube that is too big and has the wrong valve. Should I return?Fool me once, fool me twice.....
1	My first experience purchasing a bike 2 years ago was fantastic due to the staff. Though when I recently tried to buy a bike for my girlfriend, I was met with a rude sales manager who was more focused on talking to me like a salesman than being helpful with my purchase. I purchased the same bike at Le Yeti for less and has a great experience. As cycle technique is close to home I figured I would still give them my business when I need parts... It didn't work out as I was ignored today there too. I hope they get their passion back and that their customer service becomes important again.
