2	If I could I would give this place a 2.5, but since I had to pick I decided to give them a 2.  I eat a lot of Vietnamese food, and I found this place to be on the lower end of average.  My parents go here sometimes because it is closer to our house than Ben Thanh, but I wont go to this place again.  There is nothing really wrong with the food, but there isn't really anything right about it.  I ordered the chicken bun, and the the chicken was fatty and the fish sauce was just slightly off.  If you do end up at Saigon, order the pho, it isn't bad.
1	Skip this one.
5	This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte. I like the food here because it's not catered to only Americans, the recipes are actually authentic.  The service was great!!!  Eating here on Sundays are good, they have a variety of Chinese and Vietnamese food at the buffet!Pho: goodEggrolls: yummy!!!rice plates: the pork chop was the best!Noodles and grilled beef: scrumptiousAvocado shake: excellent!There are many more dishes on the menu, however those are the few that I always order.
2	This was my 1st time ever eating Vietnamese food, & let me start by saying that I hate Chinese food, so you can see where I'm going with this. Maybe if I were to like these types of food, then this place wouldn't have been so bad, but for me I'd rather stay away from this type of food.From the outside, this looks like your normal shopping center restaurant, small & quaint. But this place is freaking huge...I was absolutely shocked. I don't know if they ever get enough people to fill it up, but they have A LOT of seating. The whole place is open, with nothing but tables & chairs throughout the whole place. No walls, decorative pieces, nothing but space & seating.I went with an old coworker that likes this type of food so he had some suggestions for me as I frowned across the menu. Maybe to a Vietnamese connoisseur this food would be appealing, but to me everything just sounded like something I'd rather not eat. I will say that while I wasn't exactly thrilled with eating the food, they do give you huge portions.Saigon Palace is not your typical shopping center restaurant, with its size really setting it apart. The food is probably good if you're in to that type of thing, but for me it just wasn't good. I'm sure you could get a seat here pretty quickly anytime of the day, for any size group, considering how abundant seating is. Vietnamese just isn't for me & I'll stay away in the future...but at least I tried it...
2	I am probably a Vietnamese restaurant owner's least favorite customer - growing up with excellent Vietnamese restaurants in Orange County, CA, I admit, I can be hyper critical.  By the same token, satisfy my hunger for comfort food and I will sing a restaurant's praises until the cow's come home.Saigon Palace is the first Vietnamese restaurant I've eaten at in Charlotte.  When I saw the unassuming strip mall and the restaurant sign, I had to stop and try a taste of home.The restaurant is spacious, more like a Chinese banquet hall then is typical of a Vietnamese restaurant.  The menu has the usual staples, but somewhat concerning were the Chinese dishes and buffet that they offered - all atypical of a "real" Vietnamese restaurant.  However, the staff were indeed Vietnamese (I could understand what they were saying.)I ordered the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (Vermicelli, Pork and Egg Rolls).  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  The dipping sauce was very sweet and did not have the body and depth of good dipping sauces.  The meat was cooked well and pretty good.  The egg roll was mediocre.  As a whole, the dish was average.  Priced around $8, I am sorry, but I expect more.I'd try it again, but wasn't all that impressed during my first visit.  The atmosphere is confusing - with buffet tables and a large interior, it left me cold.
3	Saigon is our "regular" go to place for Vietnamese food, enjoying their lunch specials at least once a month. For those that prefer Chinese, they offer some of those plates as well, but they're mostly batter-fried chicken in various sauces with soup, fried or white rice, and an egg roll.The Pho Ga is delicious with a healthy portion of white meat chicken, vegetables and noodles in a bowl big enough to take a swim. With it comes a plate of fresh basil, bean sprouts, hot peppers and limes if you like adding any of those to this delicious chicken soup.Good service, the staff refills drinks and checks on things often but not too often. In addition to the usual fountain drinks (Pepsi products), they also have bubble drinks (like a fruit smoothie with tapioca beans in there) and vietnamese coffee (french drip into cool sweetened milk). I haven't tried either, but they certainly look good.They do have two long buffet tables but I've never seen them set up or stocked during the weekday lunch times. I'll have to come back on a weekend to give their buffet a try.
4	Order pho, may i suggest the 61?  Everything thing else is at your own risk.
3	This was my first experience with Vietnamese food.  I had a #39 (beef on white rice with a spring roll).  I was very pleased and would like to go again and try different dishes.  I will admit the food was a tad bland for my taste -- but after adding some soy sauce, heaps of chili oil, and squeezing a wedge of lime over it, my entree became very savory.  The service was good; my drink stayed full.  I really enjoyed the decor.  There were at least two large fish tanks that looked very clean and housed gigantic, interesting looking fish.  The place has a distinctly Asian feel that isn't done justice by its strip mall exterior.  I don't have other Vietnamese restaurants to compare it to (yet) but I would happily make another dinner trip to Saigon Palace.
4	Rad, chrome and red, amazing prehistoric fish-tanked Oriental dining hall aesthetic. Large lazy susan full to overflowing with condiments (fish sauce! oil based chili that isn't as hot as it looks! etc) and utensils sitting in the middle of your table. Decent selection of tofu entrees and apps, but the veggie pho is where it's at. Ever since our Viet-training-wheel event, I've been semi-obsessed with vegetarian pho and have had it at a number of queen city mainstays - but Saigon's is best, has all the correct additions, and is almost the cheapest. So that's awesome.Other than that, the menu is ok but less extravagant than BT's or LV's. Those guys set a high bar, and there it is. But as they do not have a vegetarian pho option, I will drive out here to order Saigon's. Happily.
4	3.75 starsI love Vietnamese food and I can be picky since I know what good homemade Vietnamese food is supposed to taste like. I usually manage my expectations when I'm outside of areas that could be called "little saigon."Came here when I was visiting my friend in Charlotte. The pho was pretty good. I was also intrigued by the idea of a AYCE vietnamese buffet. So of course, we had to come back and partake of it. I was impressed by the variety of Vietnamese dishes and soups. It was nice to see more than just pho. Don't get me wrong, I love pho, but it's great for people to see that there's more to viet cuisine than that one dish. Everything tasted pretty close to authentic. Also a number of central dishes (mmm, bun bo hue!)Good viet food at decent prices. I'm a fan!
4	Friendly staff and tasty food. Great atmosphere. Very memorable experience.
4	I grew to appreciate Vietnamese food after graduating college. I was living in an are up north that had a sizable Southeast Asian community, and there were at least six Vietnamese restaurants within walking distance of my house. Not having a lot of spare cash coupled with the fact that the Vietnamese eateries were quite affordable meant that my friends and I would quite often find ourselves with bellies full of pho and vietnamese iced coffee. Fast forward many years later and I'm glad to find that there is an excellent choice for Vietnamese food a quick hop from my current abode.I've been to dine at Saigon Palace close to a dozen times and it has been consistently good. The staff has been friendly, the service great, and the food has been extremely tasting and satisfying. The Pho is quite good as is the Bun. Also, the quail appetizer is outstanding. I did manage to make it to their Sunday buffet lunch which was very cool. It was packed and the place was buzzing with families and large groups happily chowing down and enjoying the food and conversation.  Saigon Palace has pretty much everything I could ask for in a regular dining stop.
4	Best Pho in the area!I was skeptical because most authentic pho places I've been to are too ghetto to have tacky chandeliers. I leave that up to the Chinese places. This was not the cheapest I've had, nor the most generous... but it hit the spot. The broth was good. The noodles were the right texture. It had a variety of meats that most people cannot identify for just around $8.Plus, service was pretty quick. Spring rolls were ok but they came out at lightning speed. Also, they allow you to pay individually and use credit cards!!
3	Unfortunately, I must retract my previous statement.The best pho is no longer here, the noodles are not quite right (too mushy and grainy), and the broth is not that flavorful. They do accept AMEX though. Note: the Pho Ga is not bad because the chicken is tender.See Viet-Thai grille for the best pho and pad thai ever!
4	Ever since I moved to the South Park area I have been a regular at Saigon Palace since I'm Asian and love to eat pho! Pho is a vietnamese noodle soup usually w/ beef broth and its super yummy! Although if you are a pho lover, Saigon's pho is very average. Its kind of soggy, but is still decent. I do love their combination vermecili salad and fresh summer rolls. We also never leave without getting a bubble tea to go! On Sunday they have a Vietnamese buffet; so if you love Vietnamese food or want to try a variety of Vietnamese food; Sunday would be the best day to go. We never do the buffet since pho is not included in the buffet. Overall the place is clean, big, and their service is great!
5	I agree with others, this is the best Vietnamese in Charlotte.  I am not a pho fan, so I am not going to dish on the pho (good or bad).  What I do love, and I consider this the best Asian dish I've ever eaten, are the vermicelli bowls.I usually get the shrimp/chicken/chia gao combo vermicelli bowl.  The shrimp is grilled with a spice combination that I am desperate to duplicate on my own.  I've never had grilled shrimp so tasty.  Throw in the sweet and sour fish sauce on top of the mint leaves, crushed peanuts, sprouts, carrots and lettuce (plus dab a spoon full of crushed chili), and you have one incredible bowl of flavor.  The grilled pork is also good on this dish.Throw in the fact the wait staff is attentive and friendly, and you have a wonderful dining experience waiting for you here (yeah, I work in advertising, why do you ask?)
5	Best Vietnamese place in Charlotte so far !!! Great food , excellent service !
4	Excellent vietnamese food in a nice, quiet friendly atmosphere.
4	I've been eating at Saigon Palace for about 10 years now. When I worked in the South Park area, I usually went once a week.The pho is consistently very very good. I have had many different variations and they have all been wonderful. I can truthfully say that I have never had anything but excellent service and excellent food.The owner and her staff are always friendly and nice. If the owner is at the restaurant when I visit, she never fails to speak to me and make sure my meal was good.After a long stint of working at home I am now working in south Charlotte again. I'm glad I can visit one of my favorite restaurants again on a regular basis!
4	Not the worse, but far from the best. Consistent and reliable is what they are. The brunch here is always a steal with a great selection of traditional dishes and desserts.Pho is okay and so are the other dishes. Service is pretty good and they'll easily take care of a large group. They need a little guidance on splitting checks though.
4	Wonderful fresh food!  I've never had a bad dish here, and just enjoyed the vermicelli with shrimp and the crispy spring roll....so delicious!  The staff is very friendly.  I'll be back soon!
4	Great place for a quick and healthy lunch.  Saigon isn't my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town but it is definilty a tasty bite.  I decided on the vermicelli and beef lunch special - a huge portion for under $10.I saw some chinese menu options as well so if your not big on the Vietnamese food know that you can still choose from a wide selection of menu items.  The staff is very friendly and I love the giant fish tank behind the register.  I heard around town that there seafood hot pot for 2 rocks.  I'll be back to try some more items for sure.
5	THis place is the best in town.  On Sunday they have a Vietnamese buffet with everything.  They are friendly and the food is perfect.  They also have bubble teas.  Yummy.  One of my favorite places to eat.  They also have a Chinese menu too.  You will love it.
5	always fresh! even have lunch buffet!
5	We live nearby and have only been for dinner and takeout.  We've never been disappointed.  They are very friendly and so far everything we've tried has been so delicious!  If you are not familiar with vietnamese food, we love how light and fresh everything tastes.
4	Having recently discovered a true affection for Vietnamese food, I've been trying to find the best restaurants to go in Charlotte.  On Monday, we tried Vietnam Grille (delicious!)  But by Thursday we were still in the mood for more Vietnamese, so last night we checked out Saigon Palace about 4 blocks from VG.  I'm happy to say that our food was pretty much on par with VG, and my boyfriend actually preferred his pho at SP.  We got almost exactly the same thing that we did at Vietnam Grille so we could compare: he got pho with brisket and steak, and I got bun with chicken and a spring roll.  We started the meal with fresh spring rolls wrapped in rice paper and served with peanut sauce--it wasn't my favorite and I probably wouldn't get them again.  But when the entrees came out--watch out!  The pho had cilantro, which I missed from VG, and the meat was done perfectly.  Only one fatty piece, which is pretty good.  I loved my bun even more, which had a lot of chicken (more than VG), well seasoned and tasty, and the sauce that came with it (mirin with some other things) we mixed with hoisin and soy, and it was delicious.  And we both had enough for leftovers!Very happy we now have TWO great places to go to satisfy our bun/pho cravings!
5	Best Pho in Charlotte!  Thoroughly enjoy everything I've tried on the menu.  Try the iced coffee.
4	I've eaten many a bowls of pho in my lifetime, and have been to most of the Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte. I would say this place is pretty decent, although not spectacular. Compared to phos of other Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte it tastes very similar. I think the one thing that stands out about this place is that they have buffet on the weekends. I have never gotten the buffet but plenty of people do. They do get very busy on the weekends and that speaks well for the restaurant. A lot of asians frequent this restaurant and that also goes to show that they have some pretty authentic food. As for the pho, I would say the broth is decent. I haven't really  They used to put more meat in their bowl, but as it has been with most restaurants recently, everyone is putting less and less ingredients in their dishes. Must be the economy. They do give plenty of sides (bean sprouts, basil, peppers, lime) unlike some other restaurants. Their semi-raw steak is very thinly sliced, which is good for both the restaurant and myself.I'm pretty sure they put a good bit of MSG in their broth though because I get the after effects of it (drowsiness, dry throat). Although, that's not a deal breaker for me since it makes the food taste better. Just have to drink plenty of water if you plan on drinking the broth.Something about the service at this restaurant. This is really strange. Apparently they don't have waiters working in sections, their waiters work the entire restaurant. So we had a lot of overlapping service which became extremely annoying the course of the meal went on. We had a waiter come up to us to ask for our drinks. We told him. 3 minutes later, another waiter came up to take our drink orders. Same thing happened with our food order. It was funny at first. Then one waiter kept asking my friend if she would like to have bubble tea. My friend told the waiter no, and he asked her, really? Are you sure? So my friend, being nice, told the waiter that she would think about it and order it if she wanted it. Another "Sure?" Yes, she was definitely sure now that she didn't want a bubble tea. During the course of the meal 3 different waiters stopped by multiple times to ask us how the meal was, but we were very engaged in our conversation so it got pretty annoying. On its face you might consider this good service, but I would call it disorganized service. Still the food is good enough, and the location in close proximity enough to me that I will still go eat at this restaurant once a month. So I'll give it a low 4 star.
5	My favorite restaurant in town, hands down!Although they have a full Chinese menu, you do yourself a great disservice to order from it.  Vietnamese fare is much lighter and full of flavor than what most Chinese restaurants serve!Your best bet is to order either rice noodle soup (pho) or a noodle bowl.  My absolute favorite meal of all time is Pho Tai: a bed of rice noodles topped with thinly sliced beef, green and white onions, and an amazing broth.  You get to add fresh basil, lime, hot sauce (to taste), and bean sprouts.  I have a nearly ritual habit of leaning over my bowl to inhale deeply of the aroma before digging in.Vegetarians and vegans have some fairly extensive choices available as well.  The Pho Che (veggie soup) is wonderful as well, with fried tofu and succulent broccoli.  If it's too hot out for you to try the soup, a cool noodle bowl topped with beef, chicken, shrimp, or tofu is just the thing!Just how good is it?  Our children (10 and 7) regularly ask to go to the Saigon Palace to have the seafood noodle soup.
5	What a great family restaurant here in Charlotte, NC.  One of the restaurants that I miss after moving away.  The family that run the restaurant are great and the food makes you feel so much better.  The Pho soups are wonderful with #78 being my favorite, fresh vegetables and broth that are actually hard to find in today's restaurants that are over processed.  The curry dishes are amazing, try the chicken or shrimp curry, I think one of the best in town.  Also their other dishes such as the lemon grass have an amazing sauce.  Great place to go to in the area, prices are not high and the portions are great for a big appetite.  Say hello for us if you decide to go and I don't think that you will be disappointed.
4	I normally order fried Vietnamese eggrolls along with a pho whenever I go to a Vietnamese restaurant and that is exactly what I did today. It was the first time I had the fried eggrolls served without any veggies at all. I thought it was strange to see the eggrolls by themselves. I was so accustomed to eat the eggrolls wrapped in veggies, dipped in the fish sauce. Their fish sauce had a surprising touch of garlic and chopped red pepper, The eggroll itself was not so inspiring. Having sad that, the pho itself was wonderful. This was one of the most visually pleasing looking pho I had in a long time. All the proper combination of fresh veggies and beef parts were mixed in right proportion. The broth tasted slightly flat, however.Very clean restrooms, but in serious need of upgrades.Friendly employees and good service. I will definately go back whenever I have a pho craving on my CLT layover.
2	OK place, but nothing special.We had the some spring rolls a beef combo pho, a seafood combo, and a tofu-over-noodles disk.The spring rolls were decent, as was the dipping sauce.The phos had a good mix of ingredients but the broths were thin and not particularly flavorful. The beef pho broth was missing star anise. Both phos had noodles that apparently had not been soaked long enough and were very clumpyThe owner?/manager?/hostess? stopped by our table and spent a long time complaining to us about her neighborhood and son. Unclear why, but we really didn't need to hear it.
3	I've never been impressed, but I know I can get a pretty solid meal here. (Well at least during lunch, since I've yet to venture here for dinner.) The chinese lunch specials are pretty decent, the pho is edible, though sometimes a little thin and the noodles ALWAYS come in a huge clumped mess... I'm constantly having to tear the ball apart with my chopsticks. However, the meats on top are always generous portions and fairly nice cuts. I've dabbled with some of their other soup selections, but I've always gone back to the phos.The service is just what you need to get in and out during your lunch hour without feeling rushed, and the larger space definitely gives a bit more a bustling ambiance than some of the smaller asian restaurants in town, especially if they pack you in an area surrounded by other full tables. Definitely a little louder than some other lunch spots I hit, but in a good way, I don't feel like everything I say is echoing off the walls.
3	pho was just okay to me. not bad, but not outstanding. i've had better and even had the option to choose a larger size at viet-thai (close to pineville). my husband got a different noodle dish, and he was only slightly enthused by it. we also ordered a honeydew boba, and i was happy with the taste of the drink but not the texture of the boba pearls. they were super over-cooked and way too soft. i had to stir the drink a bunch to allow the drink to cool the pearls off, so they would harden up enough to be less of a gross texture. service was good, so that was good for them. don't get me wrong. food was palatable and all that. just not the best i've had.overall, i don't think i will go back here knowing that i can get better somewhere else. sorry saigon palace...
4	Imagine. It's winter, the wind is blowing against the wall, cold. What should you get for lunch or dinner? What comes to mind is to get pho I do when the weather gets cold. Pho Dac Biet all the way! Goi Cuon is also delicious here.Inside this restaurant it's very spacious and has a nice chandelier hanging from the ceiling. It's very bright and usually the restaurant is playing Vietnamese music. The waiters are nice and we we're seated quickly.This is probably one of the only pho places that I truly like in Charlotte. Their calamari is also a definite must get when I come here. And the portions are reasonable. There is a buffet during the weekends and it's recommended to go there early, because it gets a little hectic. However at the buffet, there are lots of choices of food to choose from and it's all delicious. The one to point out to those quail lovers is that they have that during the buffet and it's well seasoned.Overall, I know I'm coming back. So that should say how I feel about this restaurant.
4	Service was great. For this meal I ordered the Bun cha gio thit nuong, pho dac biet and rice paper rolls. The cost of the food was average for the area. The pork in my dish was wondeful. Had a great taste. I do think the noodles could have been cooked slightly longer. The atmosphere is casual and slightly busy for a weekday. I felt the tables were a little to close together. At least in our case they were. We could hear every part of the conversation of the table next to us. This could be that they were absolutely rude and very loud. Im aware that some of the dishes are hard to pronounce when ordering but to intentionally butcher the names and laugh was dissrespectful. Then again this truly doesnt have much to do with the restaurant itself but the people at the next table. Its why I bring up the issue of the tables being close together. The Pho itself was a really large portion which made my husband very happy. He had a hard time finishing,  which is rare. The noodles were cooked enough and did not remain in clumps. He ordered the dac biet version which usually comes with pieces of tripe. In this case it was cut into strips. We will definately visit again.
3	I've only had the Chicken Bun (pronounced boon) and the Chicken Salad. The food is consistently good and the ingredients are always fresh. My only gripe is that they are overpriced! The chicken salad is $9.78 and consists of a grilled chicken breast, shredded cabbage and carrots, cilantro, crushed peanuts and fish sauce.
5	Love this place! Great vegetarian options! Tofu and broccoli in black bean sauce is a personal favorite. The flavored are delicious and the food is very fresh. Great for take out too!
4	I love the pho gah here! Im giving 4 stars for 2 reasons. One, the service is usually slow. Nice but slow. Two, it's a little pricey. I ordered an appetizer and pho gah and it was $18. I would recommend this place though!
4	Saigon Palace doesn't stack up to Ben Thanh or Pho Hoa but I do think they're better than Saigon grill up the street so if you're on South blvd and need some Vietnamese I'd come here instead.
2	Did I just get punked?Seriously, 4 star rating.  I can expect something at least pretty good right???  Boy was I wrong.  Let me break it down for ya.Pho dac biet - Tasted okay.  Expensive as hell.  10 for a regular? Get a xe lua and you're looking at Vegas prices.Com bi xuon chung - Okay, 10 dollars for... a few slices of cucumber and tomato,  a fork full of bi, 1 highly undercooked egg, and the toughest slice of porkchop I have ever had.  The overall problem besides the tough as leather meat, was the pretty bad nuoc mam.Bun Bo Xao - The friggin noodles were so undercooked.  And again, the nuoc mam was blah.To sum it all up... MEEEEHHH.  The food was all just MEH for a big price tag.  Maybe, the reviews are good because this is the best the area has to offer.  I was ready for Ashton Kutcher to pop out at any time to save me from the MEHness.
5	Some of the best Vietnamiese food around! I cannot recommend them highly enough! We drive over an hour just to eat here!
3	Charlotte always seems to have a plethora of Vietnamese pho restaurants in town. With so many selections it always seems to come down to choice and what you like and don't like. Better yet, know and don't know about pho and Vietnamese cuisine. Coming from a household that actually cooks pho, I think I know what a traditional and healthy bowl is. Meaning your broth isn't made from concentrate and instead made from ox tails, packs of seasoning that contain star anise and Saigon cinnamon and so on. And most importantly, NO MSG. There's no need to have a flavor enhancer in a broth if the broth is made with wholesome ingredients. And lets think about that. Big old pot of water, ox tails and seasoning doesn't cost that much. A restaurant can easily make their money back by serving one table alone. That's something I wish they did here. The broth was sub-par and lacked the kick of cinnamon and the smokey aroma of black cardamom. It was just ok. Nothing special and really memorable coming from the soup. The beef brisket was high in fat and the beef tripe was a nail sized sliver dashed throughout the soup. Like I said, nothing special. The garnishes were very fresh though and I was thoroughly pleased with that. Service was attentive and fast.What really killed me was the price. Nearly $10 for a bowl of soup. It's difficult for me to even justify that price in my own head. Rice noodles, broth, veggies, and meat. That's all a bowl of pho really is. It shouldn't cost more than $6 a bowl. I don't own a restaurant though, so who I am to say? If you're in the area and don't have time to make it to another pho restaurant in town, this location will suppress your craving.*They do have much more than pho though and I will definitely come back to try their spring rolls and bun thit nuong.
5	Saigon Palace is one of my favorite Vietnamese places in Charlotte. Overall this place is great because there is never a problem getting in with a large group and the service is nice. The banh xeo is a winner and it's a fabulous, low-key spot for a group interested in talking and eating rather than being with the "in-crowd".
3	After reading the reviews, and being a vietnamese/pho fan, I decided to check out Saigon Palace this past Sunday.  Having never been, I checked out the buffet, which had a great selection, I was a little overwhelmed and asked to order from the menu. Maybe not the right choice since the menu was 7+ pages long, with very little descriptions.  I started with the spring rolls & peanut sauce, and the egg drop soup, both very good. I then ordered the shrimp with vegetables and fried rice. The portions were very large, which I enjoyed for dinner, but both good.  I will say the fried rice was the BEST I have found in Charlotte!As for the three, here goes.  Although the food was good, I was disappointed with the overall service.  There are plenty of waiters there to attend to you, however, there isn't one specifically assigned to your table so there are different people bringing the water, meal, receipt, etc. which turned out to be a mess. And, without knowing how the restaurant works I felt a little out of place.  I will say that I will definitely go back and try the buffet as that seemed to be the thing to do among most of the other patrons.Overall I enjoyed the meal and would recommend this spot for vietnamese and pho lovers.
5	This is technically 4.6 stars, but I caved and made it a Fiver!I am a huge fan of vietnamese cuisine, and have worked at Lime & Basil over in Chapel Hill. My taste for pho is quite discerning, and this place definitely delivers. Although the broth is a bit light, it is DELICIOUS. Pho is my go-to food when I'm sick, and this place never lets me down. The service is wonderful, and the owner herself constantly buzzes around, making suggestions and making sure everything is covered. This place is also extremely veggie-friendly: there is a special section in the menu for my Hindu parents :)My only (slight) complaint is that the chili sauce they offer is not the traditional sambal oelek, but rather an off-shoot form of it. Other than that though, a wonderful restaurant with affordable dishes and a casual but clean atmosphere!
4	A real strip mall gem.  If you are staying at the Four Points around the corner and you don't feel like BBQ tonight, I suggest going here.  The food is great and it's open until 10 pm. The decor seems authentic, at least to someone like myself who has not been to Vietnam.  There is a giant fish tank.  The large dining area contains plenty of round tables with lazy Susans.  I'd suggest sitting at one of these even if it's just a small group, because a booth table will fill up quickly with little plates, large bowls and beers.  Plus, you can play Wheel of Pho-tune with your buddies.  The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The menu contains hundreds of items and is numerically organized.  Our waiter didn't write anything down, so there was some suspense after the ordering process.  But, as far as I could tell, everything we ordered came out exactly how we ordered it.     Food-wise: Don't bother with the shrimp appetizer.  The cucumber salad was OK. I recommend this stuff: Butter fried Quail.Chicken Pho Vietnamese pancake with pork and beefGlass noodles with beef Spring Rolls.  Another group we were with tried the beef and seafood Phos and had nothing but good things to report.  All in all, a dining experience you will never Pho-get.
3	Got a seafood Pho soup with rice noodles. It was tasty, but they were really stingy on the meat for the prices they are charging!
4	Not bad.The pho broth was a little on the weak side, but definitely beefy. The meat was good, though a little less red than desired, but plentiful.The bean sprouts were day old and the lettuce in the fresh rolls was rather green an wilted.The grilled pork was very tasty though and they obliged me and made the fresh rolls with grilled pork. 80% of the tables had Asian people sitting at them, though this place is a buffet restaurant at some point in the week. I was concerned that the front door says the place to go for Vietnamese and Chinese food, but they did a decent enough job with their Pho today.So I went back a few more times and it was consistent...I'm happy with it here. It is the best in the world? No. Is it confusing that no one in the restaurant seemed to have Vietnamese food and everyone was eating what looked like Chinese food? Yes...do I really care?No!So, if you are in Charlotte and going to be near the airport, head by here, it's only about an 8 minute drive from the Airport on South Something or other
4	This place is good. The pho is great. It's clean and the service is great. Spring rolls are worth a try too and the ice coffee.
4	The Pho King of NC. Delicious Pho and strong Cafe. When I am on the south side I always drop in.
4	I won't pretend that I'm any kind of pho expert (this was only my second time), but I absolutely loved my dinner here. I had the chicken pho (I know, I know - total newb move) and it was comforting, hot, delicious, and fresh. I loved the addition of all the veggies (broccoli, onions, basil, carrots) and definitely added my fair share of Sriracha. My dining companion, a pho expert, said he likes Vietnam Grille better, but I liked this place - big, clean, open. I'll go back!
4	Food was good, service was excellent, my ice tea must have been refilled once every 2-5 minutes depending on how much I drank. The pho came in a huge bowl and was very tasty. The veggies in the spring rolls tasted very fresh. Definitely would go back for a second time.
4	All the MEATS. Great flavor by themselves (without any extra sauce) .  The "sweet and sour" fish sauce is very good too!MEATBALL in competition with Doan's and Ben Thanh though not quite as good... Comes in Third place and a Close Third place!!! PORK chop Thick and looks like at Grandma's Meat and 3 except Southern Cooking with Much more flavor, Ginger and Spices all subtle Beef (Grilled) better than most!Chicken nice flavor!Shrimp FLAVORFUL L L!  Grilled, more Flavor than almost all Vietnamese shops!Rice is plain as.... This is "Com" it is supposed to be plain!Pho... The sweet smell of Boiling Bones, this one is pretty good!Vietnamese Style Iced Coffee is 100% If you have never had it and like a Sweet Coffee Flavor this is a nice Dessert (sweetened with Sweetened Condensed Milk).Service. One non-Asian dude was going to wait on me for some reason I look like I tip real well??? A girl who spoke English fairly well (it was ok) wanted to see if she could take my order... If you need something ALL THE young Dudes working here Asian and non speak and understand English Very well. Some if the girls speak very little English and you may not notice they are All very good and if you do not need anything out of the ordinary (Rod0) is here and he wants something most do not know is possible or would not imagine would be or are afraid to ask... Do NOT be afraid... If you are reading this far you are Brave enough!What does ordering OFF the Menu mean to you???  Since I say it like that you probably know I mean NOT ordering FROM the menu or in so many words making up an ideal dish and asking IF it can be done... It CAN for $17.95.... SOLD!!! OK,  I had a price in mind ($3.00 more) so I agree to their price!From previous experiences before, not factored into the overall star rating of this review :  :Lemongrass stir fry should be avoidedMost of the Vietnamese dishes rated by me range from 2-4 yelp starsChinese dishes are better than many Chinese restaurants though not good enough to repeat.If it is important the Decor is wonderfully Gaudy like a nicely Typical Chinese restaurant and nicer looking than most Vietnamese restaurants!  Lots of Red!  No privacy, more like a High School Cafeteria style openness so my friend Mr. Hoy will not eat here
5	I have been frequenting this restaurant since Ken and Maria opened the doors many years ago.  The food is simply delicious, and I have been hard pressed to find a restaurant that stacks up in comparison to Ken's delicious Pho and Cracked Rice Plates.  One of my most favorite things to order here are the fresh Vietnamese spring rolls, they are soooo good.  If you are looking for the best food, in a family friendly and warm and inviting atmosphere, Saigon Palace is highly recommended.  I crave their food at least once a month, and going to this restaurant has become a regular routine for myself and family since I moved here almost 10 years ago.  Oh yah, and don't forget to try an avocado shake...it is absolutely to die for, and a pleasant and refreshing surprise.Penny in Charlotte, NC
2	Meh, definitely meh.I love the decor, it's so tacky, so campy that you know it's for real. That's it.Service was somewhat dysfunctional but no biggie. Both the fresh spring roll and the pork skin roll were completely boring, in spite of the tasty (but I think commercially made) peanut sauce we didn't finish them. My all time favorite Viet dish is spicy lemon grass, here it was offered with chicken. NOT spicy, not particularly tasty either, the veggies were ok but the chicken was tasteless and mealy ... I suspect old. Not bad but not very good, in fact I'd rate Ben Thanh's lemongrass squid is FOUR stars better so there you have it it. The Buhn (bahn?) with fried spring roll, pork and shrimp (3 small ones) was pretty good. Mild again but tasty enough so as not to make me feel completely cheated, just disappointed.I don't know if the owners stopped trying or if they never did, but there's a defeated atmosphere in the air, maybe because compared to the competition I'd rate them dead last?
5	When you think of Sunday brunch Vietnamese food is typically not at the top of the list, but after visiting Saigon Palace you'll quickly change your mind.  I've been going to this spot for months now and it has consistently been a wonderful experience.If you're unfamiliar with Vietnamese food then this is a great place to start.  They have plenty of options if you're a hardcore vegetarian and lots to choose from if you LOVE pork.  Their normal menu is a bit on the pricey side, so I suggest doing the Sunday brunch buffet.  The shrimp spring rolls alone are worth the price of admission and the Vietnamese pancakes (Banh Xeo) are mouth watering.Quick tip, try to go early if you can.  There are many, many families that come here.  For some it's a weekly tradition.  Going early is key to avoiding the rush.  Also, you have to try their Vietnamese iced coffee made with condensed milk.  The combination of espresso and sugar are enough to knock you out of any food coma.
4	If this place wasn't so out of the way for me to get to, I'd go here almost every single opportunity I have.  Having had both the Sunday brunch and Pho off the regular menu, I personally don't think the brunch is all that special; the Summer Rolls were great but I didn't really like much else.  As for the Pho, I cannot begin to describe how fantastic it is.  The soup is good, the texture of the noodles is good and the meat (I always get beef, whether it's meatball, brisket, trite, etc.) is good too!  So many flavors can be stacked here, I love it.
4	You know how people have sugar cravings? I have Pho cravings. One of my happiest days in Charlotte was when I discovered Saigon. I usually have their vegetarian Pho, and have only tried their chicken and tofu entrees, which have all been great.  If you're a tofu fan.. try the Lemongrass tofu!Yesterday for the first time I had the coffee there... it was terrific! Extremely strong french press, with condensed milk, on ice. Granted that the coffee and pho combo is a little weird, so I'd recommend you not consume them simultaneously :P But if you conclude your meal with the coffee, it not only serves as dessert (thanks to the condensed milk), but also prevents food coma.
5	33 Export Vietnamese beer!  My favorite Vietnamese place!I enjoyed another huge bowl of bun (my fave).  This time it was no. 46 with grilled chicken and pork spring roll but I also enjoy the one with grilled beef.  My dinner companions also tucked into huge steaming bowls of beef pho and tofu veggie dishes.  We had a round of shrimp and veggie summer rolls in rice paper. Washed it down with "33" Expo vietnamese beer too. Siagon Palace never disappoints!  Huge and savory portions that are "almost" too pretty to eat.  I never have left overs!  A great South Charlotte destination for a taste of Vietnam!
4	I had been this place many time, and the pho (noodle soup ) is my Favorite food, recommend this place have the best pho :)!!
5	I go here once a week, at least, to get the veggie Pho.  Best (and almost only) vegetarian Pho in Charlotte... Highly recommend it!
5	After 3 days of fried road food, pho chat (vegetable pho) at Saigon Palace was ambrosia to my palate. Some of the best I've eaten.
3	Had to make a quick run to CLT... Just got in and had to find some food... Tried this spot the last time I was here and it was pretty good... Only given it three stars because I have only tries two items ... But they could get a possible 4 once I get a feel for there other menu items... The host is cool and friendly :-)
4	Great soups...if you love vietnamese food great place
5	omg this place is awesome! I always get their pho tai, rare beef pho and its soo good. Their spring rolls have shrimp that are always clean, their fried spring rolls are amazing! My husband orders Chinese entrees and those are good too, the meat is never weird, there is enough meat, the sauce is delicious! This place is great, great honey dew bubble tea as well. The servers are very friendly and are accommodating to my toddler too.
4	I have eaten here at least once a month for the past 3 years. When my BF & I can't figure out where to go for dinner, this is our go-to spot. The food is consistently tasty- I've only had a not so great experience with it the first time I came here & the first time I ordered pho. I usually rotate between 2 different apps & 4 different entrees.For apps, I either get the vegetarian summer rolls (#4) or the fried veggie rolls. The summer rolls are filled with mint, bean sprouts, noodles, lettuce, & tofu but I don't really like mint in savory dishes & they have no problem substituting basil in its place. There are 2 pieces per order & it's served with a yummy peanut sauce & I like to squirt tons of sriracha in it.  The fried veggie rolls are not on the menu & I don't think they always have them but try asking & you might get lucky! They are just normal spring rolls but sometimes you just want something crispy to munch on & those summer rolls aren't gonna cut it! I ask for some lettuce pieces & roll the spring roll up & douse it with sriracha! I don't remember how many come in an order but it's either 2 or 4.For my entrees I either get the vegetarian pho wtih tofu (#72), mixed vegetables & tofu in garlic sauce (#92), stir-fried egg noodles with vegetables & tofu (#94), or mixed vegetables & tofu in lemongrass (#98). The vegetables in all of these are pretty much the same (cabbage, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, snow peas, & onions). Once in awhile I will try something different, but these are my favorites.I lost my pho virginity here at Saigon Palace. I think it was sometime in 2011. I was never interested in noodle soup & I didn't understand what was so special about pho & why so many people love it. I decided to give it a try & honestly I did not like it at all. First off- I had no idea that it was going to be COVERED with cilantro. A tiny bit is ok, like in mexican rice or something, but that was awful. I also didn't like the noodles that the pho normally comes with, but my BF told me to get the egg noodles next time. So a few months later I decided to try pho again & ordered it with no cilantro & with egg noodles & it was sooo much better. I added the fresh basil, bean sprouts, limes, jalapenos, & hoisin, & generous amounts of sriracha & I can now say that I am a fan of pho! There is a $1 upcharge to substitute egg noodles in place of the regular noodles but it makes it like 1000000x better!I think on my first visit, I got #92 & I didn't really like it but I went again a few months later & it was really good. I don't really order it anymore because I like the lemongrass tofu better, but it is still an excellent choice. These are both served with white rice but lately I have been getting no rice & extra veggies.For #94 you get your choice of soft noodles or crispy noodles (ALWAYS go crispy!) It is HUGE- basically it is #92 served on a bird's nest of noodles that's almost as big as the plate it's served on. So amazing & so hard for me to share whenever I do order it. This was my shit a couple of years back but I don't order it often anymore because I am pretty sure I gained 10 pounds from this alone. I remember ordering this & a few other dishes with my friend last year. When the server brought this out, some dude at a another table was like 'wtf is that, it looks AWESOME' .. well duh because it is awesome! Do yourself a favor & try this at least once.My BF likes the chicken wings, & the different types of vermicelli dishes with grilled pork or whatever. He also likes all kinds of pho with the weird cuts of meat & stuff (tripe & tendons?) PASS.I think the wines are pretty cheap. I think I ordered a plum wine here once & it was like $3.50/glass which is like half the price elsewhere. Also tried the Vietnamese coffee & recently discovered the avocado smoothie! mmmmmWhile it isn't the best Vietnamese place in Charlotte & I'm not sure how authentic everything is, they make very satisfying meals at reasonable prices. An app or 2 & 2 entrees will come to I believe around $25-$30 + tip & pay at the front.
5	Awesome food, friendly staff, and quick if your on the go and order out! I would like it if it wasn't in such a sketchy spot but hey, the food makes it 5 stars so what ever! I get the veggie Pho and goodness I swear I dream about it. I also have gotten the spicy shrimp with noodles and veggies and it is great! Tons of seating, so if your going with a group you're set, just on Sundays for brunch go early as it gets packed!
5	The food is very fresh and delicious. We had sesame chicken and pork and shrimp bun. We were very hungry and ready to eat so the wait was torture!  It was well worth it though!
3	Before I begin, I must warn that the core of this food - loving being is an old Vietnamese soul with a family that are all masters of Vietnamese cuisine. I grew up cooking and eating Vietnamese food, savoring with all possible senses what every dish entails. Vietnamese cuisine is all about the fresh herbs and vegetables. It doesn't matter if you're making a spring roll to the infamous pho soup broth, there are so many ingredients to titillate your palate. Personally, I think that is what Saigon Palace lacks. I am never guaranteed that my cravings will be fulfilled upon entering and that's quite a let down for any foodie. I do admit that when they are on their game, the food is great! Personally, I don't want to risk the hit or miss wager.If you're new to Vietnamese cuisine and would like an ample selection to sample, I would recommend their Sunday buffet. As Sunday brunch, Saigon Palace serves a good variety of classic Vietnamese dishes such as banh xeo (Vietnamese crepes), grilled quail, various soups (banh canh, curry, bo kho, congee, etc) and desserts. I believe it is only on Sunday, $16 and only lasts til 4. If you're having a hard time figuring out what sauce goes with what dish or what herbs should be eaten to best complement a dish, feel free to ask an employee to help. I'm sure they would gladly lend the knowledge. Even though Saigon Palace does not meet my high standards, overall I do think it is a good family- owned Vietnamese restaurant. The restaurant is clean and filled with friendly staff. The owner will often roam through to make sure everything is to your satisfaction, which is always great. The menu has a vast variety of choices and the portions are always huge.
3	A-OK is a good description for this place. You can definitely get a solid meal here, but I think there are better options out there.After a long day of football, and celebrating a Panthers win, I stopped by here for a warm bowl of comfort. I went with my go-to Vietnamese order: fried spring rolls and pho with meatballs. The spring rolls were just meh. The pho was good. I've had better here in Charlotte. This wouldn't be my first choice, but I will come here again.The service was quick. The workers friendly. There is a super cool fish tank behind the register. I was like a little kid staring at it. Made me think about the scene in Finding Nemo when the little girl's is tapping on the tank and yelling fishy! Gah, I love that movie.Back to Saigon. I have not yet experienced the Sunday buffet. I need to come hit that up after football season. Asian buffets + Nikki = besties.Kudos to Saigon Palace on the new website. It looks so much better!
1	Food is awful and so greasy. Service was good, but food is bleh. Go to Doan's instead.
1	The hot pot was a total disappointment.  Totally not what I expected.  It was more like a soup pre made. No variety to choose from.  I wouldn't recommend that dish if you already know what hot pot is suppose to be.
4	This was my first time eating here.  I was just passing through Charlotte.  Pho was really good.  They did exactly as I asked and brought plenty of bean sprouts and basil.   Along with bringing the meat raw on the side.  They also did it with a smile and charm.  Everyone was very polite and friendly even though we came to eat late that evening.  Really glad this place stays open till 10pm.
3	Came here on Saturday afternoon with Minsters to get pho after a night out. We ended up talking and hanging out in the restaurant for a hour after we finished eating.  Restaurant didn't mind while some places hate it.The place is clean and pretty large.  It must get busier during the buffet hours.  The staff was helpful but nothing special stands out about the service.Pho was a little more than other places, like $1 more.  It's not a huge difference but it's not like their pho has better flavors or portions than other places in Charlotte. TIP: Onion-lovers, ask for a plate of sliced onions and squeeze some Hoisin and Sriracha sauce onto it.  Then coat the raw onion rings well with the sauces.  Grab a little and enjoy it in the same bite with noodles.  Standard trick all pho people should know!dmo out.
5	I haven't had food here that I've been disappointed in. Portions are large and food is prepared quickly. We've taken many out of town guests and other Charlotte friends to dinner here and everyone has enjoyed it.I've ordered pho for dine in and takeout - delicious either way. They package to go orders perfectly so the noodles don't turn into mush. Crab rangoons are my go to appetizer. Usually I go with the vegetarian pho, but last time I tried stir fried egg noodles with mixed vegetables. Really big noodles that were amazing! Might try to get them with less veggies next time so I can stuff my face with more wonderful noodles!Service is always good. They are very attentive and always make sure customers feel welcome.
5	Pho was very good!! I had Rare Beef. Prices were the same as other places in Charlotte. I would come here again.
5	Best Vietnamese in town! I used to live in Laos, and visited Vietnam a number of times. This place is a great memory lane for me. Really quick service, cozy feeling dining hall. I have never done the buffet, I always order strictly Viet food from the menu and have never been let down.
4	Come here probably once a week because is close to work. I only get the pho combination and I'm in and out in less than 40 minutes stuffed to the gills. As for the pho, it's one of the better places in Charlotte, and I've had at least a dozen (trust me, they are out there... and some are atrocious). The freshness of the veggies are ok, I've had a mixed bag from time to time. I've also gone for their weekend brunch. It's pretty good. They have a good selection on Vietnamese dishes and soups. Gives you a pretty good value, but come hungry...The service is on par with other Vietnamese restaurants.
5	I have to say this place is the best pho place I've ever been to, the staffs are very nice and professional always asked if I needed anything and they gave me a lot of food, I've been going to this place for 10 years and it never have disappointed me. I've been to Doan a few times the waiters there are cocky I didn't like the service at all, even tho the food was good. Saigon palace is the only place I would go eat Vietnamese food.
4	During the week it has cheap(er) lunch special. And honestly, I much prefer Saigon Palace over Vietnam Grille from value standpoint; you definitely get more and better food here on any given day.This Sunday I came to try the Sunday buffet ($13.95pp). I think it's worth the money. I love the fried quails which were perfectly seasoned. I think I got $14 worth of quails alone. And if you're into soup, you're in heaven. There were only half a dozen of soup base to choose from (mostly for you to put noodles in, but I kind of eat it plain). I personally thought their stir fried noodles with beef & veggies was the better noodle option. They also had rice soup which sadly I didn't have room for. The disappointing items was the summer rolls, you could tell they're made in a hurry, and the shrimp wasn't fresh. BUT the fried spring rolls more than enough made up for it. Overall for $14 it's a great value for an authentic vietnamese/chinese buffet.
5	The waiters are extremely nice and the food is fresh.  I actually burned my fingers slightly on the crispy spring rolls - made just for me!  The pho is phenomenal.  My personal fave, though, is the cari ga.  Wonderful food and exceptional service.  I'm glad I'm just a stone's throw away from this establishment.
3	A solid spot for Vietnamese food. But as others have said I believe there to be better choices out there. Went for they're famous sunday family brunch buffet. It was crowded, lots of Vietnamese families which is always a good sign. The buffet had quite a few options including several Pho selections. There was a very hearty spicy beef broth that was excellent. My favorite dish was the grilled pork dish which had a slight sweet flavor which was really good. However, the rest of the food was meh ok. I believe Doans and Vietnam grill to be far better than Saigon palace food wise anyway. Overall a solid place but not my favorite.
5	Good amount of food and price is decent
4	The customer service here is amazing! The servers are so helpful and friendly, and they were so patient as my very Russian mother navigated a very unfamiliar Thai/Vietnamese menu.I had the Iced Coffee (great!), Tofu Summer Rolls (fresh!) and Vegetarian Vietnamese Pancakes. While the pancakes themselves were a little too greasy for my tastes, everything was delicious and soooo flavorful! Really glad I came here and didn't give up on South Blvd. Viet/Thai places, especially after my traumatic experience at Doan's...Will definitely be back soon to try the Pho, since practically everyone else was chowing down on it while we were in the restaurant.
2	A huge restaurant with a decent parking space. Upon entering I was very confused by the decor. It would seem that the restaurant was either experiencing an identify crisis between being Chinese/Vietnamese or the Vietnamese people just took over a Chinese restaurant. The decor was also very tacky and outdated. Water lines and paint chipping off is evident around the restaurant. Not detoured by the atmosphere we were seated promptly. The server was nice and the service was decent. We ordered the shrimp spring rolls and garlic chicken. The shrimp spring rolls tasted delightful - fresh and light. On the other hand, the garlic chicken was OKAY. The chicken was cooked perfectly. However the sauce was hideous. You could not taste the garlic and it just seemed like they masked the friend chicken with teriyaki sauce. If i were them I would just dust the chicken with garlic powder and lightly fry it. The price was fair. Overall this place is ok. However due to the tacky decor, identity crisis and weird sauce I would not come back. Cheers!
3	Pho holds a special place in my heart. It's the epitome of amazing comfort food and I'll travel far for a truly great bowlful.With that in mind, I was disappointed by Saigon Palace. It's good, but not great. We had the pho ga and pho tai. They were both fine, but nothing to write home about. At the suggestion of fellow yelpers, we also got an avocado smoothie with boba. The smoothie was delish and creamy, but the boba was terrible. It was break your teeth hard. In my book, serving uncooked boba is unacceptable.
5	Yes!  I found one restaurant that I will likely make one of my regular spots for Vietnamese food! I just attended their Sunday brunch and I admit the selection and quality really impressed me. I've never seem a Vietnamese buffet before. Dim Sum, sure. I will dare say I like this better than Dim Sum. It certainly can be healthier due to the soups and fresh vegetables. But those that enjoy sinning (me included), don't worry, they have your stuff there too. I really like their setup for congee (rice soup) and the bun (rice vermicelli noodles) which they provide a ride range of meats send vegetables that you can throw into that bowl. Oh, I'm so full!  And Lord, there's desert!  Mmmmm, warm taro and tapioca pudding!  Lots of other desert choices. Sunday buffet is a great introduction for newbies. Now, just because I posted this doesn't mean EVERYONE has to show up at once!  Spread it out, take your time, share. Enjoy life!  Y'all have fun now!
4	Great place to get your Pho fix! Great service and the food is almost as good as Chinatown in NYC! Ain't nothing wrong with silver!
4	Good experience.  I ordered the shrimp vermicelli at around 9pm on a Saturday.  It arrived about 6-7 mins later. The shrimp was hot and well seasoned, and the veggies were crisp. The spring roll had a nice texture and flavor. Good service.  Good food.  I can see myself returning here to venture out a bit into other menu items.
4	Good Vietnamese food, nothing fancy. Atmosphere has the back in Vietnam, poor communist, style :)
3	As a vietnamese trucker I get to taste the country's vietnamese menus! Luckily I was here in Charlotte for work.This place is certainly not the best Charlottes got. I was already warned but I had to try it because I was stuck in the area.Giving them 3 stars because it's not great but they're not bad. Menu selection is very diverse. Last section has chinese food; a dead giveaway that this place isn't where you would bring vietnamese people. Bun bo hue was super oily and bland. Waiter served it with sriracha and hoisin. All viets know you never eat that with Bun Bo Hue. I mean it's viet but not good viet. I would come here if I was forced to or drunk. A for effort, though, most restaurants don't offer Bun Bo Hue.
3	Mmm  boba tea and #46. What a dream! Those light noodles and unique clear sauce wirh fresh mint and that grilled chkn is awesome. last time they used parsley or cilantro  wasn't the same but still delish!
4	Went here after church on Sunday.  My girlfriend loves Vietnamese food, so we tried the pho with flank stank, spring rolls, corn / chicken soup, and Vietnamese coffee.  Place was bustling Sunday around noon (they have a buffet that looked so-so).  Waiters don't all speak English, but service is quick.The pho was good - they served it they way we like it, with the steak to the side so we can cook it as much as we wanted (rare).  The soup was a bit heavy on corn starch and light on chicken, and the spring rolls were just OK.  The Vietnamese coffee was as expected, with the condensed milk on the bottom.  All-in-all, a great choice for a light lunch with some Asian flare!
4	I wish I could write about more than two items but I can't. I order the fried quail and pho every time. The fried quail is two quail, split, and fried in butter. It is crispy and tastes very similar to duck, very delicious. The pho is awesome- with a hint. The broth of the pho is well developed with deep flavors of beef, cardamom, clove, coriander, star anise, etc. I could drink it. However, when choosing a meat- the more expensive the better. I order flatly flank, tripe, and tendon. (They give you $4 worth of basil, limes, and bean sprouts with your bowl, which makes the price more than reasonable to me.) The ambiance is whatever. It's stereotypical Asian paintings, but I don't care about decor. The service is always fast and friendly.
5	Lately, we've been doing a good amount of takeout from Saigon Palace. It's very close to home, they never screw up the order and the Pho is flipping fantastic. I get the Pho Ga which is simply chicken soup and my wife has been enjoying the Pho Chay (a vegetarian soup).The takeout is well organized with separate containers for the broth and for the noodles. And another separate container for the bean sprouts, limes, hot peppers and fresh basil leaves.I don't know about the other foods they offer. The last time I had the Chinese, it was just meh. But the pho? It's PHO-bulous.
5	Absolutely delicious. Best pho in town.Great service. The bubble tea are also to die for.
4	We tried pho, stir fried noodle and fried rice with pineapple. Frankly, the pho is not as what I expected. I tried several better pho inside and outside this area. The fried noodle is pretty tasty and the fried rice with pineapple is ok, but not a Thailand style. Actually, I prefer to giving it a 3.5 which I believe is more reasonable.
