1	On Wednesday, September 19th I contacted Plaza Offices looking for a new office in the Las Vegas area. I explained that I would not be there until November 1st (because I was traveling abroad) The gentlemen I spoke to Mr. John Harrison was very accommodating. He checked with the owner Nathan and offered me a host of free office services to presumably earn my business. We ironed out all the particulars and I was prepared to wire them a security deposit to hold my space. Less than 24 hours later, I get an email saying the space has been leased. I called twice both times being told that Mr. Harrison is not in the office. I left voice mail messages but they went unanswered. I also emailed Mr. Harrison twice but he could not be bothered to answer me.I understand if that particular space is not available, but I find it very hard to believe that your entire building was filled to capacity in less than 24 hours time. Something is off here and I am not sure what. I wanted people to be aware of my experience, I hope that if you have Dealings with these people that your experience is better than mine was. Watch out for your cash people! Who knows what would have happened had I actually sent them money?Just wanted everyone to be aware and be extremely careful.
1	Been a customer for about a year and ending our contract ASAP.  We've had multiple billing issues (including reservations made in the middle of the night under [no name] under our account), mail opened on our behalf (seriously?), and an overall unpleasant experience.  Nathan seems very hot-headed and difficult to deal with.  Would not recommend this place to any of my colleagues for this reason.
5	The Plaza office Center is a perfect fit for my company.  As a seasoned local agent, looking to turn my team into an independent real estate brokerage, it was important that I be in Summerlin.  It's a prestigious address and where most of my clients are.  I also wanted a building with easy access, which it has.  The building is clean and the staff is super friendly.  There are 2 conference rooms and an executive board room which works well for meetings.  For those looking for an Executive Space, this is a great place to go.
