1	I went with my friend to Ink Therapy for her 18th birthday to get her first tattoo. Her appointment time was 6:15. At 5:15 she got a call saying something came up and her appointment would now be 7:30. We weren't concerned, things come up, no big deal. So we got there at 7:30 and were told it'd be at least another hour. At nine a asked the counter girl if she could get an estimated time because it would only be my friend's birthday for another 3 hours. His answer: "Not my fault, not my problem." At this point, we were both irritated. Her appointment was now 2 hours later than anticipated and her other plans were being postponed. Finally, her artist was ready for her at 9:45, a full 3 and a half hours late. And boy o boy, was he friendly. He started by saying he wouldn't hesitate to kick me out without legitimate cause. While working on her outline, on her ribs, she experience some minor involuntary muscle spasms. Not her choice, not preventable. Justin, the artist, then told her that if she twitched again, he'd kick her out with half an outline. When he was finally finished, my friend was in tears from being threatened and insulted and I was livid. He said, verbatim, that "septum piercings are so ugly and girls with them are gross".Hi, my name's Julia and I have a very obvious ring in my septum.He finished up with aftercare and calling me annoying. The only thing I said the entire time was telling my friend that the tattoo was coming along well, looking good, and that she could handle it. Good to know he finds compliments and encouragement annoying. Maybe he'll like this review better.The result of this? She's going to another shop for her color and, despite the quality of their work, I will never send anyone there to be insulted and ridiculed.
2	3-3-2012 Went for a tattoo and I had an appointment.... 3 hours later I finally sat for my tattoo....  I am not a music hater but the music was so loud it was horrible and when the tattoo artist said something to the owner about the volume, he said that I, THE CUSTOMER, did not have a say in how loud or what music was playing.. I wasn't asking them to change the music just turn it down SLIGHTLY, please.... I could not talk to the person that was in the same room as me... I will not go back there ... and I have many more tattoos to get still!
1	I went to Ink therapy for a commemorative tattoo and was seriously unsatisfied.  A friend has gotten two tattoos from the artist Derek and I enjoyed the color and overall tattoos.  I decided to use him as my artist for this very special tattoo (this is my 7th).  Derek was extremely unprofessional with personal medical information and charged me more for my tattoo based on the circumstance.  The coloring of the tattoo was not what I wanted- I wanted an outlined piece with shading inside.  I received a quick work up with a mag and little highlights on the tips.  This tattoo scabbed worse than any of my large full colored ones and the spots that have healed are more dull than ones that I've had for years.  Overall terrible experience, will not be returning to this shop.
5	I got drawn on and cant wait to get my piece started! Big shop! I have the owner working on me and I cant wait! Long waiting list but I will wait for a GREAT tattoo!!!
1	Terrible attitude towards customers
5	Watching my friend get a tattoo on her arm. Sirris is an awesome artist. Plan on getting my work done by him. I recommend any one with a brain for good ink go here......EPIC all I have to say.
2	The overall experience was great, the artist was personable and relaxed. Decent pricing, shop minimum is based on the work which I completely agree with. My only concern is with the healing, took care of the tattoo like the said. However, it began to fade after it healed and my once all black tattoo now looks like it has been shaded instead. Although their staff is great as well as the artwork the actually tattooing, wasn't the best quality. I think it was more of the artist not the shop.
5	Currently getting my sleeve through Sirris and my husband got his through Sonny ! We. Are. In. Love. Great group of artists and everyone is easy going and fun to hang out with.
