5	Went for a walk-in today as I had a broken and infected molar.  We decided on an extraction, and I was out of there in about one hour.  Dr. Anthony Rao is super friendly and experienced, and the rest of the staff that I met were also very friendly.They're also affordable and near my house, bonus!
5	Went in for a last minute cleaning and was so happy with Dr. Rao and his staff. Everyone is so nice and Dr. Rao was so gentle with my sensitive teeth. They are totally affordable and did a great job. Will definitely be going back!
5	Anthony Rao and his staff are amazing! They makes you feel so comfortable! Dr. Rao is very understanding and he works with my busy schedule. I actually have a dentist appointment today and I look forward to seeing Anthony again :)I would definitely recommend this dentist office to everyone!
5	Have to say that after a long search my good friend recommended Dr Roa and so we drove on over and finally have my bad broken infected Molar out. The prices are amazing and I will be going back to have a chipped tooth repaired for under $200.00. Last time I had it fixed I paid close to $500.00 at a dentist in Surprise. Thank you Dr Roa and staff for treating me with such kindness.
5	I got to say this is one of the best visit to the dentist in awhile. Dr. Rao (Tony) and his staffs are very professional and friendly. They made a dental visit a very easy and comfortable one. He knows his craft very well and made a tooth extraction easy and not in such pain that it's unbearable. The price is very good and you'll be in and out of there in no time. Will recommend this to friends and family. Very happy with the result.
5	Anthony Rao and staff are without question the best, very professional and caring. Special shout out to Rachael for all her help.
5	I get cleanings every 6 months & visited a new dentist in the North Scottsdale Grayhawk area for a routine cleaning & was told I needed $1,200 in fillings. I went to my Dad's dentist, Dr. Rao for a 2nd opinion. Dr. Rao assured me that I didn't need a single filling and that my teeth were in perfect condition and just to continue with my cleanings every 6 months. I am so glad I went to Discount Dental for the 2nd opinion and couldn't believe another dentist tried to scam me. That must be how they have to pay for their fancy dental office. So it's been about 4 years since I first visited Discount Dental and happy to say that I still go to Dr. Rao for my routine cleanings and NO fillings yet! My Mom also goes to Dr. Rao now and is almost finished with her Invisalign to correct a few crooked teeth. Her teeth are looking great and straight! Dr. Rao is incredibly friendly and best of all - HONEST!
