4	This place is similar to Rays on 3rd St. It was lunch time I had an eggplant parm sub very good the eggplant was nicely breaded not gooey and gross. The kid had a slice of cheese the slices are HUGE. The pizza and service here are always good. I suggest this place for dinner more so the meals are way better they come with a house salad and they have more options pasta and such. They deliver too.
4	I am not a huge fan of thin, New York style pizza but I have to say It totally hit the spot. 2 Huge slices and a large 32oz Mt Dew for $5.90. The crust was great. It had good flavor, nice crisp bottom and nice chewy dough. I even asked if they changed recipes or something. He said they use really good flour and like a freakin magic man, the flour was being delivered as we spoke. 6 or 8 #40lb bags. No frozen crust here. The place itself is cool, nothing great nothing bad. The employees are nice if you talk to them otherwise they leave you alone.
4	I've been going to this place for years, and they have always stayed true to their own style.  The place is a bit shabby, but the food is delicious. Their prices are decent, not too expensive not too cheap.  The staff is friendly enough, and if anything ever goes wrong, they have no problem fixing it.All in all, a good place to grab a slice of pizza.
4	Great pizza decent prices. They have two locations make sure you are calling the right place.
5	If I ever felt any regret about having moved to Arizona, it was probably because I thought that here I would never find pizza as good as those I've enjoyed for more than two decades in New York. But then I read Wes N.'s  review of this place and decided to give it a try this afternoon after my trip to my beloved Costco which was in the area. Pow!!! Flashback to the great pizzerias of Arthur Avenue in The Bronx and the Lower West Side of Manhattan! Thanks, Wes, for letting me know about this place that brought a piece of New York into my life in the Valley of the Sun!
4	really, really good pizza. lots of topping options. yummy new york crust. inexpensive lunch specials, and the salad has a pepperoni bonus. wings are classic pizza place wings - saucy, crispy and tasty. good stuff.
4	This is some good pizza.  Coming from NY, I'm pretty picky with pizza. Any pizza here has to really impress me to make me come back to it.  Luna pizza has impressed me.  On top of being one of the few places I've found that has spinach as a topping (sausage and spinach is a personal favorite combo for me), they also make a wonderful buffalo chicken pizza.  Just the right amount of kick to it and the chicken is good quality too.  AND they serve it with bleu cheese, the RIGHT way to serve it.Good stuff, and now that I live closer, likely to become my regular pizza joint.
5	Cheap-cheap eats. Yes! $4.95, 2 very generous toppings on 2 humongous size slices and a soft drink. My new favorite pizza place even if it is 7 miles away.Took a look at the menu and they're prices are extremely reasonable for a freshly baked for you pizza, too.Love it.
5	Damn good pizza.My wife and I dropped in on a whim, I used my iPhone's Pizza app to find somewhere new that we hadn't tried. And the 4.5 Stars that Luna had according to the Yelp reviews found on it were well deserved.Thin foldable crusts, flavorful yet crispy wings, oregano and garlic salt right on  the table (WHERE THEY BELONG)I was thoroughly impressed, and the price was right too. Check them out.
4	Same great service same great pizza. Same great lunch deal but I will warn you the slices are huge.
4	I tried this establishment the other day for lunch because one of my employees suggested the 5.00 meal deal. I have to tell you i wasn't disappointed....i had the cheese pizza with Canadian Bacon and a small drink for just a shade over 5 bucks. The slices were huge just like the other yelpers mentioned....and they also sell sandwiches, calzones, subs, and various other tasty dishes. Be advised however that the lunch deal is Dine-in only...but with the free refills on your small drink and the nice atmosphere of the place it is well worth a trip to dine-in and eat. So if you ever need a hearty lunch and you got 5 bucks pay Luna a visit and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	My wife and I have been picking pizza up here for over 5 years now and is still 1 of 3 pizza shops here in the valley that we love! If you are a pizza lover it is a must try! Keep up the great work guys!
4	The Good:I go here for lunch quite often.  As an ex-NYer I enjoy their pizza. Not too thin, not too thick, nice and doughy crust. Just the way I like it. Their lunch special is reasonably priced.  The Bad:I went there on 4/26/2011 for lunch and found the place locked up and gutted!  No signs on the door about closing so I'm not sure they are coming back.  Too bad, it was the only decent pizza in the area.
4	They are closed!  Will become a Jimmy Johns!
