4	Nice ambience with great terrace and view of Crescent St nightlife. Very attentive and friendly staff. Good music to enjoy a fine cigar from a great selection
3	The only other cigar bar I've been to was the one in Philly (Mahogany).  That place is my man place - cigars and scotch.This place is a clubby, classy strip club cigar bar.  Everything in here feels like a strip club (scantily clad women, dark lighting, single leather bound seats that you inherently lean in...), but it isn't.  There is a decent selection of cigars, all of which are quite pricey.  I got a $50 Montecristo Cuban, which was quite good.  The scotch was average priced, and the selection was awesome (for scotch and martinis).  Next time I'm in Montreal, I can honestly say I'll come back, but that's more because I enjoy cigars with my friends than the establishment.
5	I worked in Montreal from Aug 2009 to Nov 2009.  I would go to Stogies once a week to enjoy a Cuban cigar and Havana Club on the rocks.  The waitress was attentive and remembered every cigar I had ever smoked.  She was the main reason my colleague and I would frequented the place and anytime I'm in Montreal I'll be sure to check this place out.  Great array of scotches and rums.
3	I'm not into cigars or fine boozes so I hung out on the upper balcony and people watched with a few friends. It was alright.  Decent prices for beers but if you want cognacs and cigars they have a huge menu. Waitress was nice and it wasn't packed for a late Friday afternoon.
4	Great people watching on the balcony in the summer - ideal for watching the dramatic mid- to late-evening scenes that inevitably unfold each night on the Crescent/Maisonneuve cross street below (actually, this is probably my favourite thing about this place). Solid place to come with friends. While I prefer the balcony, the inside is also quite cozy in the winter. Exellent service - attentive and friendly.
4	Atmosphere, Service & ... Drinks ~ just to help break things down.Atmosphere:  Stogies is a curious place - in fact depending on the time of day, it could feel like a different places altogether.  If you want to have a drink and / or smoke and lounge (as per the definition of the word) visit Stogies from 1pm to about 6:30 / 7:00. During those times, the place is not crowded at all - and more importantly there is no blaring music assaulting your eardrums as if you were in a club (which the place essentially turns into in the late evenings - sans the dancing).  You'll love sitting on Stogies' terras in the summer (especially near and during Formula One weekend) to watch Montreal buzz by.Service: The service at Stogies - provided mainly by waitresses - is efficient, friendly and often engaging.  The ladies readily recognize the regulars on sight, and if you're new they certainly try to make you feel as if you've been to Stogies before.Drinks: Great selection of spirits, wines, and beers to be had as well as an extensive selection of smokes as well, although these are a little price to factor in for the fact that Stogies on the corner of Crescent Street aka Tourist Central.There aren't many cigar lounges in downtown Montreal; Stogies does a good job at holding the fort.
5	One of my favorite places to go out in Montreal. Great to get a drink and smoke a cigar.  Cigar selections is great and the staff is very helpful in showing you around the walk in humidor to pick the cigar that fits your tastes and preferences. Great selection of drinks. Personally enjoy the Absinthe and the Alexander Keith's.
3	Cigar lover this is the place!! Great atmosphere and lovely place. Bathroom are nice too! On the evening it's a bit more of a party vibe than in the afternoon!
4	I always stop by Stogies when I'm in Montreal.  To echo the comments of another reviewer, the place is very different depending on when you go.  I prefer it when it is quieter there.  The loud club music at night detracts from my enjoyment of the place.  But, I get to smoke indoors, in Canada! So I won't complain too much.  The selection of drinks is top notch and fairly priced.  I highly recommend white port to pair with your cigar.  No cutting fees are a bonus too.  As long you're drinking, they dont mind people bringing in their own cigars. The walk in humidor has a pretty decent selection for the casual cigar smoker too in all price ranges.The staff are just fantastic.  The ladies are very attentive, strike up conversations and make you feel welcome while there.
3	AtmosphereStogies is a Montreal bar located downtown Montreal on Crescent street, center of all the action in Montreal during the summer. It is one of the very few cigar lounges that Montreal still has but they sure have one hell of a collection. In my personal opinion, when you go to Stogies, you go on the second floor considering it is where the cigars are available and where the ambiance is at its coolest. It doesn't have the most spacious nor the most luxurious environment however the atmosphere is pretty relaxing on the balconies. Also, if you stay inside, the smoke of all those cigars will soon give you a pretty intense headache. Unfortunately, if you do go outside, don't go with a big group because the balconies are very small and it can soon become annoyingly crowded. The view you get on the street of Crescent is pretty good and it is an amazing location during events such as the Grand Prix because you get to see everything that is going on. In general, the atmosphere of Stogies is worth 3 stars.Drinks & FoodWhen it comes to drinks, Stogies has a wide variety of martinis (101 to be exact) and of single malts (around 70). Do not be worried if those drinks are not quite in your liking because they do serve all kinds of drinks, from Champagne to beer, they have pretty much everything. I have tried a couple of martinis and I have to say that the one I prefer is definitely the litchi martini. The prices are relatively expensive but they make up for it in the amount of alcohol they put in each serving. Unfortunately, they do not serve food so you might want to go eat diner somewhere else first. I would like to give Stogies 3 stars  for their drinks and cigars.ServiceThe service provided is kind of slow depending on who you get and on the night you go but they are always very friendly. I would like to recommend one of the waitresses that I try to get at each of my visits, however I forgot her name. If you do spot her though, she has an Arabic tattoo on her arm that means ''forever''. She is very friendly, very fast in her service and she engages in conversations like no other waitress I've met. I will give the service of this Montreal bar 3 stars.LocationStogies is perfectly located: in the middle of downtown, on one of the busiest streets of the summer and right next to the metro Guy. Also, it has little balconies so you can still bathe in the sun while enjoying a cigar and a pretty view. A definite 4 stars for this one.The total amount of stars I would allocate to Stogies in general would be 3.
4	Came on a Sunday afternoon for some drinks and cigars. Of course Cubans are illegal in the U.S., so we came here and took advantage of the good import relations these two countries share. I went with a monte cristo no 4 with a neat glenlivet 12 and they paired amazingly well. The place is really nice, with leather lounge chairs on the inside, and great 2nd floor outside view on the outside, which we spent our time smoking, drinking, and people watching. Service was fast and friendly, always making sure our drinks were refilled, and ash trays emptied. Our waitress was gorgeous as well. Decently priced, great selection of alcohol and cigars. The room where they keep the cigars was pretty humid, as I started to immediately sweat once I entered. A bit on the pricey side, but well worth it. Free wifi also
5	Great place to chill and great view of the street. Very well run place
4	This place deserves the ratings it has received so far. Outstanding martini list. Nice selection of sticks. Great place for guys to just unwind.
4	Went here to watch the UFC-154 fight (GSP).  Excellent atmosphere and great spot to watch a sporting event where you can smoke a cigar and enjoy some wine, scotch or what ever you like with a Cigar.   The ventilation is quite good, didn't feel like we smelled all smoky after (well, that was our impression anyway ;) ).   We made reservations for a spot in front of a tv, so that worked out well.
2	Poor selection of cigars at a high price, the humidity was a bit high in the walk in humidor which caused the cigar not to properly burn. Staff didn't know how to cut the cigar. Drinks were ehhh. One good thing about this place is the chairs are comfortable if that means anything.
4	Cool place to smoke your cigar, and have some nice wine.  I personally enjoyed myself there...the ambiance got better at night since most of the people came out to enjoy the night.  Overall, I like the place since it has good music, great selection of drinks, and they allow you to bring your own cigars.Mote:  Their selection of cigars is ok.
3	Decent selection, friendly service and all around great atmosphere.  A bit pricey and not the best smoke in the City, but the views and location made it an enjoyable time.  The ventalation in the place was also really good, so the clothes didn't too bad on the way out!
5	To be honest, I do not like the place or the menu or the type of people that go there but it is the only bar in Montreal that  you can actually smoke cigarettes inside. They give you a zigzag in a form of a cigar paper and they ask you to roll it around and then it all becomes legal. Great Loophole. Respect!
4	Had a good time. Their air filtration makes some loud drone-y noises, and their dj lays down really simple relaxed beats. I really enjoyed them together. Waitress let us play with the light system briefly.Confusing but welcome scotch pricing, Lagavulin 16 was cheaper than the 12. They had no problem with us bringing in our own cigars. Lots of comfortable seating. There's a slightly inconvenient bathroom near a bar, and at a certain point in the evening they check your coats for you but don't want them on tables or chairs.
4	Not the kind of place I can afford to visit regularly but my one visit was great. Sat on the patio overlooking the great view of Crescent. Drinks are free-pour and came in strong enough that you knew you weren't being stinged.
3	I don't know if I love cigars or hate them, but I was definitely amused by the idea of going to a cigar bar after a few cocktails and a couple of poutines. My American ami was excited that he could get Cubans and reasonably priced scotch under one roof (yes, inside), so away we went. We knew we were on the right corner, but we couldn't find the place at first... but we could smell it. Yes, smell it. So we made like Toucan Sam and rolled up into the place. We had a lot of laughs, but the next day I had to wash my hair not once, but twice to get the stink out. Huge selection of cigars and scotches, patios and sports games playing wherever you turn. It's definitely a man cave, but an adventurous lady can hang tough here, too.
3	Yea, I'll take the label: I'm a tourist from California where people won't let you fart on the street unless you have a muffler, so let alone being able to smoke inside, let alone being able to smoke cigars, let alone them being Cuban cigars. Tucked in shirts, guys drinking out of snifters, leather chairs, conversations with faux-importance, and waitresses using the thumb rule for spaghetti dress length of some sort, at least according to my Yes Gents That's My Future Wife With Me Smoking This Cigar With Me Doing Shots Of Tequila. This very much felt like I was in Chicago. Was that a tourist thing to say? No matter, the Cuban cigar was delicious.
3	We have been coming up for the Grand Prix in Montreal for 20 years, and most of the recent years this has been our favorite place. The waitresses are usually great, and the atmosphere can't be beat.  The hostess this year is a complete bitch, and the managers are pretty arrogant in general, but I guess that's Montreal during Grand Prix weekend.
3	PROS: - Outdoor seating with great view- Great selection of Scotch/Whiskey (Lagavulin 16)- Gorgeous waitresses (Seriously, I fell in love)CONS:- Very pricey- They don't take American Express - Ok selection of Cuban cigars- The cigar I had had some white spots on it, seems like they need to get the humidor temperature corrected.Would I go back? Yes
1	"C'est la Merde"...An IQ-deprived bouncer at the door of a cigar bar who (I want to type "which" instead of "who", better suited) instead of greeting you tries to push me away from the door and instead of hello mutters: "You have to be escorted to a table"....#@$%#@$%   Escorted? A 41 year-old man and his wife? To a table in a cigar bar which is 3 steps away? But wait, there's more...If you want to approach the bar stand or the humidor from your table, you also need to be "escorted" by another waitress. Very limited selection of extremely expensive cigars (a small Cohiba was $36), good selection of single malts but they pour a fraction of an ounce so you need a microscope to find whisky at the bottom of your glass.If you ever thought people of Quebec were rude and unwelcoming and really want to experience it, this is where you come. Disgusting place, disgusting people...Don't forget the microscope.
3	i don't smoke (well, except the cigarillo on very very special occasion) but my best friend does and when he's in town looking for a place to enjoy a smoke and drink, this is usually the place we stop at.drinks are not bad, a bit pricey but normal for the neighborhood. the air filtration system does its job perfectly. you don't smell too much afterwards. waitresses are attentive enough making sure you're enjoying your time.one thing i can say though, you're not allowed to smoke pot which bummed my best friend as he's a big fan of the medicinal herb
