5	When I decided to buy a scooter, I had no idea what to look for. I visited AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Rd. saw all the choices and still felt overwhelmed! Right away, the owner of the store, Kurt Budday, came over, asked what he could do to help and was extremely helpful! He explained the difference and options of engine size, legal requirements (yes, you do need a motorcycle endorsement!), advised taking a scooter riding course and Chinese scooters vs all the other brands (and warranties). No pressure, just helpful guidance and a commitment to service.Thought I should do some comparative shopping and visited a scooter shop in Scottsdale the following weekend. Lots of bikes, just me in the showroom. When a salesperson finally came inside to see what I wanted, I explained that I was a first-time buyer and wanted a scooter for quick trips around the neighborhood. He suggested I visit their website, make choice and let him know. I asked about prices, makes and models, he asked, "Have you looked at our website? It depends on what you choose."Well okay!More than ever, I knew that AZ Scooter was the place for me. It's a busy shop on Saturdays, but customers are made to feel like there's all the time in the world to help them with their needs. When I made my purchase, I was confident that I'd made the absolute right choice! Before taking possession of my scooter, we went over the machine and all my questions were answered. And as I headed out of the parking lot, I thought, "Wow! What a neat group of people and what a find!" If you're thinking about purchasing a scooter, look no more! AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Road is the place to go!
5	Love these guys.  Its always quick and painless.  They are the GY6 experts.
5	I had work done on my scooter and I have nothing but good things to say about this guys. Really courteous, friendly and knowledgeable. The best thing was they didn't charge me a small fortune to fix it... They got my business.
5	I called these guys because I had just gone in for an oil change and two days later my scooter was leaking gas and stalling. Without hesitation the mechanic I talked to said "it's your carburetor drain screw". He was right. It was completely gone! He saved me the time and money it would've cost me to tow my scooter down there. Any shop that is so upfront about things, even if they are that simple, gets my business. Thank you, AZ Scooter!
1	Blah
5	Took an ATV down to them that had been sitting for a while and needed a new gas tank, battery and some TLC. They gave me a "Ballpark estimate" of the charges and I headed home. The sell and repair both ATV's and bikes at this location. The repair took a bit longer as they had to order a new tank but it finally came in. The bill? A whopping $204.00.... FOUR DOLLARS over their estimate! Was really surprised and happy that they were spot on with the estimate and very nice to deal with. Very nice folks and did excellent work, could not recommend them higher. I will be doing more business with them in the future and you should as well!
5	Bought a used Japanese Maxi-scooter from a private party on craigslist. Tried the Factory Authorized dealer service department twice, but felt they were overpriced and advising repairs that weren't strictly necessary. Did not know who to try next. Read the reviews here and went with these guys, as they are close to home. Very glad I did. Thought the brakes were going out, and they were. Wound up doing a tune up as well for a very reasonable price. Chuck in the service dept is what I call a natural mechanic. He can look at a bike and see the parts inside operating, hard to describe, but I know one when I see one. The owner told me it might take a few days extra because they don't stock parts for the Japanese scooters. Worked out fine as it rained all week anyhow. They have all my service business, and if I ever buy a new scooter they will sell me that, too. They also sell and install tires. They use the best, Mobil 1 oil and EBC brake pads. Very happy.
