1	Well, I specifically visited Johnny Rockets at the Aliante because I was in the area and craving a diet cherry cola. I should have just gone to Sonic and saved my money.For a little under $16, I purchased a chicken club, onion ring/fries combo, and a diet cherry cola. The chicken was cooked fine but the bacon was burned (rather than crispy) and the sandwich was just a bit tasteless. I had the same tastelessness with the onion rings & fries. There was definitely a lack of seasoning. As for the diet cherry cola that I was craving - what an utter disappointment. I actually had them add extra cherry and still could not taste it. Needless to say, my lunch was not worth the money I spent and I will not be returning to Johnny Rockets.I can tell you that TGI Fridays makes an excellent diet cherry coke. Too bad I have not been able to find a location with adequate service.
4	they have good burgers, fries and chicken. reminds me of red robins. yuuuuumy :P
4	Me and my wife had the mini chili dogs burger and fries and a shake. all was good I will come back again. It's open 24 hours stop in any time
4	Thank you Johnny Rockets for having such a tasty buger (for a food court), friendly staff, and 24 hr service.  It may take a little longer to get your food here compared to the other fast food joints in the Aliente food court but it is well worth the wait.
1	If you want to wait an hour for your food then you are at the right Johnny Rockets. Not only that if you say the opposite of what you want on your burger, you will get what you did not want on your burger. No Joke! Since we were staying at the Aliante hotel for a couple of nights, we decided to get a quick bite to eat, so why not go to the food court, it's fast anyway? Exactly my point, if I wanted to be in a sit down restaurant I would have gone to the buffet or another restaurant. At least in a sit down restaurant your food comes out at least 20 to 30 minutes and they will probably get your order right.To start it off with my bad experience here I ordered my daughter a Philly cheese steak with no onions but with cheese and sauteed mushrooms. They gave me the total opposite of what I ordered; my daughters Philly cheese steak had onions and no cheese and no mushrooms. I decided to get the route 66 burger with cheese and extra mushrooms. There was no cheese and like 4 pieces of mushroom. Really!?!  And to top it all off we waited for 45 minutes to get our food. We weren't the only customers that was very frustrated with our orders and the waiting time. I will definitely not be back to this Johnny Rockets again!
4	Had what I call "Burger Weekend".  Haven't had a fast food burger in a couple of month. So, I made up for it by having a burger Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Not sure why this place get's bad reviews. I have to admit, the chicken sandwhiches are not that great, but their burgers are up there when comparing against other FF Burger Joints.  -Fries:  My favorite.  I actually make the trip into a casino just to get these.-Burgers:  Rocket Double is the only way to go for me.  Made just how I like it and their special sauce tops it off.  Juicy, never dry, but can get a bit messy. -Shakes:  I think it's up there with Steak N Shakes-Service:  A bit slow only because they cook it and it's not sitting under some lamp. -Price:  Not as cheap as IN-N-Out, McDonalds, and Jack in the Box.  But about the same as a Five Guys and cheaper than a sit down restuarant.
3	I tried a Johnny Rockets for the first time while at the Aliante Stations Casino. I guess I would just have to give it an OK. The bun was dry and crumbling apart as I ate. As for the burger itself there was nothing special about it. There is a lot of competiton in the area of fast food burgers, and for me there are better choices to be be made.
3	What's going on here???I'm still a fan of Johnny Rockets' burgers, especially their Rocket Double.  Their burgers taste similar to Fatburger in my opinion.  Burgers are usually juicy and what sets them apart is their seasoned bun.  But my most recent visit wasn't as good.  First issue was that no one was at the counter or even the cooking area.  They even have a bell by the register, which only means they do this a lot. I didn't ring the bell because it's their job to service me, not mine to request for service.  One of the employees noticed me, apologized about the wait, and took my order.  I wasn't a jerk, but he could tell I didn't look happy.  He did his best and I credit him for that. Francine G. gave them 1 start for poor service and a long wait.  I had just okay service, but also a long wait. For a FF Burger Joint, shouldn't take longer than 20 minutes for a burger, honestly.  It did and glad it didn't take 45 mins like it did for Francine. Burger this time wasn't juicy.  In fact, it was a bit dry.  This visit was 2 stars at most during this visit, but I have also received 4 star service/quality in the past at this location.  So, my overall right now is 3 stars.  NOTE:  Aliante is no longer a Station Casino. I can't place it yet, but a lot of things at this casino has changed.  See Aliante review update.
3	We went here for a quick snack and got a vanilla milkshake and a side of fries. The fries were a good portion for one person, and the milkshake wasn't as thick as we normally know Johnny Rockets for. The service was good.Other than that this Johnny Rockets is the only place in the food court that's open 24/7, there's nothing special.
3	Great food, just like any other Johnny Rockets location. This one is just slow because they only have a handful of employees working...expect to wait a while in line to order and get your food if you go when it's busy.
4	Good 50 ' s diner great food even late night. Fresh rolls on the Philly cheese steak.  Fries are nice golden brown.  That strawberry milk shake was not to sweet. It was just right.
4	The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they take a long time to get food ready. We waited almost 15 mins for it being a fast food restaurant.  Other restaurants in the food court had people order after we ordered, and they got their food before us. I do have to say, there food is delicious. I had the chipotle crispy chicken and my friend had the chipotle burger. They were delicious!!
1	Horrible service, they made me wait 40 minutes just to get my food to me because they lost my order receipt. They took no initiative to make it right. If you don't receive your order in less that 15 minutes, makes sure you ask what's going on otherwise you'll be there all night. Trust me they won't bother wondering what your still waiting for. There was only 4 other people who ordered how hard is it keep track of 4 orders?!
