5	Red Rock is the best. Sam the owner is wild and crazy... And the best! Water is 25 cents a gallon. Free sanitizing of containers. Also offers Alkalized water.
5	I just love this place and Sam! He delivers to my house and is usually here within 20-30 min. If not, then I can always expect to see my water delivered by 6PM.I would never switch to another water service. Support small business and and support these guys!! Alkaline Water is ONLY $1 a gallon and you won't find a better price in the city. $2 delivery charge for each 5Gl jug - completely worth it. Drink Alkaline, BE Healthy and support Red Rock Springs Water!!
5	Previously, I was a customer of another "water store" for about two years. Their customer service was slacking and I got a "bad taste in my mouth" once they disclosed the pH level in their water goes away within 24 hours...at $2 per gallon. What a rip off!!!A good friend of mine highly recommended Red Rock Springs Water. Of course, I was a little sceptical. Based on my previous experiences, I challenged the owner of the authenticity of his alkaline water. After a conversation, I make the decision to give it a try.OMG! While I've heard stories about good tasting water before, I was absolutely blown away at what I discovered. Not only was my pH level was still 9.5 after a week, it was also THE best tasting water I've ever experience.It gets even better...The better tasting alkaline water here was HALF the price of the place I used to get all my water. Only $1/gallon here. Plus, you can easily access even the alkaline water outside from their dispenser during non-store hours.I highly recommend the quality and customer service at Red Rock Springs Water.
5	absolutely no better water in Las Vegas.Owners take no shortcuts, do everything right, customer service that is unsurpassed.Best tasting water and all at a great low price.  Alkaline water with PH levels that last and healthy for you.  Been drinking it for a year now and won't change.I challenge anyone to find better water than at Red Rock Springs Water
