4	Specialising in mussels, oysters and scallops this was the first proper restaurant we headed to an we weren't disappointed withour scallop starters and 1kg pots of mussels for mains. Yummy. Lines out the door during Festival season as no bookings are taken. However turnover was pretty quick and we luckily didn't have to wait too long.
4	I'm still too ashamed to return to this restaurant. On what was supposed to be a study break in my first year of university my friend and I instead opted for a spot of afternoon drinking. I was missing my boyfriend who was studying in London at the time and my buddy was looking to cheer me up. Four or five drinks later we stumbled into the Mussel Inn because clearly seafood would help out our alcohol lined stomachs. We ate mussels and clams and basket after basket of bread. I remember raving about the garlicky taste and drunkenly asking the waiter to compliment the chef. We also drank some more... I have vague memories of being very loud and asking to play with a nearby tables toddler. They said no. Two hours later I was on the Sleeper train to London...
3	This came recommended from a tiny popup-map guidebook we picked up, and it didn't disappoint mostly. The starters were very good, but I was astounded to see that queen scallops are about the size of my smaller fingernails (and i'm a girl!!!). The mussels were good too, but they didn't leave enough of the cooking juice in as the Belgians do and that was a shame. Generally food was good. The only real disappointment was that for the whole evening, and indeed the next day too, our clothes smelled so horribly of fish that it was nearly unbearable!!
4	With branches in Edinburgh and Glasgow, the Mussel Inn has long been established as a good seafood restaurant. But with freshly opened Seadogs muscling in on Mussel Inn's turf, it might have to up its game just a little.Saying that, I always find this establshment consistently good, with efficient service as Eleanor suggested. With its plain but pleasant decor and no fuss approach to dining, their menu is easy enough to figure out. You have the option of choosing mussles ans scallops with a variety of delicious sauces which are always creamy and bring out the flavour of the seafood without drowning them. I have vowed to try them all in my time but can recommend the cheesy sauce and, a more recent venture, the spicier option. As Eleanor rightly outlined, Mussel Inn seems to cater well to its potential business customers who are looking for a quick but tasty lunch. It's also a good place to try seafood for the first time as their mussels are delicious, but if you happen to chicken out they also do pasta. It's a messy first date because, if you're like me, you will practically shove your face in that bowl to hoover the gorgeous mussels up, but I quite like the hands on approach to dining! A firm favourite, it still goes does swimmingly well.
4	Mmmmm, I like mussels. I know some people get a bit squeamish about mussels because they just look a bit squishy and like there's a bit too much going on inside them, but quite honestly there's nothing I like better than a nice lunch or dinner involving mussel chomping. I think it's also the novelty of prising open shells and scooping up the sauce which makes me warm to a good mussel dish, as it makes the whole experience extra fun. Now I've made myself sound like an infant that needs to be entertained while she's eating....anyway, if you're passionate about mussels and other related seafoodie delights, the Mussel Inn is a reliably great place to come to on Rose St.Always busy, and with sharp service, the Mussel Inn has a good friendly feel to it, and the menu has a brilliant range of mussels by the kilo or half kilo, which you can team with a range of sauces. There are also lots of scallops options, as well as oysters and some really tasty starters to be had too.
4	I had heard good things about this place before I managed to go to it. My best friend would come to Edinburgh regularly for the rugby and would rave about the mussels in this restaurant. So I checked it out!The atmosphere is really laid back and really comfortable. It's the sort of place you don't need to get really dressed up for, go in wearing a hoody and fat-ants and you're just fine.You have to have mussels when you're here, they're really yummy!
4	It's pretty simple really,if you're in the city for a weekend or a couple of days its a must to go here. I had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated,but the turnover seems pretty quick,staff were all friendly and helpful. If you're in town just go !!
4	I would travel all the way to Edinburgh for their seafood pasta -- absolutely delicious....Good service and actually pretty reasonable given the quality of food. Would return.
4	Wow!  Great mussels, super friendly staff. They were helpful with our 7 year old, letting us get a half portion of fish and chips, bringing crayons, and chatting with her.We both got the lunch special, one with leeks and one with shallots.  Both were very tasty and fresh.  They come with steak fries and bread, and a glass of wine.  The salad that came with the fish was crisp and lovely.If you could put these mussels with french-style bread and fries, it would be a perfect 5 stars.
4	Started with the mussels cooked in their natural juices.  These particular mussels came from the Shetland Islands.  They were fresh, tasty and similar to Penn Cove mussels at home.  Several separate broths are offered.  Next, I had scallops which had been farmed in the area.  Unlike the US, these were served with the corals.  These "Queen" scallops were very tasty though somewhat on the small side -- only a small bit per scallop.  Wines seemed to be reasonably priced and the restaurant was clean and bright.
5	I came here almost four years ago when I first visited Edinburgh. This time I went as I stopped by Edinburgh on my way up north, and they actually sat me at the same table. Such coincidence! I had fond memories of the mussels here, and they again did not disappoint. I got the lunch deal so a plate of mussels with salad and bread. I also ordered a seafood chowder. The chowder was quite watery, although the taste was lovely. The flavors were predominately from the fish in the soup, and I enjoyed it. The mussels (I got with shallots) were fresh and delicious, and I mopped up the left over sauce with the bread.
1	horrible food, even worse service.  my mussels were crunchy.  the sand had not been expelled properly.  no rhyme nor reason to how people are seated.  there are better mussels in edinburgh.  i don't understand what all the fuss is about with this place.  it is in a relatively fun area i suppose, but that's real estate, not restaurant.
5	Five years ago my wife, my 13 year old son and I stumbled upon this restaurant during the Edinburgh Festival and had a great time eating their mussels. We were impressed with their food and hospitality. Fast forward to this year and my wife and I are celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary in Edinburgh and we decide that our first stop will be the Mussel Inn Restaurant. The staff to celebrate our anniversary gave us a dessert trio on the house!! They are the best here, knowledgeable, kind and a great eating experience. We'll be back!
4	Pretty nice place for Mussels or sea food.Great service and resonable prices.
4	Am I a student? Yes. Do l like eating out? Yes. Do I like good value for money? Yes. Do I love fresh mussels? Yes!!Do I like Mussel Inn Restaurant? Definitely! Good crusty bread (served warm), amazing prices. Could easily split a big pot of mussels between two (if you're good enough friends) for about a fiver each. Now I haven't tried any other dishes here besides the mussels, but I'm assuming they are pretty good. Overall I really like this place. It doesn't get 5 stars because well, I can think of better Edinburgh based seafood places and well, the decor is a little lame! The service is okay, but the experience is good. Like!
4	Delicious mussels! Good service, nice atmosphere. Good bread.  I had a wonderful time. I guess it's a bit crowded and I'm not in love with the decor, but it's solid.
5	I had read a lot about this place and came to it with high expectations. I was not disappointed. My joy started when the smell of the delicious steamed mussels hit me as I walked in the door. It made me more hungry. I had the mussels steamed in white wine, shallots and cream. A half kilo was the perfect size (35 in all). A buddy had the Moroccan style and they were even better -- amazing how the flavor infused the mussels. great for dipping bread into. Argula heavy house salad and a value priced Sauvignon Blanc rounded out the dinner. The starter of raw oysters was just ok -- not as good as the ones I get on the east coast of the USA. Still a great dinner experience. Would go back in a heart beat. It was the best dining experience we had in Edinburgh.
2	We had a very disappointing visit to the Mussel Inn. The soup that I had to start was extremely poor. The mussels were better, but it made us "kind of sad that I can no longer keep it in my mind as the holy grail of mussel places." Overall, we said: "It's an extremely popular place, as was evidenced by the lively and diverse crowd packed in for a busy lunchtime service, but I was pretty underwhelmed by the quality, particularly of the soup."
5	Reluctantly tried mussels for the first time here two years ago and I've been coming here ever since! Total convert. The Dijon and Leek is by far the best flavour, but why stick to one!? Its so inexpensive my boyfriend and I usually order 3-4 half kilos to share. The other favorites are moroccan and blue cheese. But PLEASE PLEASE if you do go, order the crab salad it is heaven!
1	We came. We saw. We got food poisoning. Visited last week while on vacation. The food tasted excellent, we each ordered various dishes. I personally loved their blue cheese mussel recipe. For maximum enjoyment try pairing the mussels with a cold glass of water as you vomit them back up three hours later. 3/5 barfs.
3	I suppose it's time for one of those reviews where you just don't see what everyone else really loved. Ok here goes: First off I have nothing major-negative to say , ok that's done. I heard about this place and really wanted to try it so once I did I had high expectations. It was good food, I had the Moroccan mussels the big one, and it was tasty and very spicy which I liked. The broth was also good, not great but good. Over all it was a good meal , if not a little pricy for me. The menu is not to big not to small. Beer goes well with the mussel pot I think. You have the wine sauce they are cooked in, so another glass of wine kind of over does it. A beer compliments it very well I believe . So it's a good restaurant , kind service, fresh seafood. I give it a thumbs up, if your visiting or just love locally harvested mussels go here!
4	Maybe I'm just paranoid, but I get really, really nervous when I'm traveling and wind up eating in tourist central. In most cities, you really wind up with only two options: You're either paying through the nose for decent food or paying a smaller amount for nastiness.I'm happy to say that Mussel Inn didn't veer too far in either direction; our mussels were nicely spiced, steamed and flavorful, with perfectly solid service and a kind front of house that found us a table on a very busy evening. And prices were far from unreasonable; not cheap but not nearly as horrifying as I expected. Made for a satisfying meal downtown.
5	No surprises what this place specialises in.I love this restaurant. I always have a small chowder to start, then maybe some baked oysters. All of the varieties of mussels I've tried are tasty, I do like the white wine mussels above the rest though.I've never tried their specials but they always sound delicious.
5	I was totally blown away by the food.  Extremely creative and fresh food, wonderful service, and a sinful ice cream-espresso-whisky affogato.
5	went here for new years eve and it was great - busy but in a good way, bustling and fun, had the mussels - of course and they were delicious, the food was great. great bread, all of the food was good. the inside is a bit like a cafe style rather than posh restaurant but that's what gives it it's character. loved it and would def go back again every year!
4	The family (six) had lunch here yesterday. We had a combination of the quick menu dishes and all were great. Mum is allergic to some spices, and the waiter was only too pleased to ask the chef about the ingredients.
5	Seriously good mussels. Lick your fingers kind of place.The shallot sauce, the mussels the presentation, the price  - Great. I had some scallops, they were cooked very good, not rubbery, juicy and tasty. I also had the sea bass dish once, it was lovely but only served one fillet, which unfortunately didn't fill me up as much and expensive for what you get... but no worries, nothing a 1/2 kilo pot of their great mussels cant fix. The Edinburgh Restaurant feels like a greek taverna and had a nice atmosphere. I love the location too, centre of Edinburgh on the back pebbled Rose street. Enjoy.
4	Make sure you made reservation before u eat!!! Lol cuz we were gonna have dinner there ,and we just went..and they told us there is not available seat so we made a reservation for tmr dinner! The service is good, I ordered a fish as main course, and we both ordered a dozen of oyster!! The oyster is fresh!! My cousin ordered lobster something, and that was delicious!!!
5	We were visiting Edinburgh for a few days and a friend recommened this place. And now we thank her!! One of the best seafood places I have been to! The Mussels are apparently their specialty, but honestly, everything here is delicious! So delicious we had to come back! Their seafood is extremely fresh and everything is so tasty. I'm not a big fan of Chowder, but I tasted some of my friend's and it was great! The price is extremely resonable, cheap actually. The service is top notch, everyone is so friendly and efficient. Definitely recommend this place!
4	Friendly and welcoming place! Good food. Mussel is highly recommended, very frsh.  And its not expensive!
