3	Funny name. Too bad this place didn't have a little more character to match that. But it's still cute.Small boutique/bed and breakfast-style hotel. Rooms are quite small, but most have access to outdoor balconies. Ours had a hammock which we enjoyed on a beautiful summer day! The bathroom was small, but really, how much time are you going to spend in the bathroom during your stay? We were barely in there, because it was our first time in Montreal and we wanted to go explore. Good for the price and in a great area! Just steps away from excellent shopping and restaurants. One of your best bets for the area and price.
4	Overall, staying here was pretty good. For me the highlight was the location, in the heart of the Plateau Mont-Royal neighborhood, on the main thoroughfare of Rue St-Denis, easy walking distance from so many fabulous places to eat (and the main reason I come to Montreal is to eat!). It's not a bad walk to downtown, either, or if you prefer it's right in between the Sherbrooke and Mont-Royal metro stations, a few minutes walk to either. For such a small and simple place there are quite a few amenities - croissants every morning, kitchenette and coffee maker in our room, complimentary bottled water and orange juice. There was free wifi, but as our rooms were in the far back corner, we couldn't get a strong signal and could only use the wifi while in the hallway. The main reason we stayed here was because we could get a 2-bd suite for a reasonable price. The suite didn't have a common living room area, it was basically just 2 regular rooms attached to each other, but it did have a nice little outdoor porch. I'm sure it would have been much nicer in the summertime, but we didn't use the porch much since on most days it was raining or snowing. The beds were murphy beds, so if you wanted more space you could put them away, but unfortunately we found them extremely uncomfortable for sleeping on. After 5 nights we were definitely looking forward to going home and sleeping in our own beds. I'm not sure if I'd stay here again, but it's certainly a nice contrast to a big hotel, the prices are reasonable, and like I said, the location is great if you're looking to hang out in this particular part of town.
5	I'm a fan of this hotel and am in complete agreement with the previous reviewer. The location is awesome and you couldn't ask for better. I studied in Montreal for 5 years so when I go back I'm interested in going to the best bars and restaurants in the city...these places are minutes away from the hotel.In addition, the daily croissants are super tasty and much appreciated. The room is cozy and kept clean, water and juice are provided daily for free (it's the little things that count!). All and all, you can only be impressed that you're getting this for dirt cheap.
3	Location is PERFECT.  We pretty much walked everywhere, and when we couldn't, we drove which was super easy in and out.  The room itself was clean, but pretty small.  It was overlooking a jazz bar which was playing pretty loud music until 3am, but I brought some earplugs and was fine.  The rooms have a Murphy Bed, so when you put it back up, it does give you a bit more room.They give you free bottled water, OJ, wifi access and croissants in the morning.  Everyone was exceptionally friendly, check in was easy and again, talk about location.I am a bit annoyed that I paid over $100 to stay here considering the size of the room.  I've stayed at the Hotel St-Denis which is bigger, and costs less.  That would be my only complaint, but I think that considering all else, made me feel a little bit better.
5	No complaints really, it's a great place to stay in a cool area. I have no complaints, I came here with a car and they set me up with directions to a lot that was not too expensive and the room was clean enough, a bit plain but who's here to stay in their room?!
3	Pro's:* Location!* Terrace rooms* Friendly & accommodating staff* Luggage storageCon's:* The AC is controlled by the front desk, so if you take a hot shower on a warm day you will bake in your room.* The wifi is spotty. I wound up using the nearby resto's.* If you're sharing a room, make sure it's with someone you're really close with because it's cramped. * A lot of stairs, if you're carrying heavy luggage (they rarely help)
