4	My wife and I were craving some gyros the other day and so I stopped by this place to order some to go. While I was waiting for my order the owner(?) brought me 2 vegetable sambosas with tzatziki sauce, which were delicious. The gyros were excellent as were the fries that came with it. I am by no means an expert on gyros, but if you are looking for a local gyro place, I would definitely recommend you give this place a try, super close to my house so I know I'll be back. See their website at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Arianas-Kabob-Gyros/27655271908033 .
5	Finally a good gyro in Mesa!
3	Visited 5/8/12...Came across this location in travel while looking for a something a little different for lunch.  I think this is pretty new. It is located on same building as gas station at Northeast corner of Southern and Higley. I only wanted something simple. Ordered Gyro and Fries.  Did it as take out. At 12:15 p.m. there was only one other person there eating.  Not sure if that says something or maybe they just have not been discovered yet. It tasted good. However, I have had a better at some other locations.  I was disappointed in portion.  Three pieces meat, two slices tomato.  For a quick lunch it was satisfying.I looked at menu and saw some interesting items on menu.  Might be interested in trying these at some point later. It is a nice option to other fast food.  Not a place that I would go out of my way for, at least at point.  But would definitely return for a Gyro if in the area. Will try back again in a month or so and see if they are still up and running.  Difficult location and visibility from street..
5	Can't think as currently trying to stay awake at work.  Remember coming here week ago.  Pressure cooked goat delicious, sauteed spinach soaked up flavors superbly, very uniquely spiced, dried grape skins base.   Black tea cold and refreshing, yogurt based drink will take some getting used to.  This will become a regular stop!
1	I would not return to this restaurant. Not so much because of the food, which was ok, (not good or great.) but because of their lack of customer service and unfair price advertising.Their menu does not correctly reflect their prices and they charged me for fries/salad on top of the price of the gyro. The menu states "served with fries or a salad" but when I got my bill I was charged additional money for the side items. When I questioned it, I was told that was a lunch special. The menu is on their wall and there is a menu handout and there is nothing about lunch specials or lunch pricing.They would NOT take the charges off, but just kept arguing with me.
1	TINY PORTIONS!  I could not believe how small the portions are in this place.  I mean literally 2 tablespoons of lamb, two tablespoons of salad and a cup of rice.  What is this, France?  I had to go somewhere else afterward just to feel full.  The food was good, but come on, I don't need a child's plate!  From now on I'll stick with Flaming Kabob on Baseline in Gilbert.
5	Just ordered lunch to go here, took it home and deliciousness happened!  The gyro was really good, the quorma sabzi was unique and super tasty, baklava was only thing that was ordinary.  Great place!
1	Poor Ariana's. I don't think they're going to make it at the rate they're going! Went with friends for lunch. Started out with ordering drinks. Although they have bottled water on the menu, they "ran out; but we had a wonderful water filtering system put in, so tap water is good!" Ice tea and lemonade came in small wine glasses, and was very watered down. When asking about refills, was told they charge $.50 for refills. Then we find out they usually serve the drinks in larger glasses, but they "ran out" (but now you're going to charge me $.50 for a refill of 6 oz's of watered down tea?) After our discussion, no charge for the refill.  Friend ordered a dish with rice and a sauce on the side. Friend noticed the dish was chipped and didn't eat anything from it. Again, after much discussion, we were told we'd only be charged 1/2 price for that order. We told our server, we wanted to see the manager. If the guy who came out is the owner/manager, they really ARE in trouble. "What, are you guys critics?"  Ummm, excuse me, but ALL your customers are critics...ever heard of social media?  He said we wouldn't be charged for the dish. When the bill came, we were charged 1/2 price. What a joke. I agree with Julie K. Food was ok (not good or great), our server, although somewhat scattered, was very friendly and nice. Some places I give a change to redeem themselves. This place isn't one of them.
5	Saw this place the other day while driving home, and stopped in to pickup a quick dinner. My boyfriend & I are from Chicago where you can always get a yummy gyros, but we haven't found anything great so far in the east valley. I must say the gyros here are surprisingly delicious gyros. We also tried the kabobs which were also yummy although the rice was a bit dry. The hostess/server was very friendly. I would definitely eat here again & I can wait to try other menu items. Highly recommended.
4	When someone told me about Ariana's Kabob and Gyros, I was very excited to have an Afghan restaurant in East Mesa, so close to my work and home. Maybe, this excitement was what kept me coming back after my first bizarre visit and two more mediocre lunch visits.I'm glad I kept coming back, because this last visit was a winner! I walked in today and told them, "I want to try something on your menu that is Afghan and packs a punch of flavor." I believe he took this as a challenge, and recommended the Quorma Sabze with Beef. I added on an order of Bolani, which I'd had before, but wanted to give a second try.While waiting for the orders, I received some Hummus and Pita. The hummus was tangy and flavorful, though not as smooth as it could have been.It took a bit longer than it should have to receive the Bolani, considering I was the only person in the cafe, but it was worth the wait. Now I've had Bolani before. I've even had it before at Ariana's, but this was leagues better than the last one I tried here. The dough was thinner and crisped up nicely, and the filling was packed full of flavor. Lots of onion, scallion, leek, cilantro and potatoes to glue it all together. It was served with a Green Chutney, which tasted extremely fresh and acidic, and also a yogurt sauce which had some of the chutney mixed into it.Shortly after the Bolani arrived, the Quorma made it to the table. I'm a bit suspicious that this was the Quorma Sabze we had talked about, because that dish is supposed to feature spinach and herbs, but this dish was very tasty. The beef, cauliflower and chickpeas were cooked in a loose, sweet onion based tomato sauce that had a peppery finish. The rice was cooked well and the chickpeas were tender, but the beef was a little tough for my liking. Even with that minor complaint, I would order this dish again.I feel like Ariana's is finally starting to hit their groove. If they can iron out the dining experience a bit more, they'll be much better off than they are. The layout of the restaurant is confusing. There is a large menu board in the back, no one to greet you when you walk in, one solitary color menu and the rest bad blurry black and white copies. I feel like the crew at Ariana's should embrace the flavor-filled Afghan cuisine, and guide diners enthusiastically to try it. I know I'm eager to go back and try more.Full review available at  http://forkvsfood.com/?p=69
2	The place was empty on Black Friday night, probably that was a sign we should have steered clear.  Although the food is good, the customer service is abysmal and the prices are way too high. I expected the service to be slow, as they cook everything to order.  I did not expect to have to ask for silverware and napkins, wait forever to have our plates cleared or to be charged for tap water.  The portions were fine, but we went because we had a $15 coupon, and we STILL ended up paying over $30 for our meal.  I'm sorry, but it is not a $45 Friday night dinner kind of place.  As someone else stated, they argued with us over the "misunderstanding" over their unclear pricing. There is one price for kabobs on their paper menu, a lower price for kabobs on their posted menu, and we were charged yet a third higher price on the bill, and he refused to relent.  Since we are just visiting AZ, we won't be back, but I wouldn't return anyway.  Not good.
