5	Couldn't ask for better service. Was driving by, (working, don't tell anyone) and what looked like a party going on in the parking lot caught my eye. Pulled in, and was the grand opening for Fonestar cell phone repair. I had my iPad with a shattered screen with me. Brought it in and they gave me a fantastic deal on replacing it, did a perfect job, and it was done before I could turn around to pick it back up. Staff was super-friendly, great price, and can't say enough about the quality of the repair. (Can't tell it ever took a face plant onto a metal desk leg.) Never done one of these reviews, but usually don't find service like this in Las Vegas, so I felt I had to.
5	Fonestar Repair has given me full customer satisfaction. I recommend it to anyone who needs their device fixed promptly yet securely.
5	I got my iPhone 5 shattered screen fix at this place. The people here are cool, great service. Will definitely recommend this to everyone I know.
5	Got my galaxy s4 fixed today........I like the service. Fast and cheaper.I recommend this to all my friends and to everyone.
5	The most satisfying customer service I've ever had. The owners are cool and will do whatever it takes to help you out. Fast and negotiable. Definitely recommend this place!
4	I came here to fix the shattered screen on my iPhone 5s. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door which set a good tone for me. The price definitely wasn't as bad as I was expecting for a repair. When I get got my phone back it was just like new. I'm very accident prone and have gone through a lot of phones so now I have a regular place to come to instead of having to buy a new phone.
5	Great ipad repair service. Turned in my ipad with the screen shattered and got it back like new. Great price and I love the military discount. I will definitely be coming back whenever I need an electronic repaired.
5	Great service, competitive prices, and a quick fix!As usual, I dropped my phone. Devastated to find that it was cracked I quickly searched for a few nearby areas for phone repair. This one was by far the cheapest one. Not only that, but they had great customer service.Now I know where to go the next time I crack my screen (which hopefully won't happen again)Definitely will recommend all my friends to check this place out, and everyone else should too :)
5	Fonestar, hands down the best place to get your phone fixed. I came in the store thinking that they wouldn't be able to fix my iphone5s that has been washed in the laundry. Needless to say my iphone was submerged under water for the whole cycle about 35-40 minutes. Once I found my phone I immediately knew that it was game over for my phone and that there was no way it's ever going to work. I left my phone at Fonestar for a whole day because the technician said the longer they have my phone the better outcome will be. The next day I got a call from Fonestar, thinking it would be bad news but luckily it was good news and that they fixed my phone and that all the memory is intact! When it was time to pay I was sure the price was going to be at least $150 or more but no it was less than $100! Long story short, Fonestar did the impossible, with such a cheap price! Definitely the place I would come back to for phone repairs and recommend to friends and family!!
5	Best customer service and prices in vegas hands down!!! I recommend everybody to get their phones fixed here!!!
5	So I came in here last week to see if they could unlock my iPhone 5s coz I wanna switch from AT&T to TMobile. They said it wouldn't be a problem and it'll only take 20 minutes, at the same time the technician guy noticed the small crack on the top right corner of my front screen. He offered to do it for $99.99 and he'll throw in a free screen protector if I said yes. And thus I said yes. And since he convinced me to do the cracked screen he promised me that he'll be done with both jobs in 30minutes OR IT'S FREE!!!!!!!28minutes and 19seconds later (yes I timed him) holy cow!! He kept his promise. I'm not very easily impressed but by goly this guy was good.Overall:Price is reasonable, in my opinion it's pretty cheap.Service is beyond amazing, all good things to say.Quality is again out of this world awesome!*when I like a place I can't shut up about it, and I'll be sure to mention to anyone and everyone.
5	This place is hands down the best place to get your phone fixed. I received great customer service and it was a really quick fix !! :) I will definitely recommend this place to everyone. If I could I would give 10 stars. Very satisfied with the work and customer service :)
5	Throughout my years of being an iPhone owner (since first gen of iphone), I have damaged my phone a reasonably amount of times from water damages, cracks, wifi problems and even customization. As a clumsy person I am, I am an experienced customer with most of the iPhone repair companies throughout the Vegas valley (specifically iPhone Doctors, Desert Wireless, Go Gadgets, & iRepairs). Being the person I am, I have always needed my iPhone fixed right away. During my recent crisis with my iPhone (cracked screen, low wifi connection, broken volume button and unresponsive home button) luckily I have seen FoneStar Repair just down the street from my house! I went and checked the place out. The ambiance of the place was very modern & welcoming. I was addressed to right away by the owner and his service was very professional. After explaining the disaster of my iPhone, the owner (Rann) gave me a reasonable price that I could not reject. After noting down my information, he told me to come back in an hour and a half. As excited as I was for getting my phone fixed, I came back 30 minutes earlier. The owner told me he was just finishing up with my phone. I was very astonished by how quick the repair was!FoneStar Repair will most definitely be my #1 go to place for repairs. Not only do they repair Apple, but they also do other devices! Overall: Very professional,  extremely fast repairs, & reasonable prices!!!!!
5	They did a great job fixing my Galaxy phone screen.They even add screen protector for free...
5	I came to FoneStar Repair last week when I visited Vegas for the convention. I Stayed at the Aria and I just love this city. Unfortunately my last visit to Vegas I hung around the pool too much and I was stupid enough to leave my Samsung note 3 too close to the pool. Long story short, the splashes got me.Anyway, I brought my phone in for water damage and they told me they could fix it but it would take 24 hrs to dry and restore everything. I agreed. The next day my phone came back and all was great. I recommend their services to everyone.Just a tip though, they only take cash.
5	My HTC had been acting up, randomly powering off and the power button was not working. They promised to have my phone done in 45 min. I had taken my phone to the sprint store and those guys could not fix my problem. When I got my phone back, I was completely satisfied. Would definitely recommend and return in the future if having any phone issues. Plus too they are right by the mall, so it makes the wait unnoticeable!
5	They did a good job on my iPhone 5s. The charger port thing stopped  working and my warranty with Verizon barely expired last month and so I was stuck with this useless phone for 2 days. I drove by this place and went inside to see what it would cost to repair. Sure enough it was cheap enough for my budget. It took only 30mins for them to fix.Good job! I recommend this place. I wouldn't mind coming back.
5	Came in to get my iPhone 5 checked out because I accidentally dropped it into a full cup of Coke. Turns out there was a ton of liquid inside of my phone. Only took less than hour to get fixed! My phone is good as new, like submerging it into liquid didn't even happen at all. They did an amazing job! Would definitely come back again if I have phone problems.
5	Great expierance from the minute you walk in till your on your way out. You're in great hands with Rann and J.P of Fone Star repair. Keep up the awesome work ! (:
5	Pat on the back to the savvy technician of this shop! Could definitely attest that he is an expert at what he does. Just the way he explains everything assures you that you're in good hands. They are absolutely all about honest, selfless service. Nothing beats the quality of their work for a very reasonable price! Las Vegas is a high roller for having Fonestar Repair in town!!!
5	Great service! You'll always feel welcome, And they offer cheap prices for repair, service is quick, and friendly staff too! I highly recommend this place.
5	Cheap price for a GREAT SERVICE! I highly recommend this place to get your gadgets fixed, phone, computer, camera.. anything! They're definitely good at it!
4	I cracked the screen on my iPhone 5 and decided to wait it out bcos kiosk in malls and wireless toys charged $120+ to get it fix, & I didn't think my phone was too bad :/ eventually I dropped my phone again and my LCD screen went black, so for sure, I needed my iphone fixed then and there. Heard from a friend about fonestar repair. The guy charged $100+tax for the LCD and screen to be fixed. Good deal. I dropped it off in the morning & picked it up in the evening. Same day fix. I took one star away just because they only accept cash and when I got my iphone back, I realized that my home button is cricked. It's not a big deal though considering he fixed everything for $100+tax, so why complain?
5	Honestly, I admit, I am very careless with my phone. That being said, I have brought my phone to several places to be repaired. Going to a new shop, I was somewhat skeptical. The previous shop I used charged me a lot, and did very poor quality work (back popped off days after I had it replaced). I was referred to Fone Star through a friend. She told me they did great work and were very affordable. I am so relieved she referred me to this shop! The people are great, they work fast and are so affordable! Their pricing is far better than you will find anywhere in Vegas. Trust me. I know! I wouldn't go anywhere else. It would be a waste of your time and money.
5	From here on out, FoneStar will be go to place when it comes to cellphone repair. I came in with a shattered screen thinking my iPhone 5S will never be the same after dropping it at a parking lot face down. But Rann, the technician, did such an amazing job for the right price. I've never been the type who goes to repair shops and trust someone with my personal phone so I decided to just wait it out. He said it'll take him about 30min to fix it which surprised me because I thought it would take at least an hour to fix something as bad as mine. But after a 15 minute wait, I was already out the door with my phone looking good as new.Thanks so much FoneStar! Definitely will be recommending you guys for your business.
5	I took my phone and they did an awesome job it look like new again. I need a new screen and it come out all new looking
5	Needed to get my battery replaced and didn't want to spend an hour and $80 at the apple store. So I was referred over here from my hairdresser Wendy! (Trend beauty salon). Came in and out in less than  15 min with a brand new battery which costed me $50 on my iPhone 5. He showed me my old battery and the new one as well..proof that they replaced it brand new! Thank you to Ren for helping me out! (Check in on yelp) for a 10%discount! I will be back and I'll spread the word to my friends & family!!!
5	I brought my phone here that had bad water damages. It took em a day to fix it and it look brand spanking new. You can't even notice the water damages in the phone. Most of all they have a great customer service. I would recommend people that need to get their phones or computer fixed to come here.
5	One of the greatest customer service in town. They know exactly what they were doing unlike other repair places that is after my money. I had my phone repaired the other day and had it done within the hour as they promised. The staff is really friendly the ambiance is casual and cozy. They also hold car meets for everybody to get together.  I don't recommend places often but this places is definitely a must to go to. If you need any repairs on your phone this is the place to go.
4	I had my S2 unlocked here for the first time. The cost was a bit too pricy for an old phone. I would be back for something else.
4	Broken phone? Call these guys immediately. They will help you right away. They also offer the best prices in town. They can also customize any other electronics.
5	This place is great. Went in with a broken iphone 5 screen and they fixed it in 15 minutes! Feels brand new again. $100 for an iphone 5 screen.  However, this place is cash only FYI. Also, it's veteran owned, don't forget to ask for a military discount.
5	Friendly and knowable.  Did a great job on replacing my cracked screen on my Samsung s4 and helped bend back my phones frame and smoothed it out all for one great price. The owner or employee tried hard to make sure to do a good job. It's hard to find good service with integrity and pride in their workmanship now days. But look no further.
5	Don't even plan looking for another place to fix your phones! Rann is the best technician in the valley. As soon as I entered the shop, i felt comfortable enough to show him my cracked screen. I thought he was going to tell me that there's no way to fix my phone, but he looked at it and smiled. He said come back in an hour for my phone, I came back 30 minutes later to see if he fixed it, and he did! Not only did he fix my cracked screen, he fixed my lock button for free! Best deal in town, totally coming back if I drop my phone again. Thanks Rann!
5	Experience:  I dropped my iPad 3 about six months ago and finally took it in to be repaired. The screen had cracked, but it still worked fine...that is until I went to charge it.  It had bent right where the charging port is and I could not recharge. Service:  The gentleman that helped me was very cooperative.  He called me several times with information on the estimate, completion, and an additional repair. There was some confusion with the bill when I tried to use the YELP checkin, but the manager called me back shortly after to apologize and make it all correct.  He even offered a discount on a future repair for the misunderstanding. The customer service here is above and beyond. It is now working 100% with a shiny new screen. :)Facility:  This is a very small shop located in the tiny strip mall in front of the big Charleston strip mall. Overall review:  I will continue to use these guys for all my repair needs.  Good service and fair, competitive pricing!
5	Great service, easy to deal with, and done right. I have a Huawei phone from Asia, and cracked the screen. They were up front and told me they would have to order it, and they required a deposit. I went and paid the deposit, and also said I wanted to order a new battery because mine was 1 1/2 years old. Instead of just ordering the battery and charging me, he checked the battery and said it was fine, and there was no need to replace it. When he ordered the screen, he said it would take 1 - 2 weeks to get the part, and it came in a 7 days after I ordered it (a week before Thanksgiving). He called me when the part came in on Friday afternoon, and then since I hadn't responded to his message, he called me the next morning to make sure that I got the message! GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!It took him about 45 min to repair, and it is perfect. No problems with the brightness, as I saw in other reviews. They do it right ! Highly recommend this store! I wish all business people had their work ethic. Plus they are vets, so support our veterans!
