3	The main advantage of this Staples is its location. It's just outside the I-277 loop in the Metropolitan development, which is probably a very convenient location for business owners to get supplies. This Staples location seems smaller than others, but I think it's still got everything you need. I headed there for some packing boxes when I was moving recently, but ended up browsing all the new laptops. I guess I've gotten used to Southern hospitality because I was pretty annoyed when none of the employees offered to help me carry these huge boxes to my car. Oh well. Maybe Charlotte is becoming a big city after all.
3	I don't know what it is, but I love going to office supply stores...maybe this started when I was a kid going back-to-school shopping. All the colorful markers, pens, crayons, paper are endless possibilities for creative fun.I enjoy going to Staples! Lots of supplies for any office or school need. There are never more than two or three employees working at the same time and one seems to be on the phone each time I have ever been. Orders to go, maybe? I like the "rewards," but do not like waiting to get my credit in the mail for recycling used ink cartridges. Hardly busy, but I enjoy the location and variety in supplies. And I love their back to school commercials.
2	While they have all the usual paper and printing and office supplies, I was disappointed by their selection of electronics accessories. I had been hoping to find a cover for my new Kindle Fire and they had nothing. Even their selection of iPad covers was pretty sad.For a smaller footprint store, they still manage to fit in the office furniture and the other office stuff but they're lacking in computers and electronics.
4	Clean bright store with great service @ copy and print center where I mostly go there for.  3rd floor parking area is always plentiful, just be patient coming in/out of the parking deck.   Sometimes you do have to wait a while for the service at the copy and printing center when there is someone ahead of you, because most of the time they only have one person working.  Overall, I enjoy the service and the printing quality.
4	If you hate sunlight....you'll love this Staples....I use this Staples primarily for printing things out (e.g pictures) on nice paper, but I will also grab some random office supplies from them, because it is about 50 ft from my home.  Everyone is usually really nice, and they just started to recently match Amazon prices, which may end up saving their company.   I would definitely recommend this place if you can navigate a parking garage (unlike 95% of the people that enter the Met) and you never want to know what time of day it is while you are looking for a pack of pens, and some 8.5x11 paper.
5	Wonderful service!!! We needed autograph cards printed under a tight timeline and they were so helpful and understanding! Very cool and convenient location as well. Ask for Kyle in the Print Department, he is very helpful!
1	Called to ask about product availability (just wanted to check if the online information was up to date) 8 minutes later I was still on hold. Absolutely ridiculous.
3	Staples is an odd place. Sure, they have all the normal office supplies you'd expect like paper and printers. They also have things like Yankee Candles, coffee and paper towels. I can never think of a time when I said hey, I need a candle that smells good... I should go to Staples.I will say the people who work here are really nice. I called one day looking for chalk markers. (Sidenote: chalk markers are life changing for anyone with chalk type needs). The girl I spoke with didn't really know what those were or where to look. She was determined, however, to figure it out. And she did! Although, I'm still not 100% sure if what I bought is actually chalk markers.They have a great selection of planners. An entire aisle! How do I know this? I have bought my planner here the last three years. I know, nerd alert.I don't even have to tell you about the worst part of this place... say it with me: THE PARKING DECK. One good thing for them is that they are not on the ground. I always bypass the first floor anyways when I have to come to Metropolitan. Too much headache. It's a lot easier to take the elevator down then try to fight everyone in Charlotte for a parking spot.
