2	Everything you loved...okay, hated...about Tio Oso's and then less. Despite the not so long ago name and genre change, Tio Oso's has been sold to new management. The new owners are the guy who ran Margaritaville on the Las Vegas Strip and his brother. I cannot comment yet on the food, but here are some things I have observed and do not like. Being a change in management, the bartenders I did like at Tio Oso's are no longer there. Also gone is the free chips and salsa I used to enjoy at the bar. Still there is the nearly $6 happy hour margarita - and based on my experience, I was disappointed. The frozen margarita comes from a machine and most of it was ice. While trying to drink it, 1/3 was just slush that I had to wait to melt before I could drink further. Overall I wasn't impressed. The margaritas are overpriced, especially given the slushy consistency and I missed the chips/salsa and my favorite bartender.
1	As other review(s) have pointed out, this location has seen frequent turnover and there's no way I can see Thirsty Cactus making it where Uncle Bears/Tio Oso's failed.  I haven't met the new owners but I can only guess that they when they were younger they were tormented by dogs carry large helpings of reasonably priced food- Thirsty Cactus has taken down all the dog pictures from the previous concept yet didn't put anything else up in its place!  Dogs are also now banned from the patio area.  In its place are no new decorations and the menu is at a much higher price point than before.  I had the skirt steak which was recommended to me (very good but a small portion of actual steak) but would not go back.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. VERY disappointed, and I will NEVER return - at least not while it's under the current ownership. Went here a few days after it reopened as Thirsty Cactus. Was immediately disappointed to see that they took down all the cute dog pics. Sure I get it that it's a new owner, new name, new theme (although, what theme?) but they didn't do anything to replace the dog pics. The walls are painted hideous purple, yellow and other bright colors that would be much better suited for a preschool. Service was fine, nothing special. Food was OK, nothing special. Prices were less than fine or OK - they're over priced. Although first impression wasn't stellar, we didn't hate it. We decided to go back for a 2nd trip with our dogs - wanted to relax on the patio. We sat down and our asses barely hit the bench when the server came over to tell us that they didn't have a "license" anymore to allow dogs on the patio. Really? A license?? I'd like to know what license that would be? Is that the license to be a cool establishment and allow calm dogs chill out on the patio? Is that the license that they chose not to pay for? I'm thinking there is no license, and even if there is, perhaps the owner should have considered that the customers that come here like to occasionally bring their four-legged friends with them. I will not be back, and I imagine I won't be the only one. Looking forward to the next owner taking over the place... I imagine it won't take too long.
5	I am surprised at the previous reviews. I guess those people did not take the time to get to know the staff of try the new menu. I have been in 2 times a week since the change and have never had anthing other than great food and excellent service. I think the dog pictures being down and a fresh coat of paint brightens up the restaurant. there are a bunch of cool cactus photos and College flags on the wall. Try this place and you will love it like we do.
2	Tried this and believed it was a Mexican restaurant, even after the fact it was the Uncle Bears Mexican cantina.  The menu was strange and all over the place.  I think there were more appetizers on the menu then entrees.  I ordered a burger, the "your way" one cuz the others had weird fixings on them.  The burger was actually really tasty, the pretzel bun was amazing.  The fries were pretty bad, some soggy and way to much salt on them.  The margarita was small, came in a cheezy 99 cent cactus margarita glass.  The interior was pretty gross, has a Macqios feel to it which I love but this isn't close to being a mexican restaurant.  This place has no identity, I'll go back for the burger once or twice a week it's that good.  A bit overpriced but I'll pay a few more dollars if I like something that much, it's worth it.  The margaritas stink.  Go to Arribas and get three times more for about the same price.  They need to figure out how to advertise this place, they should follow Red Robins foot steps and say they are a gourmet burger joint and focus on their burgers.  Most likely this place isn't going to make it.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! The management and staff are friendly, and treats everyone like family.  There's a variety of food on the menu, so there's always something you're in the mood for. Karaoke, cornhole, and other activities to have fun with. I recommend The Thirsty Cactus to everyone!
4	Margherita pizza and prime rib dip were awesome!  Service was great too!
5	Since the new owners transformed it over the summer, it is 110% better. The menu is up to date, yummy, and the service is always amazing. We attend after local high school football games and couldn't be happier!
1	This place has off the street bartenders that have no idea how to make a real drink. I believe to hard liquor is watered down and the bartender cannot tell the difference between rum and jack Daniels. This place is just a glorified beer bar and has nothing special to offer. I would recommend Teakwoods as a better alternative to this place. At least they know how to make a mixed drink. I personally don't see this place lasting much longer unless they get there act together...
2	Good service, decent food, but way over priced.  We expected a Mexican cantina,  but this was really a sports bar serving sandwiches and burgers.  They did have fish taco's which we ordered, and they were good, but the rice served as a side was gross and $12 for two small taco's was excessive.  Also tried bacon Mac and cheese, again good, but over priced for what you get.
5	After being at 40 different bars I can all ways count on Shannon to keep my beer cold. With a new glass every 5min she the best if you want your beer cold.
2	This place is just ok.  Had fun drinking and signing karaoke, but service is a bit slow.  Margaritas are weak and overpriced.  Nachos were bland.  Fried pickles were good!  Haven't tried any entrees yet.  I'd go back with friends, just because it's close to our house, but I wouldn't just go for dinner or anything.
2	After reading other reviews about this place now, wish I would've yelped it before going! Like other yelpers mentioned, this places advertises as a "cantina," which led my wife and I to believe to we were going to a mexican cantina. We were pumped to try  a new mexican place in the area...we were misled! It is an undercover sports bar, and the restaurant side was dead. Fine...so we sat down, and as we checked out the menus, all they sold was typical sports bar type-food....and several types of tequila. What the heck? Are they confused on what type of establishment they want to be? I ended up getting the fish tacos, which were a bummer. They were okay, I've had much better before. Here's the kicker: the fish taco plate was $11.99...I was expecting 3 tacos with maybe some beans and rice? I got a plate with 2 tacos, a huge pile of lettuce, a few tomato cubes, and a small white scoop of what looked like white rice (I wasn't brave enough to try it...my wife did and said it was really salty and soggy). I thought maybe mexican fried rice, but white? I wasn't even full after we were finished. The server was nice and explained to us what was good as we ordered, but she didn't even thank us for coming in! I don't think I've ever had that happen to me before? Bottom line...expensive average food, it's not a mexican cantina, and service is alright. We should've went to the place across the street!
3	Review deleted
1	Well that didn't take long...already a new sign up and it's something different.  What's up with this place?
