4	I actually enjoyed the sushi here more than most other sushi joints I've been to inside Vegas.They have a lot of the more western style themed rolls, but they're actually pretty good.Try to find a guy named Kip to be your sushi chef. He rocks.My girlfriend and I also shared the 60 oz. Tsunami Punch, of which I drank most of. Good times.
3	thought the sushi rolls were pretty mediocore.  though if you're there on a weekday, you really can't beat their happy hour specials.  there's also sometimes a dj, which helps keep the place lively.
4	You don't go here for the best sushi in the world.You go here for the atmosphere!The restaurant itself is amazing and the servers are nice too!The food is good, although not the best sushi place in Vegas.
2	RA Sushi. Get it? It's a pun. Raw/Ra. Not to be confused with "Rah Rah," a cheer which this place does not deserve. The food was perfectly fine. You feel like you're in a club though. That's not a bad thing, if you're in the mood. But you should know that I took a close look at the DJ and his turntables were definitely "compact disc" turntables rather than vinyl.I enjoyed watching the patrons of the classier restaurant next door try to ignore the Brooke Hogan remix that was quite obviously blasting their faces off from the other side of the railing. The food was fine, but the service went to hell as I was never able to get my hands on a glass of water and they didn't have my beer after promising they would have it and it took close to 15 minutes to get the bill.
4	We came here on a thursday night and the place was pretty dead.  Got seating on the patio right away.  The service seemed a little shoddy but we were quite pleased with our meal.  For our 2nd round of drinks the waitress doubled the size of the glasses which was a nice bonus.  A pint of mojito is always a good way to go.  The tootsy roll is a must try, i love tempura crumbs and eel sauce.  I wish i had tried the lobster spring rolls but we have a Ra in Chicago so i guess if I felt really compelled I could go there to try them.
3	I've been to Ra a few times in the past year and I have yet to dine there!  Like other yelpers mentioned, you come for the atmosphere and to people watch!  My last couple of visits have been on Sunday nights, late Sunday nights.  It's Service Industry Night (S.I.N.), and they have food and drink specials from 8 pm to midnight.  It's crowded by the bar, and the restaurant is still hopping.  Grab a drink and take a seat outside if you want to chitchat or in my case last night, sit under the heating lamp to stay warm.  A lot of locals hang out there despite it being on the strip.  Located in Fashion Show Mall, it can carry a crowd depending on the night.  As of late, they were advertising Reggae Nights and 80s Nights.  You'll find a small dance floor and if the DJ is spinning out some good tunes, it'll be too crowded for you to bust a move.  But that's okay, there are some good-looking people here that are worth watching out for.When I leave Ra, I see red...Maybe someday I'll come by and try out their happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm on weekdays.  Or just swing by during their regular hours and have a taste of their Signature Sushi.Update! 03/19/08 - Why do I always find myself here on Sunday nights?  This time I had a chance to sit down and try the food.  We lucked out with a party of ten at 11:30 pm with no reservations.  We only had to wait about ten minutes to grab a table.  I took advantage of their SIN food specials and got the Spicy Yellowtail Roll ($3.25), the Spicy Tuna Roll ($3.75), and the Scallop Dynamite ($3.50).  There's nothing special about these rolls, they use Sriracha  to make it spicy, and it's not one of my favorite ways to do it.  We thought the Scallop Dynamite was going to be a roll, but it's actually scallops and Asian mushrooms baked in their 'Dynamite' sauce.  It's pretty tasty, and the BF was eating up all the onions that came along with it.I also tried their Coconut Shrimp Tempura ($3.75).  It comes with about four deep fried shrimps on skewers with a roasted pineapple dipping sauce.  It's probably best to eat them while their hot, it was okay by the time I got to them.  The really great thing about their SIN drink specials is the $1.00 Warm Sakes.  However, they ran out of Sake flasks (tokkuris)!  The waitress arrived with our sake in wide rimmed glasses which pretty much defeats the purpose of the flask which is to prevent the heat from escaping!  They also ran out of sake cups (ochokos), so we asked for shot glasses.  She was completely out of that as well!  She did apologize profusely and it appeared she actually went around to look.  They just didn't have enough people cleaning up the tables and washing the dishes.  (I personally think it's a management problem and they should be used to their busy Sunday nights and sake drinking crowds.  Running out of tokkuris and ochokos really is unacceptable.)  As a result, I brought their rating from a four to a three.
4	NOW I GET IT!!!! "RAw SUSHI!"Very clever.I was in Vegas for tamales in December (Yes, just for tamales. Really.) and tried to find Ra for a mid evening snack, but couldn't. Dunno where it went. Anyhow, last time I was there it was good stuff. It's not the best in Vegas, but it was certainly one of the simplest experiences I had there. It isn't worth cabbing to the Luxor for, but once you're there and you've washed down too many three-foot ra-aritas upstairs, come slide some RAw fish down.
4	Seems everyone has a strong opinion 'bout this place.  AND SO DO I!!!!I have been to Ra a few times, and only one out of few times was it subtle and quiet.  So to start, this is not a quiet traditional sit down sushi bar.  This is a trendy pop sushi fest.The decor is nice and.....red. Great date color.  Add a few hot bottles of $1 dollar sake at Happy Hour and you can pretty much land a sure thing.No, the rolls aren't awesome, but, at Happy Hour you and your friends can get a table full rolls that ain't half bad.  They also have flavored sake....such as Mango or Apple. (way too sweet for my taste)The night to go is Sunday, which is Service Industry Appreciation Night.    Order your cheap rolls and shout over 80's hits spun by live DJ.  It's fun.
4	I had a great time at Ra Sushi.  In fact, I went there 3 different times when I was here at a conference.  The sushi is very good for being so far from the water and they have some seriously good sake.  The service was much better at the bar than when I sat with a friend of mine who flew in for the weekend, but still damn good fish.  I'd definitely be stopping by here again.
3	I ate at RA with my friends over the weekend it wasn't that memorable but wasn't that bad either.  I ordered a grilled apple teryaki salmon which arrived with wasabi mashed potatoes.  I was hoping for a great meal but it turned out to be a little too sweet for my tastes and not very good.  I did however get to try some shrimp tempura and squid tempura which was okay, nothing spectular either.  I ordered a "viva-las vegas" sushi roll which was okay, but nothing great as well.  Overall, the food at "RA" isn't that great and prices are average.  Expect to spend at least $10 on each roll and $15-$20 on their limited entree selections. I still give RA three stars because of the overall vibe of the restaurant which was kind of cool and hip.  On the saturday night when we dined, there was a DJ spinning really cool music, music you'd hear at a Club or bar.  It was strange because I saw many families eating here and the music was a little inapproriate at times when there were 10 years old and F-bombs flying all round..haha!  Oh well, its Vegas right?  Alcoholic beverages were very good!  The zen mojito was really good as well as some geisha martini drink that I forget the name of.  Parking for this place sucks as you have to park in a structure for the mall it is adjacent to.  The walk through the mall can be bad so it maybe best to park at the Wynn and walk over Las Vegas Blvd. to get to RA... either way you have to walk a long distance but hey you get to check out things along the way.  Enjoy!
4	We were hungry.. walking the strip because we were tired of eating at the same old places.  We walked over to the Fashion Show and scoped out the restaurants there.  We went downstairs toward the thumping loud music coming from the sushi restaurant.  At first we were hesitant to eat here, because the music was seriously loud.  I mean, club level loud.  But we decided to eat here because they had an interesting sounding sushi roll on their menu.. the "Crazy Monkey" .  We had to have a crazy monkey.. because monkey is just our thing!  (no, not monkey meat silly people!)You have to try this roll!  It was seriously YUMMY!  It was pretty much a philly roll, with avocado on top too.  But the unique this was their mango sauce they drizzle on it.  It was sooooo goooood!  We had already had our fill of drinks for the night, but we also saw someone order a Tsunami Punch... 60 oz of mixture of sake and other hard liquors that I can't remember.  The thing was huge!  for $10!  The table next to us ordered 1 and they had 3 people working on this thing.  Next time, I'm going to have one of these!***** Update Sept 2007****We went back, and I tried the Tsunami Punch.  Sooooo goood!  We shared it between 3 people.  I'd say its more of a 2 person drink.
5	Happy Hour.....the best 3 hrs of the day!! RA's is great!! The Sushi is awesome!! The Viva Las Vegas Roll is my fav. that is Kani Kam and cream cheese that is tempura battered and topped with spicy tuna, crab and finished with spinach and a kick ass eel sauce!! Sit at the bar during happy hour and you can't help but be happy!! A ton of sushi and sake specials plus the bartenders are very cool! Try the seasme chicken wings too!!
3	Went here for late lunch on a Sunday.  Got there just in the nick of time to still get one of their specials.   I ordered the tuna bowl - SO good!  And $7.00.  How can you go wrong?  Fun atmosphere and can imagine on a Friday or Saturday night - very fun.  Our waitress was pretty good - she got our order in for the lunch specials just under the wire! We also had the toro - it was good. Not the best (Hawaii for sure) but I liked it.  And the shrimp tempura roll which I liked a lot.They have happy hour starting at 4pm and sushi specials then.  So probably a good place to visit then.  I would go back.
5	Disclaimer: I may be a bit biased since my friends and I met one of the bartenders who invited us to visit.RA is definitely more of a fusion style sushi bar with it's hybrid rolls.  As a result you most definitely have to try the Viva Las Vegas Roll.  It's ingredients may sound peculiar, but again whoever invented this roll has pulled it off!Our new found friend was quick to recommend numerous drinks but the sake sangria she prepared was absolutely delightful on a hot Vegas day.The atmosphere is nice and airy and is great for just relaxing at the bar and people watching.  As with anything else on the strip, it's all within stumbling distance of where ever you may be staying.
4	I quite enjoyed Ra. It's important to realize that yes, it is kind of a hipster scene with the decor and loud music you'd expect from such a place, but I had a good time. This isn't your low key, authentic, hole in the wall sushi bar so if that's what you're looking for, it's best to keep moving.They have a good happy hour menu from 4-7 with really inexpensive rolls, drinks and apps. I really enjoyed the lobster shrimp roll with asian pesto. The pesto really gave it a different flavor that I quite enjoyed. The wasabi mashed potatoes were also to my liking. I didn't actually have any bad food. Some of it was unmemorable, but perfectly acceptable. The only thing I don't recommend is the Banzai martini. Good lord it was the grossest drink I've ever had. Very, very sweet... sickeningly sweet. Unless you want a drink that seems to have been created by a child prostitute or something, avoid this one. Just not good!
3	Decent prices for decent sushi.  Sake for $1 during happy hour almost made me gave this place 4 stars but not quite.  Our waitress was such a biatch and gave us so much attitude for  no forgivable reason!  She kept rolling her eyes, screwed up on our orders, and overcharged us when we got the bill!  Grrrr... gets me all worked up just reliving it.*breathe in... breathe out... $1 sake... okay, I'll stick to 3 stars for RA.
4	My first time here, my friend took me for a late night dinner on a Sunday night and the place was packed, but we still got a table right away. Our waitress was really nice and made sure she checked in on us often. Ordered a couple of rolls and decided to try every flavor of sake they had on the menu (at $1 each, why not?)....let's just say the rest of the night, i was feeling gooooood! =)The next time I went to this place was for lunch with another friend, and we grubbed! Again we had another cool waitress that served us (she was pretty hot too....i forgot her name, but she had wavy hair and a nose ring...in case you're reading this ms. hot waitress...u rock!) The food was good and the fried tempura ice cream for dessert was yummy! I heard that this place is pretty popular with the locals, and they have industry nights complete with a DJ and happy hour specials. Gotta check that out next time! The whole vibe of the place is very hip and geared more for the young crowd. So I highly recommend this place if you're ever in Vegas, and don't wanna do the usual buffet routine...it's right outside the Fashion Show mall, off the strip. Perfect for a date or a big group of friends to hang out at for drinks and food.
3	After a long losing Sunday night in Vegas (what else is new?), we met some friends at Ra Sushi.  Umm...I thought we were having dinner, not going to a club...?? Confused, I walked inside anyways.  The wait for a table of 7 was an hour.  Some of us decided to wait at the bar, and the hostess was nice enough to find me and frequently tell me how much longer the wait would be (which was longer than said hour).The one thing that saves this review is the TSUNAMI PUNCH.  It comes in a glass that's as big as my head.  It's a 60oz blend of sake, SoCo, Amaretto, vodka, juices....my goodness.  Please believe me when I say that you should share this with a friend or two!
5	We stopped by this past sunday night after I found out a good friend was working there and he INSISTED that I stop by.  I'm actually glad I did.  I bumped into some other friends who used to live in SF so it gave us a chance to catch up.  Now, I'm not big on seafood at all but I will say, the drinks, potstickers and the chicken yakatori were all top notch (and my friends that ordered rolls said they were great).  It wasn't too packed either so we didn't have to wait at all, the music was good and we just had a good time overall.  Next time I'm in town, I'm definitely stopping through when we have more time instead of just stopping by right before we're hitting the clubs.  Thanks Shaun, see you in a few months.
2	This is a rapidly expanding chain restaurant, with the emphasis on being trendy. Per its web site, "the music is pumping, the mood is upbeat and the atmosphere is as stimulating as a big bite of wasabi."**The MenuSushi, plus an assortment of other dishes: teriyaki, noodles, katsu. The sushi emphasis is on rolls with all sorts of stuff mixed in. How about a Viva Las Vegas roll: an artificial crab and cream cheese roll, battered and fried, then topped with spicy tuna, crab mix, and lotus root, THEN topped with bbq sauce and fried spinach flakes.**The AtmosphereThe design is simple, with lots of light wood and a black industrial ceiling. Light is provided by a number of blood red globes. Music, at a moderate volume, consisted mostly of blues and rock.The sushi bar is poorly designed. While the sushi chefs try to be friendly, the bar is so deep that it was difficult to be heard over the music. I view this as a major flaw.**The MealSince this was my first meal here, I opted for some basic sushi choices. They all suffered from a basic flaw: rice that was too soft, and lacked flavor. Not a good start. Now, on to the particulars:    * hamachi (yellowtail). The fish was fresh enough but, even given the mild nature of hamachi, was bland.    * unagi (barbecued eel): The eel was barely warm. The sauce was watery.    * flying fish roe with a quail egg: Good. The rich egg flavor and the crunchy roe made the rice's deficiencies less important.    * amaebi (raw sweet shrimp): The shrimp were fresh enough, but lacked flavor. On request, the heads are fried. No tempura batter was used, which I thought odd but not bad. The heads were crisp, but overcooked and somewhat dry. Nonetheless, RA Sushi get points for even offering this selection.**SummaryThe sushi was very disappointing. Go for the atmosphere. Maybe the more exotic rolls are good. Just don't go for regular sushi.**The BillThe meal was $44, plus tax and tip.
4	If you want hip, fun, and live music while you're grubbing on some sushi, I recommend for everybody to come here.  I normally come here on Sundays because it's $1 Sake.  So for $10 I can get wasted and feel great!  Every time I walk in, the security already knows me and gives me a hug to greet me.  The setting is very laid back and casual.  There's no dress code and it's comfortable.  As I enter, on the right there's the DJ booth and there's always different DJ's spinning.  On Wednesday's they have an open spin night.  The decor is very modern with bamboos for plants.  There are some good art work on the wall to spice up the scenery inside.  As I walk a few steps more, there lies the bar and on most occasions that's where I'll end up but sometimes I'll take the table if I felt like it.  The stools are very comfortable and cushiony.  There are a lot of candles lit up through out the bar to give some lighting.  For the sports lovers, a huge flat screen TV hangs above the bar for some entertainment.  I've watched the Ms. USA on there one time.  The menu is mouthwatering and deliciouso.  I've eaten everything on there so I know it's all good.  I can't pin point which is my favorite because they're all just different.  Only sad part is they don't have any oysters in the menu.  :(  What's awesome about this spot is the different flavor sake.  i didn't realize there were so many different kinds.  I found my favorite to be Pineapple.  mmmm... yummy.
4	Huurrr RA for RA SushiHip... rockin... and good food.Ate here with some friends and business associate.  The sushi was decent/good, the other menu items were also both intriguing and delightful.  A nice selection of Saki's and beer.Only complaints are 1.) as much as I like hip, when I feel like being hip, the music was too loud to hear the person across from me... as well he was playing all rasta beats... loud rasta music and sushi equals not so much good deal. 2.)  Sushi selection was lackluster, all the basics, but none of the best.Definitely would recommend, if I go back and the same DJ is spinning I will probably come back and note this as 3 star rating rather then its current 4.
4	Decent tasting sushi.  The decor is pretty; very fitting for the Vegas scene.  Sushi pieces were a bit small, but the presentation was nice.  This place is in the outdoor area right in front of Fashion Show Mall.  The location is great, right across of our hotel.  The lunch specials are great; you get a lot of food for $6-8 bento boxes.
5	I LOVE THEIR WASABI MASHED POTATOES! HOLY CRAP IS IT GOOD!!! Sushi is bomb. Excellent service. Damn 5 stars. SOOOOO GOOODDD. I WISH THERE WAS A RA SUSHI IN THE BAY AREA!!!!!!!!
5	I LOVE this place. MmMm... one of my all time favorite sushi restaurants! I have to eat here when I'm in Vegas. I  like the decor and ambiance of the restaurant too. Happy hour is great. $1 pineapple saki.... you just can't go wrong with that! When my friends and I order, it always seems like we're going overboard, but we just know what we like and we like it all. =) I can't remember everything we order.. but one of my favs is the scallop dynamite.
3	Not bad, but not worth the price you pay.  I love sushi, but I love good sushi with good service, and I will pay so if it is worth it.  Ra was SO not worth it.We went on New Year's Eve before heading to Tangerine.  For NYE at 6:15, the place was fairly dead.  We had a party of 7.  We filled out our sushi paper.  The waitress lost it and brought us back another one and asked us if it was ours, and when it wasn't, told us to fill it out again.  It took her forever to bring out drinks.  If it was busy, then this would have been more understandable, but the place wasn't busy at all!   Plus, my friend wanted warm saki, and we were informed they weren't doing warm saki that night.  WTF!  Then, when we get the check, gratuity it added in -- it was one of those cases when she just didn't give a shit.As for the food, it was average sushi.  The alaskan king crab nigiri didn't taste very good at all, which was very disappointing.  I was suprised at the fried calamari maki, which was a house speciality and it was good.  Edamame came gratis, which was nice since we were waiting forever for our drinks.Overall, when I am at a nice restaurant, paying Las Vegas strip prices at a chain restaurant, I expect something better than I get at the budget Chicago Boystown sushi joint.  That is why Ra at the Fashion Show gets 3 Stars.
4	I went here recently and my meal was good.  Compared to the other choices it was fairly inexpensive too, which is nice because I needed to save my money (for vegas... expenses)the sushi isn't the best I've had, but I'm not all that picky about sushi and I always end up liking it.  The atmosphere was nice, too. Then again, maybe I liked it because I was starving after the long drive TO vegas. best drive ever.
3	I think this place is okay.  In a town of super pricey sushi- it is reasonable...but you pay for that in quality.  The dishes can be interesting and I was impressed by the diverse staff.  The service was quick and friendly.  But not the most impressive sushi I have ever had.  The rice was a little too wet, the fish the all you can eat quality...But I understand they have a spot in Torance CA...so maybe that location is different.
5	I love this place!  Very very cute decor and ambience, and basically a good place to chill on a Sunday night!  Good thing about Vegas is that nothing ever really closes!!  =)  This might be the best sushi on the strip.  Sushi was very tasteful!  Try going during happy hour when prices are a lil cheaper!  Oh and the sake bombs are hellla gooood!  One bottle is actually good for 3-4 shots so share if beer is not your thing!
5	Been here once only but that was one of the best dining/drinking experiences of my life.  Well, I did come here for their Service Industry Night on a Sunday evening so that especially was kick ass.  I doubt I will come here on any other night cause I'm afraid any other night would just get me disappointed and I certainly don't want to ruin my expectations from this spot.  Not sure if the items below or prices are still accurate but it is what it was when I went about a year ago.  And it was KICK ASS!!!  Honestly, I would come to Vegas just for this.  But only available on Sundays so if you are in just for the weekend, maybe stay an extra day or two so you can try Ra on Sunday Nights....  Alot of Variety.  Most places only give a couple items for specials but Ra definitely hooks it up....So their Specials for Sunday Nights are as follows:Food Specials from 8p - 12 midnight:Edamame $1.50Flying Fish Eggs $2.50Flying Fish Roll $5.00Salmon Nigiri $2.50California Roll $3.00Cali Roll w/ Masago $3.50Spicy Tuna Roll $3.50Tootsy Maki $3.75Shrimp Tempura Roll $4.25Chicken Yakatori $3.50Scallop Dynamite $3.25Pork Gyoza $2.75Coconut Shrimp Tempura $3.75Drink Specials from 8p - 2a:Warm Sake $1.00Bud Light $2.25Well & Call Drinks $3.50Cold Sake (Hakutsuru) $3.25Kirin $5.00Kirin w/ Warm Sake $6.00Duck Pond Chardonnay $4.50Duck Pond Merlot $4.50
1	Honestly, this is the worst Japanese restaurant that we have ever been to. Food was so crappy......it is not Japanese food at all. I don't know what that was, e.g. the coconut shrimp, I couldn't eat shrimp anymore after that........holy crap!
1	The horror... the horror... the horror. This is anything but Japanese food. The food here is about as authentic Japanese as Mexican General Pancho Villa was an authentic Soviet astronaut. Making great sushi is indeed an art, so it would seem like a no-brainer to make something like a chicken teriyaki. That is until you come to RA. Not only was the chicken dry, the rice was soggy - yes, SOGGY - the bok choi was overcooked, the mushrooms were undercooked, and the "sauce" was watery. It was horrible. I couldn't even finish half of this dish. And if it was just my dish that was bad, then I'd be forgiving. But it wasn't. My girlfriend's dish was terrible, too. She didn't finish hers either. The best thing on her chicken salad was the avacado, and that was good only because all they had to do was slice it and put it on the plate. She also had some sushi, and complained that it wasn't very good.Service was terrible. The hostess was friendly enough, but the wait staff was awfully slow. We waited for almost 10 minutes while they "cleared" a table that was already clear... couldn't she have helped the wait staff out, or was it really that important for her to change the candles on the decor in the lobby at 3pm in the afternoon? When the bill came, our waitress didn't even bother coming back to the table to get my card - we had to take the bill to the hostess. Not the waitress, the hostess. That's terrible service. They got no tip.Anybody that thinks this is good food is obviously out of their mind, and has absolutely no comparison to good, authentic Japanese food. It's just crap here. The decor is nice, the location is nice, the people watching is nice. But if it doesn't come in a sealed bottle, don't order it, because it's going to be crap.You've been warned.
3	What can I say about this place? Sushi is not great but I don't expect it to be. This isn't exactly a city by the ocean. The price is ok especially when you look at the other Japanese restaurants on the strip that are 2 to 3 times more expensive for the same or similar types of dishes. I just had a bento box with beef teriyaki for about 8 bucks at lunch time. A friend of mine had something similar. They were ok. We also ordered nigiri salmon(wasn't that fresh). Total with tip was close to 30 bucks. If you want some cheap Japanese food, come here. You can PROBABLY get better on the strip; just be prepared to pay lot more.
4	Their happy hour is good. Sushi isn't the best but I figured it wouldn't be. Sit outside so you can enjoy the sites on the strip and the interesting people that walk by you.Order a Tsunami Punch... they are YUMMY! Its like jungle juice made with Saki. Oh, and share it with another person. Actually, I take that back, order one for yourself and take the rest to go!!! Oh how I love Vegas...
4	This restaurant was good, and the prices weren't too bad. I thought it would be more pricy giving the fact that it was in front of the strip. If you sit outside, then you can see what goes on at the strip, because the strip is right there. The service was good; my server had a really nice smile on her face. The food was good as well, I wouldn't say excellent though, but it was still good.If you are in Vegas, and you are craving for some Japanese food, and if you don't want to spend too much, then this is the place for you.
5	THE best happy hour that I have found! (Weekdays 4-7pm)The food is really good and the drinks better! $10 for a huge Tsunami punch (think Voodoo's What The Witch Dr ordered drink - in Size, but better tasting)$1 Warm Sake, 3.50 well drinks, 2.75 Bud Light, etc Nice!The decor is dark and cool, you can also sit outside if you like but nothing beats the inside decor, IMHO.
3	Got sent here from Social House at TI... this place is allegedly open for food until midnight and until 2am for drinks on Monday nights, but we got here at 1am and it was muy cerrado. The staff closing up did send us on to legs four and five of our quest for late night Vegas sushi: Hamada and Kaizen.    Would like to come back to RA... it does have a reasonably cool location looking out onto the orgy of marketing that is the Fashion Show Mall pedestrian plaza.
3	Date visited: 2008-07-04When in Vegas, I normally do not eat at restaurants... It's always buffets.However, figuring it was a Friday night and July 4th, we thought it would be best to eat at a restaurant instead of facing the long buffet dinner lines.I chose this place because the Yelp reviews said it was decently priced with decent food and it was close to our hotel.We sat down with about 20 minutes left before the end of Happy Hour so my brother and I ordered 5 items - 4 food items and 1 huge Tsunami punch (which I neglected to read from the reviews that it is a drink to share).Highlights--The drink was yummy. My mom liked it a lot. I think she drank more than I did!-I ordered my usual soft shell crab which they cooked with a harder-than-I-am-used-to batter and covered it with sesame seeds - it took away from the flavor the crab. -I did not like the texture of the agedashi tofu. -Nice selection on the sashimi combo - I ate my dad's tako sashimi. Yum! Chewy without giving my jaw too much of a workout. -The rolls we ordered were only okay. I did not taste all the flavors I remembered reading on the menu when I ordered them.I would go back just for Happy Hour or their Late Night Menu.
3	This place has to have some of the most affordable sushi/sashimi selections on the strip!  I usually don't like to eat out on the strip, mainly because of overpriced menu selections, but surprisingly, RA Sushi is not that!  I had the opportunity to go for happy hour last week with some colleagues of mine from work, and we were all rather impressed.  Happy Hour is Mon - Fri from 4PM - 7PM, with a limited menu.  Where else on Las Vegas Blvd. can you find Yellowtail Sashimi for $3, Spicy Tuna Rolls for $4, and a carafe of hot sake for $1!?  Kudos to this place for great food at great prices!  Just a note to the managers:  Please think about installing some water misters on the patio area.  I'd like to enjoy my food on your patio that has an amazing view of the Wynn without being overwhelmed by the 105+ degree heat in the summer months.
3	I like this place enough.. and would go if I had a hunger for something Japanese-like or even some Sushi that passed as fresh. .. If I were at that shopping area already or nearby... not sure if I would necessarily go out of my way to go there. Things is, I am not a really big on the service @ RA.. Never anything spectacular, and I guess I am not really looking for spectacular.. just good. Lunch is my favorite time to go to RA as there are good lunch specials like the "spicy tuna bowl" for about $5 .. and the price allows me to forget that the service isn't so great. Thanks!
3	Shared the spicy chicken teriyaki udon which was pretty good, but the noodles overwhelmed the chicken and veggies by a lot. It filled us up pretty quickly.Also shared the pineapple chicken and loved it. After seeing the dish, ordered white rice to go with it and that could have been a meal in itself.Service was good, but brisk nearing the side of rude.  Don't even ask about getting a Bento Box after 3pm. (Rules are rules, and 3:03pm means no Bento Box!).Overall, okay for a hangover meal in Vegas. (At 3:03 in the afternoon no less...really, I'm not that much of a baller).
4	Food: Good. I tried the teriyaki chicken yaki udon which was very tasty. Nice presentation also. The food in here smelled and looked good, I wouldn't mind returning to try other dishes.Price: Not bad at all. My dish was around $13 and most other meat dishes were $15 and up. Good portion for price though.Service: Very friendly and attentive. Atmosphere: Dark, intimate and trendy! Wasn't too crowded when we came in here but definitely a good place for groups.Location: Located at Fashion Show Mall
5	Been here twice and it's always after work so I am always hungry.I've tried:- the Gojira roll- TOTALLY LOVE THE PINEAPPLE CHEESE WONTONS!!!! (Surprised there is no review from anybody about these, I always get two when I go, everytime and the slaw it's served on is to die for too)- I had a Lobster roll topped with Mango (I believe it was 9.50) which was one of the best rolls I've had.- Chicken Yakatori (Yummmmm!!)- Pork Goyza (Yummm!!)The Sea Monkey is a pretty good drink too.(My only complaint is that the Blue Fin drink listed on the website http://www.rasushi.com/Is not on the menu in the Las Vegas location and it's not like I'm not gonna remember what's in it so they can make it for me!)Go on SIN Sunday!! Totally save you a ton of money and the prices aren't bad considering it's on the strip.This place is up there with Tiger Sushi (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tiger-sushi-las-vegas #1 in town!) and Ichiza.
4	"Don't worry, it's only across the street." I think I've said that same line to about fifteen different people as we're walking "one block" across Las Vegas Blvd from the Palazzo to Fashion Show Mall. It does look close, what they don't realize is that with all the causeways and walkways and the fact it's 115 degrees outside and that we need to keep stopping to light cigarettes, finish our mojitos, and check our cell phones that are blowing up, that it will take 15 minutes to walk there.RA Sushi is on the Wynn side corner of Fashion Show Mall, totally Vegas style, you've pretty much got a lot of what you want in there, and also a lot of what you don't. On the darker side in regards to lighting (note: beneficial information, darker means cooler temperature, bonus) the restaurant has a large sushi bar and wonderful glowing red orb light fixtures throughout giving it a modern yet Asian feel. There's always ample seating, my servers are gracious and usually totally hot (note for men: hot sexy waitresses serving sushi, not bad) and their outside area is where you'll find me and my crew.Veggie gyoza potstickers with spicy sauce, super tasty miso soup (yes, sometimes there IS a difference), and beef skewers that just hit the spot. There's even a happy hour where drinks and sushi/appetizers are extremely inexpensive so we stock up before we hit the tables once again. The sake list is good, so you can get your drink on, and the mixed drinks aren't half bad at all. My sushi comes quickly and is always fresh. The fish is good and light, and the rolls creative and most on the larger side. You don't have to drop dollars and make it rain to eat like a rockstar here which is good, especially if you hit up Sushi Roku the night before and your 400 dollar bill isn't exactly what you were looking for to spend for lunch with your roll dawgs. My waitress hooked me and my girl up last time like superstars, and she's always taken care of me there. We tip well, they take care of us. Plus afterwards if you've gotten your buzz on as appropriate in Vegas, you can go shopping galore inside, walk back across the street (for the high rollers) and hit the Wynn, or do as we do: Plan ahead, wear our bikinis to go to the pool, desperately try to make it everyday, and instead end up sitting at the tables, playing like it's going out of style.
4	My brother and his girlfriend had told me this place was good and that I would really like it. So, for dinner one of the nights I was in Vegas this past weekend we decided to eat here. Between me and one other person we shared the pineapple cream cheese wontons appetizer which was really good. We then ordered 5 items to share. Yellowtail Ceviche with jalapeno, tiny tempura bits, cilantro, and a really yummy chili ponzu garlic sauce. Sliced Ahi Tuna with avocado and a dipping sauce for that too. Tootsie Maki roll, beef tataki roll, and the new zealand roll. All of them were really good. Even the New Zealand roll which was made with smoked salmon (I'm not a fan of salmon). Not cheap but not extremely expensive. I would definitely come back here again for sushi if I was in Vegas. Also, they have this really good dessert. Fried tempura coated Cinnamon ice cream with chocolate and raspberry sauce. Yum!!!  As for the service, our server was great. The food came out really quick and since we were a party of 11, she got everything right even for the picky ones in the group.
4	Ra was one of the first places I visited during my first stay in the lovely Las Vegas and also made a great comeback my second time around. The atmosphere is hip and trendy, along with the place as a whole. Ra introduces a new spin to sushi- not only in the actual food but also in things like the naming of the dishes. It's fun place to enjoy the night.... not to mention hot waitresses. w00t.
4	Came here for the second time Sat Nov 15.  Our hostess Jessica was super sweet and gave us several options where we could sit.  Our waitress was (I believe) named Megan (shorter, and cute short blond hair) and she was super super sweet, giggly and a great waitress.  We started with the edamame, which was just normal edamame.  We also got a spicy tuna roll for a starter and it was tasty.  For my entree I got the Tuna2 salad which was pretty tasty.  Sooo much raw fish on it, but the ra fish could have been seasoned or something to add a bit more taste.  It was good though.  One friend got the Ultimate Shrimp tempura roll and said it was fine..just decent, and my other friend got the.....i cant find it on the website, but it was a steak roll served with some type of sauce.  We ended up ordering a 2nd roll of that because it was pretty tasty..the meat was a little over cooked, but good with the sauce.The service was great and the atmosphere is fun..and the heating lamps on the patio are great :)  To end our dinner my friend ordered the espresso martini and it was sweet but super good and super strong!  All of their drink's looked delicious!
4	If you're still in Vegas on a Sunday night, RA Sushi is a MUST!! Happy hour prices are available on sunday nights. I'm talking about $2.50-$5.00 a roll!!! One of the best places to have sushi on the strip.The last three times I've been to Vegas, we ordered the entire Happy Hour menu, which is about 15-18 items, all for roughly $45!!!! Be sure you have plenty of people to share it with, I suggest about 4 people! Imagine, $10 per person for an assortment of sushi and other Japanese dishes!! You cannot find good quality food at this price that will leave you satisfied in Vegas anywhere!! My favorites are the Coconut Shrimp Tempura and the Scallop Dynamite!! YUMMM!!!The party never stops in Vegas,  so expect loud music spun by an in house DJ (of course with a pre-made set), plasma screen tv's and a full bar!! Great atmosphere for the non-stop party animals!! Happy Hour prices are also available for sake and beer, just $6 for both. This place can get a bit crowded around 8PM, so anticipate a long wait, or try to come early, or even try to come in late after the ideal dinner time. I believe Happy Hour starts at 6PM and ends at 12AM. Make sure your order is in before 12 to keep happy hour prices.
3	The walk over to RA from the Palazzo is painful. Why can't they just build a bridge that cuts diagonal over Las Vegas Blvd? They force you to walk over to the Wynn, then go over another bridge only to finally end up at Fasion Mall -- aka the spaceship. The Apple iPod is heavily advertised here and if you walk from the Palazzo to the mall, you'll hear their theme song about 200 times. "I tried to do headstands for you..."The food at RA never wows me. I ordered the New Zealand Roll and it was interesting! Cream Cheese, Tuna, Scallops, Kiwi, Mangoes, or something like that. It was definitely interesting. The bf didn't enjoy this too much because it was too weird for him but I did! I like weird things.The red lights in RA make me feel REALLY sleepy so definitely ask for their tea to keep you awake. Our server was pretty attentive to us and nice. She also told us that their green tea was heavily caffeinated and after having said that, we all wanted some to keep us awake.
3	Those of you who know me personally, know I'd call myself a Sushi Novice - I'm a beginner at best - despite RC & Hikaru's efforts to introduce me to the world of raw fish.  However, I too, sometimes get a craving for a good california roll.  LOLBeginner that I am, I'm dragging my husband into this journey with me, and although I don't ever think he'll venture to try the Uni or the Eel, he too loves good tempura and mock - sushi.We came across RA and decided to stop in.  We had a couple of Bento Boxes - AKA your basic combo meal (rice, salad, egg roll and tempura) in addition to a couple of Rolls.  Pretty good stuff.  Prices were ok, although I hear there is a MEAN happy hour.We only saw our waitress twice - first to take our order and again to deliver the check - but the bus boy and the food runners took pretty good care of us.  We sat outside and could tell that the party of 9 to our left was taking up all our waitress' time, so she's forgiven.Next time, I think I'll try the Rainbow roll....yum.
4	4 stars only for their Scallop Dynamite roll. That thing was absolutely delish.Also had the Crazy Monkey and Crunchy Calamari rolls with a chicken teriyaki bento box. All 3 were blah. The Crazy Monkey was too sweet due to the mango sauce and the Crunchy Calamari shouldn't have had cream cheese in it. My chicken teriyaki was bland. I made my fiance finish it cuz I didn't want it.Being pregnant, this was the only place that had a variety of cooked sushi on the strip cuz obviously, I can't eat raw food. But why did every roll have to have cream cheese? Service was pretty good as our glasses were always refilled and we got our sushi and bento boxes rather quickly. We were in and out in about an hour or less.4 stars only for their Scallop Dynamite roll. Okay, and for the good service we received and cleanliness of the restaurant!
3	This place was recommended by a friend of ours who lives in Vegas so we tried it out.  The restaurant is clean and eclectic, like their bathrooms, but the restaurant is really dark.  The Sushi was decent, between 4 of us we ordered almost 250 dollars worth, and it was average.  The presentation was good, but like someone else stated, it took a while and we were not told as to why or told when it would be out.  When we got the sushi, some of it seemed soft not firm as you would expect from sushi grade fish.  After the fact, I don't know if it was the sushi or the drinks while playing craps at the Wynn but I started to feel not so well.  I can't fault RA, as I drank a fair share, but I never had a reaction like that on any other night.  But this year when we go back to Vegas, we are going to skip RA and try Kabuki's or Sushi Roku.
4	One of my favorite Happy Hour locations.  Admittedly, i've never eaten there, not during happy hour.  The Happy Hour sushi menu is great for me, a non-sophisticated sushi eater.  Hot sake is a good deal too.
2	I have eaten at a few different RA Sushi locations in AZ and was so happy to see that I had one so close by home.  My daughter and I eat sushi at least once a week and we've found some great sushi places in the las vegas area...........this is NOT one of them.  Our meal was way over priced and I have to say probably some of the worst sushi I've had in awhile.  The service was terrible and I won't go back here.  I knew the prices were high in advance because I have been to RA and had a great time and a great meal but I won't go back to this location based on the food/service we received at this location.
5	I dined here for the first time with two friends a week ago. We went for their sushi happy hour and it was awesome.  $1 for Sake and half off 22-ounce Kirin.  For appetizers we ordered pineapple cheese wontons, spinach gyoza, shrimp tempura, calamari tempura and vegetable tempura.  These items came out five minutes after we ordered them and the portions were huge, especially the calamari and vegetable!  For sushi we ordered the Crispy Tuna roll, Viva Las Vegas roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, California Roll and Spicy Yellowtail roll.   These rolls arrived at our table right after we got our appetizers.  The Crispy Tuna and Viva Las Vegas rolls were really good! We had all of our food in less than 8 minutes!  For all this food and a couple rounds of drinks we paid under $60!  This is one of the best food bargains on the strip. They also played some great music while we were dining.  I'll definitely be going back on my next visit to vegas!
1	It has been a long time since I have had this bad of a meal. I absolutely love sushi and am usually willing to give most places a try. Ra seemed promising...it was full of people, dimly lit, bumpin top 40 tunes. I was by myself and requested to sit at the sushi bar. I figured that it would surely be faster to sit at the bar then a table...boy was I wrong. When I gave the sushi chef my menu of selections, he informed me that it would be at least 30 minutes before I got my first order. What?!?! Yes, the place was kind of busy, but not packed, and there were at least 4 sushi chefs behind the counter.So I figured that I would order some miso soup and vegetable tempura appetizer to kill some time. The soup was good, kind of hard to screw that up. The tempura on the other hand, left a lot to be desired. They gave me about 10 pieces, 8 of which were asparagus and broccoli. Come on! I want some sweet potato, regular potato, green beans....anything but a plate of broccoli! Broccoli never tempura's well because the batter gets in the crevices and never really cooks, but stays raw. Utterly disgusting. The tempura dipping sauce had absolutely no flavor at all and added nothing to the flavor of the dish. About 30-minutes later and on cue, my sushi began to filter in. First I was given my rainbow roll. The diameter of this roll was a little larger than the size of a quarter. It was cut into 8 pieces and consumed in about 20 seconds. Next, I was given my tuna. The tuna was mushy and the rice fell apart on almost every piece. I am no sushi virgin and know full well how to use chop sticks...this rice was horrible. 10 minutes later I was given my yellowtail. Again, it was mushy and the rice fell apart. Some time later my salmon arrived and it was the same story. I had to ask for ginger and wasabi, as they were not just provided to me. I saw my server maybe twice and not only did my glass of water sit empty for nearly 20 minutes at a time, but my plates began to stack up next to me. The sushi chef wouldn't even give patrons the time of day and seemed as though we were bugging him every time we wished to place an order. Look, at nearly $6.00  for two pieces of tuna sushi, the food better be pristine! And the service impeccable! The menu comes with a disclaimer that good sushi takes a while to prepare, so if you can't wait, then you basically should leave. Um, no. Good sushi does not take 30-minutes to prepare. Sushi was designed to be Japanese fast food, analogous to the western European sandwich. If you are going to pose as a sushi elitist restaurant, then at least go all the way. I expect to not have wooden chop sticks that splinter and I would like my sushi to be served in the correct order, from light fish to dark. All in all, the service sucked and the food was blah. I'm done with this rant. That's how much I hate this place. If no star was an option, I would have picked that!
4	I visited RA for the first time last week after a long day of shopping at Fashion Show and it was fantastic!  Got a whole array of different rolls to split amongst the group.  We kept it pretty simple with spicy tuna rolls, yellowtail and scallion rolls, philadelphia rolls and the crispy tuna rolls.  Delicious and super fresh fish!Also, the sake bombs were really great here.  The prices were very reasonable and we even convinced the table next to us to join us in the fun.The decor is clean and modern and the waitstaff is friendly and doesn't rush you to get out (even when's there's a line of people waiting).
4	Love this place. I started going to RA when I was in college in Tempe, Arizona. Each RA has a unique vibe to it, but same quality sushi. ...and, I know what you are thinking...sushi, in the desert? Trust and believe, it is worth a stop. It's inexpensive, really good, inventive, and fast. I bring people [co-workers and friends] here every time we go to Vegas, and no one has been disappointed. My co-workers and I even turned the dining room into a dance floor the last time we were there. If it is a cool enough night, get some friends together, sit on the patio [which overlooks The Strip], get some saki bombers, sushi, and enjoy!
4	4-7 Happy Hour!!  It was 6 and we were tired from shopping, and RA just happened to be there waiting for us!  Drinks range from $1 (sake) to $5.  Well drinks are $3, specialty drinks $4.  There's a happy hour menu which has some rolls and some other appetizers that are all half off.  For food, we shared a crispy spicy tuna roll, a viva las vegas roll, the scallop dynamite (appetizer, not roll), and crab cakes.  This came out to $20 which is quite a deal if I don't say so myself!  The crab cakes were great - there's 3 so it was good for sharing.  Crispy Spicy Tuna is sort of strange; it comes on these sesame rice balls that are quite glutinous.  The scallop dynamite is this baked, sizzling hot plate with some mushrooms and creamy sauce.  Good!    Nigiri is also half off (maybe only some kinds), so we tried the salmon and tuna ones.  Two pieces of nigiri for 2.50, not bad.I had the Pamatini which was kinda pomegranate-ish with other stuff.  It was tasty =) All in all, a good place to go for happy hour!
3	ATMOSPHERE: Flat screens everywhere playing sports. Red lighting, red interior. Top 20's music - pretty loud. Indoor and patio seating available. FOOD: Some vegetarian options here: 1. Agadeshi tofu (appetizer) -  I'm not a fan of this dish in the 1st place but maybe I was expecting something different at a different place? I like my tofu firm and I don't like too much fried stuff. Okay, tasting.2. Spinach dumplings (appetizer) - good! These are fried though. I should have asked them if they could be steamed. 3. Veggie sushi roll - standard. I can make this at home. It was good though.The meat-eater liked his dishes okay (which included eel sashimi, calamari roll)SERVICE: Our waitress was very nice and sweet. Pretty quick for being a relatively busy dinner hour. PRICES: Very good! We went for happy hour by luck, which is 4-7pm!  1/2 off sushi/appetizers and specials on drinks (beer, martini's - pamatini, saketini, appletini, etc). Not everything is 1/2 off but they had a pretty extensive selection from the menu. Our total bill was $30 for 2 people and I think we ordered 2 appetizers, 4 or 5 sushi rolls, and a beer (Sapporo). Pretty good for sushi!LOCATION: Within the Fashion Show Mall (UFO looking complex) across from the Wynn on the 1st floor level.CONCLUSION: I don't think it's worth it if it's not happy hour but good deal for okay sushi at happy hour times. Would come back for drink happy hour if I'm in Vegas!
4	This place is awesome.  But for the fact that it is randomly in a mall, I think I may have given it 5 stars.  I went here with a group of girlfriends before seeing the 9:00 showing of Mystere at Treasure Island.  So it was a little on the late side, yet happy hour seemed to be going on and on.  Rolls were well priced and sake was $1 - big mistake for management given my friends' love for sake bombs.  Joe, our friendly hot waiter/kindred spirit fan of Eastbound and Down made fantastic suggestions on the food - though I can't remember the names of the rolls, I enjoyed one with shrimp tempura in it, some mango lobster creation, and another super hot one with jalapenos (I might have been the only one who thought it was super hot).  The atmosphere was pretty cool with lots of red lantern lighting and good music - though I felt like we might have been the only rowdy group there given the Sunday family crowd they had going.  But, delicious sushi, great cocktails, and wonderful service.
4	I got a good vibe from this place, good variety of music, a little dark, but overall a good theme. We got in at 3 o'clock so the food got to us quickly and was very fresh. The crunchy shrimp tempura roll was delicious as were the spicy sesame chicken wings. Good food, good people, check them out if you're in the area!
2	Seems like a nice place if you just have to have sushi and you don't want to leave the strip. I would not seek this place out though. We had a variety of sushi rolls and none were bad, but neither were any of them great
4	Hurray for reverse Happy Hour starting at 10pm!! my vodka seven cost me $3 bucks!!!Came on a Saturday night without a reservation and waited about 10-15 min for a party of 3. We were able to eat outside. Lovely time and fun to people watch. Rolls were excellent and drinks regular priced were only $5.50. I feel like that is unheard of in Vegas. I would for sure come here for their Happy Hour specials.
3	I would have to give this place 3 stars because the quality and taste was just average. They have happy hour specials but not for all items. Once happy hour is done be careful ordering drinks for it may add up too quickly. Having a place in a location where the rent is probably incredibly expensive (fashion show mall), I could understand why their prices are a bit high and quality is just average. The overhead is too high. That is why you have to go to hole in the wall places. The crowd gets busy here at night at the bar. I come here to try the food, If i wanted to hang out i would go to a real bar.
4	RA, while a chain that we could have gone to in Chicago, has great late night happy hour specials, yummy tempura and solid sushi. None of that rolls falling apart crap that makes it hard to eat. I most drank, it being my last night in Vegas and me being broke. My wine was good and cheap, and my friends got vodka sevens for 5 bucks. Just wait, after 10 pm they host a late night happy hour, and offer superb drink specials, like a pint sized Tsunami for only $4. You don't need more than three of those to get more than a buzz. The bartender was great - very nice and willing to take our picture and even take a picture with us. He didn't speak the best of English and was still so accommodating. I don't normally like going to chains when I'm on vacation, but RA was a good choice.
4	Yay for Happy Hour on Saturdays! Half off apps and rolls and good drink specials. Try the Las Vegas roll and the spicy tuna.
4	My husband and I had eaten here for lunch on a previous visit to Vegas. But this time, we tried a dinner visit. We went on a Sunday night when they were having their Happy Hour.  We were quite happy!We had to wait for our table so waited at the bar. They also had drink specials and the service was fast even though busy.The prices for the happy hour menu are 50% off and they have quite a lot of items on the happy hour menu. Drinks, Appetizers, Sushi and dinner items. We got drinks, apps and sushi. We ordered about 10 different things plus drinks and our bill with tip was $80 - this is damn reasonable for this much food and drinks in Vegas.My favorite items were:Apps: pineapple cheese wontons (YUM!)Sushi: Gojira roll (say with 50s movie Japanese accent) and Crispy Spicy Tuna roll Plus the simple tuna nigiri was delicious - very fresh! It was crowded but the service was excellent. The waitress was always by to make sure we were good. Plus when one of our last rolls was taking a long time, she gave us another on the house. We go for lunch for the yummy spicy tuna bowls (highly recommended)  but I now also recommend for dinner. They had good music playing for dinner and for lunch I was able to watch ESPN Sports Center :)
3	Would have been a 2 star rating but we went during happy hour... $1 sakes, $2 beers, and half price selected appetizer and sushi items.Rolls were average and the crab cakes were worse than the ones you'd find at a Hooters. The pork gyozas, however, were pretty good.There's too many restaurants in Vegas to waste your time with this one.
2	I have been here a few times because my friend who works nearby likes to come here late-night.  Everytime we came late, provided it was still open, the food was pretty good.  My most recent visit, which was last week during happy hour, was pretty bad.I will start with the bad.  The happy hour menu was cheap enough, but only had about 10 things to choose from.  The sushi we ordered was fine, nothing special, but anything that came out of the fryer was terrible.  The crab cakes were absolute crabp.  The fried spicy tuna roll was not edible.  At the end of the day, I would have rather paid full price for food I could eat than half price for food I cannot.  Even at full price, I recommend paying a bit more and eating at a top-notch sushi spot, which Vegas has a lot of.Again, the past visits were not bad, just not great.  I would have given 3 stars until my most recent visit.  The location is on the frontage of the Fashion Show Mall, just across from Wynn.  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  No reservations are needed and they don't seem to have a dress code.  Park at Fashion Show in self-park or valet, or walk from your hotel.
3	I went there for the 1/2 price happy hour, and becamse satisfied after my 5th order of rolls. Their portions were so small, and the ambiance was pretty cool... a little too Americanized cool for my taste though. I am the type of person that doesn't go out much for sushi because my dad makes it at home at a much better quality and freshness. So for me to go to a sushi bar means either (1) I am REALLY craving sushi, (2) other people around me are craving it, or (3) the ambiance is really hot. Well... I think 2 out of 3 apply in this case, however I can't say the sushi was by any means high quality. The rice wasn't made well and it is just about a little better than your typical buffett made sushi. Well... since the happy hour prices were awesome, I can't complain much (the party of 8 frat boy gringos next to my table certainly seemed to love their "cultured" sushi experience)okay... let me break it down my take on the restaurant....Sushi Quality: 2 starsAmbiance: 4 stars, if you are looking for a posh thing. But if you want traditional, 2 stars is more like it. Service: 3 starsPrice: 4 stars (you get what you pay for)Authenticity: 2 stars (only because they had asian looking ppl making sushi and we got chopsticks)Total grade: 2.83 stars.
3	okay food for the price during happy hour. go during happy hour! i tried most of their appetizers and sushi rolls. the only foods i liked were the blue crab cakes, lobster rolls, baked scallops, and the "viva las vegas" roll. most of the sushi rolls were okay, nothing special. service is pretty slow though.
3	i can't possibly give this place more than three stars simply on principle.  sure i'm a non-fish-eating-vegetarian, but still, serving raw fish in the desert? ick.the happy hour deals are great, so great they left me with little memory of the food i'd ordered. the bits and pieces i do remember are average veggie tempura, and a super tasty beef-roll-made-vegetarian recommended by the waitress. i'd likely return for the casual happy hour, though avoid drowning myself in cheap sake.
3	The food here is decent. And I would come here again. The downsides are that they made us wait outside for our group of  8 and when we went inside it was completely empty so they didn't need to make us wait. The up sides are that the food is pretty tasty. I like that each peice of a roll would easily fit in your mouth. The catch is that you have to order more food to feel satisfied. The tempura fried ice cream was yummy. I would eat here again.
4	The food was pretty good...the roll with the crab meat on top was amazing.  Also, the sake sangria was delightful!  I was very pleased with everything, although it was on the high end for not the best sushi ever.  I liked it, but c'mon, you're not getting the freshest fish in Vegas.  I was happy though, and the service was good.  I would go back.
4	A great sushi joint located on the first floor of the Fashion Mall in Las Vegas.  Especially great during happy hour M-Sat 3-7.Ambience- A great place to hang out.  Has a dining room area with a sushi bar.  It also has a seperate partitioned bar area where you can just drink and share a couple appetizers.  Food- Everything was very tasty, especially the lobster spring rolls.  The presentation of the food also felt chic.  We got 3 different sushi rolls, lobster spring rolls, vegetable tempura (yum), and beer for under $30 including tip during happy hour!  Service- It wasn't very busy when we went, but the service was still kind of slow.  But when we did manage to track down our server, she was helpful, friendly, and professional.
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars. We waited for half an hour just to get our edamame. After another half an hour our spicy tuna roll came with spoiled cucumbers. The sushi from the grocery store taste better than these. The service was horrible too. Do not come here.
4	My best friend felt like sushi so I recommended this place.  I had been here before and enjoyed it.  It was getting late also so this was the only place I could think of.  It was not very busy and sat at the bar.  We ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll which is the best ever.  There were also some people doing sake bombs so we decided we should try it too.:-)  We also had a tsunami punch which is yummy and strong.  They have a DJ in there so it makes it fun if you are in the mood to get your party started.  They also gave us the happy hour prices although we were a little early!
4	This is our favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas. We love the Viva Las Vegas Roll and Crazy Monkey is deeeelicious! I love that it is casual and not over expensive like some of the sushi restaurants we've been to. Quality of food is usually good.
4	My boyfriend and I happened to come across this place by chance. We were seated quickly for a Saturday night and our server was awesome. We ordered a Philadelphia roll, Spicy Tuna roll and the Spicy Chicken Teriyaki Udon. They make the Philadelphia rolls how I like them, with the salmon IN the roll! Everything tasted awesome and the prices were very decent for being such a nice place. Great music and happy vibe to the restaurant. The only thing was I ordered the iced green tea, and it's not green tea but barley tea. Would love to go back to this place again on our next trip to Vegas.
3	I give this place two stars for my meal and one star for the service. I wasn't too impressed with my visit here. It started with a visit to the restroom to wash my hands. There was a homeless guy inside washing up. What amazed me was that the place was dead and they had two big guys performing security duties. Really? How did this guy get past these two goons.We requested to be seated outside and they accomodated our group. Our server was cool. She was very attentive. My girl ordered some spicy sushi plate. I can't even remember the name of it. That's how boring it was. I personally ordered the Dynamite something something. That was delicious and it was considered an appetizer. Three of us shared it. Truly the highlight of our meal here.I had a bottle of Sapporo and Kirin Light. For some good sushi go somewhere else.
4	Happy hour is the best time to come for half price apps and drinks. While many of the rolls are not the most authentic, i almost enjoyed the crispy spicy tuna roll as much as the one from Katsuya.
4	So I could be crucified for this review by true sushi enthusiasts, but I can't help it, I just liked this place.  Went here with my sister when she was in town, and it was great.  Its just a great place to go for those ridiculous rolls with a million ingredients.  I know that isn't "authentic" or it would be considered "Americanized," but, hey, if you like Americanized sushi, you won't be disappointed at Ra Sushi.  They master some great flavor combinations, beautiful presentation, and yum fish.
1	Good for drinks only, food tasted horrible.  How can you mess up on teriyaki chicken?! It tasted like plastic, and they the staff didnt even do anything about it when asked to change it. Horrible.
3	RA sushi is an ok place. We had an urge for some sushi. We got here a little after lunch. We originally wanted a buffet. But this was the place we decided. We eventually got to sit down at the bar. It took a while for the bartender came over to help us out. When she finally got there we were ready to order. I ended up getting a bento box and a new zealand roll. The bento box included miso soup. I love miso soup. The roll was good. It had scallops and kiwi on it. It was a mix of sweet and sushi. I liked it. It was funny as we left we noticed that the restaurant had a booth for a dj. I guess they must have live music during the evening.
2	This restaurant is in a mall with the quality and experience comparable to a nondescript mall found anywhere across the U.S.  I sat down at the sushi bar and was the only person even though the restaurant was more than half full.  The chefs were spending all there time making rolls.  I decided to order the sashimi platter with tuna, yellowtail and salmon.  The main chef did a great job of slicing the fish, but the quality was average at the best.  I wanted to go omakase and ask for the chef recommendations, but figured the quality would be comparable for the uni, alabacore, etc.If you do go try the rolls since nigiri/sashimi can be confirmed as a waste.  Service was very good, so thanks for that!
3	Pretty standard. Not bad. Not remarkable. Great service though. I did have a Monkey Roll and was pretty impressed.  It had mango on it and a tangy sauce on the side.  Pretty much unlike any sushi I've had before. So they get points for originality there. But what's odd is they were charging $4 for a small bowl of miso.
1	No stars actually.  We get to Ra to check out the happy hour and waited at the front for a while to get seated.  Then I said to my husband "it's happy hour, we should just go to the bar area" so we did, found a small table with nothing on it.  Sat down - I was sort of annoyed that there was no hostess.  15 mins later a server comes over and asks if we were seated by the hostess - we said no and that we waited at the front for a while then decided to just sit down, and she said it wasn't a problem, she would get us menus and would be over in a min to get our order.  Sweet we think. Next the bitch of a hostess comes over with her stank attitude and literally threw my menu at me, to the point where my water almost knocked over, didn't apologize and barked at us "you're not supposed to sit yourselves down, you're supposed to wait for me to seat you."  Do I look like I cared?  Come on, you work at a sushi place in the mall, not some 5-star Gary Denko joint.  Get over yourself. I was really annoyed.  Thank god our waitress was helpful and really nice, we left her a fat tip, hopefully she got it.I don't think I'll ever be back.
1	I had forgotten, I hate this place. The sushi is just so average. Everything about this place is average. To many other amazing places to waste time with this one. I'd eat next door at Strip Burger or Cafe Ba Ba Re any day.
4	We came during Happy Hour, and it was the cheapest meal we had in Vegas. I had the Viva Las Vegas Roll, and was stuffed. That thing is heavy duty.Boyfriend had the crispy tuna roll and the spicy yellowtail roll. That crispy tuna roll is amazing. It was my favorite. The spicy yellowtail...good, but not spicy at all. We also had the pineapple cream cheese wontons, and they were gross. But our waitress took them off the bill immediately when we handed back the plate with all but one wonton. Of course this place isn't traditional, just take a look at it! But it was fun, cheap, yummy and made for great people watching.
2	Despite having an amazing time with great people, the food here especially the sushi rolls were passable and small.  My friend ordered a steak and rice dish and there were barely any steak in there.  Right William?The drinks are cheap and I hear the happy hour is pretty decent.  Unfortunately I missed the happy hour.The staff was very accommodating, but it did seem like that would change from day to day depending on mood.Would not come here again.  Also parking is horrendous, so if you are planning to come here, you might consider taking a cab.
4	It doesn't get much better than $15 each (including a 20% tip) for 5 cheap women! We ate tapas style...several appetizers and sushi's...and were happy with everything we ordered. Portions were on the smaller side (except for the tempura), so we ended up getting an add'l item, but everything was tasty. Service was good. The place definitely feels a tad chainy, but I'd go back...
4	Come ONLY during Happy Hour: 3-7 PM if you want the best deal on sushi and appetizers.My personal favourites: Viva Las Vegas Roll, Crispy Soft Shell Crab, Lobster Spring Rolls, and of course the Miso Soup.Appetizers are 1/2 off during happy hour and decreased prices on sushi. You can't get a better deal than this on the Las Vegas strip! The restaurant itself has a great modern ambiance. During my early college years, this was the spot on Sunday nights with a DJ by the bar.Fun place to eat and hang with your friends! I rated it a 4. It would've been a 5 if regular prices would be a little cheaper.Love the RA!
2	This is a place you come when you don't know better. Swung by with some friends for happy hour. Fun atmosphere, lively located outside of Fashion Show Mall, but the food is just ok. I would stop here if I'm hungry with no other options. But if you don't know the difference between good sushi and bad you may have a different opinion.
1	This was the only shitty part of my otherwise excellent trip to Vegas. It was a rather cold night, and there was close to a 45 minute wait for a table inside, so my friend and I elected to sit outside on the heated patio.It took 20 minutes (no exaggerating) before someone even came and took our order. She apologized and said the waiters were getting slammed and she came over to help out (we later found out that she was the bartender, and when she saw us not getting served, came out). She was the one bright spot in this shitty shitty experience.Our actual waiter came out 5 minutes later (25 minutes on the game clock for those following) to take our order. Too late, buddy! A third waiter then brought us water.Another 20 minutes went by (45 minutes now) and all of my sushi had come out, but my friend's chicken teriyaki hadn't arrived yet. I flagged down the lazy waiter and rather sternly asked him to track the dish down. It came out another 10 minutes later (55 min) without so much as an apology. The menu itself has more rolls with cream cheese on it than any self-respecting sushi place would allow. I got two of the few that didn't and a couple pieces of nigiri, totaling about $40. I ate $40 worth of grocery store grade sushi. And not a good, Asian grocery store, I'm talking about sushi from Ralph's or Safeway. It was terrible.We ended up not tipping the rest of the wait staff at all for their shitty service, but gave the bartender a fat wad of cash and told her not to share.
3	This is definitely a place you go to when you're short on cash, craving for sushi, want to meet up with some friends, and not expecting too much in regards to quality or service.  It's a pretty trendy place with a dj and cool atmosphere during happy hour on Sunday nights.  But if you're looking for good, quality sushi I would not recommend this place.  If you're looking to just satisfy a sushi craving for low bucks during happy hour, this place is for you!  Great place for people-watching and the drinks are pretty good.  Oh, and if it's your birthday, they'll bring you a tempura ice cream dish for free..enough for 4 or more! :)
4	Yeah, it is a national chain sushi restaurant, but each location I have been to around the country delivers on atmosphere, presentation/selection and taste! We ordered a bit of everything which is always the case, like a self-proclaimed tasting menu. Starters: the Kimchi salads. The spicy pickled cabbage was sweet, crisp, light, and refreshing - the perfect appetizer. Of the variety of sushi on the table, the hands-down favorite were the hand rolled scallops. These are rich, sweet and more filling. One was fine with everything else we had going on at the table. We ate earlier than usual (7:00pm) and had no problems making a reservation earlier that day. Great crowd. Short cab ride from our hotel. Nice experience.
2	The atmosphere in this place is really fun and trendy.  Excellent lighting and decor.  Now...let's talk about the food.  If you are looking for an "authentic" Japanese restaurant, this ain't it.  This is more of a Japanese fusion type place, if you're into that.  Unfortunately, I am not.  I like my sushi to be authentic and traditional, not cream cheese mixed with fish.  I also ordered Chicken Terriyaki.  Presentation was beautiful, but my chicken was bland and dry.  Seriously, if you own a Japanese restaurant and you can't make decent Chicken Terriyaki, you should be shot.  This place is not cheap either.  So be prepared to spend a good chunk of change on lousy sushi.  To end on a positive note, the house sake was pretty good.
2	Not your traditional sushi place. If you're coming here specifically for sushi, try your luck somewhere else, but if you're looking for a good ambiance and place to converse, then this is the place. We came here during happy hour, which was half off everything on their select menu, a really good deal! I don't think I'd ever come here during regular hours because it wouldn't be worth it.The atmosphere was very cool and trendy with lots of dark red lighting and very hip and set a chill mood. I'm sure the reason why the place is covered in red lighting is because if it wasn't the place wouldn't look that great at all. We took a lot of pictures at this place and with the flash the place looked very boring and dull. Besides that, the ambiance was the best part about this place.My boyfriend and I ordered everything on the happy hour menu, with an exception of a few items (yes, we were extremely hungry). We spent about $65 which would've been like $130 bucks! Such a good deal!I didn't really care for the sushi at all. I think I only ate like 4 pieces out of the 3 rolls that we got, I pretty much just stuck to the appetizers. The calamari was really good and huge! The tofu was really good as well, especially when soaked in the sauce it came with. I didn't really care for the egg rolls. None of the other stuff we ordered was memorable at all, so I can't really comment on them. My boyfriend ordered a mango margarita and it was pretty tastey. Besides the food, I think the service was mediocre. Our nice waiter balanced out the hostile/unwelcoming attitude of the hostess. I really think all the hosts/hostesses didn't show a sign of friendliness at all. Never said a word, didn't seem to want to seat us and NEVER smiled. Not a very good look, considering they're the face of the restaurant. The waiter we had was really nice, but it seemed like our service ended after we got all our food. We had lots of empty plates that were never picked up, we even started to stack them. They never picked them up until they gave us the bill.All in all this place was mediocre. Don't come here for sushi or food, just come here for the atmosphere and probably drinks, if anything. I don't think I'll be coming back here. Nothing about it makes me want to come back.
5	Happy Hour is great 1/2 off of appetizers and rolls.  Had lunch here the other day, sat at the Sushi Bar and Moon the sushi chef was really cool.  Made great sushi and great recommendations.  He warned me about certain things not having real crab meat and that was great.  I prefer real crab meat on certain things.  The Vegas Roll and Hamachi was Excellent, the amaebi was very fresh.  Can't go wrong with Ra Sushi.  The service is great and has a great view of the strip if you sit outside.
2	This was a first stop on our recent trip to Vegas.  We wanted to eat Japanese food so we gave this place a try.It has nice ambiance and decor.  And this isn't a typical Japanese restaurant.  It's more modern.The sushi was not fresh.  And it took a long time for the sushi to come out to our table.  The 2 bento boxes we ordered were just ok.  Nothing special about them at all.  And everything is priced above what you would normally pay for sushi or bento boxes.  We're definitely not going to be return customers.
3	We actually barely ate while we were at RA. We went for a SpyOnVegas event for unlimited Sapporo from 6-9 pm. Well they ran out of Sapporo at 8 but that didn't matter because we were already tipsy from slamming Sapporos. There were 7 of us and we decided to get a table to do a little more drinking and eating. I stuck to sake and Sapporo but from the looks of everyone's food and smiling faces, I took it that they were happy. We were being loud and obnoxious and our waitress looked a little irked at first but then became really nice after a little while. She probably realized that the more drinking we did equaled a bigger bill which in turn equaled a bigger tip for her.I'd go back to try the food so I can post a proper review of the food next time :)
3	Decent food, but a bit on the pricey side with smallish portions.  I guess happy hour would make this place worth the trip.  Its also in the mall.Really loud on a Saturday with people doing Sake bombs and blasting dance music.Coming from LA its sort of surprising not to see decent Sushi joints in every stripmall, but hey different strokes, I guess.
2	Ra isn't the biz. Everything is all hyped up and overdone. And nothing stands to par. We had a couple of the items in the happy hour special. I'm glad they were half price cause had I had to pay full price for any of it I would've been maaad. I eat a lot of sushi, maybe I should start writting more reviews because all the places I've been to deserve way more cred than this place is getting. The portions were small, the service was bad. I asked for things like three times, cups for the beer, they gave us two cups for the sake when we clearly had a party of three, sauces were missing, etc. Our waiter seemed to be occupied with a thousand things at once and every time we waved him down he'd give us like half a glance. Yeah I wish I could say the sake special made it all worth it but that would be a lie as well. The sake container was so tiny it gave us roughly two full cups per serving at $2 a pop. Not a great value. It was passable food, but with the portion sizes and the bad service I'd advice anyone to skip Ra and hit up the Mikey D's down the block 50 piece McNugget for 10 dorrah say whaaaa...
4	Im giving RA Sushi's happy hour 4 stars based on price.  The price of sushi was really really good.  I believe $3.25 for a few rolls we got.  Now, on a regular price menu, I would be erked to pay 6.50.  The rolls were really LOOSE! Everytime I used my chop sticks to pick them up, I about squeezed all the way through the roll.  Although the rolls did have a good taste, and they were fresh (what i mean by that is they're cool, not warm or room temp). The atmosphere is great, as well as the ambiance.If you want some cheap sushi this is definitely the spot, just do the happy hour before you decide on doing dinner to see if it meets your standards.  I would be ticked to get that sushi at full price
5	BEST happy hour in vegas and amazing $1 sake i go quite often
5	If you've ever planned a bachelorette party for a large group of girls, you'll know that it's not a simple or easy feat.  I had the honor of throwing one for my best friend this weekend and Ra was a large part of why it was successful.  if you've never heard of it, they have this thing called "Fling Before the Ring" where you can do a pre-fixe menu with appetizers, sushi, dessert, and one cocktail.  It is the perfect amount of food, the perfect price, and the service is impeccable.  Although I was too intoxicated to remember everything about the meal, I do remember the cream cheese egg rolls and they are to die for.  Our server was equally awesome, she was really helpful when I knocked my bright red drink all over my bright yellow shirt.
3	Had the happy hour sushi specials, but the roll selections were so-so, most of them were filled with cream cheese or mayonnaise. The nigiri sushi was better, but not the best I've had. It is a decent place for a quick bite though, just don't expect the most authentic or highest quality.
5	visitng from san Jose, I was looking for a good Sushi spot. My best friend who lives in LV suggested this spot. OMG!! it was awesome! Lobster rolls, viva las vegas and spicy califonia oh my!! :D Delicious!! Not to mention have price. The Dj was good and played good music. On my next visit I will definately be hitting up this spot :D
5	Found this place from Yelp! Mommy and I vacationed in Vegas over Spring Break and came here for dinner one night. It was pretty late, like almost 11 pm probably, but there were a few people inside and a dj. I'm not familiar with sushi...AT ALL, since I don't eat meat that often, but I think my mom ordered sashimi and she LOVED it. Anyways, we also ordered this appetizer which I cant seem to remember, but I want to say it was some sort of...well I dont know what they're called, like a crispy wonton thing. It was good nonetheless, but for some reason I dont remember what it was haha. Since I'm not a big fan of sushi, I decided to be American and order this noodle dish haha it was really gooood! Large portion too and we also ordered a chicken salad which was delicious and huge, as well. I took my noodle dish back to the hotel and stuck it in the mini fridge, it was so good, but the next day when we left Vegas, I forgot about it and left it there! :(However, I just realized there is one back home in Califrnia right next to my house wow! I do not have any complaints about this place. Oh our waitress was also really nice and very attentive.
5	For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.RA feels more like a fusion restaurant than anything traditional. In addition to sushi that most people are familiar with, RA also adds twists to many of their rolls. Their famous Viva Las Vegas Roll is great, plated very well, and is part of the Happy Hour menu! The menu is quite unique, and you will not be able to find most of the items on their menu anywhere else (sans the traditional rolls).Happy Hour is half off select appetizers and rolls, while certain drinks are marked at a set lower price. This is one of the best selling points, but I noticed that it is also one of their caveats. While I was not disappointed during regular hours, I ordered the same roll during Happy Hour, and the roll just didn't seem up to par as during regular hours. I guess they have to meet up with increased demand? Regardless, this doesn't bother me, as the quality is still far above anything else I have tried.Food: Best place to get sushi on the StripDrinks: Plentiful, even better during Happy HourService: GreatIf it's busy, you can always walk around the shopping center to kill time. You can't lose by going to RA!
5	RA sushi- if you didn't no then NOW its time to know. RA sushi go on sunday happy hour nights drinks are cheap, sushi is 50 percent off and appetizers are 50 percent i think. Great deal on sunday and the food is hellla good. My friends and I love this place because they REALLY play FRESH beats and sounds (hip hop and rnb). You can come here get a sake for a dollar and a huge beer for 5 dollars get your drink on and lose yourself to the fresh music this place provides. RA is very hip with a young urban crowd but the place is nice. The Las Vegas roll is superb and only was about 6-7 bucks with the happy hour discount. I love this place for the sunday deal + fresh urban sounds that are not on the radio yet but will come on soon + crowd = my kind of place.
5	As a vegas native, RA Sushi is a staple for my friends and I.  We have been going here for years because of their awesome decor, food, bar, and music (they have a dj on some nights).  When living in vegas we seriously went at least once a week.  Some of the sushi here is unlike any you get anywhere else.  Like some mentioned, quite a few have cream cheese in them and I have came to love it, while others are as traditional as it gets.  I always suggest this place to any friends that are going to vegas for the weekend and if you are a hip adult you should really like it.*Try the Vegas Roll
2	RA sushi is only great when you want to see drunk tourists do body shots off each other and then proceed to high-five one another. Then stumble out of the restaurant hilariously. Unlike a lot other Yelpers, I didn't find their food that great. I think RA uses dim red lighting and Britney Spears remixes as a distraction for their food. Wait time was unnecessarily long. One of the hostess was clad in sweat pants and tee. I'm all for casual, but girl was straight up homebody status, foreals. Their lobster roll was laced with lots of lettuce leaves. Lobster was almost non-existent. Chicken wings were meh. Overall, the food was alright but it was overpriced. Beer and cocktails were fine. Food service was fine and efficient.  I tell you what, there are better places to get your sushi in Vegas. Like Sushi-Mon, Sushi Wa, Spicy Tuna, or Shuseki (Chinatown).
4	This place deserves some major props for being one of few great happy hour joints, serving up drinks and appetizers that are actually affordable on the strip! The food is decent, the prices are good, and it's a nice change of pace from the usual pregaming at the buffets or pregaming at the hotels. Make sure you come early to avoid long waits. And for something different from your half yard, try the fish bowl and I guarantee you a good time.
3	Came here for my belated birthday celebration in our bar-hopping night on and off the Strip. My friends have been raving about their happy hour which inspired me to check out Ra. Happy hour ends at 7 pm and we arrived about 10-15 minutes before that. I wanted a table but the place was full, so we sat at the bar- our fault for getting there late on a Saturday, I know. The bartenders were nice and even though we barely got there in time and probably ordered just as happy hour was ending, they didn't make a fuss about it and we still got the hh prices. Also I got a complimentary birthday drink. I really can't remember what it was (I am a hard alcohol and mixed drinks noob) but it was so good. It was supposed to be a birthday shot but they gave me just about 1/3 of a glass, so there's customer appreciation right there.The happy hour menu has a small but ok selection for drinks, but is definitely limited for sushi. I ordered some half price sushi as well as full price. I've been enjoying sushi for a long time and while not an expert, I think I know good sushi. The quality of the sushi itself is mediocre. It's not a health hazard but the rolls did fall apart a handful of times and were definitely in the bottom half of what I've tasted. It was not bad but just ok. Their sushi is way overpriced especially for what is it (poorly constructed with small cuts) so I would not come here to get full on sushi, but just for a snack or small meal during hh. I'm usually not a big fan of the California roll but it was good here, despite the small portions. My drink was some kind of tropical punch with tequila (sorry, I said I really am a noob) and it was very good. I felt the $5 it cost was not robbery. To add, the time it took for our rolls to come was very appropriate considering they seemed pretty busy.For a drink, a free drink and small meal (I think 3 rolls) I spent $19 including tip which is nothing to complain about. Luckily I was not that hungry that their small portions could really bother me, but I had a good experience there with my friends and liked the set up of the bar and especially the good service. Not-bad-but-not-great sushi and high prices will limit my appearances here but it's a good place to snack and hang out with people. I look forward to getting to know their happy hour menu.
4	Great happy hour!!Made a point to stop by here on our 4 night trip last weekend.  Our other friend had heard about it too so we all went in a big group.  The guys loved the sake bombs and all the appetizers & rolls were yummy.  Good spot for good food & yummy drinks for a good price.  Would definitely go back there again on our next trip.
5	This ended up being a perfect find for our bachelor party of 17 buddies. We even ended up right next to a bachelorette with just as many. Pretty fun. The food was awesome. More creative rolls and sushi than I have seen in a long time. Super tasty. I got a spicy chirashi bowl too which nailed it. We drowned ourselves in sake and beer. So much so that we all just about had our own bottle to hit the strip with. And the best part...The meal cost us $32 each. We were more than full and plenty liquored up by the end. No group of 17 dudes can get out of a meal for that type of price. Especially raw fish!Dive in.
4	The only reason I am not giving this place five stars is because the service could of been better and I know there are a lot more upscale sushi joints in Vegas, but this place was EXCELLENT! My buddies and I didn't care about going out for an expensive sushi dinner but our hotel concierge recommended that we go to RA for the value. It was a good recommendation because the food was awesome and more than half the things we ordered ended up being discounted because of happy hour to our surprise.
4	When I'm in Vegas, I love to hit up RA. I do admit that their food is only mediocre but the prices are right. And for Vegas, I'll take it! They have good deals on both food and drinks. Half off appetizers and select sushi and rolls. I usually stick to their appetizers because their sushi isn't all that great. The Viva Las Vegas Roll is good but everything else is very forgettable. Sake for $2 and well drinks are $4. Grilled short ribs are great! I always want to get two orders when I go because their filling and for about $3, I'm very satisfied. Their shrimp tempura can sometimes be limp, but I don't mind too much. Happy hour is from 3-7 and if you're really curious about their menu check out their website.
3	Friend and I were shopping at Fashion Show and were looking for a place to grab some food.  We stumbled into RA and realized it was happy hour (3-7pm).  Prices for drinks (sake, beer, well drinks) and appetizers are probably one of the best deals in town.  And the staff was friendly and very accommodating of my tiny tot and big fat stroller.  No snootiness here.  It was a pleasant surprise.  Wish I could say the same for the food.  The rolls are puny and poorly made.  The scallop dynamite was more onions than anything else.  Lobster spring roll had too much cream cheese and not enough anything else.  Despite all my complaints about the food, would I go back?  Possibly.  It's convenient and prices aren't bad...
4	The lunch specials here are tremendous.  I had a salmon bowl full of delicious fish that came with miso soup and only cost $8.50.  I can't emphasize how much salmon was in this bowl.  My wife had a delicious shrimp tempura bento box for the same amount.  The dinner prices were certainly higher, but for lunch (11-3) this place is a great choice.
2	I've heard of the Ra restaurants in Cali, but figured since we were in Vegas we should try it out. I mean the restaurants are supposed to considered even better out here right??Um no. I was seriously disappointed, the sushi was nothing special. And to top it off, my group couldn't talk. There were six of us, and we could not hear each other because the music was SO LOUD! I mean eating in silence is one thing, but silence surrounded by earblowing music is a whole other awkward ordeal.
4	Ra Sushi is a good restaurant for people that don't love sushi. I love sushi, but my husband won't eat it. Ra Sushi is one of the few places I can talk him into going to because they have dishes that he will actually enjoy, not just tolerate so that I can gorge on some raw fish...Usually when I go to Ra it is for lunch. I usually get the sashimi combo for $11... it is 4 pieces each of tuna, salmon and yellowtail and comes with a bowl of rice and miso soup. He always gets the chicken bento box for $8... it comes with miso soup, rice, salad, gyoza and a spring roll. $20 and we both leave full and happy... I had dinner with Dawn C. last night at Ra Sushi, we had: Pineapple Cheese Wontons - In a word, amazing. Grilled Short Ribs - Tasty but I thought they a bit skimpy on the meat, however they are served with wasabi mashed potatoes, very tastySeared Tuna - Served with a tasty soy based sauceViva Las Vegas Roll - One of the specialties at Ra No drinks, and the total was just under $40. Not bad for a dinner on the Strip. Ra is beautifully decorated and service is usually good, although like most places the busier it gets the slower service becomes. When I come in at lunch, I rarely have to wait very long for service, which I appreciate. They certainly seem a bit slower in the evenings.
4	Nice elegant place. They make it pretty dark inside like a lounge. They have DJs also. Happy hour is good. $1 sakes! Sushi is good, some other plates they have aren't as great. Still a good deal
4	Stopped here with Jessie B for a quick bite while shopping. We were seated right away but waiter was slow even tho place was pretty empty.We had pineapple cheese wontons...they come with the best dip. Its super fruity and sweet. Also had short ribs..tasty but TINY! But the wasabi  potatoes were nice that came with it. Seared tuna was perfect. And the Viva Las Vegas roll was melt in your mouth yummy!!So all and all a pretty good visit..and of course I will come back!
2	Overrated is probably the best way to rate this place. Any sushi place that requires a "sushi 101" menu is not worth going to IMO. My sister and I can typically get three rolls and get full before we can finish. The rolls here were WAY over priced and very small. They weren't interesting or even really delicious. They were all sort of bland. We had a Rainbow, Dragon and some shrimp thing that I didn't even taste the shrimp in. It ended up costing us $20 a person and we left totally unsatisfied. There has to be better and more reasonably priced sushi on the strip!
5	i love this place!! i went to vegas in the beginning of the month for a summer trip. i wanted to go to a new place with a view for my anniversary dinner but instead we went to eat sushi, which is my favorite. :) so i found this place and it was a decent price. the atmosphere is nice and there were a lot of ppl enjoying themselves. it was pretty dark in there but it wasnt a problem. the food was incredible. they have the softest salmon and hamachi ever!! we ordered a lot of dishes but my favorite was the viva las vegas roll. it was deeeelicious!! i will most def go back to this place next year. :)
2	Slow service, food subpar, friendly staff though and great location if you're outdoors and watch the choice boys and girls walk by on the strip. There is a fairly diverse menu though, it's not just sushi ^..^Transfriendly- yea def, you'll be ok. they thrive on tourists so all types of folk.
3	This is one of times I wish i read reviews. The service was terrible. ANd here's why. We got a long with our server and he was attentive at first, but when I still didn't get my seared Tuna he disappeared. Finally flagged down management who said they were gonna check on it. I hate complaining, i just wanted food. When I got it, they told me it was comp'd. :) So I ordered a plethora of Sake and my night, was instantly better ( the hot sake was 2 dollars but man, you don't get much for it)The place is sexy no doubt. I just wished I didn't have to watch everyone else get their food before me, even though I had been there longer. :(
3	Eh, it's okay. Wanted to grab some dinner before heading out into the night scene. They have a variety of rolls as well as other japanese inspired dishes. Our table decided to get mostly sushi rolls.I got some hamachi and the gojira roll. Hamachi was cut pretty thin and was just okay.  Gojira roll was good and came with like a spicy mayo and sriracha sauce on the side. Gave it a good kick. One of my buddies got like some lobster roll and I couldn't quite put my finger on it but it didn't taste right. There was a really odd aftertaste that was unpleasant. My buddies were trying to get everyone to try a piece just so they could get rid of it. Ended up not finishing those rolls. Everything was just pretty mediocre and the rolls aren't that big.
2	For those who understand some Japanese, "RA" is also spelled in hiragana to sound like "raw," which is a somewhat clever name for a sushi restaurant.Too bad this place is more like "ME," as in "meh." (sorry, apparently the hiragana can't show up on yelp).The decor is nice and fancy, but there's an obsession with the color red once you step inside that is really overbearing. The lights are so red it puts such a strain on your eyes that it was painful just to read the menu. Seriously, I felt like I was trapped inside a Nintendo Virtual Boy machine or something. And when the food came out, it didn't even look that appetizing because you can't even tell what you're eating unless you take a picture with flash - then you can appreciate the colors and effort they put into the food's presentation.I ordered the Viva Las Vegas Roll and Crazy Monkey Roll. The VLV was primarily a crab & cream cheese concoction, with a nice fried lotus root which added a nice crunch. This was good, but after a few pieces, you kind of lose track of the flavor of the seafood which gets overtaken by the other ingredients (a common trait in Americanized sushi). The Crazy Monkey Roll was sweet with the teriyaki sauce glaze and cashews - the sweet and shiny look made it seem like fish baklava. Kinda good, but strangely gross too if you think about it. As for my friends, most had worse luck. Two ordered the same Lobster Shrimp Roll, but one got the short stick as his lobster tasted off ~ it seemed old. Yuck.As for the service, it was a mixed bag. Attentive waiters readily refreshing my glass, but the chefs were slow: my CMR came almost 20 minutes after I received my VLV.Overall, if you like Americanized sushi and a flashy modern settings, then RA might be the place for you. But if you like your eyeballs and actually want to taste your seafood in your sushi, you probably have much better options elsewhere in Vegas for your sushi fix.
5	Definitely a can't miss for happy hour! 1/2 price appetizers and sushi, such a good deal (especially for the Strip). The best part is, the "1/2 price" food isn't something lame like "just" edamame or "california rolls." You can actually order ALL the menu appetizers, but pay 1/2 the price! The food quality is great! I've eaten here numerous times for happy hour and been totally happy (quality wasn't definitely not cut in half). Love being able to sit in the restaurant and order happy hour and not be stuck in the bar (shoot out to that)! Check it out if you're on the Strip (the vibe is cool at night as well as during the day).
3	Like several others have said, Ra is the Sushi Bar for people who don't love(or even like) Sushi.I had their Spicy Yellowtail roll which was indeed very good, but compared to many other Sushi places a bit expensive. The atmosphere is overly trendy with music so loud you can barely even have a conversation. I also found the photo lab lighting to be kind of creepy. Why in the world would you use that type of lighting for a restaurant? Also, although I did like what I had, there are many neighborhood/off-the-radar sushi places which are of far better quality. The Sushi at Ra is really nothing special. The happy hour deal is pretty good though, so look into that if you want to get a little more for your money.
2	I should of checked out their B rating before walking into this sushi place. First of all, the service was bad. The place was near empty. We each ordered a roll and such.Took awhile to bring out the water. Took awhile to bring the beer.[surprisingly cheap...$5 for asahi...not bad: they also have asahi light for $5. And an asahi + sake for 6.50 light and regular]All of a sudden my sisters bf gets his food[scallop dynamite roll: Amazing. So much flavor] .....20 minutes later my little brother gets his plate [chicken yakisoba: pretty tasty good portion to share...but the little bro is greedy and ate the entire plate].Almost an hour after they both get their food....My sister and I get our sushi roll. By that time we were over the entire experience. We had the "viva las vegas roll": we had had this before and.....this time it tasted horrible. We also had some "crispy spicy tuna" something that tasted like a rice crispy with tuna [gross]. The waitress was treating others much better than us. Racist? HA.Sexist? HA! Jk...       Who knows. Maybe she was taught backwards. Aren't women supposed to be first? Well Missy....get some manners.. If you are working in the field of "serving me..." get educated... Some people really should apply at a prison or something. I do not like attitudes. So... yes... Smile and serve me. I'm paying to eat. That includes good service. Thanks to you...I am not coming back.
2	I was tempted to give it 3 stars, but really....why?  I had been here once before and remembered it was ok -- I'd had some fancy pants roll then.  I returned and sought them out for the Happy Hour, and yes -- the prices were pretty good and I may even go back.  I started with tuna nigiri, to test the waters and see how the fish tasted.  It was edible but not great quality so I decided to try some other stuff.  Got some roll called tootsy something that had crab, shrimp, that kind of thing -- it was way too sweet -- I guess the crunchies and the eel sauce were too much for me.  The scallop/mushroom dish was frickin' tasty though, and if I go back for their happy hour I'm totally getting 2 of those and hitting the sake again.
1	Mediocre to almost not worth it sushi, service was the slowest in the world. Rolls were of same caliber I can find at qfc or central market (local grocery stores with sushi islands)...horrible service on top of that....SLOW!
2	It's really pretty inside, but the service and food were just okay.The portions were tiny and it wasn't anything special, and it was expensive!  I suppose you pay more because it's kinda fancy inside, but still..I ordered a bento box & there was barely any teriyaki chicken!  And it came with ONE gyoza & ONE egg roll.  My friends ordered sushi, and they didn't get their food until at least 15 minutes after I did.  They were kind and took one dish off the bill because of our long wait, but overall it wasn't the greatest dining experience.  My friends said the sushi was okay, but they've had better, and so have I.
3	RA's Happy Hour is the best thing about the sushi restaurant... Their Vegas Roll is to die for, but their non-happy hour prices are very expensive. This is not the greatest sushi restaurant in Vegas, but not bad for the Strip. The decor is nice and their service can really be hit or miss.
4	Happy hour is great and the bartenders rock!! If you're going, find a seat at the bar...best service and a view of the passer-bys on the strip makes for good people watching.
3	I tried like 5 different appetizers, and four rolls. Nothing really worth mentioning. Appetizers are pretty cheap for the happy hour price, but I probably won't go back. If you tried the rolls, you would know this place is not authentic Japanese. The reason that I gave them a three star was because their drinks are good and decent price for happy hour. I still love yard house the most for happy hour.
4	Was caving sushi on the last night of my Vegas weekend. Me and my girlfriend weren't looking to break the bank to fill our cravings. Got on Yelp and found this cool spot. The Sunday menu is very well priced because there are about 20 items that are half off only on Sundays. Got plenty of sushi for a very reasonable price. The fish was extremely fresh and just melted in your mouth. The downsides though; The restaurant, like most of Vegas, had a sort of club like feel to it where as the music was very loud for such a small place. Also, the service is a little slow, it seemed like they were understaffed the night I went. The food is worth the wait if you can get past the club like beats playing throughout the dining room.
3	It's alright for my lunch break if it lands during the happy hour.  The atmosphere is nice.  I've yet to be amazed there yet and there is much better sushi joints in Vegas.
4	The Best Happy Hour on the face of planet! Seriously, they don't skimp at all when it comes to happy hour!! So many good appetizers and sushi rolls at half price! Large Kirin @$5/bottle! My mom and I were in Vegas and we were craving sushi. I had heard about their HH before, so I suggested we go there. We got a TON of food and booze, and it was around $80. What a deal on the Strip!!! I'm sick of hearing people complaining about sushi not being authentic enough at those American sushi places. I mean, what the hell do you expect??? Take a look at the menu before you go, and if all you see is Viva Las Vegas roll, Gojira roll, and Crazy monkey roll, do you really think they'd be serving you authentic Japanese sushi?? Come on... seriously. I don't think it's fair to rate a place unfavorably because of unreasonable expectations!My favorites were Tootsy maki and Crispy spicy tuna. I also liked RAckin' shrimp. Crab cakes were a little too greasy. Spicy miso soup was actually pretty spicy, so if you don't like spicy food, don't get it. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. I think the food came out pretty fast, even though it was pretty crowded. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!!
2	Crappy sushi, and our server was overwhelmed and took way too long to get our drinks, miso soup, and edamame.  (10 minutes for the drinks, then another 10 for the soup, then another 5 minutes for the edamame).Plus, the ambiance inside was awful-  the red lights are retarded, seriously, get some new lighting.  The loud club music was pretty annoying as well.If you have any taste for sushi, you're not going to find it for a good price in Vegas.  Either don't go out, or go to a $$$$.  This place is for middle-American tourists and high school kids.-Oh, the worst hot sake I've ever ingested.
4	One of many trips to RA Sushi but a first in Las Vegas. Was pleasantly surprised that RA was right across from where we were staying at the Palazzo. Came here during happy hour with my best friend and her mom who is Korean and is very picky about her sushi. We had the gyoza, spicy chicken wings, edemame, the Viva Las Vegas roll and more i just don't remember cause I was already drunk and then we ordered large beers with hot sake. I was DONE-ZO. I love RA and this particular location is one of the best next to downtown San Diego. I will keep coming back to you RA. Muah.
4	WONDERFUL. Def go during happy hour....We had Salmon Carpaccio, Crab cakes, Tempura Calamari, and Yellowtail Nigiri....bill was cheap! They also have a very extensive menu and great service..Only complaint is the mall music outside makes it hard to hear each other.
4	Great happy hour, order the Viva Las Vegas Rolls. Sunday nights they have a dj, great entertainment.
4	My friends and I needed a quick place to eat. We decided to eat at RA because it was right across the street from our hotel. It was almost 3PM. Perfect because Happy Hour was from 3-7.The drink and sushi specials were relatively under $10 each. I ordered the spicy yellowtail roll and deep fried spicy tuna appetizer. $5 each! I also ordered the salmon nigiri for $2.75. Soo GOOD. Mmm. Drink wise, I got the white wine sake! It was a little on the sour side but it was tolerable.I liked everything except the rude girl at the front who seated us to our table. Asian girl with the long hair, I SEE YOU.
2	(+)-chicken katsu bento box was alright(-)-crappy waitress-sauce for chicken katsuRandomly decided to eat here while we were at the mall. Got here at just the right time to catch the end of lunch priced bento boxes and the beginning of happy hour deals. The waitress took forever to come and take our orders and the food took forever to come out even though it didnt seem all that busy. Not only that, she forgot to put in my friends soda order and then forgot to put in her sushi order. say bye bye to your tip lady!I got the chicken katsu bento box which didn't look like much, chicken katsu seemed lacking but it definitely filled me up. Everything was acceptable except for the sauce that came with it in a separate little dish which I really disliked and didn't use at all.Mediocre experience, service really turned me off. They do have some good happy hour deals that Id wanna come back and check out but 2 stars for this particular experience.
3	I've been here a bunch of times for their happy hour sushi and appetizer menu! It's a very cool environment inside, the restrooms are cool but a little dark inside, and the little round lamps make it very aesthetically pleasing. The service is pretty quick and not the kind of bothersome service. It's a sign of attentiveness and great service in my book!The Happy Hour menu-- 3/53 stars for what it is! It's good but not super memorable. It's the kind of food that you eat to sustain life but with a hint to enjoy it's texture. I will mention that the Las Vegas Roll is very good! The calamari is really good as well. The others are just semi-noteworthy and I'll let you be the judge of them :)Service/Waiting-- 3/5There is hardly a wait for happy hour which is always a plus! You can basically walk off the street and ask the hostess for a table. Ask for the patio if the weather is fair and enjoy people watching coming from the Wynn of shopping at the Fashion Show Mall. The waitresses has always been on point each time I've gone there. They seem to remember us each time we've gone there and that's always a "+" in my book.Overall experiences there has been pretty average and has yet to impress the regulars going there. I hear they have cool Sunday night happy hours but I guess I'll have to go and try to find out.
2	Stopped by for a quick lunch and ordered a few things on a late afternoon.  It's really dark in this restaurant and has too much red lighting.  Kind of tacky to me.  The set up is kind of odd too, I thought it was weird how the bar was sorta isolated from the restaurant, but i suppose it would be nice to sit at on a sunny day when people are dining in their outside patio.  Anyway, my BF and I were seated promptly along side a somewhat booth area on the other side of the sushi bar, right behind the bar.  The hostess was pretty nice; she told us we were able to sit wherever we liked- i'm a big fan of this option.Their happy hour just started when we got there (4pm) so we ordered a few things on there.  $2 edemame was fine- not something you can easily mess up.  We also got a spicy yellowtail cut roll- this was alright; it wasn't bad or good- and some nigiri pieces.  From the regular menu we ordered salmon sashimi and some type of yellowtail dish served on a ginger/ponzu sauce or something like that.  The nigiri seriously looked like it was made by one of those buffet sushi machines and lacked any sushi chef skills whatsoever.  It also looked like it wasn't made to order.  My salmon sashimi was a horrible dish!!  I believe it was $9.50 for seven pieces of butchered ass cut sashimi.  OMG, the pieces were a sorry excuse for sashimi and I can't believed they served something like that.  Whoever cut them obviously lacked skill with the knife and is not a sushi chef.  I could've done a better job with a butter-knife.  Because of this horrible craftsmanship and  the not so fresh taste, i chose not to eat it and the waitress took it away.  The yellowtail dish was no different as far as cut was concerned, but it was masked by all the greens it was topped with.  The taste of the fish was edible, but i'm sure it  was because of the citrus sauce.Service was ok.  It was a rather slow afternoon and things were mellow.  I don't know how busy this place gets, as it was my first time, but since it was slow our server was pretty attentive and made some suggestions.  I don't know if I would come back here, especially with all the other options in Vegas.  The prices are not bad for a strip restaurant, but you can definitely go off strip and find better quality/priced Japanese joints.  Though, I feel like I should maybe give them one more chance because I didn't really order any of their specialty/original dishes.  If i do come back, i'm definitely not opting for their sushi.*Happy hour seems like it was a definite steal.  A lot of their appetizers, small plates, rolls, and nigiri were half price.  If you like to drink sake and martinis and such they have a pretty killer happy hour for that, too.  Cheers.
3	where can you go with 20+ppl at 3pm but do not want to spend too much as we are going to spend too much later on...RA Sushi for happy hour of course.we got there in perfect time as it was not busy and we were able to get a LONG table set up for all of us to sit.  Our poor waiter, i forgot his name, was running from one end to the other end taking orders.majority of the dishes came out to be about $5.  i think we did two to three orders of each items on the happy hour menu.  Drinks are about $5 and less.  we had sake flowing and everyone was full by the time we all left.as there were so many orders given at differnt times, some orders came out and some, we had to wait for some time.we also had to tell the waiter a few times about our drink orders as it did not come.  our waiter had a helper who brought us our food.  kinda bitchy as she just came out with food orders and not sure who ordered it.  AGAIN, we had a table of at least 20ppl, stop bringing the food to one area of ppl. service was OK.food was OK.price was awesome.$20pp and we rolled out of there all full - priceless.
5	Viva Las Vegas Roll (5 stars)Crispy Spicy Tuna RollChicken Wings (Of course)2 Sake5 Stars because this place is special to me :)
1	Decor: 5/5Drinks: 3.5/5Food: 1/5Service: -1/5Management: 4/5Never have I complained to a restaurant manager before, but the service my friends and I received here was so sub-par, we had to speak up.6 of us came here for a late lunch at the recommendation of a friend. It was our last day in Vegas, and we let our server know that we had to be at the airport in about 3 hours. She said it wasn't a problem. And then it all went downhill from there. How so?- despite telling her our time constraints, it took her over half an hour to come take our food orders (the restaurant was half full)- plus almost an hour and a half for our food to actually reach our table- everyone's food (w/ the exception of my friend who ordered sushi) was overcooked and oversalted and generally not enjoyableThe kicker:- she brought the wrong dish for one of my friends, yet wouldn't apologize or admit to her mistake!!!!! She didn't offer to make it right or anything. When we told her, she said "oh, okay" and walked away.Knowing how long our food took, we didn't have time to send the wrong dish back because we wouldn't get to the airport in time. So my friend just ended up eating whatever the server brought him.After bringing our food orders, this server avoided our table like the plague. We couldn't find her for drink refills or even the bill when we wanted to leave. I've never had such bad service in my life! Eventually, we had the hostess locate the manager for us so we could make an official complaint. He was apologetic and ended up comping our food for us, which was unexpected but kind of him. If only he had been more on top of his servers from the get go!Never again. There are too many other restaurants on the Strip to subject myself to this crappy level of service again.PS Julia S, I think we may have had the same server!
3	When I used to work at Fashion Show mall this was a fav of mine to grab some lunch because they had bento boxes for decent prices, especially for strip prices. I used to get the teriyaki chicken bento box. Their happy hour is also good considering again it is on the strip. Good prices for drinks and food, during happy hour!
4	note: this review is about the two times i've been in the last week. RA use to be a regular spot for me when i lived in LA. i use to work @ lazy dog cafe and we'd all go after our shift. happy hours are awesome!!!!visit #1: my boyfriends parents were in town for his graduation. they were staying a TI and were looking for somewhere close to grab lunch. we figured RA would be a great place to check out and they have pretty awesome lunch specials. we sat in the dining room and our server was awesome! i cant say that for the host, exactly, but our server was definitely amazing! (the bf's family is from hawaii and so is she, so they bonded fairly quickly). everyone ordered a bento, except for me (i ordered the bara chirashi bowl and his dad ordered the viva las vegas roll). food was delicious! the bowl was SO filling! hamachi, salmon and tuna sashimi, rice and avocado. i barely finished it! it was a perfect lunch - simple and satisfying.visit #2: his parents had us watch their suite while they were away, and we wanted to go somewhere we could walk to. so - RA happy hour it is! we ordered a tsunami punch (fish bowl was $13 and the baby tsunami punch was $6. we were gonna get 2 anyway, so we opted for the regular price fish bowl). we also ordered short ribs, wings, salmon carpaccio, edamame and seaweed salad. bill was about $40. our server at the bar was awesome as well (tracy). we needed a few boxes and still have quite a bit of our fishbowl left. i think she noticed we were full and the itis was about to kick in, and since its on the strip you're able to take your drink with you in a to-go cup (i had no idea that was possible! im so use to places saying no!). we left there full and completely satisfied.thanks RA sushi!!!definitely check out happy hour! quite a bit of tapas and rolls available on the menu, and some pretty awesome drink specials too! (pictures to come soon! and - i think i creeped out the guy who was sitting next to me. it was kinda dark in there, so every time i took a picture of my food, the bright flash from my blackberry went off. after we got our food, he switched to seat on the other side of the bar).
2	They're quite lucky to have such a great location, and I imagine that explains much of the crowd inside. The sushi was mediocre-ish to bad, and the service was seriously lacking. It's a shame, as it sort of ruined my birthday to eat there...
4	I only come here for happy hour--Love their happy hour food and prices... This was the first RA i went to before they opened up the SoCal locations.  You must try their "RA"ckin Shrimp, it is delicious!! I don't know if its new or if they only have this in Vegas..but it is definitely GOOD!!!!  Also looks like they started adding mini tapas plates for hh $5~~which weren't too bad... I think they are opening up for more options on their menu... Their food is good, all their items on the hh menu and their sake is only $2
4	Excellent fresh fish. soft like butter, nice happy hour offer-sake $2.Fast service and that during CES!
5	We loved this place!!!!It was our first time going to Las Vegas last week and on the first night there we were craving something Asian so we yelped that and up popped this awesome sushi bar. It's a mix of regular Japanese rolls and some Asian Fusion appetizers/side dishes. It was the best decision ever! So good, in fact, that we decided to go there twice in our three day stay in Vegas. Located right on The Strip at the Fashion Show Mall, it was so easy to find. The greatest thing about this place was its happy hour is from 3-7pm, perfect for dinner time. From $2 side dishes, to $4 regular rolls and $7 dollar special rolls, $30 was enough to fill our tummies with delicious yummy-ness. I also personally loved the atmosphere, its red lights and tasteful decorations plus top 40 music playing in the background, complements the Vegas style perfectly. I just can't express enough how awesome this place was, when I go back with my friends in the summer, I am definitely bringing them there!!Some must tries at this restaurant are: shishito peppers, Viva Las Vegas Roll, spicy tuna roll, garlic sugar snow pea, tootsi roll, and scallop dynamite, 5/6 of them were on the wonderful happy hour menu!
5	Fantastic sushi restaurant on the strip that's not over priced! Loved their specialty rolls.  Very fresh and unique combinations. Service was good as well.  It's a trendy atmosphere, but the only downside was the music was too loud like I was in a night club.  I could hardly carry a conversation.  Music was good, just too loud.  Definetly a place to go that's not over priced like others on the strip.
1	Totally mediocre sushi, again. And by "again" I mean, this is my 2nd visit to Ra in three years, and it hasn't gotten any better. Attended happy hour. Three items, totaling $22. Most AYCE's around town are in that range, but that's just a sidenote. RA'kin Shrimp - this was the best out of the three. Lobster egg rolls: no lobster flavor, it was just fried mushy cream cheese logs. The Viva Las Vegas Roll - oh please. Was a faux California roll (only the krab), tempura-fried, with I think what was supposed to be spicy tuna on top, then a tarot slice garnish. Disappointing. I just ate the spicy tuna mix on top, and even with that, I've had much better. I'm used to really good, if not great, sushi. Another disappointing Vegas restaurant experience. Too bad we lost Cafe BaBaReeba. Should have lost RA instead. Ptttht.Good service earned that one star.Note: Looks like all the happy hour prices have been upped by a buck since any Yelp reviews you see prior to 2011.
4	Great place for Happy Hour and so conveniently located on the strip! Happy Hour is pretty much everyday except Sunday and from 3-7pm which is a long time for Vegas. Most places I've been too are Monday to Thursday and only for a few short hours so this was a bonus for us. It was pretty packed when we came and the hostess wasn't all that great. The waitress was cool though. They have a Happy Hour menu with lots of things on it, cheap $2 sake and a few other things. We ordered a whole bunch of stuff but my favorite has to be the Viva Las Vegas Roll yum! Get that if you're here. I highly recommend the Seared Ahi Tuna as well. The calamari was soggy to me and a bit bland, don't get that. Love the presentation and fresh selections!
2	Sucky, sucky service lunch service!!  No ice in iced tea, no wasabi, check took forever... waitress was never around.  Crappy.  Food was decent but nothing great... Mediocre sushi.  Glasses looked spotty/dirty.  Not everyone is in Vegas to hang out all day and do shots on a Monday!
4	I love the view of the strip that this place has. The atmosphere that it gives off is great if you want to meet up with friends and hang out and eat sushi or if you take a date and want to be romantic without being cliche. Definitely geared more towards the younger crowd (21-35ish). The sushi isn't the greatest thing I've ever had but it is quality ingredients. I give the sushi *** 3 stars but the place overall is great.
3	Came for HH.SERVICE: it was like our waitress was playing red light green light. At times she was super attentive, but at other points during the meal we couldn't find/flag her down if our lives depended on it.AMBIANCE: Dark and sexy, RA had better music than in the clubs! Total dance party inside.FOOD: RA has a special HH menu with a flight pricing system from $3-7. Cocktails were ~$4-5 and hot sake was only $2!- Yellowtail and salmon nigiri: pretty good for the price- Crispy spicy tuna: the "crispy" rice block was oddly chewy and not crispy at all.- Grilled short ribs: extra grilled charcoal flavor not appreciated; this was also greasy and tough- Miso soup: for $4 this was a total rip off.- Rainbow roll: pretty good- Seaweed salad: the hit of the night. YUM!OVERALL: Totally worth it for HH. I think the total bill for 6 was around $90 including tax+tip... and this was feeding three hungry boys and three HANGRY girls!
4	Came here after a long, first night out in Vegas and a LONG and HOT walk along the strip. Let's just say, we were on a mission for sushi!!! Upon arrival, we were greeted by the hostess who sat us right away. The decor was dark and mysterious with glows of red all around. We were sat in a comfortable booth and promptly greeted by our server. I forget her name but she was nice. Whenever my cousins and I go out to eat, we EAT. By this I mean, our eyes were definitely hungrier than our stomachs. We ordered all types of food, from the small plates (albacore onion or something or another, tuna salsa, a micro green salad of some sort, seaweed salad) which were ALL DELICIOUS, to a chicken bowl and sushi. We also ordered some sushi rolls which were bland and tasteless and obviously not their specialty. One of my cousins also ordered the sesame chicken, which we did not even touch. We did order 3 of the Chirashi bowls. Oh boy, HAND DOWN, my favorite sushi thing EVER!!! It wasn't your typical chirashi bowl with sushi rice topped with sashimi. There was an amazing vinaigrette, tangy and complimented the fresh fish, and wakame (seaweed salad) throughout. We demolished the bowls and wanted to order more to go but sushi and the unforgiving Sin City sun was nothing to mess around with.I will definitely be returning the next time I am in Sin City.
3	In terms of sushi, this place gets a solid "meh". Their lunch specials are decent and won't break the bank, but the quality of the actual food left me underwhelmed. Service and ambiance get most of the points here - plus their happy hour specials are pretty damn good.I've given this place several tries too - and honestly I'll probably continue to keep coming back considering the lack of sushi joints within the Fashion Show Mall.
1	First off I truly believe that all the other comments are from either employees or drunk tourist whom taste buds must have been burned off. I give this place an A+ for presentation, however for taste all they get is five thumbs down! I would have rather chewed on cock roaches rolled up into seaweed and washed it down wit piss and even that would taste better that what i ate. The service was ok, nothing special though. Prices for the amount of food received was totally not worth it either. Apparently they have a great happy hour for drinks,and because of that I recommend that they remodel their business into a bar, because I've ate better sushi purchased from the grocery store that sat out all day. Save your money if you have working and functional taste buds. If you love the taste of dirt. Then this is the perfect place for you. Oh I visited place Monday Feb 7th around the happy hour time. I'm thinking maybe it's that the chef was drunk from happy hour why my food wasn't the best
3	I'm never really been a big fan of this place, I just don't define loud music and dimmed out lights a good way to eat my sushi comfortably.  Every time I enter this place I feel like I'm about to pass out by the crowded atmosphere, even though it's not crowded LOL. I just feel overwhelmed with their ambiance, and it's not a great feeling.  Now on their food section, their prices for happy hour isn't too bad.  It ranges from $5 to $7, for sushi and desserts.  I've experienced better sushi, but I didn't mind eating it for the price.  But it's nothing to brag about.  I did like their dessert though, both their fried banana wrapped thing and their Cinnamon Tempura Ice Cream was really good.  I thought the waiter was a not the business though, considering she didn't bother to refill our drinks or take our order within the 15mins we sat down.  If you're looking for a place that has the club like feel while eating a boat load of sushi, then this is your place.
3	I came here again with my boyfriend. It was pretty spur of the moment, I don't even remember what compelled us to come here to be honest. Maybe because we were hungry, right next to the Fashion Show Mall, and it was right around Ra Sushi happy hour time. When we arrived, the place was pretty empty and the music was pretty low. Besides the lighting, the atmosphere was the complete opposite of the first time I came here when it was jam packed and extremely noisy. We were seated right away in a comfy booth. The waitress explained the menu and brought out water right away. We decided to order sesame chicken wings, tootsi maki roll, shrimp tempura roll, edemame, and dengaku tofu. The food came one at a time and we devoured each plate. My favorite dish was probably the chicken wings. They were just so flavorful and perfectly marinated. I also really loved the tofu. My boyfriend didn't enjoy it that much, so I pretty much got it all to myself, which was a nice treat. All in all, I was surprised at my experience since I wasn't all that fond of this place the first time around. I think it's best to come here sometime in the middle of the week when the place isn't so crazy and you can actually hear the person you're with. If you happen to come at a time like this, it's actually a decent experience. The food was actually pretty good and the service was fast as well.
4	Happy hour from 3pm-7pm Monday through Saturday, need I say more?On the happy hour menu: $2 sake and around $4-$8 for rolls, sashimi and other appetizers. The rolls aren't that great. I will tell you what is because I'm a heffa like that and tried just about everything on the happy hour menu. Get multiple orders of the sesame wings. That was the favorite dish at our table. Big, succulent wings that were a little crispy just how I like them. And that sesame sauce was so good we took some to go with our leftovers. Another favorite was the fried shrimp, calamari and albacore sashimi. The spicy tuna on crispy rice was just ok. I would also forgo the short ribs. They were NOT good.If you're looking for a dinner destination before going out to the clubs, this is a good place for something fun, cheap, easy and light (you can't get too stuffed before you put your freakum dresses on 'kna mean?).
3	Coming from Arizona where RA is huge, I was quite disappointed with this location in Las Vegas.First, the happy hour is the best which is on Monday thru Saturday 4-7 and then on Sunday from 8-11. Awesome sushi and drinks which are usually half off, but recently they have changed their happy hour menu. I've always had a great time coming here with friends for a quick bite while at Fashion Show, but the service the last  three times was extremely slow. Once, the girl forgot our cocktails but we asked about them after we received our food and the girl was clueless. It felt like years before the server came back to ask if we wanted anymore food or drinks, by then I was rather upset and got the check instead. Either RA needs to provide more staffing or figure out a way to make service move a bit faster. Overall, I can't complain about this place. $2 Edamame and $5 Tootsie Maki rolls will eventually make me want to go back.
2	I went here only once and it was anything but impressive. I only ordered one roll and I remember it having mango in it. I was originally excited about trying a sushi roll with mango, but it was the absolute worst sushi I have ever tried to eat. The mango wasn't even ripe, and the mixture of flavors was totally off. I'm rating two stars only because the appearance of the restaurant was very nice, and even though I went there during the day I imagine that at night it is really a nice place to look at...just not eat at.
3	My friend and I came here with about 5min left to spare of their happy hour. I ordered their spicy salmon roll which turned out to be decent enough. My friend ordered 3 other rolls, she was satisfied. Our waiter was nice and also a cutie. He hooked it up with free soup. We also ordered teriyaki chicken, vegetables were yummy but the chicken was dry.
1	The only thing consistent about this place is how often they get my take out order wrong. I've given it lots of tries because I used to live within walking distance and it has mostly ended in regret.   The ambience when dining in feels like an arcade more than a restaurant and trying to have a conversation inside is a nightmare.
3	Ra isn't a bad place at all. I've been to the ra in chino hills, and the one in Vegas. On the strip, at the shopping center. Prices are very reasonable. Food has always been fresh. And their happy hour is fair. I love their las Vegas roll. Not to mention their wide variety of beers and sake. The decor is nice. Dim, sheik, and colorful at the ra in chino hills. I was sat in the outside patio at the vegas ra. Which has a cool view of the strip. The waitresses here have always been up to par. I can't say any bad bad about this place. It would be nice if they had more locations. But oh well. All in all not a bad place for dinner.
3	You must try the Calamari!  It is the best I've had.  I also had a sushi roll that was really good.  I was happy and will definitely be going back.  What they could change is the volume on the music.  It was incredibly loud.  Then while we were eating they actually turned it up and I had to request that they turn it back down.  It really was at a ridiculous level where we couldn't hear each other across a table without yelling.  When I left I had to take a couple of Excedrin.
4	Satisfying sushi in sin city...that's my best description of this place.  The atmosphere was super chic...and the food was very tasty...the rolls I was lucky enough to sample included the Viva Las Vegas Roll, the Tootsy Maki and the "Ra"llipop...the naming convention was cute...and pair those with sake bombs and you have a great pre-game plan prior to a night out on the town!!!I had dinner there late...otherwise, I would have been all over that happy hour special.  If you're in the area and want a fun, chic place to hit, check this place out.
4	This is a good place to come to during happy hour. The happy hour menu for food is 7 dollars or less. You can also get hot sake for 2 dollars and a bottle of Kirin for either 7 or 8 dollars. The food is of good quality for the amount that you pay. The restaurant has a red hue lighting to it, which makes it look nice, but it can be a little hard to see your food at times. Other than that the waitress was really nice and helped us in making our orders, and we didn't have to wait too long for the food. The location of the restaurant allows you go shopping before or after you eat, which is really convenient.
4	I had a good experience here, granted I was with hungry friends but personally only ordered a mango martini.Yum to the mango martini.Went around 9 at night, music wasn't loud, place wasn't crowded, loved the lighting/red glow/ambiance. Def made everyone look more attractive :)
2	The happy hour prices are great, but you do get what you pay for. The cocktails were pretty bad. The sushi rolls were eh (no stand-outs, no great flavors). The service was nice, but slow and spotty (all the staff definitely seemed overwhelmed). The place itself is not so bad (much larger than your typical sushi place) - I recommend sitting at the sushi bar. Overall, though, as much as I wanted to really like it, I have to go with 2 stars. It was just wasn't good.
4	Real inexpensive happy hour items.$2 drinks and cheap eats too. During their regular hours, food here can be a tad pricey. I love their $1 sake and $2 beer specials. I loved their martinies of all kinds and mixed drinks for about $4 or $5. The walk over here isn't the best one but it's not horrible if you're coming from the TI. The space ship mall, Fashion Mall, is nicer during the evening's happy hour times. It's not as crowded and the restaurant isn't packed like a sardine can. Things dont usually WOW me, as far as food, but I must admit, I was a tad impressed here. The waiters and waitresses were all very friendly. I don't think I've been greeted so many times on my way to my table. Music here isn't loud but it's just right when the room starts spinning and all the sensations you experience are heightened by the martinis and sake that you've had along with your different sushi rolls. Fun times. Things in here will glow red along with the lights. It's a fun place on the strip that has off the strip prices. Awesome.
5	i was sooooo excited that this was right across the street from my hotel when i went! i love this place and their food is delicious!great ambiance even though it is super dark.the food is DELICIOUSthe service is AWESOMEefficient and friendly host and serversthe bar is great. awesome selectiongreat menu!
3	I needed to go shopping but needed some food so I dropped in for happy hour.I ordered:Dengaku tofu ($4)- this was a generous portion (8 slabs) and the tofu was silken and had a bit of roast veggies on top, but there was  oppmpf needed in the flavor. It was in tempura sauce with a drizzle of eel sauce but needed more of the eel for flavor.  I added a bit of soy, and ate it with sushi ginger for some bite.Crispy Spicy Tuna ($5)- I love this at other sushi bars, but this version was just okay. It had a very big piece of rice and it was a bit cold so the crisp rice piece wasn't actually crispy since I suspect it was pre done. Crispy Onion Albacore ($5)- it was decent but not the best quality of albacore and very thin slices topped with some sesame dressing, French's onion, a bit of sprouts. The server was friendly and kept up with drinks and checked on me whenever she passed by. I think it's a good option when you are a tourist since there is very few happy hours or "deals" on the strip and there are a good amount of options on the HH menu. I don't think it's a HH I would go out of my way to go on the strip for though.
5	We had a great time here. The wife and I sat down on the patio on a Sunday afternoon and left three hours later. Sampled a bunch of different rolls. The 22 oz beers went down easy and the waiter was totally awesome. No pressure, no rush. Giants game on the tube. Couldn't have had a better day. Oh ya, the food was killer as were their prices. Will return!!
5	HAPPY HOUR ON SUNDAY IS CRACKIN! Hands down one of my favorite hot spots for me! I am from the bay area but when i come down to visit my friend he always takes me down to RA SUshi on sundays for the great happy hour. On sundays there are great happy hour deals where you can get expensive things for cheap. The decor of this place is pretty nice and when you go at night it is dark and red inside. It is also at a really good location which is at the fashion show mall. Parking is great here because you just park at the fashion show parking lot. But back to sunday happy hour you must must try this place out. There DJ's they have at RA are really good because they play FRESH HIP HOP music! They aren't playing alot of the stuff you hear on the radio which is refreshing. But this place plays NEW upcoming hits or music i haven't heard before that is GOOD! The combination of the great music and cheap saki here is a winner! I tried most of everything on the happy hour menu because it is CHEAP! THe las vegas roll is my favorite roll / thing to get here. The fried tempura ice cream was also good but not on the happy hour menu. Still worth the try because i have a sweet tooth. When your in vegas this is a must / hot spot stop for me for SUNDAYS HAPPY HOUR AT NIGHT!
5	RA RA OHH LA LA! Love this place but only been here for happy hour. My friends and I usually come here to pre-game before we go out to the clubs on sunday night. The sake is $2 and the beers $3-6 pending on what beer you get.  The food wil run you $2-$7 pending i what you order but there happy hour food selection has very good deals. There are plenty of rolls you can choose from and appetizers. The music here on sundays nights is always GREAT! I always find a GOOD new song that i hear when im at RA sushi. To me a tru happy hour gem. After the cheap saki / beer / and happy hour foods / plus the music getting is pumped up.... YOU will be all set to go out to the clubs with you tummy satisfied and ur head buzzzzed! Leggggoooo!
5	Happy hour was awesome!! Can't beat the hot saki they have and the "ra'ckin roll" was freaking amazing!!!! Definitely go here for amazing sushi in Vegas! Not badly priced and great food selection.
4	Came here on a Sunday where they had happy hour from 8pm-11pmordered:crunchy calamari roll 3/5rainbow roll 4/5"Ra"kin shrimp 5/5pork gyoza 3/5spicy salmon roll 4/5total bill was $28.11(tip excluded)Service was good, our waitress Jackie did a good job at giving my bf and I ample time to choose what we wanted and making sure our drinks were full. The place was a bit too dark for my liking.Do come here for their happy hour, it'll save you $$$ and this is a legit place to grab some sushi.
4	Located at the Fashion Show Mall on the strip this place is amazing! Let me put it this way I went here for lunch with my mother at 1:30 and I came back at 5 with the rest of my family for more. I had the spicy miso soup which is a very large serving- it can feed like 4 people. IT was flavor full and filled with all the veggies and goodies that I loveI also had the Calamari and omg this calamari was so soft and tender that it felt like you were eating jello. But don't get me wrong the batter was still so crispy that it was so addictive. I also enjoyed the crispy onion albacore, it was so delicious that the second time we went we order three plates! The Tropical roll was to die for! So basically it had cucumber, mango and avocado rolled onto some spinach tempura bits. But the thing that made it amazing was the mango salsa that they threw on top of it all that gave it a refreshing and unique flavor. The Viva Las Vegas is something that you should enjoy...well when you are in Vegas! So so tasty, there is just so much in it and so much going on the flavors are like a punch to the mouth! For dessert we had something like a banana split roll, it was like a egg roll with a banana in it sliced up like sushi. Then it had strawberries and chocolate drizzled on top. It was the perfect way to end the meal. Stop by for happy hour because it's well worth the trip! Happy Eatings! =]
3	This sushi bar caters more to the tourists on The Strip and in the Fashion Show who are looking for a reasonable Happy Hour (which I must admit that the HH here isn't really that bad on The Strip!)I wouldn't pay full price for the plates here, and this wouldn't be a place in the city where I would go out of my way to come to. I usually stop by here whenever I'm at the mall or in the general area. The service is mediocre at best, as I remember it used to be much better than it was now.Most portions are generous, but there have also been some hit or miss episodes where food was either flavorless or dry.
3	Great happy hour, never got to try their drinks, but the food items on the happy hour menu was great, and on the lower side for Vegas.  The hostess was cold and not very friendly but our waitress was a sweetheart, and the food was yummy.We will return for drinks next time we're in town.
4	I was never into sushi and I try whenever I can.  This is the first one that's really caught my taste.  I can't believe sushi could be this good and for the price its awesome.  The crunchy calamari and shrimp tempura is my favorite.  Its probably the only sushi place I would go to because I actually can recognize what's on the menu.Also, don't let the location fool you.  Just because its on the strip and with the Fashion Show Mall, the price is actually reasonable.  Just for the kick of it, you should go at their happy hour.  It will have you leaving the place pretty happy.
4	Fresh sushi and cheap drinks? No complaints from me here :)I went twice last week--once in the daytime and then at night. At night it has more of a club-like vibe with mainstream hip hop being played here.It's a good spot to stop at if you're hungry but don't want something too heavy on your stomach (my girl and I were going to a pool party, so we didn't want the bloated stomach look haha).If you like tempura, definitely try the tropical roll. It has mango in it and is just sooo yummy!If you're a tourist from the DMV like us, and you really like RA, they have a location up in Baltimore.
4	I have been here several times for happy hour and I have never been disappointed. Prime location on Las Vegas Blvd, great food & drinks and awesome people watching.  The calamari tempura is my favorite thing on the happy hour menu. Had the spicy tuna, tempura shrimp, rainbow, and  viva las vegas rolls on this visit and they were all good.  Tried the cheese & pineapple wontons also and they were very yummy. All washed down with $2 sake, you can't go wrong!The decor is great and nice bar area and outdoor seating. The music is probably a little loud for a nice dinner environment but they play such great music it doesn't bother me at all!
4	I had been here one other time before this last time and I know why I went back. We were seated right away on a Saturday night at 8pm and there were four in out party. We got an awesome table outside with a great view of the strip. The sushi was very fresh and they have a great selection of sake. For being Vegas I was really surprised how cheap our meal was. I can't wait to eat here again next time I am in Vegas!
3	This is one of the better spots for cheap eating on the strip. The viva las vegas roll is above average for sushi spots on the strip, but nothin out of this world. Don't get me wrong, it tastes pretty damn good, but that is NOT spicy tuna on top. The lobster roll is very good all though they jacked up the price recently. Evertything else on the happy hour menu is pretty good, but aside from that.. it's your typical, overpriced sushi restaurant. 3 stars thanks to friendly service. Otherwise, 2 stars is more than adequate.
5	Amazing vegetarian sushi! They have a few delicious different options. Also the service there is really great and the prices are really decent, which is surprising since its on the strip! Happy hour is great for cocktails as well.
5	Great restuarant, we love sushi and this place has a different twist on it, I love how late they're open, we were literally eating sushi at 11pm, way cool. BTW, the Tempura-fried Japanese pumpkin is goooood. Be warned, it's loud in here!
4	I LOVE HAPPY HOUR! lol but who doesn't. =)I love this place because it has happy hour on a weekend. Its located at the mall so you can shop while you wait for happy hour or walk it off after. They have a nice patio area so you can see the action on the strip. Great place for yummy cocktails and cheap rolls! The rolls are a little on the small side but I loved it because it wasn't all rice which is what you get from most big rolls anyway. I was able to try so much more on their happy hour menu and even some off their regular menu. They send me emails occasionally that make me long for this place and a return to vegas. :)
5	HAPPY HOUR IS THE TITS. I am new to Vegas as a resident, but not as a visitor. So when i asked my friend where is good happy hour at close to where I was driving, he said Ra Sushi at the Fashion Mall. He hit the nail on the head. Drink n food specials are amazing, and taste great. Also the wait staff is friendly as well. The price is great, me and the wifey were able to sit relax and enjoy a few drink's and have dinner in the outdoor seating area. There is also no lack in service, and quality of the food, even for happy hour specials.
4	Working at Fashion Show Mall, I frequent RA as their Happy Hour is unsurpassed. Great drink and roll specials. One thing I love is they don't get lazy with the simple rolls. Even their California Rolls are deelish. (I only know this from eating off of my friends' plates). Some of the best dishes they have aren't sushi at all. The Tuna Salad is bomb.com. Tuna Sashimi on a bed of greens and an awesome sweet/spicy dressing. I am sure the menu describes it better, but just eat it and be amazed. I recently tried the Lobster Spring Rolls. The roll is crispy and flaky and the lobster is always perfectly prepared. It comes atop what I think is a mango puree AKA mango baby food, but the mix of the lobster, cream cheese and super sweet puree makes for a party on the tongue. A couple tips, Fashion Show Mall employees receive a discount (I think 10% off total not including alcohol) and if you check in on Foursquare and tell your server, you get a free order of edamame or a bowl of miso soup. I also like that the entire staff is aware of their Foursquare specials and don't act jerky when you ask for free things.
2	As far as sushi franchises go, I would say this was slightly above average. The rolls I had were good, but nothing truly memorable.  In fact I don't really remember the names of the rolls we had!  I have had worse, but I have also had much better.  Sushi-wise,This is more like a bar that serves sushi and not necessarily a sushi restaurant in the strictest sense.  We had lunch there, but you could tell at night this place turns into some swank club at nighttime.I have been told this was the place to be during happy hour due to their drink specials and super cheap rolls.  I would venture to come back during a happy hour and give it another try.
5	Good sushi in the middle of the desert.A bit pricey but hey, it's Vegas!Staff is flexible and will take custom made orders.
2	Overall, very average. I've eaten here twice, both times the service was terrible, rolls small, & other than happy hour, very expensive. Unless you are just looking to eat in the "vegas" sushi spot, which I would save for late in the evening b/c that's when it kinda turns into a "club", I would get more, better tasting sushi, for less money a few miles away @ the local spot, sushi twister!
4	Very good quality sushi at an affordable price.Above average sake selection.Definitley the best sushi value on the strip.
1	Blah.  This might be a good place to go if you're drunk and don't care about the quality of sushi you're eating but if you're sober and is somewhat coherent about what you're putting in your mouth then don't come here.  I ordered the sashimi plate and what came out were these poorly cut tiny pieces of fish on top of giant mounds of shredded daikon.  Sashimi is all about the way the fish is cut and whoever cut these pieces were either highly untrained in sushi making or wanted to save the restaurant some money by using the end pieces of the available fish.  Terrible.  Oh and the red lighting of the place gave me a headache.
2	Prior to heading Marquee for the night, our party of 10 ppl had made reservations at RA sushi for dinner. Last minute there were more people added to our party and the hostess was accommodating. Though it took some convincing and i believe it was due to them not being busy that night. We started our dinner with a round of drinks and some peppers. Their peppers were undercooked and the worst of all places i had ordered the same type of peppers. We also ordered ceviche as an appetizer which was served with unrippened avocados, one type of fish, and maybe a few shrimp. Though it was the best of all items ordered, it was definitely not considered "good." Once our drinks came out, we were all enjoying our time and placed our entree orders with the server. Our roll took the longest to arrive and it was not even the correct order. We continued to just eat the unsatisfactory appetizers to suppress our hunger and continued asking the server when our roll would be out. As everyones food finished they brought out our roll and another appetizer that they had forgotten to originally deliver. We felts as though for a place like Las Vegas, we would have had more attentive servers and much better customer service. We had to wait around 20 minutes for them to bring out our bill, which we asked numerous times for. The bill had a lot of incorrect orders on it and we had to have them adjust again which required another 15 minutes of our time. Overall the dinner experience was mediocre at best. I understand that we were a large party and it is more difficult to accommodate everyones needs, but the lack of attentiveness we received was not acceptable. However, they did have good fried rolls, which is what a few of the other members in our party had ordered. But if you like real sushi and quality fish RA is definitely not a place to consider.
4	We came on a Saturday for happy hour and got the edamame, spicy salmon roll and shrimp tempura roll. Great taste, price, cool vibe!!!The coconut Creme Brulee was a highlight!!  Off-the-chain!!We will return!!
3	First and foremost, I don't come here for the Sushi. I come here for the Happy Hour which starts at 4:30pm. Domestic beers are cheap $3 for Bud Light, $5 for imports like Kirin, and Hot Sake is only $2! And when I get really drunk then I will venture into the menu and order the Americanized fusion sushi that always usually contains cream cheese. Why the hell does all the sushi contain cream cheese? RA sushi is to Japanese food as Taco Bell is to Mexican...far from what it's supposed to be. Get your pre party on here for cheap and get a Las Vegas Roll when you're drunk enough to wanna eat the sushi here. The waitresses were very nice and there was a DJ when I was there. This place is conveniently located in the Fashion Mall, so you can walk off  the gratuitous amounts of food and alcohol in an A/C filled ambience!
4	I have to say the Happy Hour is a pretty good deal. 3PM-7PM. The most expensive thing on HH is $7, and even the cheaper portions are still filling. Unlike most other sushi bars, RA's HH has a little more choice rather than listing 3 or 4 things on their HH menu. Went for lunch today, and have to say our server was outstanding and very patient with our requests. After this experience I definitely want to return for more HH goodness. ;)
4	i LOVE this restaurant. i wish there was one in nebraska. lol try the BARA CHIRASHI BOWL. its to die for.. i loved how this restaurant is half outside. the only drawback..is its kind of expensive..id def go again tho
5	I loves me some sushi, and this is the best that I have ever had. I pride myself on being able to taste and recreate dishes, and this one was so complex and well balanced that I couldn't figure it out. If you go try the "Hot Mess" roll, it's the bomb. When we were there it had a really great atmosphere, the music was really pumping. My wife claimed it was so loud she couldn't taste her food....what a nut.
5	I don't think anyone really goes to RA for sushi. It's lovely that the food is delicious but if you are a local, all the Whoo-haw is about happy hour. I haven't visited since I was fresh out of High School and I went back a couple months ago. The morale has definitely been maintained. Group visits are the best. You can have dinner with cocktails, eat too much and hit up the bar for a beer on your way out. It's sexy with all those red lanterns hanging about but hell, it's Vegas and that's to be expected.It's centrally located in the Fashion Show Mall so you could make a day of it to avoid the heat.  Shop a bit, and take a cab back to your hotel for a nap with no trouble. Cab rides from there cost  $8 - $15 depending on how far South you are on Las Vegas Blvd. Any further North and you end up downing Royal Flushes at the penny slots in the Fitzgeralds. ( No!) Location ....is the saying?
2	This place is getting only 2 stars because of its ambience. I got the worst case of food poisoning after I had sushi there. Not sure whether it was Mohito and sushi combination or food just wasn't fresh enough but all the money I spent at the bar literally went down the drain and I feel like I will never eat sushi again...Thanks, manager Collin, but I don't believe it takes 24 hours to feel sick if you ate something bad
3	Located in the Fashion Show Mall with a great view of the Strip.  Head here for happy hour before you start the club rounds.  It's a great place to hang out for some half price sushi & sake after shopping in the mall for a great dress to wear out to Pure or XS.  Plenty of indoor & outdoor seating, friendly servers & low lighting to set the mood for your crazy night ahead.
3	Nothin to write home about,.. We stopped in from the long walk down Vegas Blvd.. Happy hours best deal
5	You cannot beat this place especially during Happy Hour.  This is the best we have been to in Las Vegas.  The food is excellent no matter what time of day you go, but the best deals are during happy hour.  We have never had bad service or food here and the drinks (if you drink) are very reasonably priced.The deserts are not on happy hour, but are around the same price as everything that is on happy hour and is worth the poundage.  If you are in Vegas, this is a place you have to visit.
5	Every time I'm in Las Vegas (which is about 5-6 times a year) I HAVE to eat here. If I could give them more than 5 stars I would. I've had sushi from San Francisco all the way to Brooklyn and all the places in between, not a single place can hold a candle to Ra Sushi. The sushi is fresh and made in a speedy fashion. I love the the Ami Ebi. The unagi is fresh and has a great taste to it. The crunchy shrimp tempura roll is delicious. The main reason I go every time is the mango lobster rolls, you wont find these any where else but here. Also, if you are not a big fan of seaweed I believe they give you the option of using rice/soy paper instead. It worked out perfectly for my sister.in.law, a first time sushi eater.
1	Expensive, bad service, uninspiring food.
4	Ra's happy hour is a fantastic place to start an evening in Vegas off right! While the strip is lined with super fancy overpriced restaurants featuring celebrity chefs, this one's a lot more low-key and it just a casual, fun place to get some cheap food and drinks before splurging elsewhere. Their happy hour is from 3-7pm and features some amazing deals like $2 sake, $3 beers and a huge menu of discounted food including a yummy carpaccio, chicken wings, and big honkin' sushi rolls. We begged for a table on the patio and after a wait at the bar we got our wish, and it was wonderful to be out there on a warm night doing sake bombs and pigging out on not-too-heavy food before a night of dancing. If you're with your girlfriends I highly recommend a tipsy shopping trip in the attached mall after your drinks... drunk shopping is fun!
5	Too full to take pictures. Every time I'm in Las Vegas,NV I have to have my fill @ RA Sushi. Every visit I have appreciated the wonderful customer service and satisfaction from the staff - especially the cooks. :) They also have a great happy hour selection of beverages and food. Another plus - they stay open until 1ish I believe - and is a great people watching spot. It is connected to the Fashion Show Mall - so do some shopping and then have a bite to eat!Everyone that I have experienced this venue with has enjoyed it as much as myself if not more!
3	**Summary**       - Food - The food was average at best with the exception of the spicy sesame chicken wings.       - Ambiance - You're definitely paying for the hip/club feel at this place. Everyone there seemed to be dressed for a night on the town and it was only 6pm when we went.       - Price - The happy hour pricing seemed to me like what I'd pay regularly at other places for the same quality/portions.**Price**       - Happy Hour Mon-Sat from 3pm to 7pm.**Ordered**       - $3 Salmon Nigiri  - The salmon seemed like it was cut and left there for a while. It was completely dry by the time it got to the table.       - $5 Spicy Sesame Chicken Wings - The only thing we ordered that actually seemed worth it. You get about 6 tangy and delicious wings/drum sticks.       - $6 Rainbow Roll - The assorted fish on the roll was cut nearly paper thin.       - $7 Viva Las Vegas Roll - The roll was good, but for five pieces, it didn't seem very happy hourish to me.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place for the food. If you're coming here, it's probably for the ambiance.
3	When you first walk into this restaurant, the ambiance is club like. Except the music is not as loud as the clubs. The ladies in the front are very friendly and the waitress was very attentive. We went during happy hour and LOVED the variety especially the prices. Since I am pregnant, my selection was very limited.They get a 3 star is because they charged me for items that I did not get. I dont know if the waitress was not paying attention because we did have to ask her for some of the items. I should've checked the receipt before we left.
4	I am a huge fan of this place and try to go every time I visit Vegas.  I think it is the best sushi place in Vegas.Try the Viva Las Vegas roll, its to die for yummy!!!!
5	I never miss Happy Hour at RA every time I am in Vegas....the best! Excellent food and excellent prices. If only there was one in Alaska..I would be there daily. Very friendly service also. Best Tempura Calamari and Salmon Carpaccio ever
4	It's pretty simple how I came about to dining at RA in Las Vegas! My boyfriend & I in August 2011 came across the fashion mall near wynn hotel! The place looked inviting... plus I LOVE sushi & we both were starving! When entering you get a welcoming invite & a menu full of delicious items. We ordered the tropical roll, Uni nigri, short ribs, plus more...I can say when we make a trip back to Vegas, we will be coming back to enjoy a meal!
4	I really love this place for their happy hour! $7 for a large beer and small sake? wins my heart! for their rolls listed under the happy hour menu I'd go for the rainbow just cause I love raw fish and less of the more deep fried/baked rolls. also the hamachi something something was really good too! it was hamachi sashimi in ponzu sauce. I'd come back for more. although I wish the small sake bottles held more than 4 shots.
1	Had a bug in my sake and they did not even care! Saryah was our waitress and although attentive not friendly nor apologetic about the visitor in my drink.... will I go back probably not....2 stars cause the food was good...too bad the service was NOT
2	I have been here a few times for lunch and it never wow's me. the service is always eh and the food is just alright. I do enjoy their soups and i know with them you def get your money's worth but there is nothing that makes it stand out in my mind when I am deciding on a place to eat. The prices are typical strip menu prices so I'd def stick to their lunch specials. The miso hot soup is something I'm always drawn to though when I find myself there. for $7 dollars I leave full and warm.the service needs some help though.
4	Always a must stop for me whenever we're in Vegas.  The best time to come is during Happy Hour.  Food and drinks range from $2-$10.They also have a lunch special.  It was some kind of sushi bowl, I forgot the name but it's BOMB.COM! =DI really love their ceviche here, I always get it.  Did I mention the $2 Sake?
5	Wow!  My wife has gone here  a few times with her girlfriends and I started to get jealous about how they talked about the sushi.  Now I see why!  We decided to take advantage of the happy hour during our anniversary and we were not disappointed!Here is what we ordered for appetizers: - Grilled Short Ribs- Kaisen CevicheFor sushi we ordered:- Viva Las Vegas Roll- Crunchy Calamari Roll- Crazy Monkey Roll- "RA"ckin' RollThe "RA"ckin' Roll and Crunchy Calamari are my absolute favorites!  I will do anything to come back and eat those again.  The Grilled Short Ribs quenched my dark passenger's need for seared cow meat.  Delicious!Even though it was happy hour, service was great and the ambiance was fine.  Dark, intimate and comfortable.  They were playing 80's music as well... AWESOME!I haven't seen this at many other restaurants, but if ANY server notices that your drink is low, they go ahead and fill it.  Even if you don't belong to them. A+ Service here. I am definitely going to come back here.
4	Great sushi here and the happy hour is awesome.   If you order The spicy rolls, ask for extra spicy since they aren't that spicy
5	Ra'ckin shrimp are just that.  The sauce is super duper ginger heaven.  Sushi was also very good and happy hour prices were a welcome change from the typical Vegas prices.
2	Very good sushi at good prices. Sake was inexpensive at $3 - $3.50 for a 180ml pot.  Waitress was really on top of things. Fun atmosphere. Next time I'm in town, I'll be stopping in. READ ON!EDIT: The waiter or waitress can make or break a place. We went back the next night. Food was still good, but service SUCKED. It took the waiter over 50 minutes to check back with us after taking the order, which was all sorts of screwed up. Ran out of drinks, out of water, out of everything. WTH?We wanted to make another order of sushi, but he never came back around. When I finally flagged him down and confronted him about it, he said, "Well yeah, we're really busy." It was less busy than it was the night prior when we were there, and the waiter was selectively ignoring or tending to other tables (mostly ignoring them). I pointed out the screwed up orders, and he offered to fix it. We told him not to worry about it, and that we just wanted the check, as we had to go. He didn't listen to that either, and instead we were brought the correct order by the manager. We sent him away and again asked for the check, explaining to him the problems we experienced. Management knew about the issues and did nothing. Were I this manager, dealing with customers with legitimate issues of this magnitude, the check would have been comp'd.
4	I shouldn't even really be writing about this place, as I've only been here once, for lunch, and I didn't order sushi...I had one of the lunch special bowls. But THAT's why I'm bothering to write this! For around $8-10 you get a giant bowl of rice topped with veggies, avocado, spicy tuna, salmon, or teriyaki chicken. Plus you get a bowl of miso soup. A bangin' deal, considering you're on the Strip, at an upscale mall, no less.The food quality was great and the atmo was sort of trendy but not annoyingly so. I might actually come here again sometime!
4	Like most restaurants on the strip, RA may be a lil' more overpriced than local chains. Nonetheless, if we happen to be at the Fashion Show Mall, this is our most frequent meal stop. They've got a lunch special my family always tries to catch (it's only from 1-3pm), $8.25 for a bento set with miso soup, egg roll & potsticker, rice, salad and a choice of tempura, katsu chicken, beef/chicken teriyaki. I always like to stick to the chicken katsu bento. It's fantastic! Great music, great atmosphere - casual with a touch of class, friendly staff and comfortable seating!
5	This is a review for their happy hour specials.Yesterday, I aimed to enjoy RA's lunch specials with my friend and if it weren't for him arriving 30 minutes past 3pm, I wouldn't have discovered their great deals. We ordered the 'RA'ckin Rolls, Crunchy Calamari Roll, Viva Las Vegas Roll and the Pork Gyoza potstickers. Might I say, impeccable presentation and amazing taste! My friend also ordered the mango margarita and he lurved it! Guess I know what time I'm coming in for my next visit!
2	Is RA Sushi owned by a white guy?FOOD: If your looking for authentic Asian flavor, you're on the wrong end of Spring Mountain. RA is a fancified, Americanized Japanese restaurant. And no, fancified is not a real word. Every time I come here, I'm surrounded by modern california rolls that look like Bobby Flay threw up on them. I usually order nigiri during happy hour. Fish quality isn't that great --just saying.RA "CHIPS & SALSA: GOOD! Basically tuna tar tar and its surprisingly good.SPICY CHICKEN YAKISOBA: soggy udon noodles, not spicyEDAMAME: some days they're hot, some days they're coldNIGIRI: not the freshest, fish to rice ratio bitesROLLS: lots of mayo, creamcheese, or some strange salsa thrown on itDRINKS: Full bar. Happy Hour specials for Sake & Beer (for sake bombs) is a good deal!SERVICE: BAD FOR GROUPS! The only time I'm here is for group functions. The servers are easily confused. They always run out of shot glasses for sake bombs. They forget to refill waters and drinks.SPLITTING CHECKS: For large groups, our server made a check for every 3-4 people. Not too difficult. However, for groups over 6 people, gratuity is automatically calculated 20% each check. This is WAY TOO MUCH for these incompetent servers.Food isn't bad. Its just not the type of Japanese I'm used to eating. Think 'real' Mexican food in comparison to Taco Bell. My non-asian friends like it here. My asian friends do not.
4	Two words: Happy Hour. I dunno when it starts but it ends at 7pm.This was my second time at RA at this location. Consistently we've had a great experience. Service was quick; I swear everyone had something to eat about 10 minutes after we ordered. Surprisingly, we didn't drink this time so I can't really say much about the alcohol, but the two dishes I ordered, the Dengaku (sp?) tofu and the short ribs, were both tasty and a great value for the money. I think I spent a grand total of $12 and I couldn't even finish all my food. The tofu might have been a little salty for some palettes but I didn't mind it.One strange thing though: miso soup wasn't on the happy hour menu and therefore was $4 a cup. huh? EXCEPT turns out that if you check in with your smartphone you can get it for free. We figured this out too late and never got our soup haha, oh well. Learn from our mistake yelpers!
4	Yeah, Ra is a chain, but it's consistent quality of food, drinks and service keeps me coming back. It's right across the street from work, and the happy hour (4p-7p) here is ridiculous. You get a Sake Bomber for $7. Two of those and you'll be in great shape to hit up the clubs that are within walking distance. A perfect spot to pre-game.They have several appetizers on the menu during HH, in addition to some of the sushi rolls.It's not the best sushi ever, but it does the job.I've only been here on Friday nights, but around 6PM, they have an in-house DJ that isn't afraid to play some dub step, house and whatnot.This is THE spot for happy hour if you are in the area.If you want a great breakdown of the HH, check out my buddy Elnino's review. He has it mapped out.
3	Not my favorite sushi joint by any means but it sure is conveniently located (Fashion Show Mall).  It is a bit over-priced and the quality could be better... but I do enjoy the happy hour specials.  In fact, it's probably the only time I would visit.  Had the standard rolls (Spicy Tuna/ Shrimp) and hot sake - mediocre really but I guess that's what you get w/ cheap sake ($3ish).  Sat at the bar and could barely hear myself think.  I wouldn't recommend sitting at the bar unless you're ok with lots of yelling.
4	Ra is definitely worth hitting up for Happy Hour.  I will admit that when my girlfriends and I ate there, we slid in about 6:45 (15 minutes to closing) and just a tad inebriated!  Our waiter was pretty awesome and let us get our order in immediately so we could take advantage of the fleeting happy hour prices.  We ordered two Las Vegas rolls, tuna sashimi, a Ra-ckin Shrimp, and a round of Sake bombs.  By the end of the meal we were giddy, full, and more than willing to pay full price for dessert.  We ordered the coconut creme brulee and it was delicious, although it could have used a bit more coconut flavor.  It looked and tasted very much like a traditional creme brulee.  Our bill ended up being $100, but we all drank and ate pretty well.  We weren't overly stuffed, but just right.  Located by the fashion mall, Ra Sushi is a must if you are looking for delicious sushi on a budget and are staying anywhere within walking distance; for us it was from the Venetian.  Happy  Hour goes til 7, and make sure you order the Las Vegas roll and Ra-ckin shrimp!! They won't disappoint!!!
4	I have been to RA in AZ and NV, they never disappoint, great food and sushi, and happy hour until 7 pm. The only problem is that is not all you can eat so instead of spending $25 for AYCE, you end up spending $60-$80 for the same portions.The staff at this location was outstanding, and kept coming back to us during happy hour to let us take advantage of the lower pricing.It is on the strip and can get crowded, but it is my 2nd favorite sushi place in Las Vegas.
4	Love this place! Favorite affordable sushi restaurant in Vegas.
3	HmmmmI'm big on customer service. I was seated ready to rate RA with one star because the hostess was so horrible and made us feel unwelcomed. Maybe she had a bad day but I just didn't appreciate her attitude.BUT then luckily we were seated in Jared's section. I had to ask his name because he was the best server I had my entire trip. He's truly awesome.WHY?... well of course my friends and I were really indecisive and he left and actually came back to check on us instead of us having to flag him down. Then the menu had no pictures and a friend of mine wanted a roll with "red stuff" on top of it. He was awesome enough to grab the book from the back that had pictures and descriptions to find the exact roll she was talking about.The food was good. Especially the avocado rolls. Some of the other rolls were too spicy, my friend's loved them.So to sum it up. Food was good and don't let the hostess scare u away.
4	RA! RAH! RAH! If I was writing about the Arizona locations, I probably would have rated it a three-star, if that, but this location situated on the plaza at the Fashion Show Mall has always been a favorite of mine.The lunch Bento boxes are a bargain -- good on quality, great on quantity. What really wowed me was the Dengaku Tofu - Crispy like tempura but not greasy fried tofu served with tempura sauce with a red miso ginger glaze. Absolutely delicious! The Hamachi nigiri was very good, but if you want sushi, there are better places.Service was pleasant and attentive. The only negative -- sitting on the outside patio listening to competing music with the restaurant next door as well as the ambiant noise from the center itself and Las Vegas Boulevard.
5	Our first night and place in Vegas for our trip and we hit a home run!  RA Sushi was highly recommended to my wife as a great place to eat and they did not disappoint.  Although we had reservations we decided to sit at the bar and got a couple different rolls.  Each one was amazing especially the Scallop and Shrimp roll I had all to myself.  Not much to say here except the atmosphere was great, the service was fantastic, and we even got a free roll because it was my Birthday and free Edamame because we check in our Foursquare!If I was a frequent Vegas visitor I would go get Sushi here in a heartbeat!   Bravo!
4	Happy Hour specials are great at this place! I stuck to the happy hour menu, and glanced at the regular sushi menu, and those prices aren't bad either! We sat at the sushi bar and it was really convenient ordering by handing the chef our orders that we checked on the menu. We got our sushi in a decent amount of time and it was pretty good quality. For sushi in Vegas this place is very reasonably priced! One thing that sort of pissed me and my friend off was the waitress. They got our order wrong, and she snatched the check from my friend and a bunch of paper flew on me. She didn't even apologize. However, our order was fixed, but still, that didn't help her tip!I wouldn't hesitate to come back to this place during happy hour on my next Vegas trip!
4	I love the variety of sushi rolls.  Everything is fresh and unique.  One downfall, the service has always sucked.  I've been there multiple times and each time the service was horrible.
3	Had a quick dinner here one night well on the strip. The menu is a bit confusing. Out of the 3 things I ordered, only 1 actually was a roll, I thought all 3 were. The drinks were pretty yummy. The bartender was super friendly. Next time I am going to make sure that I ask about the items on the menu instead of just assuming.
3	Came here with friends who like the place, but it was really just ok.  The food was good, though not great, and the service all but sucked.Sat at the bar to avoid waiting and to feel the breeze from outside.  It was dirty, and no one bothered to wipe it down.  By the time our food came we were the only ones left seated at the bar, and we were pretty much left to fend for ourselves.  We managed to waive down our server/ bartender to get a fourth plate for our group of four, but had to scavenge for soy sauce dispensers that weren't empty.  Add a crab roll being brought instead of the nigiri we ordered (they did end up charging us for the nigiri instead of the roll, but we had to point out the discrepancy, and still didn't get what we'd actually ordered).Potstickers were very good.  Salmon was pretty good, as was whatever roll was basically a Philly roll with avocado and mango sauce on top.  Crab roll was OK but had lots of rice- nigiri would have been better to taste it.  I don't recommend the mango sauce on rolls without avocado- it just seemed too sweet to me, but my friend liked it so if you like sweet sushi then it'd be good.The guy was nice enough, and maybe it was just a bad day, but all in all not what I expect when I'm dropping enough cash to do AYCE at other sushi spots.  Would consider coming for happy hour, otherwise I probably won't be back.
3	Food isn't especially good, but I love their HH. I think they recently raised the price on their HH, but still good.  Usually go for some sake bombs and I think it is called the Vegas Roll... with the lobster and lotus root on it. Delicious.Good place to hang out after work and just chill. Kinda loud and busy place, but a fun environment with outdoor seating.
5	Checked out RA Friday evening before going to see Le' Reve across the street at the Wynn.  Arrived during Happy Hour.  The specials were awesome!!  We ordered several of the specials and also the spring seasonal drink, Pineapple Express.  Everything was very flavorful including the sushi.  My favorite roll was the Pacific Roll.  We had a waitress who catered to our every need and never was out of a "beverage."  I totally recommend Tracy...she is very attentive and a great personality.  RA will definitely be on my food menu next time I am in town.
3	Eating in Las Vegas can be pricey... But, it doesn't have to be if you know where to go. I highly suggest hitting RA during their HAPPY HOUR. Great prices on a good selection of sushi, rolls, cocktails, sake and beer.RA is a chain found of sushi bars found in 7 States with 25 locations. I am familiar with RA from my local RA located in Huntington Beach.The restaurants are all decorated about the same... Large red "Chinese lantern inspired" glass orbs (dim) lighting mixed with simple, but tasteful traditional Japanese/Asian decor. It is not a traditional Japanese sushi restaurant, but sometimes that is okay.The service is good, considering how crazy busy this place gets... But, most importantly... The sushi is consistently fresh and tasty. Don't be fooled by the fact that this restaurant is located at the Fashion Show Mall, this is definitely not a "food-court" experience. The decor may not be as flashy and preparation may not be as fancy as the upscale sushi bars found in the nearby hotels, but the fish is as fresh at half  the price. A good value if you are in need of a sushi fix.
1	Probably the worst dining experience I can remember.  The food was average at best and the service was essentially non existent.  The couple next to us sat for 10 minutes waiting for their check.  The waitress never brought the beer we ordered but still tried to charge us for it.Average sushi and bad service.  There are plenty of other good sushi places in Vegas so don't waste your time at Ra.
4	Quick service, pretty place and great sushi
3	Great location, located on the Las Vegas strip at the Fashion Show mall.  Great outdoor seating!I found it on the pricier side, but again it is on the strip in Vegas.  I order out here often as I work very nearby.  They do not, however give a mall discount for carry out :(  Happy hour prices are pretty good if you eat in!The 'viva las Vegas' roll is a favorite (crab, cream cheese lightly battered topped off with Lotus root) it's different, great sauce.  Also a must try is the 'Toosy Maki', crab and shrimp with sweet eel sauce.Location: 4 stars Atmosphere: 3 1/2 stars (who doesn't love looking at the las Vegas strip)Food: 3 starsService: 3Price: 2 Stars (however dinning in during happy hour I give the price 4 stars)If you want a trendy, Vegas strip basic sushi experience then this is a must stop at.  The location is great, tasty drinks and good happy hour specials.I've had better but it's clean, funky and has a great vibe!
4	This is easily my favorite sushi spot on the strip, but don't sleep on the rest of the menu, because it's just as good.  Since sushi is so subjective, I won't drone on about my particular preference, but I will suggest the Crispy Spicy Tuna roll, it is definitely my favorite.  Off the traditional menu, the gyoza and chicken udon are two of my favorites.Ra can be a bit pricier than off the strip sushi spots, but it also has an amazing happy hour from 3-7pm on Monday thru Sat. that is definitely worth taking advantage of.
4	I came here a while ago, so I can't remember exactly what I ordered but we came for happy hour. They had LOTS of choices for happy hour alone and the restaurant is very spacious. The service here is only eh but it's definitely a great place for happy hour. My sister and I came here and ordered 3-4 rolls and a seaweed salad, and it was only $25! For sushi! Whoever comes here, must must MUST get the Viva Las Vegas Roll. It's a little americanized but holy moly it is tasty!
4	I love this place! Ate here twice in 1 trip to Vegas. Every roll we tried, we loved. Very cheap, and VERY good!
4	This place had pretty good sushi.  I really liked the fact that it didn't put a hole in my pocket.  I was craving sushi BAD and wanted to try out a place without having to spend a fortune and I had came to right place.  They have happy hour from 3-7pm I believe and I got variety of rolls for really cheap and tasted pretty good.  I would definitely recommend this place!
5	We went during their Mother's Day happy hour/Sunday happy hour so this might be a little biased when it comes to pricing... But it was probably one of the best sushi places I've ever been to and I have been to A LOT. Definitely great service and great location on the strip. The sesame chicken wings and the rainbow rolls were among our favorites so I'd definitely recommend trying them. Definitely will come back on our next trip to Vegas.
4	Happy Hour! Happy Hour! Happy Hour!!!They include almost every regular menu item in their HH menu, so the choices are plenty and the prices are fantastic given the portions.  I ordered 3 rolls just for myself (yeah, I'm a greedy B) thinking the rolls would be the usual HH size, but they weren't sized down, and I had way too much food.  As far as food quality, I was pleased.  I'm not a huge nigiri or chirashi fan, and thus, cannot speak to the true quality and freshness of the fish.  I stick to the mostly rice filled, sauce topped rolls, and those did not disappoint.  The crispy spicy tuna, which probably wasn't sushi at all, was really good, as well as the Viva Las Vegas roll.  Service was good, and given the large party, they did a fine job.  Taking a look at the regular prices, I'd probably give them 3 stars, but for HH, they certainly earned the extra one.
4	A hidden gem on the strip, this is a great value for the quality of the food.  I love the sushi here, it's very fresh and not over priced.  Don't stay away from the rest of the menu though, there is tons of great food here for everybody.  If your not a Sushi fan, there is a full hot menu that you will find plenty to enjoy.
3	This place was okay, you can go somewhere else with better sushi. I think Ra has more Amercanized sushi than Japanese sushi since I come from a place with lots of authentic sushi restaurants. Most of the sushi on the menu doesn't contain raw fish, which is surprising since its called "Ra." My sister ordered the "Ra" llipop roll and I got the crunchy shrimp tempura roll. She did not like the roll, but my crunchy shrimp was fine. I have to say that their beef teriyaki bento box was really good. The meat had a really good sauce. They also had good service, which always makes things better.
3	quality of food here is not as good as Irvine location. Happy hour is a deal but some of sushi we ordered wasn't fresh and was basically all rice.
4	Always a fun place--we prefer the patio, even on the hottest days. It's in the shade. Check in on Foursquare for complimentary edamame appetizer.
2	The decor and atmosphere isn't so bad, it's a very upbeat environment, great place to go eat before you hit the clubs, cause the DJ pumps you up to party. However, can't say the same for the food. The sushi rolls are tiny and not good at all, way to pricey for what you get. They taste like supermarket sushi rolls. The server was nice but he constantly forgot about us. I like this sushi chain of restaurants but I will never go to the Vegas one again!
3	In the shadows of "the cloud" as it is known you will find RA a ultra hip, quasi-urban sushi spot.  For those that may not know "the cloud" is a massive (120'x480') structure that provides a shaded patio to the Fashion Show mall on the Strip.  This patio area remains quite cool even in the summer and provides an amazing opportunity for people watching.  The view from the patio seating at RA looks directly across the Strip at Wynn.  The music is a bit of a mystery, as RA is located directly beside a mexican restaurant that plays appropriate to theme music that competes with the fresh sounds provided by RA.The staff was a mediocre.  They are knowledgeable about their menu, but they aren't exactly going to go out of their way to make sure that you do.  If you are lucky you might get someone to smile in your general direction.The food is good, the menu selections vary quite dramatically.  If you are on the Strip, somewhere near Wynn and you want to take down some rolls or chugs a sake-bomb or three, RA might just be the spot for you.
1	I live here in Vegas and actually work right across the street so it is a convenient place to come and unwind after a hard days work.  Not so much...This was my first time here (thursday evening 6-7-12) and a friend suggested this place because he has been going here for years.  The service was completely horrible!  We sat at the side bar tables and it wasn't even busy.  Asked for Saki bombs and rudely the bartender said "we don't do saki bombs but you can do it yourself"  ok, no worries.  Ordered one dish...1 hour later, no food.  I kindly asked for the check and the bartender says "well if the food comes out now you need to pay for it."  I saw that she rang it in when i wanted the check and pretended that the kitchen screwed up but she actually forgot.All in all I think that I just got the wrong bartender and I will go again.  Everyone deserves a second chance.
1	I'm still here in the restaurant to write this review. This place SUCKS service is lacking and food I've had better. My serve Kalani forgot everything maybe it's time for a Career change.
3	Came here with my cousin during EDC weekend for a late lunch/early dinner. We hit happy hour-- score! I was starving so I may have went overboard ordering.We shared (even though most dishes were mine) California Roll, Seared Tuna, RA'kin Shrimp, Viva Las Vegas Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Crunchy Calamari Roll, and Spicy Salmon Roll.Seared Tuna was excellent- nicely sliced and great melt-in-your-mouth texture. My cousin and I kept dipping blander rolls with this sauce... RA'kin Shrimp was my favorite here! Panko-crusted HUGE pieces of juicy shrimp on a bed of greens with a tasty dipping sauce. If I ever come here for happy hour again, I'm gonna order 3 of these and be done with it!Viva Las Vegas Roll had a thinly sliced and fried lotus root on each piece but the cream cheese was so overpowering. Why do we need cream cheese on everything? Ugh. This was alright, but I'm not a huge fan of cream cheese on my rolls to begin with...Shrimp Tempura Roll... meh. Not crunchy at all. Soft and cold shrimp tempura with way too much rice. And it's not even good quality rice.Crunchy Calamari Roll was alright. Kind of same as the shrimp tempura roll, but this time, you hardly taste calamari and only the cream cheese. Again with the cream cheese! Spicy Salmon Roll was ok. Chopped up bits of salmon with a nice kick. The rice kind of ruined it, in my opinion.Overall, great happy hour prices and my cousin and I loved the seared tuna and RA'kin Shrimp. This chain is more Americanized sushi, but on the strip, we can't complain too much. At least we were beyond full and ready to party for EDC later that night!
5	The happy hour here is fantastic. The sushi too!  Our waitress was very attentive and gave good suggestions. The Viva Las Vegas roll is a must.  Looking forward to going back!!  $2 and $3 beers too!
3	I used to live in Las Vegas, and during that time I used to frequent RA.  As a visitor, I dine in once in a while.  However, I can't really say it's as good as it used to be. Rolls were good. Favorites were the spicy crispy tuna and the viva las Vegas roll. I came to RA a day before my birthday, and luckily they still gave me a complimentary dessert: deep fried tempura ice cream. It was a huge portion enough to share with 4 people. The cocktails are delicious. Snake bite was yummy. I'd definitely recommend this sweet, strong drink.  Waitresses were awesome, attentive and friendly - that's a plus.   Location was convenient - The Fashion Show Mall! Ambiance is black, red and dark. Very normal of hip Japanese trendy spots.
5	Calamari was to die for, beer & saki was excellent! Miguel was a perfect and most helpful waiter.
4	Came here on my last trip to Vegas, the rolls are pretty good, tasted pretty fresh. Our server was great too, we ordered a roll and she told us we could get it but in her opinion it was not that good, and she suggested another roll that had a lot of the same ingredients on it, and she was right it was really good. We asked her for one more suggestion a little later and that was good too. It felt like she really cared and was not just working for a tip.   The location is great too, it's at the Fashion Show Mall, which is right next to Treasure Island.
2	I personally wouldn't come back here again. The waiters were wonderful but the price I paid wasn't worth it. I felt like my sushi was meh and my miso soup tasted like it came out of a bag. Salty. gross.
2	I don't like this place.  Uninventive sushi, unexcited staff, and shitty lighting that makes it impossible to read the menu.  About the only plus is it's proximity to other things you'd want to do with tourist friends, and the fact that there's some decent eye candy to look at while eating.  I had two rolls here this weekend for dinner and my bill was almost as much as an AYCE joint off the strip.  I remember their happy hour being good, but outside of that, go elsewhere.  Oooh, try Sushisamba, that's much better.
3	The food is good and if you go during happy hour pretty reasonably priced as well. They have good cocktails, and I have been there twice and not had a problem with the service.However... I realize this is Vegas and all, but the night club atmosphere was terrible! Plus, even if by chance you did get drunk enough to want to dance in the middle of a restaurant there would be no where to do that, which is weird because the DJ was playing the music so loud you can't even have a conversation, so you would think they were trying to get you to dance.Overall, I would go back for happy hour, but try to sit outside to get away from the music.
4	The rolls are pretty boring, i had the lobster and shrimp roll and the rice is dry. Maybe next time I'll try something else. I usually go for rolls with raw fish, but i just can't right now because i'm pregnant. The bento box lunch special is good though, for $8, you get miso soup, salad, gyoza dumpling, egg roll, rice and your choice of meat. My server Lauryn is attentive and constantly checks on me, which is good. The sushi guys on the sushi counter are friendly and attentive.
3	The sushi was good.  The service was ok.  We couldn't keep track of who was serving us...there were so many coming and going.  We didn't like that different rolls we ordered were all coming at different times, instead of all at once.  We stayed at the Wynn so it was right across the street and we gave it a shot.
3	Okay....so I think the main reason people come here, the atmosphere!  It's a louder, more upbeat sushi bar....a little more swanky and the decor a little more modern, since it is on the strip.  So for ambiance, especially for a bachelorette party...I think it fits the bill.  The food however is not good for the price you are paying.  I ordered the sesame garlic chicken wings...and it was just salty on the outside without any real flavor to the chicken and most chicken wings have a nice crunch on the outside.  I also ordered the sashimi dinner combo with tuna/albacore/salmon/yellowtail.  While the portion is decent....the fish is not fresh....it was hard to eat the tuna/albacore/yellowtail because of how fishy it tasted.  The salmon was decent, but again there is definitely better sushi just down the road on spring mountain.  They do have happy hour, so I say if you want to give this place a try...come during happy hour to test the waters instead of paying full price for mediocre food.  The service was also lack luster, we all got our food at random times and we repeatedly had to ask if our food was still coming.  The only real perk of the restaurant is the ambiance if you have a bachelor or bachelorette party.
2	Cheap, poor quality sushi. Go if you just lost the rest of your money at the tables.
4	Great service! It was our last night of the trip and after the La Reve show, we needed something to eat and heard from a local that she like Bento box here and thought we would give it a try! We were in a sushi kick! We wanted something light as it was later than usual dinner time for us. We ordered the best of the best udon in the whole world--CLAM UDON! Let me tell you, I was in heaven! The broth was creamy and bisque-like and Clams were not from the can! The broth was on a salty side, but I love the saltiness of it! I cleaned the bowl! Sushi were great, we ordered Toro, Sake, Hamachi and the Citrus miso Hamachi was good, but not outstanding, I like the pure form of fish better.
1	I've been here quite a few times and all of my experiences have been very similar. First, the food: 4 Stars. Everything I've tasted is good! I'm a sucker for the Gojira roll and Boyfriend gets the Viva Las Vegas roll. The appetizers are tasty and the nigiri doesn't seem to disappoint. The tempura-fried ice cream is one of my all-time favorite desserts. However, I'd like a bit more bang for my buck. We know to come here when we're not super hungry, since we can't afford to stuff ourselves here. It's a nice date-night treat though. Second, the service: 3 Stars. It definitely leaves something to be desired. It's not that the waitresses are unfriendly; it's more an issue with the timing of the meal. It's not at all uncommon for one diner to have finished their roll before another diner receives theirs. Given that, in my case, all the food is ordered (and should be put into the kitchen) at the same time, it should all come out together. Even a delay of a couple of minutes is fine, but 15-20 minutes? Not acceptable.*For those of you doing the math and wondering why RA gets 1 star, not the 3.5 star average you'd assume based on the above, read on:There is one thing that RA could do to turn this 1 star review into a 4 star one. It's incredibly simple and won't cost them a dime. For the love of all things holy, TURN THE MUSIC DOWN! It's so loud that you have to yell in order to be heard by the person sitting next to you. It's obnoxious and serves no purpose. Loud music is great, but not when you're trying to have a nice dinner and, you know, speak to your dining buddy.All in all, despite actually wanting to go back (as I said, date-night treat!), we won't be returning until the music is turned down. It really, really kills what would otherwise be a perfectly wonderful dining experience. RA, please fix!!!
4	I'm giving this place 4 star because of location and convinces. It located at Fashion Show Mall, which is right next to Treasure Island. I wanted sushi on my last trip to Vegas, but didn't want to leave the strip. I ask a friend if there was any good sushi place on the strip and she suggested this place, but she said it kind of pricey. Lucky for me we came on a Sunday during Happy Hour and the prices were actually good. I give the food 3 Star. It was good, but nothing special. Lucky I came during happy hour cause I wouldn't think it worth the full price. However there presentation is worth 4 stars it nice and very elegant. We order most of the things on the Happy hour menu and they were all good. I wouldn't order the Sashimi because it wasn't worth the price we paid since it wasn't on the Happy Hour menu, but I like Sashimi, but what we got wasn't good. The place look very nice and hip. It a good place for a group of friends to hang out at. We had a table and later ask to be moved to the booth because the rest of our group hadn't show up yet and a booth was free. They moved us quickly and didn't have a problem with it. Services was good and everyone was nice. There was a DJ and if you wanted it to be less noisy you can sit out in the patio area where it more quited. I give there drinks a 4 Stars it was good and Strong and they have a lot of selection in drinks,  they are a little costly, but it is Vegas.
5	I love the mango roll's... Everything there taastes so fresh...I love sushi and I trust RA to make a fantastic meal for me...
4	I have been here a couple of time now and must say the place rocks.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is somewhat attentive.  If you like to try different types of sushi rolls this place is for you.  Sashimi is good too  Located by the Fashion Show Mall.
4	Missed the lunch special by a few minutes... Which in Las Vegas means it is happy hour. Great waitress, well versed in the menu. So good -- had spicy shrimp, edamame and a few other things, everyone was happy and it's cheap. I don't mean cheap by comparison - I mean CHEAP
5	I've been going to RA in Las Vegas and in Scottsdale for several years and it gets better all the time.  They offer one of the best Happy Hours around.  From 3-7pm and 10 pm-Midnight you get excellent drink and food specials.  Try the cold Kirin (22 oz) and hot sake (6 oz) for $7.  Then move on to many many food choices between $3-7.  Their Calamari Tempura (planks - not rings and tentacles) are the best I've had anywhere.  I also recommend the Crispy Spicy Tuna and Seared Tuna,  Their patio rocks so sit out there.  Best of all try to get Tracy as your server and you won't be disappointed.
3	Good sushi and best deals at lunch and happy hour! My favorites are the yummy tuna tacos and Vegas roll are to die for. The chirashi bowl is tasty lunch.
4	the slow service here should warrant a 2-star review, but where else can you get quality orders of nigiri sushi for $6 or less? i bought bottles of water more expensive than that in las vegas.  if you're looking for a good sushi dinner without breaking the bank, go here and just schedule an extra 30 mins into your evening to account for the fact that this restaurant needs another waiter or two... it will be worth it
3	I have never thought about coming to RA before my friend told me about their happy hour. It runs from 3-7 on the weekdays. They have dishes from $2-$7 and drinks from $4-$8. The service was spectacular for what we were looking for. Our waitress came around to take orders, clear plates, and then read the cues as to when to leave us alone. We were able to study and eat at the same time. The "RA-cking" Shrimp and the short ribs are the way to go. The shrimp comes in a generous portion, crisp on the outside, and tender on the inside. The dipping sauce is pure liquid crack. It goes well with everything. The rest of the items tend to be less imaginative or special. I tend to be conflicted with the idea of happy hours at sushi restaurants. A part of me would rather just go to an AYCE restaurant and have a larger selection, but RA was a good option for a more quiet place to sit back.
4	Happy Hour! Good eats, great deal.  Starts at 3pm i believe....
3	Loved the ambience friday night. Sat outside patio area our waitress was very helpful.  To start I had the Miso Hot soup, which took awhile to get and when it arrived it wasn't even that soup. So when I finally did get the soup it was delicious & spicy. Grabbed Two signature rolls Ra'ckin roll & Viva las vegas roll, I still crave it. Overall food took long but it was worth the wait.
4	We sat right on the strip. Great for people watching. Could not have been a better spot. Food was fantastic. Got recommendations from the waitress during happy hour 4-7pm. Many sushi rolls & drinks to choses from $5-$7. Liked all of it. Wish we would have found it sooner!
5	Great sushi, big portions. Friendly staff.
4	Countless great nights/weekends have started here.  Their afternoon happy hour is a great way to kick things off, I believe its from 4:30-7:00 Mon-Thurs.  Tons of great food and drink specials.  Sunday night they have a late night happy hour that starts around 9/10.  Food here is good, drink, HH is amazing and its on the strip!  What more could you ask for.
4	I always come here once a week great food but servers need to step up the service they would check on a table & go back to the computer station. Usually places they check up on all the tables. But other than that great looking females good for business making guys coming to eat with the ladies.
4	love this bartenders and happy hours. must stop when you sick paying too expensive drink at vegas!
2	Not so much. I had been looking forward to going to this sushi spot forever and it was a disappointment. I didn't care for the service or ambiance at all. It's 11am on a Friday--do we really need to blast Calvin Harris at nightclub-level volumes?I exaggerate, but it was loud for a place that had no business yet. The server was a woman around my age who knew that my table of females, ranging in age from 23-65, wasn't going to flirt with her to give her extra money. Water glasses sat empty, portions of the order were forgotten, and we weren't told about specials. Finally, it took around 30 minutes after we were done eating to get our check. Our server would ask a question, and before we would have time to answer, she would already be stepping away. We ordered a few rolls to share and vegetable tempura. The asparagus in the tempura was excellent, as was the avocado mini-roll, but everything else (coupled with the less-than-stellar service) was just meh. We left without much of an inkling to go back. Sorry, Ra, you failed to win me over!
2	Here for happy hour, it's mediocre at best. The cocktails are way to sweet.  The shrimp tempura roll was cold and soggy.  The gyoza were okay but only luke warm.  The pacific roll was good and the service was friendly.
4	Love Sushi...sometimes understaff....Like the live & dj Music...
5	It was my first time eating sushi at this place Loved loved loved it!!  Great prices and happy hour 3-7 is the best!! Also had excellent service ! Can't wait to go back again!
2	The short ribs and the king crab sushi dish were good. Everything else was way below par. The wings sucked, The tare tare was straight up DISGUSTING. Only  coming back here for short ribs and sushi...
2	This place has an awesome atmosphere, but the food it's very good. First off, my rolls had more rice and vegetable then fish. To be honest, I really didn't taste much lobster at all in my "mango lobster." The other roll was the "zonie" and it was much of the same. Didn't taste much of the salmon.
5	My favorite sushi in Vegas and anywhere else for that matter!  I come for the happy hour specials, you can't beat them!  And the sushi is delicious!      Great atmosphere, service, presentation, location and price!
3	This is one of my favorite happy hour places. They have awesome specials!! Kirin and sake for $7, spicy Asian chicken wings for $5, and my fav is the pacific roll for $5!! The fried tempura ice cream is huge and is perfect for sharing. Everything is yummy and comes to your table pretty quickly. The servers are super nice. Jackie was our waitress today and she was super patient when my friend and I were indecisive with our order. Other than happy hour, I wouldn't come here normally. It's on the strip, so it's pricey, especially for sushi that's just ok. I will be back again. You can pay a lot less for sushi somewhere else.
5	Love this place! Been here twice, once about 4 years ago, and then again last week. The Sushi is great, the Sushi chefs are a riot, the atmosphere is great, the service is good. They even brought us this AMAZING dessert for our anniversary, and we ended up eating almost the whole thing because it rocked! We ordered two tall beers, two hot sake's, about 3-4 rolls, an app and 4 pieces of sushi, and paid about $72.00, which is very reasonable and inexpensive for sushi and what we ordered, especially on the strip. If we do come back to Vegas, we will visit again, highly recommend!
2	The ginger dressing salad was the best thing there. All the other stuff is just ok and seemed kinda cheap. After trying the appetizers, I chose to skip the sushi. The staff really tries but I think that there is not much to get excited about at this place. It's dark in there and probably brings them down. Not going back. Much better places in vegas.
4	Service was a little off, not as fast and she kept forgetting things, but luckily they have food runners so someone else brought our food out, which was awesome! we had the catipillar roll, philladelphia, and the ra'kin shrimp appetizer. AMAZINGGG definitely going back. ;D
3	Okay sooo, my sisters and I spent 12 days in Vegas this past December, and we ended up eating here twice because it was just that good.  The happy hour is unbeatable, and the drinks (although a little weak) are pretty tasty.  The only problem I had was that it was kept really cold inside, and the waitress during our second visit was a complete B word (use your imagination). I really couldn't care less about how poor her attitude was though bc we all got our fill on yummy soups, rolls , seaweed salad, and hot tea.  I was treating my sisters for our last night in town the second time around and I only paid 45$ for all three of us. Not bad.
2	Went here to meet a friend who lives here in Vegas while visiting. I was a bit worried after reading the various reviews. When we first walked in I was thrown by the loud music but soon they began playing more familiar toons. Somehow when the music is familiar it doesn't seem so loud. We started with edamame which was pretty good. It was steamed just right and not soggy plus they used those nice flakes of salt. Next came the miso soup and again yummy. Unfortunately from there the meal was just so so. I had the shrimp tempura bento box, and he had the chicken teriyaki bowl. We shared the ultimate shrimp roll. The food honestly was just bland.  Those who know me will be amazed to hear me say that as I tend to like blander foods.  The sushi roll was nothing spectacular and really not rolled very well. The shrimp and bento box was just so so and I was disappointed that they had no sweet n sour or duck sauce. Even acted like I was daft for asking for it. Those who joined us got a couple of rolls and felt it was so so too. They got the spicy salmon roll and asked for a new one as there was no spice taste at all. The service was so so. It wasn't terribly so there was no reason they didn't check on us a bit more. Basically they just seemed a bit nonchalant about it all. Honestly I'd skip this place. There must be better sushi places in Vegas.
2	Nothing to brag about. I have had better sushi at a hole in the wall. The price by no mean comes close to the quality. I use to go here for lunch when I lived in Vegas but it was mostly out of convenience than the food. The service for my one dinner here was terrible and it wasn't the company I was with it was the horribly slow movement of the kitchen and the wait staff. Forty-Five minutes for an order of salmon sushi, really? How about the 20 minutes after that when I got my main dish, dear god I spent more time waiting than eating. This chain needs to rethink their employment strategy for this location.
5	Allow me to say "Yum" with a capital Yummy! I always enjoy this place. Great happy hour specials and great views of patio seating and strip! Bartenders are sweet as pie, attentive and very helpful with menu questions.Nice music, not to loud, not to soft!
4	Can be pricey...like most places on the strip.  But if you go for happy hour its pretty reasonable.  Best pacific roll I've had.
3	The food was alright. I had Ra when I still lived in Chicago at the Glenview location. For some reason, I think the Glenview location had a better Vegas Roll. The shrimp and lobster roll was pretty good though. Very expensive. I miss the Glenview location's happy hour where there were price drops on the sushi.
1	Came here hungry and was looking forward to great sushi however the service was terrible!!!! We came in waited five minutes for a table for two when there were five open tables available. After speaking to the manager he blames the fact that they are under staffed? In las vegas? on the strip? really cmon! Very terrible customer service!!!!!!!!!!!! I would not reccomend this sushi place while visiting las vegas! Management was terrible
5	I really should have left a review prior to now. Don't be mad at me.RA at Fashion Show mall has been a staple happy hour spot for me since 2010! Happy hour pricing is from 3pm-7pm and then again late night. The happy hour prices are so cheap and our group consumes an insane amount of food for a really reasonable tab. We usually order the following from the happy hour menu:-sake-beer (Kirin Light)-wine-RAckin shrimp-seaweed salad-cucumber salad-edamame-salmon nigiri (at least 5 orders)-spicy yellowtail roll-Las Vegas roll-vegetable tempura-sesame chicken wings-short ribs-tempura fried ice cream (not on happy hour menu, but so amazing with chocolate and cinnamon you have to order it anyway)Regular time (non-happy hour) pricing is comparable to the rest of the sushi places found on the strip, but the happy hour here cannot be beat. Granted, service can be slow at times but as long as you're not in a rush, RA at Fashion Show is definitely enjoyable.
1	are you kidding? you can't call yourself a sushi restaurant. we ordered several rolls . sashimis, spicy miso soup, teriyaki chicken bento for my son and some salads. the rice on the rolls were seasonless. the fish used on the rolls were so thin and insignificant that it was just rice balls. the shrimp was so over cooked and rubbery as well as the chicken teriyaki. I will not eat here again.sorry
2	Came for lunch, half empty and service was attentive.  Can't complain like some of the other reviews. BUT food is really mediocre.  Ordered their signature and expensive Gojira roll. Thought with a name like that the roll must be huge and stuffed with fish.  WRONG!  Roll was tiny and literally had a smear of spicy tuna.  Really stinky small roll totally not worth the price.  The maguro sashimi seemed fresh, but all the rest of our lunch was really mediocre.  Disappointed overall and would not suggest it unless you absolutely have no other choice.
2	Good service, poor food. I went for happy hour before departing Vegas. Happy hour prices for food & drink are reasonable. Nice waitress too.The food. Soggy sweet cucumber sunimono salad. Tuna sushi - not fresh tasting. Yellow tail sushi tasting rice not seasoned well.Spicy yellow tail roll - pretty good."Crab"/eel roll - sweet and poor quality. Not all real crab and just a bad marriage of flavors. Saki - not hot.Nice location, good people watching, crummy sushi.
4	I haven't come to Ra sushi in many years.  I didn't realize they have an amazing happy hour every single day from 3pm-7pm.  We met up with some friends here this last Saturday for Happy Hour and got a table outside.  It was so nice and perfect.The service was a little spotty and our server seemed a bit annoyed with us, I guess considering we are loud and order a lot of food and drinks constantly.  We ordered a variety of items off of the menu, and all of it was really good.  I orderd a couple of pieces of salmon nigiri and the fish tasted fresh.  We also kept the drinks coming.  $5 cold sake bottles!  My goodness, I got in trouble quick!  It's a great little spot to do happy hour with friends and people watch.  If you're not in a big rush, because service can be slow, then it's definitely a fun place.
3	Food was great. But service was very slow. The atmosphere was amazing!
4	Nice atmosphere and pretty casual, service was fast, but it took some time for the food to come.Came here for lunch around 3, not crowded at all, plenty of space, really great for outings with friends!Ordered "Holy Shishito Chicken" and "Chicken Katsu Bento". Both of which were very tasty! The shishito chicken being spicy chicken pieces with peppers, bell peppers, and onions, good to share with a friend. The Bento box came with a salad and miso soup, in the bento itself was more salad, katsu chicken with dipping sauce, rice, eggroll and cream cheese dumpling. I completely recommend these two dishes!Other then that, there is good selection from the menu and drinks as well ;)
3	RA seemed like a legit sushi restaurant while we were sitting in our hotel room, craving sushi. We opted to wait a bit and head over to catch their reverse happy hour (10 pm-close). The interior is nicely dimmed and has a cozy feeling. There was a good vibe in there and thank god it was not noisy and hectic. Getting away from the crazy loud Vegas life to enjoy a meal was refreshing.Ordered off the happy hour menu. Wasn't too impressed with what I saw on there so I figured I'll go with what I know and keep it decent. From what I saw around my table, rolls were slightly small, my rainbow roll was just okay. The albacore was probably the best dish I sampled. Honestly, nothing was too memorable for me and same goes for my friends.On  a good note... service was phenomenal, even hooked me up with a sake on the house. BUT, their idea of a large sake, is weaaaaaakkk. That's a small ass bottle my friend. A quiet, chill, not too stuffed but sorta buzzed evening gives my experience at RA a solid 3 stars.
3	With Ra being the only sushi restaurant near our hotel, this was definitely a place we wanted to check out when we were suddenly bit by the sushi bug. Once we walked in, I immediately loved the atmosphere. All the hanging red orbs brightened up the otherwise dark room.The hostess was very inviting and made us feel right at home. My girlfriend and I ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll, which is alright. I wasn't much of a fan of the crispy piece on top due to that fact that it got stuck on in my teeth and didn't add any flavor. On the other hand, we also ordered the crispy onion albacore which was delicious. I also really like how they plate their food. The presentation was beautiful and makes me not want to eat it and instead, frame it on my wall. The happy hour wasn't that great and prices for some rolls were pretty up there, especially for the Viva Las Vegas roll which didn't do anything for me.Sadly for my friend, he was duped by the server that took care of us. When asking what we good, the server insisted that the Asian crispy tacos were amazing and would highly recommend it. Keep in mind my friend eats anything and everything...even cheap Uni from Kula sushi.  When he got his order, he absolutely hated it. I'm not sure if it was just him but for a recommendation, I would expect the server to offer an item to appeal to everyone.Presentation, hostess, and atmosphere was definitely a plus. Server recommendation, sushi, and the price is a hit and miss.
4	I literally have not been here for years but my cousin is in town and she wanted a California Roll. LOL. SO I thought of RA because I knew it wouldn't be overly expensive and Hunnie Bunnie was rollin with us. We got there before happy hour was over, and we were sat in the dining room. I ordered the White Sake Sangria was was very tasty. Angie had her California roll which she seemed to love and we shared some Shishito Peppers and Spicy Sesame Chicken Wings and Edamame. Everything was great! Hunnie Bunnie had some Miso Soup and a big ass bowl of Udon Noodles. The only things is, if the Udon Noodles had BROTH in it, it would have been a little better I think but otherwise, no complaints! I used to come here ALL THE WAY waaaaaaaaaaaay back for happy hour - it's a great spot on the strip for some cheap, GOOD eats, and the service was good as well. NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE LIKE IIIIIIIIIIIIIICE!!!
4	I totally love this place.  They have an interesting selection of rolls that are actually reasonably priced! The Pacific Roll was the table's favorite, jalapenos, tuna, avocado, yum. We also really loved the Dynamite Scallop roll, lots of meat in the rolls.  I actually prefer this place to Nobu. There. I said it.
1	Ate here last night.   After having a fabulous dinner at Ra in San Diego, my wife and I took our daughter here for what we expected to be a terrific dining experience.  Our server took our order for appetizers and drinks and that was the last good or tmely action.  The calamari tempura appetizer was tasty and enough to share.  My daughter ordered edamame but got miso soup (we finally did get the edamame).  We ordered some sashimi (salmon and yellowtail).  Our server said the salmon was super fresh.  Neither appetizer looked or tasted fresh.  The yellowtail was mushy and swimming in wasabi sauce (again, out server told us it was not very spicy when we ordered).  The salmon was likewise, soft and mushy.  We had a lobster and shrimp roll that was mediocre and saturated in what seemed to be mayonnaise....yech!  We ordered a second round of drinks (one beer and two wines) which didn't come until we had finished the meal.  One order of sashimi never came and our server had to be reminded...he finally brought it when we were ready for our check.  During the evening, we had a difficult time finding our server....we finally asked another server to locate him.  This happened three times during the 90 minutes we were there.  My beer was served in the bottle with the label still partially wrapped around the neck (Stella Artois) instead of offering me a glass.This was NOT the Ra experience we had in San Diego and we heartily recommend that you find a different sushi/sashimi restaurant when you're in Las Vegas.
4	We were craving something light and decided to try this place.  I love a good sushi and sashimi plate, and there were plenty of items on the menu to pick from.  We decided to do some of the small share plates and were not dissappointed.  We ordered a total of 6 items, and all were very fresh and tasty.  The sauces we tried were outstanding.  The service was extremely good....very friendly, efficient and sincere.  Definitely would eat here again....
3	Consistent, decent sushi.  I am never WOW'd here, but also never disappointed. Service is always good.
2	I had the standard nigiri sushi assortment. Not impressed. The loud music was distracting, but this is Vegas. There isn't a whole lot to say about so-so sushi. This place seems like it's popular because it's overlooking the strip and it has a rep for a good happy hour. Maybe my expectations were too high.
2	The sushi was good enough - nothing to blow your mind but good enough that I would possibly consider a return trip if I was regularly in the area.  But the service was pretty terrible.  Our server was pretty clueless about our menu questions, and he rarely checked in.  He was at a level at which I thought he was new, but it didn't seem like he was shadowing or that anyone was helping, so perhaps not.I considered giving them a 3 star based on the food and reasonable prices during happy hour, but you can find such better service on the Strip.  They would have earned it with a different server, no doubt!One shining moment from our visit  - Try the Emperor's Cucumberita -  yum!
1	Ate here last year and had a terribly inattentive, condescending server and the food was just okay.  We asked for them to omit some spicy tuna from one of their specialty rolls and he gave us so much attitude about it we almost left.I was back in town again this week and gave RA another try for dinner with a group of 5.  First  of all, it is WAY too loud in there.  The music is turned up so high, we had to scream at each other just to have a conversation.  As soon as we sat down, they turned the lights down so low we could not read the menus.  Luckily, we are A/V techs working in town and we all had our flashlights handy.   You would think seeing a table full of flashlights would clue them in to turn the lights up again, but no such luck.We had already been waiting quite a while when our waitress came and asked us if we would mind waiting some more so she could finish with another table.  When she finally got our table going, our beers were served warm (it was 110 degrees outside) and we had to ask for glasses for them.  When she took the food order, she couldn't hear one end of the table. After shouting back and forth with bad results, we had to suggest she come around to the other end of the table so she could hear us better.  The worst part came when the entire group had been served, except for one of us.  When we inquired about this she said - and this is verbatim - 'If we waited to bring it out until it was all ready, the fish would go bad'.  We also received our appetizer AFTER we had finished our meal, with no apology or explanation. If the food was amazing I would say putting up with all this was tolerable, but it just isn't.  The servings are skimpy and there is more rice than anything else in most rolls.  Their specialty rolls are not even served with wasabi or ginger.  The failed mexi-japanese fusion menu is more flash than fish.  I sincerely hope the owners and management have more experience expediting a kitchen than our experience indicated, or that the waitress seemed to be aware of.  I've never heard such a ridiculous excuse for guests not being served at the same time.  Never, ever again.
4	Cool atmosphere. Yummy mixed drinks, which a lot of sushi/japanese places don't have.I don't do beer or sake, so this was great for me.Decent rolls and the tuna and avocado salad was deeeelisshhh.
5	This place is great! The sushi is to die for! I really wish they would open one is Los Angeles. If you go try their Viva Las Vegas Roll and the Gojira Roll. They are out of this world good. The mushroom miso was a little weird because it was really not miso-ey (if that makes any sense). Also, if you go on a Sunday they have a DJ and their happy hour is amazing. I love happy hour and this is by far one of my favorites in Vegas. If you are staying at the Wynn it is directly across the street. So make sure you give it a try. I would definitely  recommend giving this place a try.
3	When you get a deal its so easy to overlook the obvious flaws of a place. Sushi Ra is a just that A good deall! They have a happy hour from 3-7p mon to sat and reverse happy hour from 10-1p. It's decent sushi on the strip. It's far enough away from chaos so it feels pretty chill especially after the mall has closed. There is a nice outdoor patio playing some techno but it mixes into the music playing at the adjacent restaurant which was Latin based so that's a little distracting. Service is a little bit of a challenge but I guess its a "get what you pay for kinda place"!All I can say is come for the deal. It comes with free Las Vegas people watching and The Wynn's big screen if you're really bored.
3	This place has sort of redeemed itself, but only because of the awesome bartender.It's been about a year since I was last at Ra, and they sent me a $20 half birthday coupon.  Can could I turn down free food?  Stopped by to grab a couple rolls and notice they remodeled their place.  It's definitely better, as I can now actually read my menu at the bar unlike before (it was too dark).Hands down, I caught a good day as Lauryn the bartender only works one day a week.  She is awesome.  Friendly but doesn't take her job too seriously, and was witty enough to ask me if my sushi was "uninventive" after I quoted my own Yelp review 10 minutes earlier.One nice addition is reasonably priced craft beers.  I had a Lagunitas Little Sumpin' for $5.50, which was definitely unexpected.  The two rolls I had were the Spicy Lobster Roll and the Zonie Roll.  The sushi was still just OK, but pretty unmemorable.  I'm still going to stick to my local AYCE spots for the same price as 2 1/2 rolls.
4	We came to Ra at Fashion Show Mall for reverse happy hour on a Wednesday night. It was pretty slow, and we were able to snag a two top on the patio for some prime people watching. Our server was prompt and friendly without being overbearing. Even though it was slow, our sushi order took about 20-30 minutes to come out. We had a few drinks and didn't really mind the wait, but our server brought us some free edamame anyways. I've been to a few different Ra restaurants in the Phoenix area, but this was by far the best experience. Reverse happy hour runs from 10-close during the week. There were dozens of drinks and food options on the menu, ranging from $2.75-7.75 per item. We had some pretty standard rolls (spicy salmon, shrimp, yellowtail). They weren't anything mind blowing, but hit the spot and were decently priced. The yakitori chicken came with three skewers; the teriyaki sauce was bland, and the meat was a little tough. Same for the seared ahi tapas.Bottom line: our bill came to just under $50 on 5 items, two vodka drinks and two bud lights. Not the place for sushi connoisseurs, but a good inexpensive alternative to pricey restaurants on the strip. The people watching is superb.
4	Food was BOMB. So yummy and such good happy hour prices! Would have gotten five stars if it weren't for our server who was borderline comatose.  We ordered food, drinks and appetizers all at once (hey we were hot and hungry!) Waitress bumbles around for like 5 minutes carrying our food before she sees us again. No, we haven't moved, still right here.  She drops off our appetizers and asks us if there's anything we need. Um... drinks? Waters? Please? Oh... sure, sorry. She goes over to the bar and picks them up where they have evidently been sitting for a while.  We start happily noshing and the food is so good, just what we needed after a long day at a pool party :) We ask our waitress for soy sauce because there's none on our table. Instead of grabbing one from another table, she randomly wanders off for 5 minutes only to return empty handed again. SOY SAUCE PLEASE. It's sushi! You need soy sauce! Oh, right. She gets some from the sushi bar.  Anything else? We politely ask for some glasses, she delivered our sake bottle with no glasses and there are 4 of us.  Glasses? she asks. Yes. For the sake. Oh... you mean like... oh. Ok just a minute. We literally just stared at each other in disbelief. Maybe before Ra hires people they should make them actually eat a sushi dinner first, so that the servers are aware of what normally accompanies such a meal (soy sauce, drinks, glasses, chop sticks).  haha I know I'm being bitchy, it was probably her first day or something, but jeez. Food was so good tho, def will come back!
5	First off let me start off by saying that im a local and I work on the strip as a waitress . I have become a huge yelp fan only because I feel like people use yelp to just complain about thing's . When in reality I feel like the only reason why I will ever write a review and even bother is to give the place some credit. Im not a big sushi person but my girls are so anytime they want sushi we come here they get sushi and I get miso soup, cucumber kimche and other aps. I absolutely love this place . Everyone is so nice ... the hostesses are always sooo polite . My fav bartender is Francisco he is so much fun. I had a bad waiter once but I asked to get a different server and didn't let him ruin my experience. .. happy hour here is the best !! I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;
2	Ok so this is a sushi bar right? the salads and the regular menu was bigger than their sushi menu.  There was regular basic rolls and sashimi but very few specialty rolls.  I had the spicy tuna and one of their must have rolls, the Tootsy Maki.  The spicy tuna really lacked any kick as I like spicy, and the tootsy maki was supposed to have sauce on it and it was skimpy at best.  The kids got crab and cream cheese and it all fell apart and was just average.  The other child got sashimi and it came with radish noodles which was a nice dish.  Then the other mother got the tuna salad and it was nice but didn't seem anything special as limited tuna in it and a basic salad with tuna on top.  The service was average as we had to ask for drink refills but she did check twice to see if we needed anything. I did have to ask for more ginger twice as well and we had to ask for chopstix helpers for the kids when most places offer if they have them.  The waitress was good answering questions though when she took our order but she hadn't tried and couldn't recommend the dishes we were asking about.  The place was convenient as we were in the mall for the new Disney store but it wouldn't be my first pick for sushi where i would crave going back. I try to do sushi once a week but with sushi in the title of the restaurant i felt let down by their selection and the experience, especially for the price. Gave two stars as convenient if at fashion show, good view if sit outside and the food wasn't bad just not anything to stand out
1	Over all was a BAD SERVICE!!. I will never go back to this place again. First of they took forever to come and get my order, so I finally ordered- the server deliver my food and only to find out my other food was not available after waiting for a long time. Why did she not ask me if I wanted to pick another one from the menu. She never came back to ask me if everything's ok and not even refill my water. So finally Im done eating they gave me the check again Im sitting there forever just waiting for my server to get my check I tried to get the other server attention but they keep ignoring me. The place was not busy and theres a lot of employees standing around but refuse to make eye contact with me because its not theyre table and my server I can see her from my table she was just hanging in the back by the register. So I have to stand up and approach a server which try to pretend he cant see me so I have to come to him right in his face so I can pay my check. It was such an awful experience that I will never recommend this place to anyone.
3	My wife, mom, and two daughters and I had dinner here last night after getting their Halloween costumes at the new Disney store in the Fashion Show Mall.This was not our first choice, but we all had a good time.  The food was great.  The kids enjoyed chicken katsu and rice, and the table shared miso soup, terryiaki chicken, wantons with pineapple/cream cheese, Gyoza, baked scallops, vegas roll, lobster/shrimp roll, and shrimp tempura rolls.  The food was good.The problem with this place is the music.  Way to LOUD.  In fact, I think they are an OSHA violation away from being closed down; their employees could file a complaint.  When we arrived, the music was so loud I could not talk to the person sitting next to me without shouting.  I guarantee the music is over the decibels allowed by law.Not kid friendly, but kid doable.
4	I only come here for their Happy hour. They have a great Happy hr. They have a RA sushi in Vegas as well... I hit that happy hour up too. lol! They are one of the rare places that has happy hr on the weekend. Service and food is overall good.
5	I make an effort to come here every time I'm in town.  It is so worth it the HH menu has really good portions of food for the price.  I recommend the calamari and the sushi rolls.
5	Best Happy hour 3-7 Mon-Sat and get the 22oz Kirin and small sake for $7.75. Salmon carpaccio was nice and Vegas roll. Can't go wrong with the tuna Tataki and rainbow roll for $7.75 each during HH.
5	This review is only for the happy hour. I cannot imagine there being a better happy hour in Vegas than the one at Ra. The quality of sushi they are serving for the prices is unbelievable. Given the high prices of everything in Vegas especially on the strip we were thrilled to come across this place. We went right when the happy hour started and stayed a good 2 hours. The Umami punch for $14 was the best drink deal we encountered on our trip. We sat right at the sushi bar so service was great.We sampled a bunch of different items from their happy hour menu and did not have anything that I disliked. Below is what we tried:Pineapple Cheese Wontons 5/5Cucumber Sunomono 4/5California Roll 4/5Spicy Sesame Chicken Wings 4/5Garlic Citrus Yellowtail 5/5Tootsy Maki 4/5Vegetarian Roll 4/5Cinnamon Tempura Gelato 5/5If you are looking for a good meal and to have a few drinks I highly recommend coming here for happy hour. We had a great time, had a nice buzz, full tummy and really enjoyed our experience at this location.
3	So many pros & cons. Where to start!The scallop surprise appetizer was amazing! A must try.I also had the ahi tuna tacos, which were very tasty. I had a coupon from the e-mail club, otherwise it's unlikely that I would ever eat here. The music is obnoxious, and there are always some people who had too much to drink. Ra needs to open a second, low key location in the Burbs away from the craziness of the Strip for locals to enjoy.
2	When I sat down I noticed my tiny plate had old wasabi crust on it,but no worries I was politely given another one.Well I liked this place because It is a really convenient area. It's a great place to come  after shopping with your friends. The sushi (I think it was called the Mango roll) I got tasted like salsa. the bento boxes are filling and have authentic Japanese flavor. I have had better sushi compared to this place. The only positive thing about this place is the area.
5	Viva Las Vegas roll is the best ! And the strawberry lemonade is bomb .. Best place to go for happy hour. Can't beat the price, especially on the strip.
3	food was just okay but our bartender/server Miguel was super.  He was very attentive and he asked if our drinks were strong enough.  He was willing give us extra liquor.
4	Great place to sit and watch the magic happen with the rolls. Tried all the fruity drinks. Great! The place doesn't get a 5 star  because of its lack of attention to detail. Chairs a little sticky and lopsided. I noticed some residue on the glasses and sent back a plate that was smeared with something. They try hard but seems like they could be lacking on some experienced management.
3	I went there twice while I was in Vegas.  The first time I tried two rolls -- the vegas roll and another one I forgot the name of.  They looked nice and they were really creative (especially the vegas roll), they tasted okay.  Pretty good, but not great -- it didn't seem like the freshest quality and the texture of the rice was a bit off, like a bit hard maybe?  I do love their menu and the fact that they have such unique rolls, extensive and creative appetizers as well.  The only appetizer I got to try was their calamari, which was thick and yummy, since they were out of their cream cheese pineapple pot stickers.What I really love about this restaurant is the bar!  I definitely recommend going during happy hour and getting drinks and maybe a roll or appetizers.  They have an extensive cocktail menu with plenty of fruity and sweet drinks, martinis, frozen drinks, sake, and even about a dozen flavored bombers. I loved the red white and blue bomb and the lychee saketini.  The unami punch is pretty good but insanely strong! I enjoyed a few other drinks there but I forgot the names!  I'll definitely give this place a 3rd chance next time I'm in LV.
1	Slowest service ever. !!! Waited almost an hour for our food during lunch with 7 other tables in restaurant. Not quite sure why but as a GM of another restaurant i would be embarrassed
4	Not sure you can find a better deal for lunch!My wife and I dined at Ra for lunch three days in a row because it was very hard to beat the sushi quality and great value.  The staff are very kind and accommodating.  Definitely not the case at many restaurants on the strip.  The ambiance is nice, clean, and the music was outstanding.Every day, I ordered the sashimi lunch for $12 dollars.  It comes with 12 big pieces of sashimi (salmon, hamachi, and maguro) and rice, a miso soup, and salad.  How can you beat that?  The sushi was fresh and well prepared.  I also tried some of their rolls.  They were great.  We capped the meal off with mochi.  Delicious.I highly recommend Ra for lunch.  For dinner, you may want to hit one of the fancier sushi restaurants on the Strip.  However, for value, Ra is a homerun for lunch and likely for dinner too.
4	Nice atmosphere, good sushi, and great sake bombs! Oh...and I love the music!
3	Boy oh boy was the service slow....miserably slow, especially considering the place was empty on a Saturday for lunch and our waitress seemed to have only 3 tables to attend to.  Granted my friend and I were hungover and time was moving quite slowly, but wowww things were slow. We started off with waters to help with the hangovers and put in a few orders for apps to hold us over until some other friends joined us - turned out they were too hungover to move and never managed to make it, but thats another story.   The apps took a long time to come out, but eventually we were munching away and somewhat happy.   Then we placed our entree orders.  We both went with a lunch special which was nicely priced and probably the only good thing I have to say about RA.   Then my friend fell asleep... that's literally how long it took them to get our miso soups out (aren't these already made and just need to be heated up??) and then fell asleep again before our entrees came out - and these were not complex entrees!    Geez, imagine if I had to come here for lunch on my lunch break from work - I'd probably be fired by the time I got back to work!   Anyways - food was ok, and at this point our waters had long run dry.... I pretty much had to beg for a refill.   All in all, the price was cheap and that left my wallet happy, although personally I left annoyed and swearing off any other RA location!
5	Because of its prime location across from the Wynn on the north end if the strip it would be so easy for this place to take advantage of the tourist traffic. Instead, RA offers a reasonably priced, extensive menu featuring some inventive and tasty offerings. Try the RA- llipop ( a skewered sushi roll). The cocktails are outstanding! I enjoyed three. The staff is friendly. The atmosphere is nightclub classy with some outdoor seating overlooking the mall and Las Vegas Blvd.
3	This sushi place was just okay. My gf and I wanted to go shopping and were super hungry! The only sushi place that showed up near us with a decent dollar sign was this one. Like all Vegas restaurants, the food is pricy. What makes restaurants in Vegas so good is that they are ALL suppose to taste good...especially if the ambiance looks fancy! RA Sushi Bar was just decent. I wasn't wow-ed away by any of the sushi rolls my gf and I shared. We got 3 rolls: RA Lollipop: It was basically wrapped in rice paper with raw fish on the inside. I wasn't a fan of the sauce it came with because it enhanced the fish taste when I dipped it in. The presentation was nice. It rolls came on a stick so that it could emulate the "lollipop" look. Lobster Shrimp Roll: Couldn't really find the lobster or taste the lobster flavor in this roll. It seemed more like of a California roll topped with shrimp. Not only that if you dip the roll in the pesto sauce it comes with, the sauce overpowers the flavor so you couldn't have been able to tatse the lobser with the pesto taste covering it. Also the shrimp wasn't a bright pink color like I am used to. It looked kinda dead... Viva Las Vegas Roll: Honestly the best thing about this roll was the eel sauce it was drenched with. That's about it! Okay sushi place, I've had better!
1	RA has fast-food quality sushi. It used to be a little better years back, but the quality keeps slipping. Still, their happy hour has some value. Yet, my one star has nothing to do with the food (which still is only a 2 in its own right). On my last visit, our table of seven requested to have one of the two TVs turned to a sporting event of our choosing. Yet, it was readily apparent that the manager was far too interested in a certain football game to change the channel. (It was also apparent that no one else was watching TV in the joint - the place was empty.) Upon a second request, the manager changed the channel of the second TV which was farther away from our table and obstructed. I am perfectly fine with not getting a TV changed if another customer requested something else before me. Yet, when it is an employee - let alone a manager - who prefers something else, they are probably in the wrong profession. Add to all of this that there were seven of us in an otherwise dead restaurant. Simply pathetic.
4	Yummy!! This place is kinda pricey but its really good with great service.  They also have excellent cocktails!
4	Sushi!. Yum so good. Drinks excellent. Service nice and cordial. Definitely recommend the Asian Chicken wings. Sesame garlic. Delicious.Out of the roll selection my favorites. Caterpillar roll and Las Vegas. Drinks in general are good. Although I am specially partial to Sake!.
4	I've been to Ra many times but finally decided to write a review. They consistently have one of the best happy hours in Vegas! I highly recommend the Viva Las Vegas roll, the crispy rice with spicy tuna, and the garlic yellowtail sashimi. So bomb! The salmon carpaccio is ok.Here's a hint: check in on Foursquare and get a free miso soup or order of edamame!I will be back soon.
3	Decided to try this place on a whim. It has a nice atmosphere and service was great. I ordered salmon sashimi and it was very fresh. They also had fresh wasabi - a must with good sushi. The rest of my order was blah. Spicy lobster roll was bland and I couldn't even tell there was lobster in it. The spicy salmon tacos tasted fishy and had very little sushi and too much guacamole. The ra chips and salsa was way too sweet and just not good. I ate at the sushi bar which has crumbs and drips from prior customers. It wasn't all bad, but I won't come back.
4	I am no sushi pro, but I can taste the difference in raw fish when its high quality and fresh.  Why this place has any reviews under 3 stars is shocking to me. If the parking situation and prices were lower it would be an easy 5. So basically if this spot wasn't on the strip it would be ideal to me. Although I did enjoy the outdoor seating which included plenty of good people watching. (Fun times at the fashion show mall on Christmas eve) But overall, I had a wonderful experience. To start, we (my sister and I) decided to check out the all day happy hour they offered on the holiday. They did this both Black Friday and Christmas eve, so I am guessing this is a normal holiday or shopping day thing for Ra. Our other halves don't do sushi, so we enjoy exploring new places. The menu pricing seemed high, so all day happy hour was the perfect opportunity. We began our meal with a garlic sesame style edamame. No doubt about it I will order this every single time I come. Why places have not been doing this forever is the real question!We went with a couple classics like a philly roll and shrimp tempura. The tempura roll came with asparagus, Total win to me. I also ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll. A mix of many things topped with spicy crab and a crunchy wheel. I can't even explain it. Just trust that this is the roll you DO NOT want to miss! It started to get cold after the sun wasn't in view anymore so I ordered a Miso HOT! soup. It came out in a rod iron steel type bowl and had shrimp and green beans in it. I will come back for this alone. (well and that amazing edamame!) I really wanted to try the hot mess balls as well. A spicy tuna, jalapeno, deep fried ball type thing. Not too sure what it is, but I will be finding out soon! Also the white sangria was super sweet, and the Cucumber Collins was a perfect afternoon. refreshing, nice buzz but not too strong type of drink. Although they didn't give us the happy hour discount on the sangria. We didn't complain because the difference was only $1.75. The real happy hour specials are the rolls.Also, if you're not into sushi they had many shrimp options, and even a couple beef and chicken dishes. I would suggest trying it during one of their many happy hours!
4	We had the Viva Las Vegas roll which I HIGHLY recommend, as well as the spicy lobster roll and mango roll. All 3 rolls were great, but the waitress failed to tell us there would be a $1 extra charge for each roll for added cream cheese I requested AND another $1 for the roll to be deep fried. So that was a surprise when we got our bill. The service wasn't too friendly, but the sushi was great. I also had the Blushing Geisha drink which was a lemonade, but I do not recommend it for $8.
4	really gooooooood~
5	Very good.  I came with expectations of overpriced, small portions. I got well priced, excellent sushi and a large portion.
1	My boyfriend and I were doing some shopping at the mall when we decided to take a sushi break so we came here (01/01/2014). We walked in and waited around for someone to seat us. Finally the hostess came and we sat down at the sushi bar. We looked at the menu and decided to start with some saki first. The waitress came and was taking our order while I saw something run behind the menu. I wasn't sure if I saw something or what but I moved the menu and saw this creature quickly running. I realized it was a baby cockroach (it was still very BIG). I jumped out of my chair and pointed it out and the waitress was trying to smack it. She then didn't see where it went and I told her it's now on my chair. She smacks it dead, actually she smashes it dead with its guts on my chair! I quickly start putting my coat on and gathering my things while she takes her time to grab a wet cloth to clean it up with. After she cleans it up she proceeds to ask what we would like to order. I look at her like she's crazy and tell her we are leaving. Her response "oh, this is normal. It's because we have the open patio". I don't care what the reason is when I see a cockroach running across from me and where my sushi is being prepared!! All I could picture was that cockroach and it's family running on top of my sushi! EW NO THANKS!
3	I haven't been here for a few years, and the last time, I remember thinking, "eh, it is okay."  My sentiment remains the same. Everything is just... fine. The food is okay, somewhat overpriced, but being on the Strip, I guess I can understand that. We got the spicy shrimp roll, the tempura calimari, the peppers, and the chicken teriaki noodles.  The sauce for the peppers was really good, just a little too salty, and everything else was pretty average.My main complaint was the service. Slow and lackluster, from the moment we walked in. We waited quite awhile to be seated, and our server "forgot" to bring us things we'd requested many times, from a fork to drinks we'd ordered. I'd only return if someone else really wanted to go, or if I just was starving for sushi at Fashion Show Mall.
5	I come to RA if not once a month, every other month. They have amazing sushi. I haven't tried any other option, but my family enjoys the Teryaki bowl. The best roll is the Viva Las Vegas roll, and their garlic edamame is amazing. They also have a "happy hour" from I think its 4p-7pm. Awesome deals on drinks and the sushi. Only sushi place I feel comfortable going to.
3	I went here for happy hour. Sorry but I was not happy. I ordered a rainbow roll and it was quite dry. The avocado was dark and mushy. I ordered this one thing that was their specialty. I don't even remember it wasn't that good. Our waitress kept us waiting for long periods of time . I wanted my soda refilled and she never came back I had to get another waitress attention for the bill and yes we waited again. Next time I'll go somewhere else.
4	I've been a fan of RA Sushi's tasty cuisine for a while because I'm from San Diego and I loved going to the Happy Hour at RA Sushi there. Although I have to admit that I like the decor and service at RA Sushi in Downtown SD better then the one here in Vegas the food didn't disappoint. My favorite dishes are the Seared Ahi and the Yellowtail Sashimi appetizers! I seriously get like 2 of each at a time... And I don't share lol. If you go get a drink from Mary at the Bar and request Jordan or Jackie as your server... Your welcome ;)
4	We met some friends from out of town at RA. It was recommended by the concierge at their hotel and was our first time. The dining room was nicely decorated. Our server was friendly and helpful. Service was on point and the wait time was acceptable.We were there during happy hour and a number of food and drink specials are available. The following items were ordered to share among four people. All items were tasty and the portions plentiful. Shishito Peppers, Garlic Citrus Yellowtail, Crispy Onion Albacore, Viva Las Vegas Roll and Chicken Katsu. The Chicken Katsu was an exceptionally large portion.
2	I travel around a lot and when I do, sushi is must when its dinner time. Im very familiar with Ra Sushi because they have one in San Diego where I work. I wanted to try RA sushi here in Las Vegas because I am always here with co workers for business. A group of us went there for dinner and I must say it was something that we regret. The food is always good. We sit at the bar as we usually do. It was the worst experience ever. All the sushi chefs there was Hispanic and did not speak any English. my co workers and I were getting very frustrated because it was hard to communicate and it seems like they had no knowledge of the fish or how to cut it. Its almost a little scary because they are working with raw fish and by the cuts of the fish, you can tell they were pure amatuers. The only thing good about the experienced was when another chef with long hair came and basically took over. his English and knowledge was wonderful. we even asked random questions just to test him and he had an answer for every question and was very polite and well mannered. all and all, the night ended well due to us having a real chef that spoke English. But I must say I will never come eat here again because Im afraid of who is handling my food. We will stick to our regular spot at sushi samba when we are in town for business. This is not a racist review, I am Hispanic myself. I just feel like if I am spending a lot of money to eat at a sushi place, I shouldn't get frustrated with lack of communication with the chef.
4	We've been to RA Sushi in Vegas and California.  They have great sushi and other nice dishes.  It's a fun place to hang out and have dinner.  If you want some help ordering, go for the guest faves!  They even make yummy green beans and we also like the degaku tofu. I like the cucumber "kimchee".  It's not like real Korean kimchee but if you like cucumbers it's a nice refreshing side dish.  My family loves the chicken wings and the tacos in addition to their sushi and rolls.
4	Great happy hour on the strip! Good service.  Watch people walking the strip as you eat good sushi that compares to any of the fancy restaurant that would charge three times more.  Best find on the strip!
2	The service was great, but the food was just OK.  I can't say anything bad about the sushi...it was fresh and passable, but nothing special.  The hot dishes were disappointing.  There are better places to go in vegas, and I left pretty unsatisfied.  Not the worst place I've ever been, but not a place I'd visit again unless I had to.
1	NOT SINGLES FRIENDLY! Went here to get a bite before I start work. I ordered 5 servings of nigiri sushi, and one specialty roll. I received ALL of my sushi before I got my warm bottle of Asahi Black or even a glass of water. Which was 28 minutes from when I gave the sushi preparer my order. The sushi preparer was fine but he gave me a bad piece of Surf Clam (it was half disintegrating/rotting. I told him my problem and he gave me two orders of something else.I had no one to complain my service to so I just asked for my check from a busser since I still don't know who my server was.The check said my server was Carlos but the guy who was taking my order was some white dude. Overall horrible service and what you'd expect from a typical tourist sushi bar. Never again. And telling everyone I know this place is just pure ass.All the girls that work here are pretty but have zero intelligence and do not bother stepping up when someone is trying to flag them down for an order or help it anything.Happy valentines day...Pros:Sushi guy is good prepares them Japanese style (small rice mostly protein)Fixes mistakes on the flyCons:ServiceServiceServiceWarm beerSERVICEOverallUnless you look like money, or have some pretty blonde with you, you're better off eating at Stripburger next door or the food court directly above. AVOID THIS PLACE PLEASE
3	I actually love this place. Their happy hour is phenomenal and love the Las Vegas roll. However, yesterday we got the worst service I have ever gotten... The dirty dishes were piled on the table, no one got more water since the first time, my beer took forever to come and food that we order never came in, including soft drinks. Now, based on the service I have revived in the past, I will not judge this place for a one bad time. I will give this place a better rating and review once I visit it again and have the usual service
1	We have been to different locations if RA Sushi. Dallas and Scottsdale. Although, they weren't anything special, I can say we always got great service and the fish was fresh. The RA Sushi in Las Vegas was the absolute worst! We didn't go there looking for a 5 star sushi experience, but we went expecting what we get at the other RAs. We had just flown in earlier that day, so we just played dinner by ear. When we got there, it was around 8:30ish. So not busy at all. Plenty of tables. (Should have been a sign) after we were seated it took 10 mins just to get our drink order. We asked our server what kind of tequilas they had. She replied, no one drinks tequila so I don't know. Do you want me to check? We should have left then. My husband and I settled for water. While we waited for the "real" server to come and take our order, my husband and I couldn't even have a conversation because the club music was super loud! Ok, I'm not one of those, no loud music people. If there would have been a lot of people in there to absorb the sound it wouldn't have been so bad, but when our server finally came she couldn't hear us either. So it was the first part if Feb. and they had just started a Red promotion, with a new roll and a new cocktail. Our server new NOTHING ABOUT IT, even though it was right there in the front of the menu. So after 30 mins, we got our 2 rolls and tuna tartar. I asked for more wasabi and sarrachi  sauce, never got either. Never got a refill of our waters. We looked around the restaurant and everyone pretty much had the same look of disappointment. So, it comes time to get our bill and tab out. That took another 30min!  We were so disappointed and annoyed, I wanted to wait to write this review. But I can see, the time passing hasn't changed my opinion or made me soften up on them.
5	Great service and atmosphere.  Everything was very reasonably priced, which in Vegas can be hard to find.As a vegetarian, I often find it difficult to find even one thing I can eat at any given restaurant, but, again, I was pleasantly surprised.  There were many, very delicious options on the menu for vegetarians and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.Haven't been to any of their other locations, but was very pleased with the service, atmosphere and food at the Vegas location.
3	I'm torn what rating to give RA Sushi. I've been here a few times already and don't have too much to complain about. I live in Vegas so really the only time I come out to RA is when I get unbeatable "hook up" emails. Other than that, I stick to the local joints. Anyways! Back on topic. Decided to have dinner tonight with the husband (of course had an awesome coupon). We were seated very quickly...Although it took about 15mins to get even a drink order in. We didnt even get acknowledged for the longest time by anyone. No, it wasnt busy at all, even on a Friday night. Finally we get our drinks and order right away. Holy cow. Took about 20mins to just get the edamame then 10mins later comes out the 4 rolls. We had to ask for refills since our waitress rarely came to check on us. She was really nice when she did actually come around, but the overall timing experience was ridiculous. Check time! Took about 20mins for the check. I felt like our waitress Annemarie was more attentive when I was looking at yelp reviews and when we were laying money down for the bill. Again, I will only come down here if I have awesome coupons or e-deals. I'll stick to my local favorites.
1	We had dinner last night and I need to confirm that this venue still suffers with a lack of good service and appears to have a revolving door of managers which have little concern for patrons.The once small chain which was the very best has lost it's vision!
3	i've have had dinner  at this place a few times thru out the years and its always been hit or miss
2	I came here March 26 because I love Sushi. I was very disappointed in the service. We had a blonde woman server, Jenny, and she hardly came to our table. Soup was cold and I had to reach over to the next empty table to get soy sauce. Food was good, just hope you don't get Jenny.
5	I had a great time! The staff was friendly and the food was delicious :D I can't wait to come back.
3	Happy Hour is well worth it. It's a great place to have a few drinks and grab a quick bite. However of you are running short on time I suggest you find another Sushi Spot. The amount of time to enjoy your food and drinks will take them about 2 hours to serve. We usually stop by here during our lunch break but almost 90% of the time we run info issues. They delivery the wrong order. Please have gotten served before us, our food order has taken over a hour to arrive to the table. I really think the only reason why we continue to go here is because we don't want to drive out for lunch. Working in the mall you run out of options so this tends to be the place for lunch. I mean the happy hour menu and their food overall isn't bad. It's the service and time! Never will you leave this place fully satisfied. But hey if your willing to wait I suggest the Viva Las Vegas Roll and the RA ckin Shrimp.
2	Omg this place has gone downhill!!!! This WAS one of my favorite happy hour spots in town. Not so much anymore. My friend and I were in the area and decided on this spot to meet up for drinks. We walked in, waited about 5 mins for a table and sat down. TWENTY minutes pass and still no service. My friend finally got up to the hostess to ask where out server was. The only saving grace of this place was our server. I completely forgot her name but she was so bubbly and nice. Not the fake nice, but the genuine nice. Anyway, prices for HH went up about 75 cents. Food quality went downhill with smaller portions. I ordered this one frozen lemonade Bellini concoction and it was awful. Only reason I drank it was because I didn't want to waste alcohol. Anyway, I had a good time with my friend but I don't think I'll be returning here nor would I recommend anyone to this place ever!!
4	Really fresh sushi right on the strip. Ra was easy to find in the fashion show mall. We dined outside in the desert breezes while sampling quite a variety from the reverse happy hour menu. The Las Vegas roll was a delight. So big you had to bite it but handling was easy and the texture was perfect. Don't miss the garlic sesame sauce edemame. The sauce is amazing!  Even dipped sticky rice balls in it. Yum!  Service was great, price was right, only negative at all was the music. Bar next door and across the street were all audible and quite distracting in the outdoor patio. This would not be a problem inside. Lots of intimate boths in there.
4	I've gotta give this place 4 stars because not only does their food taste amazing, their servers/bartenders and atmosphere ROCK!My friends and I frequent Vegas a lot for Spokesmodel work. Every given trip we hit up RA at least once, if not more. And we have been frequenting this spot for over 5 years!Tracy at the bar is hands down one of the sweetest, most genuine girls I've ever had the pleasure to meet. She is on top of her game as a server and makes a killer sake-tini! Their happy hour menu has a variety of awesome rolls, salads, gyoza, skewers and a variety of drinks. Everything from classic cocktails, to beer and wine. This might sound strange, but the veggie roll is out of this world. I am a seafood lover, however I always order at least one veggie roll. I'll be honest the only reason I even stumbled across this roll was when I was eating with a vegetarian friend. She ordered it and when it came out, it just looked too good. Spicy yellowtail, and salmon are my all time favs. I don't usually do the fancy rolls however, my husband loves their Vegas roll. I can't wait for my next trip back! Thanks for always being so awesome RA. My friends and I always look forward to your wonderful food and service!
3	I used to love coming to this place and it had been a few years since my last visit. My husband and I decided to come for happy hour and sit on the patio with a sushi roll, glass of wine and people watch. We ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll- not my favorite. The Tootsy Maki was my favorite- glad the waitress recommended it. We also ordered a fried rice ball with raw fish on top- no thank you- skip that and order a roll instead. We were both a little disappointed in our experience this time. It wasn't as good as we remembered it. They do have a great patio in the Fashion show mall and it's still a nice place to come order a drink - they have a good wine list:)
1	I usually enjoy eating here. Tonight was suppose to be a special celebration dinner for my brother. Was sitting inside for 20 minutes (already had been seated) with my family and not one waiter came to our table.. inexcusable service. Especially when the restaurant is dead. We left.
4	Happy hour! Pineapple cheese wontons, viva vegas roll, yellowtail nigiri and rainbow roll! Good food, good price!
4	So from 3-7pm Monday's- Saturday's, I'm freakin in love with this place!  Yes, that's during happy hour.  This place is amazing for happy hour.  I can't speak for any other times during the day.  =)
4	good reasonably priced sushi place on the strip.  outdoor seating.
4	Went for happy hour and the food and drinks were decent both taste and price wise. They had a monthly specials page which was great but the page stated "April Specials" and we are already at the end of May. Not sure how often they update the specials. The April specials were delicisous either way. Service was a little slow and for some reason after we arrived they turned down the lights and turned up the music. I saw a bunch of tables using their cell phones to as makeshift flashlights so that they can view the menu. Other than that I wouldn't mind coming back for happy hour again.
2	This place...has so much potential. I say that mainly because of where it is located, but unfortunately for them, my reviews are based on their food and service - not location. All of  the food we ordered (edamame, spicy tuna roll, ultimate shrimp tempura roll, and steamed veggies) felt less than fresh. The hot food came out borderline cold and the sushi just did not seem fresh. Our server seemed stressed and forgot our soy sauce which I had to go retrieve after waiting a while and it took a very long time to get the bill. My last gripe is about the noise level. It would not be an issue unless you are sitting outside next to the restaurant that they border (which we were). RA was playing one station very loudly and the restaurant next store was competing with a completely different station making it hard to think, let alone speak. Maybe happy hour would have been different, but for dinner...not recommended!
3	Love coming here for happy hour, however the service is next to NEVER up to par at the bar. Counting now, there are 4 other patrons here, both in pairs, and the time it takes to get a beer, the check, or have them pick it up, is unreasonable. The bartender on duty lacks a sense of urgency between taking and fulfilling orders and even when I was able to establish eye contact, she quickly looked away. Hey Ra, are you hiring bartenders with experience and excellent customer service skills? I know a gal.
5	My wife Bridgette and I love this place. Best Happy Hour for sushi in Vegas. Phenomenal service and great quality sushi. Very reasonable prices. Tracy is a great bartender. Been coming here to see her for happy hour for the past 5 years. That says something in itself.
4	I always enjoy the food and drinks here. The place has a nice decor and good outdoor seating on the strip. I've waited to review until I've been here more then twice, lastnight was my third. Everytime I have no complaints with the food, all delicious. But everytime service seems slow, they are actually lucky I came back after my first time here. But the food and atmosphere seemed like it deserved a second chance. My first time we waited 20 minutes just to get our drinks! We had to wave our hand in the air for then to notice! Other times I've visited not nearly as extreme but the waitress seemed a little stressed and confused. Would come back to the table and re ask what it is we ordered. Food amazing, drinks good. Service questionable.
3	Kind of expensive, since its on the strip.The best part of this place, and it ain't the sushi....They have a very large bar with a variety of drinks and sake bombs...for a sushi joint there bar is bigger than there sushi bar.Franchize place, focus on white-anglo-saxson western  clientaleThe only good part of this place is the service and the atmosphere, its kind of loud.
4	We love this place for happy hour & people watching. I guess they don't offer happy hour on Sunday (only reverse happy hour). Still super yummy food, bartender was low energy and slow to refill water. RA-kin shrimp was super yummy!
2	Who runs out if edamame at a sushi bar?  And on a Monday night?  Server didn't know  much about sushi. Not impressed.
2	Server wasn't good. Dropped a sushi plate and didn't refill our water.  But the sushi was good.  Get the ultimate shrimp tempura and ask for the tuna raw instead of seared.  By far the best one we ordered between 8 rolls and everyone agreed.
3	Mainly I order platters from this restaurant, but I've eaten here as well.Ordering is a breeze. Look up the choices online, place a call at least 24 hours ahead, and schedule a time to pick it up. I don't like going to the bar to pick up my order. The female bartender there ignored me for a group of sweaty, red faced men grouped at the back of the bar and I mean even AFTER they got their drinks. There was no one else there except for me! When she finally addressed me, she was rather stern and to the point. I tipped the person who walked out with my tray directly. Forget the uptight witch behind the counter...The sushi on the to-go platter seems to be pretty fresh, but don't expect AYCE sushi quality. It's probably been made early in the morning and is somewhat dry and very firm by the time you pick it up.If you plan on coming here for a date, you might want to re-think it solely based on the fact that its very LOUD. Like Nightclub loud. If you don't mind eating and yelling at your date, then go right ahead, the food is decent enough. The spicy miso is nasty. I loooove miso soup, but the spicy miso tastes like regular miso soup with Frank's Red Hot splashed in the broth... and that's it. It takes away from the rich, full, flavor of a good miso soup and replaces it with a cheap vinegar-y taste.Parking can be horrendous if you plan on parking underneath the mall in the parking garage. It took me over an hour to find parking one summer. Other times I've driven straight to the elevator area and walked right in.
5	Great food, great service and great happy hour!
4	Now I am not a sushi fan...mostly. But Ra is fantastic. First went here in Scottsdale and found this one in Vegas. We were seated quickly the waitress was quick to attend our needs. Food as in the Scottsdale location was phenomenal. Their "viva" Las Vegas rolls were great and we had some cheese wontons for an appetizer. Very good. It is a bit pricey but I guess you get what you pay for. I mean of you want cheap sushi go grab it from a gas station and reap the rewards.
4	It was a lot better than what I have expected. The service was great and the ambiance was cool too. My girlfriend and I ordered the LV roll which was okay, but the better dish we ordered was the spicy salmon bowl. 4/5!
4	Came here for lunch and started off with the ribs for appetizer! They were amazing! Sushi was great. Not amazing. Also, they dont bring out ginger unless you ask them. We had to ask twice because they were stingy with it. Waitress was a bit pushy.
2	This place was eh for me (even considering that it's a low-price sushi establishment). My sister and I shared salmon sashimi, a shrimp tempura hand roll, the special yellowtail hand roll, and a lobster shrimp cut roll. Although we ordered the lobster shrimp cut roll the sushi chef made a lobster salmon cut roll instead. The server brought out the wrong roll and was strongly trying to get us to give in and just eat the wrong roll. I hate when restaurants get things wrong and then try to have you accept their mistake. We ordered the lobster shrimp roll because after having salmon sashimi we didn't want to have more salmon. I refused and they made us the roll we had actually ordered. The food is ok. It's a somewhat low priced sushi place and that's the quality you get. The salmon sashimi was really cold as though it had been frozen and didn't quite defrost and the cut roll portion size was kind of small. Eh.
4	Plus: Food is inexpensive during lunch and taste pretty good.Cons: It might be a bit hard to find if you're not familiar with Fashion Show Mall. Kind of slow (but friendly though!) service even though the place wasn't busy.My boyfriend and I went here to grab a quick bite while avoiding overeating (and starving) since we had plans to have a BBQ at home with my parents.We ended up sharing a bento box and a few pieces of nigiri sushi. Bento was teriyaki chicken and I judge a place on how well they can make an easy dish (because, seriously, how can anyone screw that up?) Thankfully chicken was right. I couldn't eat the gyozas because they had pork in them. :( If I recall correctly you can't substitute either so that was a bummer for me.We'll probably return here again since it's a lot better than the Japanese place located in the food court.
4	Probably some of the best gyoza I've had.  Exceptional taste and a little crisp to it.  Only wish they had some chili oil and soy sauce.  I also tried the chicken katsu.  It wasn't the best but wasn't bad.  The reason for the four stars is the waitress was a wreck.  She spilled soy sauce all over the table when she first came to the table. Didn't clean it up just left a trail on the table.  It got all over the menu, table, glasses, everything.  I think half the container spilled out.  She only had two tables but seemed to give the impression she had 15.  Had to ask for rice with my chicken.  Thought that was a little weird.  Never got a refill on my drink and she didn't ask my wife if she wanted anything.  Had to stop her before she left the table to give her her order.  Is that asking too much?  Give it a try for the food just be careful of who is serving you.
4	Best sushi I've had in a long time !! Went with some co-workers had a great meal &dessert . The lighting is a bit dark but over good atmosphere. Our waiter was really friendly and informative ,also came back to check on us alot. Will defiantly be coming back for some more sushi:)
1	This could have been the WORST dining experience I've ever had. First, the hostess gave away my reservation (I'll admit to be 10 minutes late but I called to inform them). We were sat outside, no eating utensils, table not set. We waited 20 minutes before being acknowledged. 10 minutes later the server took a drink order, and our food order. Appetizers came out after 30 minutes ( at this point I was timing) I ask about our drinks and was told the bar was very backed up ( although the restaurant was only 3/4 full). We had no eating utensils or napkins so I took them off of a neighboring table. 15 minutes later drinks came out, no flavor to them. 25 minutes later food started coming out, it wasn't bad (why I gave the restaurant 2 stars). Visitors and locals beware, this restaurant is terrible.
1	I wasn't that impressed with this restaurant when we are there a month ago, food was mediocre and tables were dirty. I just read that they were featured in Dirty Dining this week for for 38 demerits. http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Asian-Buffet-and-Ra-Sushi-269299381.html?lc=Smart
2	RA, ha ha ha ha ok enough laughing lets talk about the restaurant this location was terrible. Upon approaching the restaurant I noticed that there was hardly anyone inside. Came up to the front door and I noticed like hundreds of greasy finger prints on there glass doors, oh well so they dont like to clean there glass windows, no biggy. We got seated pretty quickly being that there were very little people there that night. Ordered viva las Vegas and spicy tuna and a California roll, all were pretty terrible. We also ordered garlic lemon edamame and it was pretty good but there is a pit where all the juice and chili garlic all falls into and then you're forced to fish them out with some chopsticks. The service was ok, the waitress really never came back after she took our order. Some other girl brought out our sushi instead and that was about it, the next time we seen our waitress was when she brought us our check. Would I come back? heck no, this place sucked all around reason for the laughter, oh well at least I got a good laugh out of it.
4	Love Sushi so usually try new places everywhere. Ive been here a few times and always have a good experience. Love their happy hour menu, has a wide variety of optionsand is very reasonable. The drinks are also good. We did chose a ton of things off the happy hour menu and split so we can all try. I think it worked out great for us and was nice to get to try everything. The Red Sojo Sangria ( I think that's what its called) was good. Our service is usually better but this last time we were slightly overlooked as it took our server forever to get to our table, we received our alcoholic drinks after all our food was out and our server didn't seem to have a sense of urgency. However, our food runner was exceptionally great and super attentive so that made  up for everything else and I still plan on coming back. Overall I really like this place and sitting on the patio is always nice when there is a breeze out. So far haven't been to a better sushi place in LV.
2	Overpriced sushi that's average. Drinks are decent but also pricey.
3	Ra Sushi is just your basic average sushi joint. Nothing really special about this place. The sushi here is mediocre at best. We came around 930pm on a Sunday, and the place wasn't that crowded. Their service is very poor and slow. We had to ask many times for water refills, and they even forgot to bring out the wasbi and ginger for our sashimi and rolls.Let's start with the good stuff.Yellowtail sashimi was the only best dish of the nite. The cuts were perfect and thick. It's wasn't the best,but it pass.Viva Vegas Roll how can they like this. The roll barely had any spicy tuna mostly imitation crab,and it was to sweet for my taste buds.Crispy Onion Albacore was a mess on the plate. The albacore looked like it was cut by a dull knife. Plus they drowned it with so much ponzi sauce were you couldn't taste the fish anymore.Tropical Roll was ok. It was something different. Great presentation but no Wow factor there.The only reason it made it to 3 star instead of 2 is because of the yellowtail sashimi was good.Other than that there's better places to get your sushi fix.
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the service. Food was your standard sushi restaurant joint. My sister and 2 cousins came in around 3PM on a Saturday. It was dead there. On their website it said that happy hour started at 3PM but when we got there, they told us happy hour didn't start until 4PM. We were hungry and I didn't care, I was willing to overlook. I guess everything on the menu was an additional $3 since we were straddling lunch / happy hour/ dinner. The waitress was like half helping us half flirting with some other customers and dicking around in the back. This totally pissed me off. Just because they worked at the hotels and you were trying to get into some club for tonight or whatever it is - you still have other customers you should attend to! Additionally, It looked like most of the wait staff was on lunch break and they were eating pizza in front or hiding in the back. We got an appetizer and no utensils. We had to ask the busboy to get us some. All the tables around us had cloth napkins but we ended up getting bar napkins and some forks. Wait, he threw in chopsticks for good measure too...The icing on the top was when we got the bill. She wrote a big "THANK YOU! =)" on the receipt AND circled the "suggested tip" section. WHAT THE FUCK? Just because i look young doesn't' mean I'm going to tip you $2. I was APPALLED. How fucking rude of you. Since I didn't want to be a bitch, I tipped my usual 18% and left.Never again. NEVER AGAIN.
1	We came in on sept 10, sat in First booth, the left of the front door.Normally we have good service, the food here is great but what happened today left a bad taste in out mouths.Our server was unprofessional, grandma shirt, hair was messy. She Was really rude and walked away while we were ordering. We got our food, it's good but our waitress hardly every came by to check up on us. My friend waited 10minutes for a refill, then my other friend waited another 10min on top of that! She made it very clear that she didn't care. Then when we received our check, she circled in bold TIP 15%. I mean we believe if you received awesome service, then yeah u deserve that and maybe more, but knowing you gave us bad service and then expecting that, hahaha think again NOPE! The food and ambiance is good, HOWEVER the service SUCKS! Because of this experience we won't be going back, NEVER AGAIN. And I'll make sure my friends know about this as well. And btw they got a 1star because of the food.
3	Not terrible, but not the best.The staff was really entertaining and I think that's what made up for the average food. Our poor waitress had to deal with my 2 obnoxious friends who were visiting Vegas. Need I say more? ha.Their happy hour has legit prices but I would not pay full price. The sushi is decent but I tend to be a sushi snob so this place just didn't cut it for me.
3	Spicy poke bowl was not that great !!! Very mushy and slimy !! It's supposed to be spicy salmon it is not spicy at all !!!! Overrall there sushi is good . I've had better sushi/poke bowls!!
4	RA is located at Fashion Show Mall which is ideal before or after a shopping spree :) Ladies ~ you know what I'm talking about!It's a fun place with loud music & a sexy black & red decor. They have fantastic happy hour items & seating inside & outside.Two items on the menu that you shouldn't miss out on are the viva Las Vegas roll & spicy tuna tacos! If you haven't tried this place yet I recommend happy hour because you'll get more for your buck! They also have a lot of great daily lunch specials!
4	Got the chirashi bowl and happy hour menu was okay.. They didn't have a lot to choose from but overall was great! Fresh sushi and service was awesome!
3	My friends wanted to come here because theyve been to Ra when they were in the east coast, so we decided to have a bite to eat here before we guzzled down large amounts of Fat Tuesdays LOL. We were staying at Trump Tower, so it was pretty easy to get to since Ra is in Fashion Show Mall. It was slightly empty when we went in but i noticed all the cool upscale-like decor. It had a nice reddish/dark theme. Pretty laid back. They had a bento box lunch special, but unfortunately, it was only until 3pm. Instead we ordered off the happy hour menu--Sweet Onion Salmon: salmon was cut thinly, but pretty good with sauceLobster Spring Rolls: only 3, super crunchy, but couldnt taste much of the mangoCalamari: not too memorable , but fillingViva Las Vegas Roll: typical sushi roll, average, but the plating was gorgeousAll of these dishes were reasonably priced (considering vegas $$), and the food came out fast and hot. Waitress came back to check up on us a lot and gave us boxes to take things to go for our friends. Will come back to try other dishes, hopefully better ones
5	This sushi bar is awesome! We sat outside in the patio area and It's right by the mall across the street from The Wynn hotel and casino. Their sashimi is very good and my favorite! Everything was so fresh! The employees were very attentive considering how busy they were. We're definitely going back.
5	This is absolutely one of my favorite places to go! Their happy hour has great choices! I love their rolls and dessert. Their cinnamon tempura is amazing. Their service is awesome. Waiters were very friendly and always recommended the most tasting appetizers, course meals, and desserts. The place itself is beautiful and different. Also, signing up for them is a good idea. You get special offers and birthday gifts from them! The manager, I don't know his name, but he is very kind and sweet to his customers. Always making them feel welcome!
4	Great happy hour pricing here.  Very sleek decor with black and red.  In the Fashion Show mall, and facing the Las Vegas Strip.  It has great music and some rolls that are unique to RA. The happy hour pricing is super low.  At other times, the pricing seems high for what you get.  Their roll with mangoes is delicious, and I believe it was called the Monkey Roll.Service was professional but the servers seemed very rushed and overloaded.
5	Awesome sushi. Cold beer. Fantastic service. The bartender did not shake my margarita. Not cool. My server was fantastic. Took care of my needs and was patient too!  Lobster shrimp  roll and shrimp calami tempura roll were the best.
1	Ate here tonight with some family. Had a party of 8. Service was lacking. Our food took quite a bit of time and even though the restaurant was not packed. Sushi was okay but for the price I would have rather ate somewhere else. They have no customer service. Basically we ordered and they delivered our food. No one checked to see how we were doing or to even refill our drinks except for the 3 waters at the table. We only ordered a couple rolls & were going to order more if someone ever came back to take our order...they didn't...I also ordered sea weed salad when they had first brought our food to us... That never came. Go to another sushi restaurant in town. You'll get your food faster and will have better service.
4	Great service - great food - awesome portion size - if your in tow for a convention this place is great for the whole team and very accompanying
3	The service was prompt and the sushi was very good---fresh and delicately made, with nicely cooked rice. The garlic edamame starter was also tasty (although everything arrived quickly and at the same time, so things could be paced a little better). The ginger blossom cocktail was refreshing. All in all, a very good experience. This is a great place to recharge after checking out Fashion Show Mall.
3	The atmosphere and the service was great.  The food was lacking.  The rice in the rolls had the wrong consistency,  it was like some of the rice was still crunchy.  The rainbow roll eas ok, but not great.  If you want quick Sushi in the area, it's not bad.  If you want great sushi,  go somewhere else.
2	The food was not fresh.A platter of sushi/sashimi came out and it was very cold to the touch, we wiped frozen water slivers around the food. The yummy looking seared tuna was heavily dipped in peanut dressing, topped with an old piece of leafy greens.Drinks - any sweet cocktail is available Pricy & not worth your buck.
4	Went there for a quick lunch before heading back to LA, the service was a bit disorganized cause they were understaffed. But they tried their best to provide better services, and they were very friendly and polite! This restaurant is very beautiful, modern yet still classic, the booth was so comfy and relaxing. Hubby was hungover much, he just wanted some extra hot soup, I was hungry, so I ordered quite a few things for myself. Our lunch: extra hot spicy soup, with side of udon noodles, mackerel sashimi, salmon roe sushi, spicy tuna hand roll and appetizer hot mess. The spicy soup was so good, did they put this on the menu just for hangover people? Lots of veggies and shrimps in it, the broth was very flavorful and comforting! Raw things were fresh and tasty, the appetizer hot mess was spicy king crab on crispy rice, it was delicious but just a little too creamy for me, and it was a big plate for myself, left out all the crispy rice, shame on me! Overall we liked the food so much! They couldn't make a Bloody Mary for me at the moment cause the bartender stepped out for a good 10 minutes, when she came back in she found out they just ran out of Bloody Mary mix... well, I ordered a mimosa instead, it was tasty.  A decent sushi restaurant at fashion show mall, good spot for lunch, they have TVs in the patio, good for summer nights, and they open till late everyday!
2	I usually enjoy eating at RA Sushi, especially at a prime location such as Las Vegas, but I was quite disappointed with my latest experience. It was a pretty slow night and the service was still unusually slow. Also, we requested ginger but it was never brought to us.
5	One of my favorite Sushi spots in Vegas. Food is always fresh, the music is always an upbeat vibe! The Spicy Miso is my favorite, for sure!
4	We were pleasantly surprised by this place. We were staying across the street at the Wynn and got tired of the super fancy dinners every night. We decided to go across the street to RA for a little more of a casual experience. I would definitely recommend coming here. I will be back, next time I'm in Vegas.-atmosphere- classy casual, on the darker side with red lighting and accents.-drinks- I was drinking beer and sake so kinda hard to screw that one up. My wife enjoyed the variety of cocktails on the menu. She really enjoyed the blackberry cocktail on the menu. Not too sweet and plenty of alcohol.-food- We started off ordering an albacore roll to share, just feeling the place out. The roll turned out to be really good! That lead us into ordering the sashimi salad which was great. They went a little heavy on the sauce, but it still turned out good. We also ordered the toro nigiri, and another roll. All of our food was great and we didn't have to spend an arm and a leg.
4	Trying to make this my must stop every time I come to Vegas. I randomly found this place when I went to EDC this summer that just past and I fell in love. I got the salmon rice bowl, it was a bunch of salmon sashimi with rice, cucumbers, and a really delicious sauce. I loved it so much and it got full with leftovers, since it's raw fish and I don't trust leaving it in the hotel, it just sucks I can't take it to go unless I eat it quickly *sad face. That first time I got it, it was from the lunch menu, but when I came back a few months later luckily they said they were able to make me it for dinner. Weird how it's something on the lunch menu and not on the dinner though? And when I asked if I still got the miso soup (included on the lunch menu) the second time I came, the waitress told me it shouldn't come with it because at the time it was dinner hours... but it's not on the dinner menu whatsoever, it's on the lunch. I don't know how to explain it. It was just odd to me that whole situation. I told her "oh okay then." Yet she still came back with it after her lowkey attitude for asking.As for service, the first time I came the waitress I had was very sweet and super attentive. I got everything I needed to enjoy my meal before heading out to EDC that evening. The second time, I was kind of disappointed because our server literally took a very long time to take our order, to get us water... and when I needed something she was nowhere to be found, for such a long period of time my boyfriend had to ask the busser next to us to get us a side of spicy mayo (thanks dude!). That second server was probably annoyed of me asking for that miso soup earlier lol. I don't even think she was busy because the place was pretty empty when I came in. I will still return hoping to receive the service I got the very first time, hopefully they have less snobby servers in the near future. Otherwise I don't think I can handle it. I would probably just want to take it to go back to my hotel to eat it instead just to avoid having attitude on the side with my meal haha.
2	Had lunch here today.. Food was good. Server wasn't. Placed order for our food. Got most of it. Asked our server for the last thing we ordered and responded with if I made sure it went through. I don't work there! You do. Totally forgot about our food and when it did arrive wasn't even hungry anymore. 2 star for the food/drinks we did have. Going to go elsewhere next time we are in town.
5	Great food. Easy to get to.  Great service.  We walked in at 530 and sat a sushi bar with no wait.  Prices were reasonable.  We had the sashimi salad and it was wonderful and a really big portion.
