4	A great little corner shop that's not on the corner. Simple little review here, fresh fruit and veg which are twice the size of Tesco's produce, about every Kelloggs product under the sun and a few bottles of alcohol to wash them down. A good cheap alternative!
4	I agree with Stuarty that the size and quality of City Fruit Supply's produce is far superior to that of the supermarkets', but the prices certainly do match that quality.  I came in here a few days ago and they have a massive array of fruit, sourced from all over the world with papayas, mango, passion fruits and enormous coconuts.  The bananas looked huge, rip and delicious, whilst they had just about every type of apple ever grown.  To wash all this fruit down they have some speciality brands of cider and beer which also looked great.  It also has the really fresh smell which green grocer's usually have as well as a chilled out atmosphere.  As I said, none of it really comes cheap, but this place definitely offers quality for its prices.
4	We all know that you need five fruit and veg a day to keep healthy - but in reality, who can be bothered to find and eat so much healthy stuff? Well, i think I have found a way of getting all that goodness you have missed out on.Come to the City Fruit Supply and the sheer sight of so much delicious looking fruit and veg will have your mouth watering and your scurvy running for safety. The fruit here is huge and there is a massive selection to choose from, including some bottles of cider too. All of this is cheap and fresh.I promise you, that Tesco apple just wont cut it anymore after you have been here.
3	I've just realised that I've written so many fruit based reviews this week and that makes me chuckle. I must have fruit on the brain as after banging on about how much I hate it I ended up buying stacks of it yesterday during the weekly shop which will more than likely go mouldy in a few days.As I have said in previous reviews, I find eating fruit more hassle than it's worth so make up for that by eating tonnes of vegetables, plus, I'm sweet enough so don't need all that fruit. The fruit in here is very hard to resist, they have a huge selection and everything looks amazing, you won't see many bruised old 'nanas here and that's what I like to see.The downside however, is the price. Fruit is expensive wherever you shop but it's more so here, I guess it's because it's of such a high quality and I get that but why on earth is it so darn expensive to stay healthy? It's just annoying and something else I can add on my anti fruit list. Perhaps pop in here if you're looking for flawless fruit for a special occasion; fruit basket or dinner party but other than that head to Tesco and get the bargains.
