2	Chain restaurant location here in Peoria has been on par with the others in the valley.  Service, food, and the wait are fairly consistent.  Omelets are what I recommend for this place (who wouldn't have eggs at a place called 'The Good Egg' ??).Pass on the pancakes.  Coffee could be improved.
4	We usually frequent this restaurant on the weekends, when yes, it can get busy.  However, the wait, is definitely worth it.  On the weekends, they usually serve coffee out front while you wait.  I have never had a problem with my order coming out incorrect or taking forever.  I have two favorite items to order: Veggie Interesting omelette or the eye opener combo.  The coffee is always fresh and perfectly brewed for me.  The wait staff are very nice and efficient.  Seating can be inside or outside.  They have misters  and umbrellas outside for the hot mid-mornings.
3	We've been to this location multiple times and often enjoy it.  We've never had an issue with the food, it has always been above par.  The crowd is diverse with lunch folk, seniors, and people hungover from partying the night before.  I would give this place four stars if it were not for the extremely unpleasant hostess we have encountered numerous times.   When we went up to the front, she was on the phone and didn't acknowledge us.  We waited, and waited, while she talked away.  Finally, (putting the call on hold must have been such a difficulty) she seated us, WITHOUT speaking to us, but talking on the phone the entire time.  Um, really?  Our service otherwise, has always been great.  They also offer to go refills on tea which is pretty exciting. :)
2	I would not go back here.  The service was bad.  They did not refill our drinks, the potatoes were cold, the side salads taste like dirt.
1	My girlfriend and I have visited the location behind Arrowhead Mall a few times in the hopes of finding a good breakfast place.  We wanted to like this place, because the menu offers alot of great sounding dishes.....We really wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt after our first visit, but this place just falls short on so many levels.  First of all....the service sucks.  If it's busy, you will wait forever just to get water and your order taken....  Then there is the food.  It sucks....  They even managed to make eggs boring and that is hard to do, considering how many ways you can make them.  We have been waited on 2 of the 3 times by a less than friendly waitress who still has the god awful Kate Gossling hair cut, and has the personality of a thumb tack.  After asking for a fresh cup of coffee (since the ones we were served tasted like gasoline) she told us that she just served us from the freshest pot they had, and that nothing was wrong with the coffee.  The Country Gravy tasted like it was made from a store bought packet, and the salsa was mediocre at best.  If you are looking for a place that serves below average food and a bitter waitress...then The 'Good' Egg is your place to go.  I'd prefer Denny's over this place, because I'd atleast know not to expect much for my $ there.
1	Yeah, I dont think we will be coming back any time soon here either. I dont know what has happened to this place over the last year, but something really bad has happened to it. The water pitcher had someone's hair in it. The waiter made us feel like he was doing us a favor by serving us. The eggs benedict was cold, and so were the potatoes, so we waited 10 minutes for the waiter to come around to sent them back. They came back again cold. By this time the rest of the family had finished their meal so I said screw it, ate the potatoes cold, paid, and left. Gave them a sub-par tweet and they replied that they wanted to make things right with us. Still havent heard back from them. Im done.
2	Can we please just change their name?The few experiences that I have had at The "Good" Egg have been horrible. The food is never good and I feel like the waitresses really loathe their jobs. The one time I did have an extremely nice waitress, the food was the worst. It seems like it is never a win-win with this place, but rather lose-lose. I doubt I will ever think about going back here, but in the rare case that I do, I will hopefully have a better experience.
4	My wife son and I go here often to get breakfast and lunch. Although lunch is good, the breakfast is much better. I recommend the Bacado, it is a really good omelet with bacon cheese and avocado! It is the best thing on the menu. Plus they have Gun Slinger hot sauce which is the greatest hot sauce known to man! (you can buy Gun Slinger in the store now at frys)
4	I love the Good Egg.  I think I have been to the Good Egg at least 20 times in the past 2 yrs and have never been disappointed with the food.  Oh sure, there are a couple of grouchy waiters (not waitress') but even if they are grouchy, they are still competent.  The Good Egg is one of those places that I like to take friends out to when friends come to town to visit too and it is a great place for our bicycle club to meet after a ride.  To me, it just feels like a local neighborhood eatery, sort of like a home away from home.
3	Stopped in this morning because a friend started waiting tables here.  Obviously the service was stellar as hers always is but because I have a bias I am not including it in my rating.Got seated out on the patio and it was a wonderful morning to do so.  Getting there early it wasn't very crowded. I noticed over twice as many cars in the lot when I left.  Whoever ordered the patio chairs never had to sit in them for very long.  They are sorta ok for setting back with coffee but a bit of work to set up to the table.Speaking of coffee I had decaf.  For breakfast I had scrambled eggs, sausage, pancakes.  Eggs apparently got plated first as they were only lukewarm as the rest of the dish was still hot.  They honored my request to cook the sausage well.  I actually liked the thin pancakes, they were not doughy or over crisped and were still warm enough when I got them to finish melting the butter.The Good Egg is not my favorite breakfast spot but it is ok and consistent across the chain.  And it is an Arizona chain.
2	We went for Father's Day breakfast and were told there would be a 15 minute wait, I didn't believe this as she was saying it, I really didn't believe it almost 40 minutes later.  The food was pretty much not cold, the plates were hot though so I'm guessing they enjoyed some quality time under a warmer.  Service was slow and the food is really nothing special.  We might give it another try on a less busy morning.
2	Average breakfast place.  I think the egg dishes are more unique than IHOP etc, but nothing really special.  Usually the servers are really nice, but there was one that made unnecessary comments on what my friend ordered.
3	Decent breakfast place that serves egg on every imaginable way to cook it -- only it is good, not great.  It's a good breakfast place when you just want to get on your day. Service: 2 starsFood: 3 starsLocation/Restaurant: 3 stars
3	Despite the fact that it only got two and 1/2 star review...I decided to come here for brunch/lunch today anyway. Now usually Yelp reviews are pretty accurate....and well 2 and 1/2 stars is pretty bad....but I believe it should be at least 3 stars and 1/2. why? well because......first of all the service....I have never had such gentle and soft-spoken hostess and waiter before. They were so gentle and friendly .. in some ways it is weird but it's not bad at all. They talk very softly but it's not like you can't hear them. I really enjoyed the service here.secondly the food was pretty good...at least what my bf and I had ordered. My bf's Traditional Day Starter Plate - two scramble eggs, 3 pump and juicy sausages served with country potatoes and a slice of English muffin...was delightful. As for mine, Green Eggs and Ham.....thin sliced ham, sauteed mushrooms and arugula served on two toasty English muffin and topped with two poached eggs covered with pesto sauce and comes with a side of country potatoes. It was a delicious meal...one of which I totally demolished. Overall this place isn't as bad as some people say it is. I'm certainly glad I tried it. Although I do have a minute complaint and that is the pricing....it is a little on the pricey side for breakfast/brunch and it's mostly egg dishes so with that said...I would definitely come back.
4	I always enjoy my breakfast at The Good Egg! They have a large menu so no matter what kind of mood I am in, I can find something to satisfy my hunger. A BIG plus is their add on items that are only $1! As long as you buy an entree that is $4.95 or more, you can add an item for only $1 more. I typically get an omelette and add $1 pancakes. What a deal!Also, love the free meals cards. Five stamps=a free meal. At this location, Mondays are double stamp day so you can fill up a card quickly.The service is usually fast and friendly. However, there is one hostess who never smiles and seems to always have a bad attitude. There have been times when she doesn't even speak to me when I go to the register to pay. Not a deal breaker, but I probably would have given 5 stars if it weren't for her!
3	Hhhm. Food was excellent, service was lacking. Not the servers fault that the place was packed with a waiting list when there are only 5 on the floor. If management gets there stuff together this place would really rock!
4	Stopped by with my boy after our early morning haircuts.  We were looking for a decent breakfast and found it. The menu is a tad overwhelming with choices and options labeled as "eggceteras" or something like that.  Wish it was simpler like the caveman pictures at Denny's but we persevered and figured it out.Really good coffee by the way, so if you are stopping in, be sure to get a cup.  We also checked in with Foursquare and found they had a free cinnamon roll offer.  Yelp had nothing : (Sausage links were good, wished they had patties.  Will ask about that next time, maybe they had an option we just did not see.Overall. really really good!
5	Great food, as always!  I'm pleasantly surprised at how consistent they are, across multiple locations.  Service was great, considering the busy Sunday Brunch crowd.
4	Been here numerous times. Food is decent but i think tad over priced. Customer service has always been good. The crowd is typical church crowd.
3	Phoenix seems to lack interesting breakfast venues according to our friend that lives there.  He recommended the Good Egg at this location because it has a fairly nice interior.  This was my third time dining there.   Service seems to be somewhat inconsistent despite what I've read on some of the reviews posted here.  There is one manager that seems to run the place quite well; unfortunately that was not the case when we visited this week.I ordered the Florentine Benedict which was their version of Eggs Benedict with spinach, tomato and two asparagus spears.  While it was good, it wasn't what I consider to be out of this world; perhaps they tried to make it low cal as it did not have much Hollandaise sauce.  Our server gave us the menus immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for him to ask us if we were ready to order.  I wasn't sure whether he was covering too many tables, but service was quite slow.  He was, however, quick to give us refills of water.
2	This place gets a solid three stars.the service is excellent i am having to stick to a certain healthily diet which sometimes makes it hard to eat out  the waitress that we had was top shelf helpful.she took her time which s nice especially now adays.The food to my self and my guest the taste was very bland.the food looks great just bland.
2	This place gets a solid two stars.the service is excellent i am having to stick to a certain healthily diet which sometimes makes it hard to eat out  the waitress that we had was top shelf helpful.she took her time which s nice especially now adays.The food to my self and my guest the taste was very bland.the food looks great just bland.
2	We decided to try Good Egg once again, I was reminded why we never came back. I like the fact that they have the amount of calories next to the menu items but the food was not great. The "whole wheat" bread was the exact same bread that I would get in my elementary school lunch, which was a ghetto school. The egg whites that I had, had oil at the bottom of the dish and not a normal amount of oil either. I will not be coming back and do not recommend it.
5	Such good and quality consistent food. Had the Waldorf Salad today.  New favorite. Love the decor and staff at this location. )
4	Very good and different items on the menu. Service was great too.
3	It's not always a Good Time going there. I don't know, sometimes the food is cooked with passion, then there are times when they will burn your food. The service is temperamental, sometimes they are in a good mood then there are times when they are distant. Oh! I strongly urge ppl to read that free meal coupon. It's ONLY for entries! No sides or drinks. So get a day starter or another full meal.
5	We love this Good Egg so much that we go there every Monday and every Friday.  The menu at The Good Egg has food choices for meat-lovers and non meat-lovers.  Monday is our oatmeal day and you can have it straight up or embellished with nuts, fresh berries, cinnamon, or whatever combination floats your boat.  The oatmeal is made fresh to order and isn't sitting around all day in a pot on the stove.  We bring our own almond milk to compliment the steamy bowl of yumminess (and good for you too).  My husband and I gave up meat and dairy two years ago and we really put this kitchen to the test.  And, they deliver EVERY TIME.  The wait staff is so accommodating with our Whole Foods/Plant Based lifestyle.  We have countless, modified breakfast items to enjoy here at The Good Egg. They even added an Egg White, No Cheese, or Meat,  Breakfast Tacos dish to the menu.  Yum O.  Our "modified" other favs are the Veggie Omelet sans the cheese and add avocado, Veggie Skillet with egg whites, again no cheese for us (we don't even miss it) w/black beans in lieu of potatoes.  Ask for some Cholula sauce to kick up these dishes even more. Even though the food here is always great...we keep coming back for the friendly, and most often funny staff.  Not quirky funny but have a laugh funny.  We call our Friday's with Greg "therapeutic".
4	Great food and large servings! Sometimes a little crowded and noisy but overall dining is pleasant.  Usually try to eat here at least once a month with the family! Awesome wheat French toast and best bacon slices around town!
3	Breakfast 10:30 9/8/13Acceptable is about it. My Pesto Parmesan eggs Benedict were barely warm. The hostess shouldn't be a hostess. Poor customer attitude. You should NEVER wave your hand towards a customer to get their attention when they're 10 feet away and make them come to you. Pick up 2 menus, walk over and say "your table is ready, if you'd please follow me." Even her greeting seemed like she was irritated she had to be there. There are better Good Eggs in town.
2	So the family would like me to start off by saying wouldn't it be nice if the servers smiled at least once. Oh yes and why are they so stingy with the butter. Oh and when did they change their menu. I guess we shouldn't expect good things to remain good forever, but we can dream. We used to enjoy The Good Egg but now......well.....meh. Wish we still liked it but, no.
3	While I'm still trying to find more awesome breakfast spots when I visit my friend in AZ, I keep coming to this place since I find it to be an acceptable place to get decent early morning fare. I received nice and prompt service and most importantly, my coffee kept getting refilled so no complaints there. The menu options will give people a chance to find something they like and I do appreciate a good amount of healthy options.I still wish I can find some local brunch gems but this place suffices in the meantime.
5	Best breakfast place in Mesa! And Keith is one of the best servers anywhere! Get the stamp card and after 7 stamps your next meal is free! And sign up for their birthday club and get a freebie for your birthday! Food cooked perfectly every time. GREAT bacon. Nice patio. They bring a pitcher of water to the table which is a nice touch. And they do gluten free and will take good care of you if you have special food needs. We don't have problems but have seen the attention to details for those who do and it's comforting to know the servers and owners take these things seriously.
5	Love the Good Egg.  GREAT food, good service, clean.  Never disappoints no matter which location.
2	Sub par food that's overpriced, but even worse is the service. Denise was my server and she was awful. Looked like the whole staff didn't want to be there, but she was particularly bad. Didn't ask us if we needed anything or how our food was even though she asked the people next to us moments prior. She would waltz past us, forget about the basic things asked of her like a to go box, and to top it off the  first and only time she stopped by our table without us having to flag her down was to drop off the check, without making any eye contact, and telling us that we could pay at the cashier at anytime.
3	Just average. My eggs Benedict Florentine was good but almost no discernable bacon on it. I'll stick with Black Bear Diner
4	My husband and I are big fans of breakfast fare and we've become regulars at The Good Egg for consistent delicious fixes.They have an extensive menu that provides more healthy options (that actually taste good) than most breakfast restaurants offer.The service and food isn't always stellar, which is why I give it 4 stars rather than 5, but both are usually excellent and I have never left completely disappointed.
5	This is my regular Sunday brunch place.  I am 90% gluten and dairy free except when I go here.  The cinnamon french toast is better than well....lets say a hot man.  The skillets are wonderful and the wait staff is usually very friendly.  My only wish is the coffee was a smidge milder.
4	This place has a great menu, particularly for breakfast and brunch, that allows you to select from the standards or experiment with something more creative. Omelettes, scrambles, and the southwestern dishes have always been my go-tos, among which, the Old Pueblo (off the South by Southwest section of the menu) is my absolute fav!Every location I've visited across the valley has great service, food, and ambiance. ANDDD...the Arizona hot sauce at each table is knock-your-socks-off good (try the organic chipotle habanero)!
3	Not bad overall. This is like my 10th time dining at a Good Egg restaurant and I can say that while most of the time the food is good, they never seem to get all the food hot. For instance my dish came with breakfast potatoes and while they were tasty, they came out cold. They happily replaced them but still, it's frustrating when they tell you "careful the plates are extremely hot" but the food isn't.  Also, they have plain coffee and flavored ones. Their plain coffee is obviously very cheap as it tastes horrible when it is anything but piping hot. Service was good today but the kitchen service seemed very slow even though we were at the tail end of their midday rush.
1	Having never been to a Good Egg I was sadly disappointed.  The traffic at 10:00AM was as expected, busy. Suprisingly we were seated within 15 minutes. The waitress brought the beverages in a timely maner & that is where it stops. After taking our order it took forever for our first item to arive. My son got his cheese buger at least 5 minutes before I got my measly Spanish omlette then while we waited & waited 2 more of our party's dishes arrived . A minute or so later a fifth dish arrived. My husband waited, nothing, finally the waitress came by to see how everything was & almost left before my husband could tell her he had not received his. Oh, Ha,Ha it went to someone else. So, Ha,Ha we will take our business somewhere else.          saravh
2	I've been coming here for a few years and have generally had positive experiences. There food is normally quite good, but I think I've been there my last time.  We went for breakfast this morning.  We were told that there was a 15 minute wait. It was actually more like 35 mins. No big deal, these sorts of things happen. After being seated it took longer than normal for the server to take our orders.  Again, no big deal.But then about 40 minutes later, I had to flag down our server to ask if our food was on its way (keep in mind there were only two of us and so it wasn't because we had a large order) and she assured me it was. A few minutes later, she drops by with my side order (a side of biscuits & gravy), but neither entree. So I guess I'm supposed to eat first or let it go cold? About five minutes later our entrees arrive and we're starving now. We've been at this restaurant for 80 or so minutes by now and we finally have our plates! My wife's food seems alright, but my corn beef hash is cold in sections. Not only that, but as I move my plate over so my wife can try it, my hand gets covered in brown stuff from the bottom of the plate! Fortunately, it's chocolate rather than, well, other brown stuff, but still, I'm pretty annoyed by now.  I tell the server of my cold corn beef hash and she rushes off to get me a new portion. But of course, it again takes a while and by this time, I've lost my patience and my appetite. When paying the check, the lady asked us how everything was, and I told her that frankly I wasn't pleased. She said sorry and asked if we wanted to speak with the manager. I declined. I just wanted to leave--because we'd spent way too much of our day there already. I wasn't going to wait around any longer.  I still left our server a generous tip, because I don't think it was really her fault, but then felt crappy about spending $26 dollars for an awful experience. It's HIGHLY unlikely that I'll return here again. Very disappointed with the service and wait time.  In fact, as we were leaving the table next to us was complaining about the service as well.
2	So strange...we were added to the waiting list (about 8 on the list ahead of us), looked around and saw tons of empty tables/booths. Super slow at getting people seated at them! Very high prices ($5 for a single pancake)! The server was fine, breakfast a bit slow in delivery, and food just okay. Won't be returning!
2	I was in the mood for an omelet on Saturday so I brought my 2 year old daughter with me. She got a kids meal, all were $5 which is fine. I ordered the Sun Devil omelet with diced ham, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and cheese and a side of fruit.My omelet seriously had like 5 small thin pieces of ham. And when I say pieces, I mean pieces like cut into a small square about the size of a nickel. I was pretty disappointed with it. For $8 I expected a lot more ham than that... I need meat in my breakfast! For $8 I could have bought a dozen eggs, an onion, a pepper, a tomato, and some cheese and made enough omelets for 6+ people for the same price. The veggies in the omelet were sprinkled all right in the middle so I pretty much had to chop up the whole thing up and mix it around to try to distribute everything a little more evenly. Was hoping to find more ham that way but nope. My daughters meal was fine, actually a much larger portion than I expected so I suppose that's good. I wanted to give 3 stars but really I was totally disappointed and I don't really want to come back. I've had way better omelets at IHOP, so that really says something.The service was fine, they brought me potatoes instead of fruit at first but our waiter fixed that quickly. They were busy but we were able to sit on the patio right away, and there were misters keeping us cool so that was fine too. We waited for our food a reasonable amount of time. My 2 stars are really just on the food itself and what I got for my money.
4	Greg is a great server! Food is yummy and prices are very reasonable. My boyfriend and I like to come here for brunch on our days off. Wish they were open late for the days I am in the mood for breakfast for dinner.
1	I had a very negative experience at the Good egg during my last visit (about 4 months ago). I haven't been back since and don't have any plans of returning. I have been going to the good egg (this location and the one and Bell Rd) for at least 6 or so years, but my last return left such a bad taste in my mouth that I find it hard to return. Let's see. We waited 30-40 minutes to get seated (which I admit isn't the restaurant's fault) and then another 45 minutes to get our food (this part, I do blame the restaurant for)! After seeing other tables (that were seated after us) get their food, I finally flagged down our server and asked about our meals.  I think to appease me she decided to bring a part of my dish (a side of biscuits and gravy) and said that the rest of my breakfast (and my companion's) would arrive shortly. Great. Two hungry people with a side or biscuits and gravy after nearly an hour and a half of total waiting!It took another few minutes to get the rest of our food and it was....cold. Yeah, cold.  Clearly it had been sitting a while. I flagged down our server again and when I picked up my plate to send it back, I found that the bottom of my plate had a handful of chocolate syrup/frosting/whipped cream. Nice touch. All in all just a frustrating experience and not at all worth the $35 or so bucks (after tip) that I spent.
5	Our server Kaitlyn was AMAZ!!!! She recommended the roasted corn pancakes and they were sooo good. Good Egg never disappoints. Been coming here for years and the food, service, and atmosphere are top notch!
4	"Nice & Simple"2 Eggs (cooked to order) w/ an English Muffin.Where would I have any room to complain on something so "simple" :)Only $1 to add an egg, and there's a whole list of extra sides for all orders over $5!Place is quite the bargain for the quickness in turning tables and quality of the food.Reason for not giving a full '5' Stars is mainly the staff and size of this location. But I'm only human, and the point of my visit is for a quality breakfast/brunch at a reasonable price. That they accomplished so bravo Good Egg.
5	The good egg is my favorite place... Everyday I have oatmeal with the fixin's .. Sometimes I have a pancake... It's great food ... But the Service is wonderful Greg my almost everyday server is the best... So polite friendly... Makes my day! .. He brings sunshine when the Egg is busy... Or the kitchen is back up... Over all wonderful place...
4	After writing my review the manager contacted me to apologize and asked if we would give them a second chance. We went back on a busy day but were seating quickly, and everything was fine. I wanted to order the omelet again just to see if they improved it, but I was really in the mood for french toast. So I ordered the french toast combo, daughter got a kids breakfast, and fiance got a skillet. Everything was really good and our waitress was good about checking on us an appropriate amount of times. I don't have any complaints really - the only thing I would say is that when our food came out, it was dropped off by someone else who just put it on our table and left rather quickly without asking if we needed anything. There was no syrup on our table, no salt and pepper, and we needed more napkins. I was a little annoyed because I wanted to start eating. But our waitress came out about 2 minutes after and realized we didn't have syrup and brought it right away without us even having to ask. She also said the salt and pepper was inside (we sat on the patio) because it had rained the night before and the humidity was clogging the salt shakers so they had kept them inside. I appreciated the explanation and overall this experience was much better than the first.
1	Ok where to start burnt bacon, had to ask for replacement,  little flying bugs on the fruit and landing in your yogurt, have to ask for a replacement. Had to beg for water, took 30 minutes plus to get now cold and buggy and burnt food. Cashier rudely asked how was meal.... um yucky and gross. It was not that busy, less than 15 tables and service was ridiculously slow.  Um don't go there if ur hungry and don't like bugs....negative stars.......
5	This is by far the best place in my area for great food at a fair price. And I can't say enough about the staff ... From Debbie the mgr. Greg, Caitlin, along with all the fine servers ... It's like having breakfast with my family every time I roll in. Highly recommend!!!!!!!!
4	Been coming a long time. Food is good and very customizable,  which can be handy since they changed their menu a little while ago and some of the old favs arent as recognizable(now a burrito when i used to order scramble-Hot Juan, but they still make the scramble if you ask). Multiple batter options, no grief when I request a single yolk in my scramble...etc.  Service can be a little slow even when not too busy, which is my only real gripe. Love the Organic Harvest Jalapeno hot sauce too!
4	Love this place!  I go for breakfast a lot; today I had lunch there for the first time.  I ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla and the (very helpful) waiter let me know it would just have chicken and cheese, which would have been OK, but he then suggested having it with peppers, onions, sauce and green chilis mixed in ("the old way" they used to make it)... Well, I took his suggestion and the quesadilla was awesome!!  This is a great place for kids, too.  Can't beat the pancakes. :)
5	That's right!!!!! I'm changin' things up today  The corn beef hash is to die for!!!!!
4	Classic yet accessible. Food was very good and the server Kaitlin did a great job taking care of me at the bar. I can be high maintenance but I was more than adequately serviced! Kudos to a nice restaurant team from someone who has been in the business for a decade
5	I couldn't say better things about this place. We come here alot offer the gym as it is in the same complex. Food is always great, staff is awesome, and food is never cold.  Today they really went above and beyond. Right after we sat down Debbie (manager) came up to us and asked us if we lost anything while sitting down waiting to be seated. We said, "no I don't think so". She said check your pockets. My Roomate said yes I lost about $400. She gave us the money. We tried to give her $20 for making sure we got the money we lost and she would not except. Very professional and classy.
5	Just recently moved to the area and happy to have found a go to breakfast joint. They offer a wide variety of plates, some healthy, some more glutinous. The place is always busy but is worth the plate. Ask for kaitlyn to be your waittress. She hooks it up and makes the meal all that more enjoyable. 5 stars.
4	I was really in the mood for breakfast and you can't go wrong with The Good Egg, they have a great offering for breakfast.  Even though there was a wait, I was able to get a counter seat quickly and Catrina was a great waitress to make the breakfast complete.  I had ala cart, pancakes, biscuit and gravy and bacon.  Everything was as order and tasted great!
5	I've only had two things off of the menu, so my review is pancake-based. I'm 240 pounds of beard and man and with that being said, I can't ever finish more than 3/4 of a short stack. The portions are HUGE! I like the whole wheat option, as well as being able to select different nuts, or oats, fruits, or even chocolate chips to add to the pancakes. The real maple syrup option is the deal-sealer. Our service here has always been good as well. When you've been here enough times, they'll start to worry when you don't come as often. Ha! For my fellow gym goers: They have one of the healthiest breakfast menus you can find. I'm into heavy lifting, so I love coming here to carb up. (Obviously...pancakes)Give this place a visit when you get out of the gym, or when you're in the area!
1	We used to eat at the Good Egg on Union Hills regularly, however the service and food had been disappointing the past few visits.  It's unfortunate the manager is lazy and it has degraded the operations.  Food is slow to come out and undercooked.  They don't have enough waitstaff so our waitress was working multiple sections of tables.  Hopefully they will get a better manager soon.
3	Had the opportunity to eat here again. Service was still slow, had the same waiter.  There was a vast improvement in the food! Food was hot, and yummy. Loved the biscuits! Would eat here again, maybe ask to be seated in another section.
2	Bad Egg.  Food is not good. Got the skillet which tasted like old Chinese food,  pancakes were so dry.  Our server was great however. Won't return.
1	We have been to this restaurant a few times and won't be going back! This is by far the dirtiest place I have eaten. Every time we have been there food is wedged in between the cracks of the booths and the tables are sticky. There is so much food under the floor that you have to swipe it away before you sit down. In regards to customer service, the manager (don't know her name but older women with a sour look) is always very rude and unpleasant. We kept going back because the food was fresh and good but I can no longer deal with dirt. Spend your money elsewhere and don't eat on other peoples filth.
1	If I could rate the service for this specific location less than zero, I would. It should not have taken an hour to get our food when my party was 2 out of 8 people in the entire restaurant. Let's start with the poor management. Apparently a business meeting they were doing a catering pickup order for was miscommunicated and was actually a drop off. So instead of sending a busser or back of house prep cook, the manager decides to send 2 of the 3 servers to the drop off. How do I know this? Everyone did, as the manager was literally yelling on the phone for EVERYONE to hear. How hard is 10 people for one server you ask? In my opinion not much at all, but you may need to tell that server that she needs to pick up the other tables as the other two servers left. Here's where the fun begins, 5-6 parties show up at once and at this time the one server still hasn't made rounds to the abandoned tables to take their orders. You would think the manager would step up and wait some tables, however she was busy telling new potential customers that "we cannot seat you. We only have one server" as their confused faces looked upon 30+ open tables. At this time, two parties that were seated half an hour ago were walking out because their orders haven't been taken yet.As for the food. They earned 3 stars for my girlfriend's plate as it was subpar and a 1 star for mine. It takes much skill to burn and under cook potatoes at the same time. Maybe that's worthy of 5 stars. The cook's a magician nonetheless. My chorizo had the consistency of tofu and was deemed inedible. I do like tofu but not when it's advertised as pork. I will not be returning until the under new management sign appears.
5	Love this place! Very casual and the staff is friendly... I always love lotsa cream in my coffee.. They'll bring it to YA!
4	We needed to eat where we thought we'd be able to order a meal low in sodium.  We came as close as possible, but overall it was still around 700 mg of sodium.  However, the waitress was very patient and helpful and the cook was more than willing to prepare potatoes without butter and salt.  This really made a huge difference!Plus, they have a binder with a complete nutritional breakdown of their menu items.  Viewing this also helped.  All restaurants should offer this feature to customers.  Our food was tasty and the atmosphere was pleasant.  It is a very clean and well lighted space.  I would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but I found it a bit expensive.  We would eat. Here again.  It was an overall good experience.
