5	It's like your buddy next door sells e-juice. Great place to hang out and chat.Great juices awesome vibe.Top notch.
5	I stopped by to pick up some of their exclusive and famous Big Willies Vanilla Custard. Only place that carries it.  It's a must try/buy.
5	If you are looking for a reasonably priced knowledgable staff with a great selection of liquid, this is the spot.   These guys want you to have a good experience with ecigs and will take time to help out.  You have to try the vanilla custard.
5	Stopped in today after seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp and checking out their Facebook page. Walked in and was greeted right away by the owner, who very friendly and down to earth. He asked questions to figure out what I had, what I was looking for, and what I liked. He was able to answer all of my questions and had some helpful tips, like bringing in burnt out coils for them to rebuild. I already have a vape, so I was mostly in the market for some better juices. Their house juices were mainly what I was after, and wow, were they good. If you're going to try their samples and do zero nicotine vaping like myself,  just puff and don't inhale, as their samples contain nicotine. I tried almost all the flavors and never felt any effects, so I have no complaints, just keep it in mind!My favorites came out to be the blueberry and banana nut bread. They blew away all the other juices I've tried, even house juices from a vape shop in Vegas. They come in a nice amber glass jar with a glass dropper. Should keep things fresh longer and is very easy to dispense into my ProTank mini 2. I've already recommended this place to a few friends, and I know I'll be back!
5	No matter if your a beginner trying to quit smoking or a pro cloud chaser, this is the spot.  Luis and Sam will help you from you very first e-cig setup to the most powerful custom mod.  Great service from when you walk in the door Luis will run up and shake your hand and welcome you to his "home". This place was created with community in mind there are several couches to sit and relax on and a full service juice bar to sample the tons of flavors he carries. I personally am a big internet shopper but have changed my thinking a lot now that I've been to this store several times yes I can buy a tank online for 3 dollars less I can also wait and stalk the mailman wondering what snow storm back east held my package up.  Buying local keeps more money in Arizona and this is local business I'd love to see do well.  So stop in and enjoy your new addiction VAPE ON!!!!
5	Loved it here! They have amazing customer service and answer any questions you may have. I went in looking for new juices and told them what I liked and they let me sample tons of them until I found what I liked. I've even gone in for help with my battery and my coils. This is an amazing shop. Luis and Sam make you feel right at home. Best shop I have found!
5	I have found my new e-cig store.......This Old Vape Shop:-)What a GREAT place, Sam was/is the nicest guy.  He knows everything:-)  It is so nice to SEE what you are buying rather than trying to figure out if you are getting the RIGHT product.  No more online purchases of e-cigs and supplies for me.Thanks Sam, I am now a loyal customer.
5	What an incredible place! I've been vaping for about 6 months and this is the first place I've been to that seems to legitimately care about the customer. Kind, polite, and helpful don't even begin to describe the owner & staff. They carry only top notch products and will not sell you something that you don't need. Keep up the great work!
5	Five stars! Yes FIVE. Its beginning to get hard to set yourself apart from other Vape Shops in town but these guys have totally done it. The vibe is ultra chill and these guys know their product and customers. This was seriously the first time I've sat down and BS'd in a vape shop because it was so welcoming. Brought my kid along and he enjoyed the bottled pop and said he even liked the shop as we walked out the door. I felt no pressure to buy any thing and like how they have some items out for display and not behind a glass display case.I left with some organic hemp wick and a sick glass drip trip. Couldn't help myself. Ha! Will totally go back.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would. This place is amazing! They have every flavor they sell available to try out in the store. Plus they have everything you need to have the best vaping experience. I couldn't ask for a better place to go. There are over 10 places on my way there and they don't even get close to this place in quality and great service!
5	Great customer service , staff is pleasant , knowledgable, and laid back. They have a great selection of juices all loaded into nautalis minis , along with sanatized  drip tips. Relaxing experience with no pressure just sat around and BS'dfor a couple hours. Will be back for sure
5	I wasn't even planning on buying a vape... My boyfriend went in to get one but everyone there was so nice and friendly (even their cute pup!) and there were soooo many good flavors I ended up buying one!  The small starter one... They help me put it together & everything.  Great experience :)
5	Awesome dudes, hooked it up with an adapter ring for free. Sampling for everything, and a wide selection of QUALITY ejuice. Even the least expensive stuff they have is awesome. I used to buy ejuice online, but not anymore. Can't stress the good quality enough, just go try it. Also, their late hours are great. I am always disappointed when places close at five or early on the weekend. I can understand why, but the fact that theyre open 7 days and 3 of them are late makes them even more badass.
5	Awesome selection of juice as well as different pens.  The customer service is great and informative.
5	I went in looking for a specific tank for my Nautilus that I wanted. I work in landscaping and have dropped my setup one too many times and broke the glass one so I was looking for one a little more durable. I had never been there before, I had just looked them up here on yelp. The first thing I noticed was how cool the shop was. The second thing was although they hang out like most vape shops, I didn't have to stand there awkwardly trying to figure out who worked there like some shops. One of the guys there stood right up and came and shook my hand and asked how he could help me. They didn't have what I was looking for. So although they were really nice I was about to leave empty handed. Then someone else in the shop said hey,  and offered to give me a tank that he had. I was a new customer, no loyalty to their shop (yet), and he was willing to just give me something out of kindness. Because of that I turned around and made the other purchase that I was also looking for (BVC coils). While ringing me up he informed me of the best way to prime them as well. This shop is everything I've been looking for in my vape shop. As a new vaper I'm glad I finally have found "my" shop. When I'm ready to move up to the regulated mod I've been thinking of getting I know where I'll be going. Thanks guys!
5	I have been going to this shop for a little under a year.  I have tried a few other shops.  I keep coming back here.  The juice is amazing.   There are a lot of flavors to choose from.  The customer service is amazing.  The whole experience is pretty nifty.  They have never steered me wrong when it comes to tanks and batteries.  I will never go any where else to get my vape supplies.
5	I found This Old Vape Shop on the recommendation of a FB friend. I was instantly drawn in with the friendly people and the enormous juice selection. They had a juice I'd been looking for and many others I was introduced to. You guys rock. Definitely be returning and hanging out again. Thanks guys.
5	Just based off variety of flavors alone I can give this place five stars; however, it's the customer service that stands out. I've been in customer service/retail management for over 15 years and this establishment excels in service. The knowledge, friendliness, and overall vibe of the employees and owner are astounding! Keep up the good work and many years to you guys!
