5	This is not your tourist friendly Italian restaurant where you would settle with a pizza. This is an Italian restaurant run by Italians with a real Italian experience in the taste of their food and wine. Having visted Italy many times my expectations were high.The interior has a nice modern designer feel to it without trying too hard to be cool, lot's of dark wood and granite walls with soft lighting and some funky lightshades is a good mix and they do it well.The staff were friendly, so i didn't hold it against the waiter when he accidently threw the bread roll at my wife, and it was quickly made up for by the excellent service.The menu has more of a regional feel to it, rather than trying to cover all that Italy has to offer. The majority of pasta dishes are reserved for the starters, as they should be and with the mains are meat and seafood. I noticed there was a lot of seafood available from lobster, seabass, swordfish and tiger prawns, and the only red meat was lamb.  I didn't see this as a bad thing, rather more of a sign that if things are kept simple they will be done well.While deciding, we had olives brought out for us with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, i am not a fan of olives (unless cooked) but i thought i would try one, and i must say not bad, still not a fan though but a lovely gesture.My starter, described as filled pockets of pasta in olive oil and nutmeg, was the perfect sized starter, i must admit perhaps it was a little too hot, which the waiter did warn me about, so i felt some of the flavour was lost, untill i allowed it to cool down. My wife went with the bruschetta, which although the bread was slightly too cook around the edges, it certainly held it's flavour and the mushrooms were amazing.The mains, well im glad my starter was not too filling because this did the job. We both went for the orecchiette with lamb, and i could have given them 5 stars alone just for this. The lamb was cooked to perfection and just melted in your mouth and the pasta to meat ratio was too my liking, plus the orecchiette was not over cooked.Now i must admit, the highlight of the night was to go down stairs after the meal to sample some Italian artisan beers in their newly opened bar 'Serendipidy', with a huge selection of personally imported beers and a private tasting room in a cellar, i was sold! But we were told the bad news that as it's just opened they are only opened on weekends, but the waiter did take us down for a private tour.So now im looking forward to Saturday night, go see a movie and finish the night sampling some Italian craft beers............Oh and i loved the little box your bill comes in, i did want to take that home with me.
5	I had to update beause I popped by here last Saturday night to visit their new wine bar.  Unfortunately it was hosting a private party, so we asked if there happened to be a table available.  Typical for a Saturday night, the place was booked.BUT.. the host asked if we could be done by 8:30 (it was 7:30 and we'd said we only wanted drinks and nibbles).  We assured him we'd be quick, and he gave us a table.  The food came out lightning fast and my parents went completely nuts for it.  This is *genuine* Italian food.  Seriously.  I was very impressed that, despite being flat out crazy busy, they fit us in.  I did get a bit of cheeky Italian chat from the host who informed me that he would give me a business card so I could make a booking next time, but you know, fair enough!  I can't wait to check out that wine bar.
5	*swoon* Era squisito! From the olives and bottle of red waiting for me on arrival to the complimentary shot of limoncello on departure, Locanda de Gusti delivered, and then delivered again and again, all I hold most dear in the world of fine food.I have had a longing to go to Italy for over a year now. The cities, the culture, the history, the sunshine, the coast, the wine. And the food. Oh the food. Italian food and me should really get a room. And Locanda de Gusti, as Mike S has already said, serve up real Italian food which was only confirmed by the waiter we were chatting with. The head chef and 'boss' is from Naples and the food, served in Naples portions, was as authentic as you can get. Scan the menu and you'll see no pizza. And limited pasta options only as starters / middle courses. As it turns out, in Naples pizza is more like a biscuit rather than the large pizzas we get here. I have now added Naples to my Italy-trip list to try these types of pizzas.The menu was largely made of meat dishes. Anyone who knows me can imagine the glazed look of sheer joy at this fact. I eat meat for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and between-meal snacks. So it was only obvious that the boy and I were each going to choose from the specials menu the two main meat platters. He opted for the red meat, and I the fish.The red meat platter served up a sirloin steak, lamb chop, pork loin, spicy sausage and some chicken. The fish platter proffered sea bass, tuna steak, swordfish steak, a scallop, and two langoustine king prawns. Both served with some fresh vegetables, roast potatoes and salad. (See uploaded photos).Words cannot do it all justice. From the cured meat starter, the melt-in-your-mouth mozarella, the rare cooked tuna (the first time I've had it served properly rare in Edinburgh), the charcoal-grilled flavour to the fish, the giant langoustine prawns, the very generous servings (we are told this is the Naples-way), to the so-sweet and delicious balsamic vinegar on the salad. I must have eaten about 2 1/2 whole servings of fish. After a giant platter of cured meats to start. And yet I didn't leave with the dreaded 'food baby' that some Italian meals can give when they serve up an unhumanly large amount of pasta slathered in creamy sauce. Now I know how Italian woman stay so svelte and stunning. Because they don't eat British-Italian. They eat real Italian.And oh that berry liqueor I had as a digestif was just divine. It smelled of herbs, wonderful herbs, and tasted of berries and was just all good things in a dark, sweet liquid.Can you tell that I'm a little bit in love with this place? Tucked away at the very bottom of Broughton Street, on the corner, it had avoided the tourist-crush of the Festivals which was pleasant but I also hope that they do get enough customers through the door. Locanda de Gusti is far too good to go unnoticed, so at once I want to tell everyone about it, but keep it as my little secret.So go, eat real Italian food, mop up oil and vinegar with your bread, order the tiramisu (I was too full to, but am told it is excellent), enjoy the limoncello and toast Salute!
3	Wish I could rave as others have, but while the food here is good, it's not five star. We were in Edinburgh the end of August for the last few days of Fringe and happened into here one early evening. Almost empty, not a good sign. Table service was OK, but given the lack of patrons, the time for food to arrive was slower than one would of hoped for. Quality was about what one would find in a typical San Francisco neighborhood restaurant; that is to say quite serviceable, but not remarkable. Given that we found better places, should we return to Edinburgh, we won't return here.
5	When you speak about italian food you think lasagna,spaghetti , pizza...but italian is more different and interesting who only this. The owner in this restaurant show our good face of italian creative restaurant.  Clean and polite ambient  . The food is good chance to take a taste from some things simply different, interesting and very homemade italian food! Fresh homemade pasta, fresh fish and meat .! Thank you , Giuseppe.
4	I had lunch here recently and was pleasantly suprised. Started off with a glass of prosecco, which was nice but not quite as nice as in Divino Enoteca. For starter I chose grilled scamorza cheese with rocket salad and honey. It was really delicious, I enjoyed it a lot. The portion size was right too - not too big or small. My main course was fish of the day, seabass, cooked with a tomato sauce with some black olives and capers. Again it was delicious - cooked perfectly with flakes of fish falling off. Delicate flavours, mmm.The waiters were friendly and attentive and I would definitely return again.
3	Food  & service is 4 stars. The ambiance, location and presentation just about 2 stars  It felt like eating in a Hotel Restaurant / breakfast room. No real character, but something on the wall and on the bar to remind you this is an Italian.No atmosphere. Just.. nice.
3	Disappointing to start off with.We choose from the "Pre-theatre Menu" which was almost like a tourist trap kinda menu. The interior was nice but not really Italian, more hotel restaurant feel. How do you get carpaccio de Mortadella? Simply add a few slices of mortadella to some lettuce, there you go.  A tad novice and a rip off. I had caprese de mozzarella - ok again nothing to shout with joy. For mains, the other half had the gnocchi, which was under seasoned. Don't they taste the food before it goes out?  I had the chicken with shrimps and veg. It had a tomato sauce. Once again it was nothing with the wow factor but it was ok. I question this, why is this place doing the groupon voucher?  Surely it's to get new people through the door. With this visit and although the staff and customer service was good I feel a three star is valid as I thought the food let the hype down for locando di gusto.  I don't think we'll be back as I can cook better Italian food than here and I've certainly had better in other restaurants in the uk and in Italy. I had this on my restaurant bucket list as one to go to but I was so disappointed with the food as I was so looking forward to it.  Value and food just lets the place down.
