4	Imagine if Chipotle and Filiberto's had a baby, and read on!I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this "shipping container restaurant" next to Dutch Brothers on 83rd Avenue and Thunderbird Road. Anytime we can get a non mega chain in the Peoria/Glendale area, I'm the first in line. The construction on this building was slow going, and it wasn't until last night that I realized it was open, as I drove to Sprouts in the same parking lot. I am still unsure if this is a soft opening, but according to their Facebook, they've been open nearly a month. Very curious.Let's discuss the notion of a drive thru/walk up only restaurant. I think it is entirely novel and very fitting that Brushfire Tacos y Tapas is literally steps away from Dutch Brothers. While the drive through is not yet open, the walk up window is. I love the innovative use of the storage container to house an entire restaurant, it is a way to "upcycle" or use something old in an innovative way. It seems almost too forward thinking for this side of town, or even this state; it's very "Portland." I'm thrilled!!Enough of the restaurant and anticlimactic opening; let's discuss the food. My boyfriend and I sampled just about every Mexican option this evening, spending nearly $30 on enough food for at least 3 people. Next time we will sample some things off of the Tapas side of the menu. I tried one of each:Vegetable Taco- I only ate a few bites, but this was very good. The primary ingredient tasted like breakfast style potatoes with a mix of peppers, mushrooms, and salsa. It wasn't spicy, but it was flavorful and would be filling for vegetarians and non vegetarians alike.Chicken Taco/Burrito- Pretty straightforward but still good. The chicken was somewhere in between Filiberto's and Chipotle: better quality than Filly B's, but not as flavorful or juicy as Chipotle. Basic taco with pico de gallo and cheese. My boyfriend got the Chicken Burrito which is their standard one. It's as big as a Chipotle Burrito rolled with rice, beans, guac, lettuce, pico, cilantro lime dressing, and cheese. Overall, more ingredients and flavors than a standard Chipotle burrito. He thought it was overall better than a Filiberto's chicken burrito, and almost better than Chipotle if only the rice had more flavor.Al Pastor Taco- Warning, no Al Pastor ever satisfies me like America's Taco Shop, so it's almost a futile effort that I sample Al Pastor everywhere. The pork was fine, but had an almost unnaturally sweet pineapple flavor. I liked that they were generous with the pineapple on it though, but it tasted just like cold, canned pineapple tidbits. Just an okay taco.Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold. The tortilla and filling felt like it came out of the fridge. Maybe because they put some sort of coleslaw on top, and then wrap it up. No matter, it was a cold turnoff. I only ate 1 bite, and the shrimp itself was tasty.Side of rice/beans- The whole pinto beans were VERY tasty and to me had more flavor than Chipotle. I only wish their rice was equally good. It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry. It touts that it is cilantro lime, but you could hardly see any specks of cilantro, and if their was lime juice detectable at all, it tasted artificial.Desserts- This is important: their desserts are AMAZING. As good of a warm churro as any you'd hope to eat. While the tacos were lukewarm at best, somehow the churro stayed hotter than anything else, and I ate it last. Very good!! I think it was supposed to come with chocolate and it didn't, but who cares?! Then there is the Espresso Flan, an unusual idea. It was delicious and unique, easily the tastiest thing we ordered from Brushfire!So, overall I would say 3-3.5 stars for food, but due to its convenient location and novel concept I gave it 4 stars. You should definitely give Brushfire a try; as far as I know it's the first location in Arizona. I'd love to see Peoria as the home to more restaurant debuts like this! I hope they work out some of the kinks, most importantly: not overcooking rice and meats, and serving food at the proper hot temperature. So if you're look for a fast way to satisfy your taco craving that is a step up from Filiberto's, but yet not quite to the execution level of Chipotle, give Brushfire a try!
4	Ate here for the first time tonight. The cashier was very friendly. We ordered some veggie tacos and they were delicious! They were a little on the small side so next time we'll probably order three each. At only about $10 for two people (not including drinks), we will definitely be back!
1	This place was tasty. That's the only thing they had going for them. Portions are ridiculously small for the price. Pretty sure I didn't order off of the kids meal... Took 20 minutes to get my order. For $10 I got 2 tacos 1 empenda, a tiny soda that was gone before I got my food and chips and salsa... Oh wait... When I got to work I found out they forgot my chips. What a waste of space. Zero stars if I could.
5	Keith H needs to get his panties out of a twist. Do not let his one star rating fool you, this place is a gem.
4	My girl and I had a steak taco, chicken taco, croquetas, and an empanada. All had a great flavor. I would suggest trying this place to anyone.
4	I really like the concept of a quick drive through place like the Dutch Bros next door. I wasn't sure what to try when I pulled up to the window so this isn't going to be a full review on the whole menu. Only on what I had and my girlfriend had. I ordered a chicken taco, pork taco, 2 shrimp tacos, and the croquetas. The chicken taco was so-so... They forgot my salsa which would've helped but the taco itself didn't have much flavor and the chicken was slightly on the dry side. I was glad I ordered a pork taco because that one was more tasty. Im not a huge fan of pineapple but it definitely made the pork taco unique and pretty tasty. Didn't even need salsa. The croquetas were the best part!! they were nice and warm, very cheesy with a good tangy chipotle type sauce on top. My girlfriend's two shrimp tacos were pretty tasty and had a yummy sauce on it. She ordered it without the slaw which I think would've made it better. Portions were small but I wasn't too hungry so it wasn't going to kill me. I'll go again to try more things because I find myself at Dutch Bros a lot. I'll post an update on more menu items as i try them.
2	My family ate here on Sunday afternoon.  We sat outside at one of the two shaded tables.  It was super hot outside, but I tried to not let it bother me. I thought it was a bit too expensive for the quantity of food and the location.  As for the food itself:Chicken taco with verde salsa: dry chicken, lacked flavor, but it was all white meat which I appreciateShrimp en fuego: battered deep fried shrimp, really goodChips and guacamole: there were at least two chunks where 20 chips had all stuck together in a giant stack, and the guac had zero flavorEmpanada: really good.  Sometimes empanadas get tough but this one was flaky and delishIt is a convenient location, but I won't go back unless someone else initiates.
1	Just tried them for the first time and I have been waiting for them to open. Terrible terrible terrible. I asked a veggie burrito with no gauc and it was covered in it and I dont like mushrooms and she said that there weren't many in the veggies and that was a fabrication. I tossed it in the trash without eating it And the tacos that we ordered tasted like they had been sitting there for awhile and they were soggy. I'm glad we tried it cause now I'm not wondering and I won't be going back
3	I was so excited to try this place. This area lacks charming locally owned restaurants, so I try to support the ones here whenever I can.  I have been following their facebook posts but never saw an official "We are open" announcement. So it wasn't till yelp reviews started popping up that I realized I could go. We went on a Thursday night. There was not a long line for the drive thru so we were able to get in and out pretty fast. Here is what we had- 3 chicken tacos, chips and salsa, croquettas, and 2 veggie tacos. It totalled maybe 16 dollars? Not a bad price at all. I was full too so I have no complaints on the portion size. I mean I could have eaten more, but its best I didn't.Anyways, I thoroughly enjoyed the croquettas. They were freshly friend and very tasty. I liked the dipping sauce too. The spicy inferno salsa was also pleasantly spicy with a good flavor. Most places advertise that it is spicy, but it is never spicy enough for my husband, so he was pleasantly surprised that this actually had a little spice. (He could always use more spice though, he likes to cry when he eats his food.) The tacos on the other hand were not that great. They were just ok. The chicken tacos just seemed a little plane with only chicken and pico and sparse cheese. He really was not happy with the tacos, they were just kind of boring. They were also in a floppy flour tortilla. It did not really add anything, we would have preferred corn tortillas for the street taco experience. My veggie tacos were ok too. I think I enjoyed them a little more than my husband, but its not something I would go back for.  So all in all, it was good, not the best. The service was fine, no complaints. I will give it another shot in a few months and see again.
5	Goodbye chipotle, hello Brushfire!  Went for the first time today.  Shrimp burrito with verde sauce.  AWESOME!  The burrito was huge and very fresh.  Used the drive thru that was a little tight in a crew cab truck but no worse than the In & Out burger 2 miles away.  I will be going back frequently.  Enjoy it while it is still new and not all that busy.  I can see Brushfire taking off and opening franchises across the country.  Great concept!
5	Just ate here after a visit to the gym and I am completely thrilled with the food. I got chicken tacos, cilantro and lime rice as well as salsa and chips. The portions were smaller than what you'd get at other places but that's fantastic if you ask me! Americans overeat to a frightening degree and a place that serves high quality fast food that's healthy!? Sigh me up!Chicken was all white, tender and tasty with a white cheese crumbled on top. It came with pico which I got on the side. The salsa (I got two fire) was pleasantly hot, left a nice burning tingle for a few seconds after eating it but didn't make me want to run for a glass of milk, just how I like it. The unsweetened tea I got was good too, too often when I buy it it's really watered down but no problem here!I would highly recommend this to anyone and everyone with the warning of 'smaller portions, slightly expensive but you're money is going towards quality not quantity!'
5	I found my favorite Mexican food finally. Went here Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch. I told the manager that I'd see him tomorrow.
3	I was excited to try this Drive Through Tacos & Tapas place, but was a little disappointed. 3 steak tacos and rice were almost $10 and for street taco size, not very filling for my husband- but they were tasty. I had a chicken taco with verde sauce that was good (and definitely better than Taco Bell) but I had to add a $2.50 chicken empanada and a $3 fried ham croquette order. The chicken empanada was very good and was perfectly cooked. The croquettes, however, we're very small and mushy.I liked the concept but for street tacos, I would expect them to be lower priced. I can get 3 tacos from a standard brick and mortar Mexican restaurant for $10 and not walk away hungry - but the drive through convenience is nice.
5	I was so impressed with the chicken tacos and the shrimp en fuego! Super flavorful and fresh and the staff was friendly! The only downside was my to go bag was falling apart from the leaking sauces
3	Spanish-Mexican fusion?! Yes.  Don't have to ask me twice as I have a special interest in Spanish cuisine.  With this fusion, you get fast service, but at a cost of quality.This brick and mortar business should have gone the food truck route as the menu would easily fit the bill.  Instead, they operate inside a small, narrow building similar to one you see at Dutch Bros. Coffee.  Let's not judge the book by its cover right? The menu is basically either a la carte or you can do a combo or "flight."  The flight gets you 2 tacos of your choice + 1 tapa + 1 chips/salsa + 1 drink = approx $8.What I enjoyed the best were their carne asada tacos.  The beef was cooked well, decent charred flavors.  As for tapa, I went with the chicken empanada which was mediocre at best.  In fact, everything was quite mediocre or below average, from the chips and salsa to croqueta, which is deep fried potato with ham.  The salsas were a big disappointment.  Lacked authenticity it seemed.  I assumed when your salsa has habanero in it, it be spicy and hot, yet all it did was cool my tongue! #fail One area that needs improvement in is in the food.  Service was nothing extraordinary.  Would I make a return, probably not.  It was worth a first try.  I really wanted it to stand out since I'm big into Spanish but it fell 2-stars short.
2	I decided to use the walk up window instead of the busy drive thru. I waited 5 minutes before being served. The girl who ran the window was greetful. My name was called to pick up the food and I had to wait behind a customer who was ordering so my food sat there for a while before I helped. I chose the veggie & chicken tacos which were soggy,bland and with a boring unvariety vegetables.
4	My son and I were making a u-turn and discovered this place. What a delight. My son got the make it a burrito with chicken and I got a bowl with chicken. I could not eat everything in my bowl and my son, who is a 20 year old decathlete and eats for 6, had to pace his eating to finish it. I have no complaints about the service either. I pulled up, ordered my food and left. The young lady at the window was polite and smiled....don't know what else she needed to do ? So, I don't get the people complaining about not getting Ruth's Chris service at a drive through window. Will definitely be eating here again.
2	I was really excited about this place opening so close to my house.  We went a few times before their grand opening.  The first time was really good where everything was fresh and tasty.  The shrimp tacos were really good.  But the two times after we went back they were inconsistant.  It just wasn't as good.  I tried the chile lime rice and it was mush.  I think we'll try it again but only after they've been open a while and hopefully get more consistant.
3	If it wasn't for an email from Local Arizona, this taco shop would've slipped through my fingers. Tempted by promises of a free taco and/or churro with every meal on this particular day, a so-called "grand opening" special, I trekked out to this quaint little spot weary of what I might find. From previous reviews, which confused me since I pondered how there could be a month or so of reviews when the grand opening is actually today, "gourmet tacos" find their way at a drive through at a steep price, I had to find out for myself though and so off we went to put our taste buds to the test.The menu is confusing because you can get a single taco or a "flight." On the upper right corner of the menu, a small red box says, "Get a flight, and you get a tapa, chips and salsa, and a small drink!" That sounds excellent, but how many tacos come in a flight? One! One single taco comes in a flight. Spoiled by Taco Bell, you get 2 chalupas AND a beef taco with a meal. I was slightly disappointed by a single taco in the flight. You also have the choice of making that rolled taco into a burrito with the same ingredients, but hey, we didn't want to get too crazy with our order, so we just stuck with taco style.Although the girl who took our order recommended chicken tacos, we ordered a flight of the steak tacos and a flight of the pork al pastor with pineapple tacos. Our hungry little appetites are seldom satiated by a single taco so we ordered 2 extra shrimp tacos and 1 extra steak taco. Since they were flights, we were able to order 1 tapa each, so we both got the flaky chicken empanadas. The empanadas had the correct flakiness and texture but were on the thinner side and came with spicy mayo. We really enjoyed our steak and pork tacos. From the reviews, I thought these would be street taco size, but I say they are slightly bigger. All tacos were overfilled with meat, the way I like my tacos to be! They are soft flour rolled tacos. Corn tortillas are by request. The taste of the tacos were really good. I expected less because of the drive through experience, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Today only, due to the grand opening special, they also offered a free churro with each meal and handed out free taco cards. When ordering here, I would get a steak or pork taco flight, choose the empanada as your tapa side, AND order an extra taco - preferably a shrimp one (to get the surf and turf effect)! Then, you would leave here satisfied and not hungry afterwards. If you have an extra hearty appetite then order 2 extra tacos, then you should be good. And extra FYI, the papas (fried seasoned potatoes) served with spicy mayo and the cilantro rice make good sides too if you wanted a little extra fillers. It's a fun little find. With free taco cards at hand, heck yeah, we will be back. I love tacos like crazy! Especially gourmet ones that are attainable by drive through! I mean, hey... there's just some days I'm too lazy to drive downtown, or the east side, to get my taco fix. Brushfire has lit my fire, but it's a small kindling flame at that. I want to know if it's the 'A' game today because it's their grand opening or if they're really that good usually because previous reviews say otherwise.
4	I spent $11 and got a carne asado taco, an empenada, an order of croquettas, chips and salsa, and a drink. The taco had good flavor, and I liked the queso fresco on top; the portion size wasn't huge, but the quality was excellent, especially compared to fast food places. The empenada was flaky and delicious, and the croquettas were small, but tasty. The verde salsa that came with my order was excellent. Next time If I  eat at Brushfire I will definitely order the "flight" combo again, rather than ordering items separately.
2	Went here today and got the pork burrito. The burrito was mostly beans and rice and hardly any pork. My burrito was really bland and had no flavor except for a little sweet bite of pineapple every once in awhile. If I am going to spend 7 dollars on a burrito I will go up the street to Chipotle, at least that has flavor. I got their Brushfire salsa which has a flavor I don't care for (kind of plastic flavor). The girl taking the order was really nice and the fact they just opened I gave them 2 stars. I know sometimes it takes a little while to find your footing. Hopefully they will invest in some seasoning or at best some salt.
4	Went here again today and I enjoyed it a lot more. I mixed it up and had the shrimp tacos with corn tortillas. They were really good. I would order them again. The corn tortilla was a little chewy, I wish they had better tortillas. The shrimp and fillings were great though. My mom enjoyed her taco as well. I got it in a flight and it came with chips. I got the croquettes again and they were a little mushy. The service was friendly and good. Hopefully they continue this upswing as they get more experienced! I will be back. Oh I had the brushfire salsa and it was good!
4	The first time I went to Brushfire was a couple of weeks ago. I was stoked because the food was great and the prices were cheap. Def 5 stars. However, I went back yesterday and while the food was still good, the exact same meal cost me $2.50 more than my first visit. Not a deal breaker, but def not cool Brushfire. While I like the new styrofoam containers that prevent my taco from leaking salsa all over the bag, I'd rather save my $2.50 and deal with a messy taco. Bring back the cheap-o wrappers and the cheap-o prices :D please?
2	Good tacos. Fast service. Very nice ppl but way too expensive. $4 for one taco!!! $8 to add chips and a drink. They are good but not that good. Just not worth it. Probably not eating there again unless I get more than one taco for that price.
3	Got an invite to meet my son, wife and grandson for lunch. This is a fairly new place. The food was good and prices reasonably. This place is a small building. You order at a window. If you want to eat there you have a few tables. I think two or three to choose from. These are located outside in the Arizona heat. There is shade. But when it is 110 the shade does not make comfortable to eat outside. Most people were just ordering and taking it home, to their work place, eating in car. None of these being my choice. We ate there.I believe there would be more people eating there if there was more seating outside and some misters. I will be back but after it cools off.
2	This place was very disappointing.   I got there as they opened and excited for fresh, delicious food based on reviews.  I must saw the service was good and the employees were very friendly.   However, that's where the good stopped.  I ordered the steak flight meal.  For my side, I chose the cilantro lime rice and it came with 1 steak taco, chips with salsa, and a regular soda.  The first thing I tried was the rice and boy was it bland and very mushy.  The majority of it was so mush iy was in a big ball of goo.  Now on to the taco.  I immediately could tell that it was cold, the tortilla was not previously warmed and made for a terrible meal.  80% of the meat was fatty nd could not be chewed thru.  The guacamole was brown tinged and definitely seemed it was from days prior.  Blaaahh!!!  On to the chips, there can't possibly be anything wrong with them right?!?  WRONG!  The chips were even stale and not crisp at all.  This visit was a big fat fail.  I would never return.  Mind you that this place is not cheap.  My meal was $8.65 for junk!!  It was so disappointing!!  Hopefully,  if you venture to try this place you will have a better experience and some fresher food!
5	EXCELLENT TACOS!! My first vist, this place is friendly and the food was great. They even have a fountain outside that keeps the atmosphere under the tent cool. Good location next to a Coffee shop that has great coffee and the help speaks great english and doesn't get mad becuase you're white. Drive thru so yea I love this place already!!
2	Rather disappointed in this place actually. Food was good, not amazing , but good. But portion size , topped with poor service made it a place we'll skip when picking a quick dinner out. I don't get their menu. Food and sides don't go together really, and the whole thing just doesn't make sense to me. When we were ordering, it seemed as if we were bothering her, which was slightly awkward. Overall, not a good experience. Cool name, but not relative to the food at all. I'd say skip this place.
3	I really wanted to like this place.  That being said, not sure we will be going back.  It comes down to the customer service.  Breakfast burritos available until 10:30.  We walk up to the window and wait about 3-4 minutes and finally take a closer look inside (the windows are tinted to make sure someone is really in there). There weren't any cars in the drive thru and no one else outside..  We must have gotten their attention, a girl opens the window and says oh hi, sorry about the wait... I order a breakfast burrito and she tells me, oh we stopped making those about 2 minutes ago.... I nicely mentioned I was in line before that time, and she just repeats we stopped making those.  The end.   She seemed irritated after this so we just ordered other items off the menu.  She couldn't close that window soon enough it seemed after we ordered.  15 minutes later our order was ready.  Hopefully it doesn't take that long all the time.  I understand if it is the beginning of lunch it might take some time to get the lunch food out and prepared. Here is what we ordered and what we though of it.Empanadas- they were ok, about 4x3 so pretty tiny but they are only 2.49.  I don't think they were homemade there, but nonetheless, the crust was flaky.Croquetas- we didn't like them.  Not crispy, kinda mushy.Al Pastor burrito- Best Al Pastor we have ever had.  Carne Asada- It was ok, comparable to Chipolte.4 stars for the Al Pasor1 star for the service3 stars overall.
4	Lunch here was just right, not too much and not too little. I was able to try two of the salsas and they were right on. I really want to go back and try something else!
4	I just saw this groupon and thought I would be adventurous and try out this place. My experience with AZMEX has been a very unpleasant experience so I am reluctant to try new mexican food places because of this. This place was a pleasant surprise. The food and ingredients seem to be freshly prepared and have robust flavor. The place is a little bit pricey for the items they offer but then again if you want fresh tasting that is understandable. My only complaints is for the silly thing I see a lot of AZ restaurants doing and that is charging for refills. Why nickle and dime. I'm not going to pay 20% of the full price of the drink cause I am thirsty from sitting outside in the heat. Just make sure that when you go that you plan to go when it is cooler cause there is only outdoor seating and drive thru. I felt like I was eating at a Mexican taco shop eating outside. Overall I recommend to try this place as I think it is far better than the lard laden restaurants like Carolina's that so many people love. No comparison. Do yourself a favor and try this place.
3	I have only had their breakfast burritos, which they only have two options bacon and chorizo.  The chorizo is good but the bacon is better and the bacon is crispy which I love!  And the spicy mayo is good but I could do without it.  The verde salsa is yummy.
5	If there's one thing I've learned by living in Arizona all these years, it's that no two Mexican restaurants are exactly alike. That's a good thing if you love adventure, especially when you run across a gem like Brushfire Tacos Y Tapas because there is literally no place like it. Before I get into the review, I should tell you what I think makes good Mexican food. I love fresh ingredients, unique combinations and interesting flavors. I have friends who judge Mexican food strictly by heat - but I'd rather taste everything I'm eating. I'm not trying to prove my tongue is made of cast iron, I want to take my time and taste every ingredient in every bite. And of course, great customer service is a must because it can make a good meal a really great experience. That's what I like about Brushfire. It's a tiny little drive thru restaurant that's really unique. I think it's actually designed out of old shipping containers and I thought that was pretty cool. It's small with a walk up window and a couple of stone picnic tables in the back for seating. It's not the typical "taco stand" that we see on every street corner in the Valley. It's a little more upscale and you'll see that in the menu offerings, the fresh ingredients and on the times I've visited - in the friendly customer service. With a menu that features tacos and tapas, you'd probably expect it to be in a nicely decorated, traditional, sit down restaurant. But this is more sidewalk fare, sold mostly a la carte and served in styro containers and cups. Like I said, it's a little different. So, in reading some of the earlier reviews, I can see how some people are thrown by this place. If you're expecting a typical "taco stand" the prices will be a little higher and if you're expecting a traditional dining experience, you might be put off by sitting outside or eating out of a takeout bag. I have to admit, I wasn't sure what to expect on my first visit but to me, Brushfire is really the best of both worlds.Tacos run about $3.50 each but even in a styrofoam package, this food looks and tastes amazing! (How they make a taco look appetizing in a styro container is an art in itself!) Lots of fresh ingredients and subtle flavors make each bite one to savor. If you're a first timer - start with a flight and try the empanadas - a light flaky deep friend pocket of chicken and veggies, served over a bed of lettuce and sour cream with spicy mayo on the side. You may be tempted to customize your order but on your first visit, try going with everything as described because these are subtle flavor combinations that really go together. A flight includes a drink and chips and your choice of salsa (try the Verde a medium salsa with an avocado base or the Brushfire medium salsa for a little more kick) for about $7.50 - $8.00.Most adults will want a couple of tacos, especially if you want to explore the menu. I've tried the pork served "el pastor" bbq style with pineapple, pico and cheese. Add a little of their Wildfire or Inferno salsa if you want to bring the heat but try one bite without first to see what's going on inside the flour tortilla. Same goes for the chicken taco, marinated in cilantro-lime, grilled, served with pico, cheese and some really great guacamole. Each came with a slice of lime on the side. Perfecto! Other taco options include shrimp, veggie and steak but I love the pork and chicken so much, I'm having a hard time getting to those - maybe on my next visit? If you're a light eater, you can get by on a flight, chips and a drink but if you're like me and get caught up in sampling all the options, you can expect to spend over $10 for two tacos, a little tapas, chips/salsa and a drink. I'm hoping in the future they come up with options for two taco or even a three taco flight - to help customers really have fun with the menu.If you have the kids in tow, there are menu options for them ranging from some of the tapas offerings from the croquettas (ham and cheese croquettes) the kids burrito or quesidilla. Don't forget to save room for the churros with choco dipping sauce on the side. That being said, this place won't be for everyone but seriously, you can say that about every Mexican place in Arizona. Ask any three people what their favorite Mexican restaurant is and you'll get three different answers. That's one of the perks of living here so get out there and start trying new places!Traditional taco stands will still have their legions of fans who carry hot sauce in their glove box. Those nice traditional Mexican places will still enjoy their customers that want to make a night of it. But for me, this place does the trick. And judging by the continuous line in the drive thru on our visits, the word seems to be getting around. Glad to see people coming out to support local restaurants!
4	Their tacos are fresh and full of flavor.  Although I love their bowls, my husband didn't particularly like them.  He prefers the Tacos.   They have quick service and a little outdoor dining area that is best suited for cooler nights.  The only reason I couldn't give them five stars is because their service is not consistent.  One day we will get exceptional service and the other we will get someone who sees we are standing there and don't acknowledge us.  If their customer service was consistent they would earn five stars.
3	Unique place. We went  through the drive thru, and had to repeat everything 3 times. Its pretty expensive, but pretty good. The spicy mayonnaise sauce is very good. The shrimp tacos are very good.
3	Breakfast burritos are great.  Other things not so great for us.  We ordered chicken and beef burritos.  We actually ended up throwing them away.  Bland and just not good.  Which is to bad, because the breakfast burritos are soooo good.We've been there four or five times now.  Customer service has been pretty good, with only one exception.  The girl seemed irritated by our Groupon.
4	Pork tacos are GREAT! The pineapple in the tacos wirh the feta cheese is excellent! Papas bravas weren't really good. Chicken burrito is tasty as well. Verde salsa was pretty quick,  to much lime flavor though.  Fast and friendly service. Will visit again!
5	Went here the first time last night. I'm a broke college student, so this is normally out of my price range. Saw a groupon the other night for a sushi joint and went on to grab it, but it wasn't there anymore. I continued looking and decided on this place. I didn't really know what I wanted, guy at the counter immediately came over and asked. Started asking me how hungry I was, then told me to get a burrito. So, based on that I ordered a shrimp burrito, with a side of pinto beans and a side of rice, thinking the burrito wouldn't be that big. Damn, was I wrong. This burrito was bigger than one of Chipotle's, all in all. Tasted way better than Chipolte, though and at nearly the same price. The spicy mayo brought a nice flavor to the shrimp, the fresh veggies gave it a nice texture. It was awesome. My only qualm with it was that the shrimp was a little chewy, but it still tasted awesome. The pico had awesome flavor. The pinto beans and cilantro rice were both excellent, not sure what cheese they put on the beans, but I didn't really care for it. Would rather just have plain pintos, or if they had black beans available, that would have been even better.The salsas were subpar, IMO. The volcano didn't have a ton of flavor and just relied on the heat, the verde... just didn't taste right.  The only other qualm I would've had, is that it was a little cold. I'm not sure if it was due to the transport time and the temp outside (it was chilly last night), but it did take me 5-10 minutes or so to get it home.The price, I feel, was reasonable for the size. Without the groupon, it would've been around $11 (steep, but right around Chipolte). I didn't order any tacos, so I can't comment on that. Really, though, I'm a big dude at 220 lbs. I tapped out about halfway through the burrito and the sides. Felt like I couldn't take another bite, but it was so wonderfully delicious that I wanted too. I originally bought these so that I could run up during lunch on school days and bring this back, but there is so much food, no way I could finish it. So, it got DD status (designated dinner).Edited it to add this: I think you can see where the one stars are coming from and not to avoid it, because of that. Nearly all were right at opening and obviously there has been improvement, shown by the reviews increasing as you go up.
5	If you're looking for a place that serves food like Taco Bell or Del Taco do not read any further!  Brushfire offers fresh quality food that is priced higher than fast food establishments, but cheaper than the sit down restaurants.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out if in the area or looking for some flavorful tacos and tapas.Whether you walk up or go thru the drive thru, be prepared to enjoy some great Mexican/Spanish tapas. This place could be on anyone's weekly go to list without hesitation.
5	I've lived in the area for 4 months and I decided tonight that I wanted to try Brushfire Tacos y Tapas and I am glad that I did.  I had the Grilled Marinaded Chicken Burrito and I made it a "Flight".  A Flight is when you add chips, salsa, a drink and a Tapa.  The Tapa I chose was the chicken empanada.  They have 5 choices of salsas.  I went with the Brushfire which was their second most hottest.  The service was quick and the food was absolutely excellent!!  I highly recommend it.  And when you go, try the Horchata.  That was a first for me to.  I think that I am hooked.
5	I love this place. It's not like any other fast food place... Their stuff is fresh! The chicken tacos are my favorite. I find myself craving them quite often lol. Their bacon breakfast burritos are good, too! If you're looking for spicy, try the inferno salsa. It's amazing!
3	I just visited for the first time a week or two ago. I thought the food was good, but was somewhat unimpressed. You pay quite a lot for portions that aren't that big. You also wait a fairly long time for your food. I think I definitely prefer Chipotle for taste and even value, but I think the food here seems more authentic.
5	Stopped in for a bite while visiting family. The tacos are a good size and the meats are well seasoned and tasty. The star of the show though was the empenada tapas and spicy mayo! They were bursting with flavor and generously stuffed! Service is great and food came out quick too!
4	I love this place for lunch and dinner. Fresh ingredients with its own flavor. The cilantro-lime dressing is super good, I always ask for some on the side to use. I'm not a big fan if the breakfast burritos which is why I gave it 4 stars but they are passable.
3	It's like a permanent food truck anchored in a parking lot. I find it strange, but nonetheless I pass it twice a day to and from work; so curiosity got the best of me and I stopped here. I tried the croquetas--I found them gross. The outsides were crunchy, but the insides were like a soggy cream of ham soup; that is the best way I can describe them. The empanada was so-so; it's overpriced for what you get. I threw both of them out.The burrito was pretty good; I got a shrimp burrito even though I thought I was taking a huge risk on either too little or crappy shrimp. Luckily neither was an issue. I'm willing to try the tacos or another burrito next time, but I would advise to skip the tapas.
5	This place is addictive! Great food and friendly staff. I have tried everything on that menu and I have never been disappointed. My favorite is el pastor tacos!!! Yumm!
3	Brushfire is a neat concept...very food truck-esque, with its drive thru and patio options 'round the small kitchen establishment. Brought here via a Groupon deal, I was excited to try the small, but interesting menu. Among the carne asada taco, shrimp taco and chicken empanada, the steak taco was my favorite, with great fresh toppings, including a little guac. I expected more from the shrimp taco, which was a little too seafood fragrant for my liking. I understand that frozen shrimp may be necessary for this type of place and that doesn't always mean bad! However, though the shrimp tasted fine, the smell was a little potent... also, not a fan of the slaw...wayyyyy too many carrots. No other explanation. Just odd. The empanada itself was good though I didn't get the lettuce dressed with some globby white substance (plain mayo?) in addition to their spicy mayo sauce (which was tasty, even for a non-mayo person). I've got two more $8 vouchers so I will be back, but I am not sure I'll be a frequent visitor. For the money, Rubio's is better and included the salsa bar. I do applaud this local place's effort though!
2	Lame experience began at the order window when the young woman spoke so quickly, in such a high pitch as to be incomprehensible.  Food (pork taco & empanadas plus chips) were okay but unremarkable. (Pineapple was different & fresh)   $12 with two waters.  Won't be back.  Gotta be better Tacos somewhere around here.  Hint:  avoid taco stands patronized only by gringos.
5	"Come to mama" salsa verde....thick and spicy! Oh so good. First time eating at this glorified Mexican food truck. We had the steak tacos, ordered as a flight, which came with a tapa, chips, salsa and a drink...all for $7.99. We chose the chicken empanada for our tapa, which was good....served on shredded lettuce with a Mexican crema and a tasty chipotle mayo. Next time, I'm going to try the ham and cheese croquetas. They looked really good.The steak taco was amazingly delish! The beef was well marinated and super tender. The flour tortilla was fresh and chewy, with a dry floury texture on the outside. Taco was served with lettuce, tomato, mancheca and guac. The tacos are small ( a little bigger than a street taco) but pared with a tapa, should be fine for lunch. The green chips were delish. Not oily at all, fresh and crisp. We chose salsa verde, but there were about 4 or 5 other salsas to choose from. The green salsa was like nothing I've ever seen. I thought it was guac at first, because it's that thick. One small container just didn't seem enough for the big bag of chips.We parked and walked up to their window, but In the summer, drive through is a must, because you bake in the outside seating. No inside seating available.So glad after a year of saying I have to try this place, I finally did. Seems like it's always crowded, but line moves pretty quickly as do the orders. I sometimes see Groupons come up for this place, so keep an eye out. We'll back very soon!
5	Came back after just a couple of days, it's that good :)  Got the croquetas this time. 6 small ham and cheese fried balls of deliciousness dipped in spicy sauce. Also had the cilantro lime rice....it's a winner!
4	Muy delicioso! I've driven thru several times and each visit has left me happier than the last. Brushfire offers a wide selection of tacos, each with specialized toppings. I swoon for the adobado pork, which includes juicy bits of pineapple, spicy peppers, and cotija cheese in a flour tortilla. If you want corn tortillas instead, ask. Other tacos include chicken, carne asada, shrimp, and veggie, which has roasted peppers, red potatoes, mushrooms, and other bits. Tacos can also be upgraded to burritos, bowls, or added to a flight. Flights include your entree, fresh chips and your choice of five fresh salsas, a tapas and drink...and they not only have coke zero, they also have decent unsweetened iced tea. Tapas options seem smaller recently, but are still crunchy bliss. I love the shrimp, like the croquetas and empanadas, and haven't tried the roasted potatoes. Service is speedy and super friendly. This is a eat in the car sort of place, so ask for extra napkins and just relax. You may just want to drive thru again for churros or flan.
5	I love this place! I usually get the veggie burrito. It's amazing! It's a little pricey if you ask me, but the burritos are big enough to split out save for later. I like the "flight" option. You get a drink, chips and salsa and a tapa. It's a small drive thru place, so it's great for grabbing something quick. They use very fresh ingredients.
5	They always have delicious and fresh food! You walk up to a window and order whatever you want (tacos,burritos, chips&salsa, empanadas, etc) and then you sit down outside under a canopy and wait for your order to be called. It comes out so fast! The steak burrito Is massive and the steak is always tender. Their brushfire and verde salsa is to die for! I always get some to take home for later. Upgrade to the flight it's a better deal and you get yummy tapas. We always take any out of towners here for lunch and they love it! Highly recommend!
5	Bought a groupon for this place and was so pleased with the food. Shrimp tacos were amazing. Tastes gourmet for an order counter place. Looking forward to going back.
5	I love Brushfire! I go there on the regular for breakfast burritos and tacos! It's the bomb! sometimes I roll there for a light 1 taco, rice and beans dinner and then get a Redbox to unwind. Sometimes when I show up to work w/ my brown bag breakfast from Brushfire, I be like "This some good gourmet s*#t right here!!...go get you Sum!"  - Fo real :D
1	So decided to give this place a try before reading and of the reviews here. Needless to say I probably would have tried anyways. After getting the wrong order 2 chicken burritos instead of steak, my wife ate her chicken burrito and I bit into mine hoping it was steak instead of chicken. Nope it was chicken and horribly bland chicken at that. I called and went back to get the order corrected and received my steak burrito which I was hoping was better than the chicken I had tasted. No dice the steak was just as bland, the pinto beans, bland, the white rice bland, and the guac bland as well. I should have known as soon as I tasted my horchata that this was not the place for me. Still have a free steak burrito but I will be leaving it there. No way am I going back I will stick with Chipolte and yes that is how I spell it and say it. Do yourself a favor bypass this place.
2	Food is about a 3.5 but the service is not the best. We went in the day the had promoted (for a month) their $1 taco day. Put a reminder in m phone and took the girls from work they without notice canceled it the girl at the window talk to us like we were morons! We showed her the Facebook post and still talked to poorly. Then once we made a comment on the post on the Facebook promotion saying we were there it was taken down no apology... I just think it's bad business.... I'd rather go spend money at a sit down that actually knows how to run a place than a place thy can't even run a Facebook lol but as well the food is a little over priced for the taste not by too much but for two people you can easily spend over $25 there are much better places to spend your money!
5	Awesome venue! Pick up you Tapas and Tacos and sit outside( shaded with misters)All the food is fresh. Que no pare la Fiesta!
4	Sooooo... I had the beef tacos and my girl had the chicken.  The steak tacos were ok. The pico is fresh as is the guac.  The salsa is ok, but I'm Mexican and hard to please when it comes to my salsa, so take that in to consideration.   Now for the chicken.. I was pretty impressed.  Good flavor, not dry, and they trimmed all the fat.  Nothing worse than biting in to some chicken fat. We also tried the pot beans (not refried), which were also pretty good. A good place to come after a workout or just a pretty healthy meal.   I will definitely be coming back
4	The first time my wife and I ate here, about a year ago, she got the bacon burrito and I got the chorizo. Man was that a mistake on my part. The chorizo was very dry and had a gritty texture to it. My wife's bacon burrito on the other hand was on point. One thing to note if you are eating here before 10:30 in the morning is that if you are looking for a wide variety of breakfast items you will not find it here. You've got your choice of a bacon or chorizo burrito, bacon or chorizo taco which is just a smaller version of the burrito or lastly you can get a bacon or chorizo bowl. When I saw that there was a Groupon for this place I jumped on it, since I was still intrigued with my wife's bacon burrito, to give this place a second shot since it is a little on $$ side. What I love most about this place is the spicy mayo. They put that stuff on almost everything and it is absolutely to die for, minus the chorizo. I generally stop here any chance I can on my way to work and pick up a bacon burrito with extra spicy mayo. The bacon burrito is by far the best breakfast item on their menu! My wife and I have also tried their carne asada, aka steak, tacos which were very impressive for their price, but keeping in mind that you will probably buy two or three to fill up. You can also make this a flight where you will then add a tapas to your order, my personal recommendation is the shrimp en fuego which is absolutely to die for or you can go with the empanadas which are always cooked perfectly. Keeping in mind if you are big eater like myself you'll probably want to throw and extra taco in with your flight so you aren't left looking to snack when you get home. Would I recommend these guys to friends or family visiting? Absolutely! Personal side note:Although they give this a $ rating I would give them $$ rating because of how much you have to buy to fill up.
2	I'm totally bummed to have to give such a low rating.  The guy working the counter was so friendly (extra star for him) & I had really high hopes.  I was craving tacos so my husband & I decided to try this place, we've passed it going to Dutch Bro's often & had been wanting to visit.  I ordered 1 chicken taco & 1 steak taco, he ordered 1 pork & 1 steak.  It was almost $15 for our order, which I'd usually be more than happy to pay for good tacos but not for this size & the quality of these.  The meat was so dry in my husbands pork tacos that he couldn't even eat it, the steak tacos we both got were okay, meat was dried out, decent flavor but it was just coated in guacamole, that's all we were really getting in each bite.  Chicken taco was my absolute least favorite, no flavor at all & once again, super dry, I couldn't finish it. I don't know if it was just an off night or what but I'm sad to say I don't think we will be coming back to find out.
4	My husband and I love this place.  It's really good and pretty inexpensive compared to most.  Their breakfast tacos are really good!  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the parking lot and drive through is super frustrating.  All the crazy Dutch Brothers customers cost you a star.  Figure out how to crowd control that establishment and you'll get 5 stars from us.
3	The service I received today was great; I went through the drive through and the lady taking my order was beyond pleasant. I wish the quality of the food matched the level of service!We ordered a burrito (flight style - which means you get the burrito, a drink, chips and "tapa(s)". For $10.50, I was expecting tapaS (plural). We only received one empanada which was sad, because it was a pretty good empanada. The steak burrito was just an average burrito.We also tried the shrimp taco, pork taco and chicken taco. The pork taco was the best out of the three, but I felt like they were all pretty small. The flavors were interesting, but not astonishing. The hottest salsa was good (wildfire, I believe), but the others weren't that special. The chips were fine but saltier than I'd like.The service may bring me back to try it again.
4	I had the Groupon which was a great deal. I ordered the shrimp taco and croquetas and both were awesome. They even have a points program for regulars. The one taco and tapas was just enough to fill me up!
5	Great food and customer service. Average meal price is $10 if you include a drink. (They have horchata!) The food was very good and fresh. On my first visit there was a mixup and my order was misplaced. They were quick to correct the problem and gave me a few free taco coupons for my next visit. I tried their chicken bowl, best chicken bowl I've ever had. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Awesome burritos! Chorizo breakfast burrito is my favorite! Employees are amazing as well! I've been coming here for months after I get out of work in the morning! One morning my car battery died and my car was stuck in the drive thru- yes in the drive thru, with a line of cars behind me. Without hesitation, one of the male employees came running out, pushed my car out of the drive thru, helped me try to jump it! Unfortunately I needed a whole new battery and had to call for a tow truck but the staff came and checked on me while I waited for over an hour! Awesome food, above and beyond service!! :)
5	Brushfire is great! The people are friendly, their food is fresh and everything is delicious!
2	Tried to get me to sign up for the spam card.  When I asked if they'd send texts etc initially I was lead to believe I could opt out of that.  She explained it as an "electronic lunch card" then I asked why they needed my number.  The food isn't bad but for the trouble I much prefer Chipotle.  I was told they wouldn't honor my accumulated punches;  Which would have been the next visit.  #lasttimeieatthere
4	I never knew food from a drive-thru could taste so fresh! The Northwest side of the Valley has lacked a great street taco place...and Brushfire fills that void amazingly while also being a great addition to the other quality Mexican restaurants in the area.
4	Best steak tacos we ever had..tasty and big portion. The chicken tacos is kind of dry. We love to come here. Prices are very good..highly recommended
3	Meh.....  always a anted to try it out since I pass it so often going to Dutch Bros. Today I realized that I'm not missing out on much.
5	So amazing!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE.  I have driven over 40 miles twice juust to eat here!  I hope the open another location in the west valley very soon.
4	I had never even heard of Bushfire Tacos until I saw them on Groupon. After my first visit, I can say I'll be back. The gal at the window was pretty friendly for an early Saturday morning. Especially given my orders are never straight forward/easy given I eat a mostly plant based diet. I ordered one veggie taco (no cheese) with a side of bushfire salsa and some chips and guacamole. Loved the variety of vegetables on the taco and the salsa was fantastic! The chips were deliciously light and crispy. The guacamole was good, but nothing special.My friends tried a couple of other items too:- papas bravas: smelled delish and received 2 thumbs up- breakfast burrito with chorizo: received an "it was ok" responseOf the 5 of us dining, everyone enjoyed their meals and said they'd be back. Give it a try!
5	Best Breakfast Burrito I've had so far in Peoria. I normally LOVE straight Mexican breakfast burritos. But I've been eating healthy lately and I tried their BEEF CHORIZO BREAKFAST BURRITO recently and I was Truly Amazed!! It was NOT greasyIt was perfect size and amount if eggs potatoes and chorizo and their Spicy Mayo sauce OMG Amaze!!I will definitely go back and try more items in their Menu!! Bwt their service is awesome and fast
3	Three stars in my book is solid food, just nothing that special. The "wildfire" salsa was lame, hardly spicy at all. Had a steak taco and chicken taco and both were pretty good. Super friendly service at the drive through.
4	Very flavorful. Shrimp taco is tasty! I did the drive thru. It's a wslk-up place in Lowe's parking lot.
5	Brushfire has the BEST breakfast burritos in the valley hands down! Their tacos and tapas are the bomb as well!! Go give it a try seriously the best no joke!!!
5	Soooo yummy!!!! Very filling tacos! Must try the potato and egg breakfast ones, they're wonderful. The empanadas are our #1 favorites so far!
5	Order the steak tacos,you will not be disappointed,unless you do not order a shrimp taco also,they also have pork tacos and veggie tacos just order them all that way no one will be disappointedYum Yum see you want to yelp later
5	AMAZING!!! I ordered the Carne Asada, Chicken, & Shrimp tacos since it was my first time eating from there just to see what would be my item of choice if I were to return again. I have no clue because everything was great. Very flavorful & fresh!!! A tad bit pricey but worth it. Not sure if the cashier was flirting with me or they just have great customer service. I'll take it either way. A MUST TRY!!!
5	Great burritos and tacos. Quick and friendly service at a great price. A must try for fast food.
4	This place needs a warning label. The flight means your stomach is going to be screaming for a break. That is a lot of food! The flight includes a drink, chips and salsa, an entree and a side tapas. It might be because I ordered the bowl. I'm not sure how large the burritos or tacos are.  I don't know if I ate the food in the wrong order, or if I just shouldn't of eaten all of it. Make sure you ask all of what is in the bowl. The menu board is not clear and you'll be wondering what's on top. The bowl container is a lot deeper than you think it is and which makes this a heavy "salad".  I enjoyed it, but next time I'll just order the bowl and the papas fritas or the bowl with the chips and salsa. Oh yeah, the Papas fritas are great so you might want to save those for last or you might want to not want to eat the rest of your meal because you'll be thinking about eating more of those.
4	Believe it or not 4 stars.  This was probably my fourth visit here & least enjoyable.  Since all the other visits were so great, I graded higher.Tiny lil place made of shipping containers.  My complaint today was overly chewy chips.  Also, the chips were caked with salt.  They tasted stale & I was given diet coke.  I didn't notice until almost home.Ok the part where I can be positive.  Fresh food & friendly staff.  I love the verde & brushfire salsa.  Yesterday I tried the potato croquets & they were pretty good.  Hot as hell so I know they're fresh.  Then my shrimp taco was yummy as well.  Shrimp was spicier that expected but I still loved out.In the past I've tried the beans, friend shrimp & potatoes.  None of them let me down.  They were all fresh cooked & really delicious.  I love this "sit down" restaurant quality from this cute little drive thru place with only outside seating.
5	Really tasty, fresh tacos! Their pico is amazing whether accompanying some delicious carne asada or in one of their amazing breakfast burritos. Empenadas a flaky and not greasy in the least. Service has consistently been fast and very friendly. A tiny spot that could be easy to miss - but don't!
4	It's good. Had this for the first time. And it's good. Could be better. Not "street" tacos like I have in Mexico but it's an American attempt at it. Much fancier than street tacos with the grilled veggies and flour tortillas instead of corn. The rice was nasty. The empanadas are not authentic, I wouldn't recommend them. The horchata was ok, nothing special the pico salsa was lacking flavor.  But the inferno salsa was devine! I put that on everything and it kicked it up a notch. It had me on fire  Overall it's good. Nothing special, I wanna try the burritos next time with a groupon. My husband didn't like that they pack their tacos individually, we got 10 tacos in 10 separate styrofoam containers. Kinda not green in that way.
2	I've been here a few times now.  The pork tacos are greasy and the chicken tacos are usually cold and dry.  I would recommend the steak tacos and the croquetas. I haven't liked any of the salsas so I stopped ordering the combo meals.  They changed their loyalty program when I was two tacos away from a free one.  They said they could transfer it but instead of a punch card I would have to use their iPad mini.  It was a bummer.  I don't want to touch anything public during flu season.  The 'bertos across the street is better.  I think I will stick to it from now on.
5	This place is dope. You can get tacos and taco related things. Shrimp tacos are bomb. Couldn't understand a word the lady was saying through the drive thru mostly cause I'm super white and can't roll my "R"s. I ended up just agreeing with everything she said. Food was still good tho.
1	Well - I went off the reviews and oh boy...what on earth are you people thinking.  Tried the chorizo burrito and that was the worst burrito I have ever tasted.  No flavor just heat from the salsa.  The salsa was crap too.  Save your money and go across the street to Filibertos.
2	Meh. Had a pork burrito and just like the previous visit, very bland. I even added their habenero sauce I hopes it would help, not much flavor there either.
3	Stopped by this place for a late lunch and let yelp reviews decide what I ordered. Had shrimp, chicken, and pork tacos. I also tried the croquettes as well. Shrimp taco had the most flavor of anything I had. The salsas I tried lacked kick but hit the spot in the fresh department. I wan not impressed with the chicken or pork tacos, to me the meat was a bit dry and with the tortilla it just added to it. Shrimp taco yumSpicy mayo bomb Pork and pineapple combo goodPork and chicken was dry I'll give it another shot one day. The design of the place is pretty cool with the storage container look and feel.
1	Overpriced small tacos and tapas. Very cheap with their salsas as well. There's better places for tacos here and Arizona for sure. I would not recommend this to anyone.
2	I really want to like this place because the service is very good...sadly the quantity and quality of the food is not...seems like I'm being up sold too.The chicken taco was very dry and not big enough for a lunch portion on its own...had to add on the empanada to make it a "meal". Empanada was tasty enough but served on a bed of lettuce seemed uninspired. Was charged for chips and salsa too.$8 for this lunch was too much
5	This is by far the best drive thru Mexican food I've ever had! It doesn't taste like fast food at all. They use fresh, quality ingredients. My new favorite is the burrito bowl. Amazing!
5	Really great non fast-food drive thru food!  we really wanted some Mexican food wo the time to sit down and it met all out needs!   Well recommend it to others.y
4	I was looking for a good drive thru places for tacos within a reasonable distance, and Brushfire didn't disappoint.  We ordered carne asada tacos and pork tacos as well as an order of croquetas. The tacos are served on flour tortillas, although you can request corn. They didn't skimp on the filling... My carne asada taco was overflowing with me that I scooped up with a fork. The pork taco was my favorite. The meat was flavorful and the pineapple added just the right amount of sweetness. The croquetas were tasty, although I would have liked a little more ham. Service was good even though we arrived 10 minutes before closing. My only complaints are that they were out of limes and one of the tacos that I had requested items left of off was made incorrectly.  But I will define be back.
3	Food was fantastic. Really fresh and very good. The chicken on my taco was a bit dry and the portions weren't very big..... I'm a BIG "value" guy though and I'm not sure it's that good of a value. My lunch was a chicken taco "flight" (their term for a combo meal) to include chips and salsa, a drink and a side. I paid another $1 for the shrimp side. Al in it was over $9 to sit on a concrete bench outside and eat out of styrofoam. I think that if chipotle can be a brick and mortar with a dining room and serve fresh Mexican food with their overhead.... And make HUGE MONEY....This joint made from shipping containers and no dining room should be a slightly better value in the price department.  That said... The food was great.
