5	This place now Have Escargo, (think big snail). deeee ...liciouse... no other Chinese buffet offer that.!!! yum,,,yum. perfect!!!!
3	Me & the wife get a seafood craving so I check Yelp and like what I see on this restaurant so off we go. As Chinese dinner buffet prices go its affordable but doesn't take long to realize why the bargain. The food was average for the most part. The saving graces were the Mongolian BBQ & the coconut shrimp (way good!). The service was fine. The turn offs were the decor & lack of cleanliness (sticky floors, cruddy restrooms). If you're on a budget & want to fill the family go for it. If you're wanting to take your honey - naw...
2	Was just there this past Monday, and here's the scoop -- you have to be realistic about these kind of places.  Food is mediocre at best, but there is a lot of it and its cheap.  I definitely have had worse, but for the price (under $7 for a senior citizen including the drink), you cannot go wrong.  Some positives -- they have a basic Mongolian stir-fry BBQ, but on it, there is fresh shrimp that you can make your own stir-fry combination with.  You cannot compare this place to buffets like Zen Buffet or Pacific Seafood Buffet, but for the price, you cannot go wrong.
4	It was November '09 when I was here last, so Mike C. & I dropped in today to see how they're doing.  The food in this big old place is still very good, & there's a wide selection, but I had to wait a bit for the Mongolian  BBQ cook to show up, & maybe I've become stricter & just a big jaded since the last time I was here, many Chinese buffets ago.  Also, yes, I agree with Kimo K. that it doesn't measure up to Pacific Seafood or Jen.  (JJJJJ E N!!  JJJJJJ E N!!  JJJJJ E N!!)  (It DOES measure up to Zen Buffet, but that's 45 miles away in Glendale!)4-Stars for King Buffet!
4	Well not one of my top Chinese buffets in the valley but a really good place. The food was very good and had over 100 selections.Some of the items that stood out were the hot and sour soup ;chicken balls on a stick, BBQ pork spareribs and the deep fried breaded shrimp was awesome ,it tasted like they breaded there own fresh shrimp ,I have never had them taste as good as here.The chinese donuts were a little crunchy on the bottom and only get a three star rating but a good place to eat with a lot of good choices. Oh ya and are little Chinese girl server was real cute.
2	They do have a wide variety and it is fairly well priced but that doesn't excuse the bad food. The chicken and brocolli was good, but besides that I didn't even enjoy their fried rice, and that is the staple I primarily judge my Chinese food experiences on, it was yellow rice with unappealing looking pork and a bag of frozen peas and carrots mixed in.  So disappointing since my main reason for picking this spot when we had a hankering for a Chinese Buffet last week was the 4 star yelp review.
3	Went there for lunch yesterday completely out of the blue.  Had business to do in the same plaza, and just ended up parking and going in.I doubt I'll be back because of where it is and the many preferred buffets closer to me, so I'm going to write this one-visit review.The lunch price w/drink was just under $8.I'm not good at counting dishes, but they had enough for a decent variety on your plate even after your second go-round.The food was hit and miss.  The only thing I had that was nasty was some chicken that was supposed to be buffalo style.  Other than that, nothing blew my socks off but for $8 its better than most budget buffets I've been to.I want to mention their fried fish fillets and their fried chicken wings.  These both were the best out of all the buffets I've been to ever.  The batter on the fish was ridiculously good and the chicken had the perfect 'Chinese' taste without the aftertaste.  I wish I had gotten more of each, but I tried them at the end of my visit when there was no more room in the ol' silo.The place itself isn't much to look at.  No ambiance.  Sticky floors made me feel funny-haha as I walked to my seat.  There was a group of small children running around the place making all kinds of noise...but that's something I'm used to so it didn't bother me.  Pretty empty and a bit dark.  They could use an interior update.  Didn't venture into the bathrooms.  The serving areas were lacking in organization and presentation.  I dunno why, but sometimes I feel bad when owners don't spend time on presentation...like its my fault for not helping them with it.  Whatever.  Nothing was nasty or dirty on or around any of the islands, so that was good.Someone who seemed like management walked up and down each aisle constantly checking what needed to be replenished, and that was cool.  I lingered in front of an empty fried shrimp tray with a pathetic look on my face and he gestured that more would be coming out shortly.  The lone server took pride in what she was doing and was super-friendly.  Only the cashier seemed to be elsewhere in her mind.All in all, a good experience and a nice lunch of eating too much.  Good price, decent food, and sticky floors.  A budget buffet; I'm learning that there IS such a thing.  A-Ok, is accurate.
1	Finally found a buffet worse than City Buffet. How do these places stay in business? I couldn't finish anything I tried. Finally got so disgusted I walked out went to the Chinese Gourmet 3/4 mile south.
3	It's been over two years since an Update from here on this nice Buffet, so I stopped back in here today for lunch, joined by Robyn N.  They have been gradually remodeling this old place since my first visit back in '09 & it's fairly nice inside these days.  This is a large restaurant with comfortable boots as well as tables & today they were featuring 128 food items, plus sauces & dressings.  I started with some of their excellent Hot & Sour Soup, then it was on to salad & lots of tasty dishes including Stuffed Crab, bone-in BBQ Pork Ribs, a variety of seafood dishes, Mongolian BBQ, & more.  I'm lowering my rating of this Buffet from 4 Stars to 3 only because the competition has become more tough during this time.  With that said, this is a fun choice for an occasional visit & it was a nice lunch.     :-)Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
1	Looking for some Chinese buffet, came across this place. Wandering in it was not busy and the buffet was depleted of everything. Finally the kitchen staff started bringing out items and filled up the buffet, only good thing about this place. Pretty bland, not worth visiting!!!
5	Best Chinese buffet so far that I've been to!! Haven't ever gotton sick let alone had much symptoms from MSG & wonder if they even use it! The price is perfect & the food is delicious. So what if the decor isn't very popular or new, I'm there to eat, not just stare at the walls! The restrooms are usually clean when I'm there so idk when anyone else goes unless it's after a rush of kids whose parents aren't watching or caring where they at which is usually the case..duh! Awesome job guys!! =)
1	Had the grandparents over from out of town and I was looking for somewhere not too pricey but decent eats. This place was not it for sure. They sat us way in the back near the kitchen and bathrooms when the entire place was empty. Their food selection was poor, almost everything was fried. The place looked run down and lightning was horrible. We will never return to King Buffet.
3	First time here with my family. We got there before dinner and a few of the dishes were not warm, scary. Everything else tasted pretty great, the selection was adequate. The sushi had too much vinegar on the rice which overpowered everything else on the rolls. The dishes seemed to have a film on them that I scraped off with my fingernail, EWW. The crab legs were a little stringy and flavorless. If you decide to go, do it around 5pm when they put out the new hot steaming trays of food! The lighting and decor were both a little dark.  I may or may not return here.
1	Why do I keep giving Chinese buffets a second(thousanth) chance?  I really don't know, it's like Ikea, where you keep going there every 6 mo. hoping for that old 'novelty effect' you remember from your first time, but all you get is a hot, crowded store with no customer service filled with hot sweaty people and ugly couches.  Yes, they have nice meatballs if you can stomach sitting in their disgusting eating area where open dirty plates are everywhere and food covers ALL SURFACES.  It's like a bad addiction that you keep trying every now and then, thinking it might end up differently!Back to King Buffet...Stuffed between massage parlors and thrift stores I might have known better, but I thought I remembered a first time visit that wasn't too bad.  Walking in I noticed 9.99 buffet...Pricey for a place that's empty, but what's another $40 for the family to try something new, right??  A BIG MISTAKE, I found out.  The place only had 6 other people in it.  The floor reminded me of the upstairs floor of my parents' old barn (the barn was built in the early 1900s and hasn't been used in 30 years).  I expected grumpy, suspicious asians to meet me at the front and they did not disappoint...Old signs painted in a crayon crossed out the "12" in the "Children Under" definition and hand-wrote "11" (their idea of increasing revenue, I guess) - mushy chicken and balls of unidentifiable stuff on sticks filled the pans--at least those pans which contained food, which was about 25% of their overall food area.  The rest looked abandoned.  The food was really pretty bad - I mean terrible.  The place was dirty, the bathrooms were full of gaping wall holes and broken tiles, it was a large area but ridiculously old and unkept, reminded me of a haunted house attraction I went through somewhere once.Funny, I used to think Hometown or Harvest buffets were below me, but...No not really, that would have been twice as good as this place and probably cheaper.  It's weird how Chinese buffets don't seem to have a solid grasp of the correlation between price and value, that's why they are empty.  I've never been one of those people who think "chain restaurants" are beneath them - on the contrary, most chain restaurants do a far better job of accountability and consistency than the "local" places and I generally prefer them but Chinese buffets need to be in a category all by themselves.  You just never know.  I should have gone to Rubios and paid 2/3 that much for a far better family meal!I believe that a reasonable analysis of restaurants (or any product/service) should be about value vs. price.  Not just value.  So I'm not one to think that low-value places are beneath me - i.e. I McDonalds serves a heck of a product and achieves an amazing level of service FOR THE PRICE.  Whereas, I've been to local haunts around Chandler that the locals try to patronize that did a terrible job of price vs. value matching (Arriba and Brunchies come to mind).But if you're really into the 'experimental' type of eating out, try King Buffet.  Who knows, the General Chicken may actually contain poultry when you go!
1	Well this place is close to my job so I thought I would go in after working a late shift. When I walked in it look like any other buffet place, OK. I asked for a dinner to go and the lady in the front gave me a white Styrofoam to go container, OK. As I go around and get the food I wanted the lady followed me around as I was going to stuff shrimp in my pocket, I was the only one there but it was still embarrassing, not OK. I hate being racially profiled especially when i'm giving that person my money. Also the food wasn't even that good, it tasted bland but was edible.
2	I went on a Sunday afternoon. The food was below expectations as compared to the other Chinese food in the area. For some reason the heating trays were set to high and I burned my hand on the steam rising between the entree platters. The selection is poor, bland, and did not seem to be changed out after getting old. The basics (orange chicken, beef and broccoli) were okay. Sushi bar looked weird. The interior is old and worn. Wait staff wore dirty clothes. Children were playing in the dining area and seemed to be the employees children.
