5	I had two watch batteries to replace and didn't want to fight the mall crowd or parking.  PV Coin and Jewelry got me in and out super fast and replaced both batteries while I waited.  Cool place if you're into coin collecting too.
5	This place is fabulous!  Great customer service!  I had three repairs, a cross pendant that was damaged and needed to be soldered.  They not only fixed it but they rushed it so my son would have it in time to go on vacation.  It was my son's first time flying and he wanted to wear the cross for protection.  I also had 2 badly damaged wedding rings.  My band was missing a diamond and the gold was damaged.  Within a few days, both rings were repaired and looked brand new!  The prices are very reasonable and affordable.  I  highly recommend this place to Everyone.  Quality of work is exceptional!
5	So glad I found this place!!!! I was hesitant after reading a negative review, but decided to visit and draw my own conclusions. I was extremely impressed by their EXCELLENT customer service, skilled attention to every detail, and generosity of spirit. They are warm, wonderful people with a true passion for what they do, and their prices are SOOOO reasonable. I highly recommend them and feel very fortunate that we have them in our community.
5	Fantastic prices and customer service!  I took 3 watches in which all needed new batteries.  They were all fixed right on the spot with a friendly attitude and very fair price.  I was told they guarantee all of their work and did a great job.
5	I saw this place on yelp because I was looking for a place to replace my battery, so I thought I'd give this place a shot. I called and asked the man how much their rate once and to my surprise he told me that battery replacement was only 5 dollars on most watches. So I rushed in as they were going to be leave soon. When I arrived they greeted and promptly took my watch and offered me a bottle of water. They must've taken about five minutes from start to finish. This place gave me a great impression. Try them out. You won't be disappointed. I will be definitely coming back.
5	The husband and wife team who own and operate this quant little gem of a jewelry store are nothing but charming! I've gotten two different watch batteries replaced here, and they are quick and very affordable. Only $5 per watch battery, and they even did a complimentary cleaning of my ring. An old ring I got from my grandmother and didn't really know anything about other than it was pretty - the cleaned it and even enlightened me on its 1920s design! I highly recommend this place!
5	Jonah and Mariah made my dream engagement ring a complete reality and I am thrilled with how it turned out. My fiance came to them with some family diamonds (from a tennis bracelet and a diamond encrusted cross) and wanted to integrate them into making a very custom ring for me. Not only did Jonah and Mariah help him design from start to finish, they used all of the diamonds from my family jewelry (instead of just using the worth of the diamonds to go against final costs for the ring). Having family diamonds be part of my ring is extremely special to me. They also made my fiance's band from the metal that was meltded down from the bracelet, so literally every piece of the items he brought in are being used and staying in the family. My fiance RAVED about them and the entire process, and I echo every positive sentiment I heard after he proposed.I went in just 2 weeks ago with some questions regarding my ring, and how to properly clean it, and they were so friendly with very knowledgeable answers. They also buffed / cleaned my ring for free while I was there chatting with them and it looked GORGEOUS after the clean. We also went through designing my wedding band and they were so patient with all of my questions.I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for either vintage items (they specialize in jewelry from the 1920's-30's) or if you want something custom made.
5	I needed my battery replaced in my watch.  It was fix in just a few minutes.   Great place.  Thanks!
5	I stopped by to get a new watch battery.  The owner was very nice, and even though they were busy he changed it for me while I waited.  They also do custom work using your gold, so I'll go back to have them redesign a ring for me.
5	Came to PV Coin and Jewelry to replace two watch batteries.   Met Jonah and Moriah.   Wonderful and friendly people.   Replaced my batteries post haste and it was only $10.  Best place in town.  Please check them out.
5	Came by again to replace another battery in my Swiss Army Maverick and also get some links removed from my wifes Michael Kors Camille watch.  Didn't get charged for the links and only $5.00 for the battery.  Seriously,  how do these extremely nice people make money.  I'm hoping that I can have them design something down the road to repay their generosity.   They wouldn't even take a tip.  Please go see them.
5	Almost a year ago, I inherited a coin and stamp collection. Both of which I knew very little about. I put them aside, hoping to find the time to research what I had. Some time later they came up in a conversation. My friends wife then told me about PV Coin & Jewelry. She had stopped in the store with a bracelet that needed to be fixed. While there, the owner was helping someone with a stamp collection. She had said how comfortable she felt and suggested that I give them a call. A few days later I took in my stamp collection and coins. Jonah was very knowledgable and generous with his offer. I did a bit more research and took my collection to a few other dealers only to find Jonah's quote was by far the best. Thanks Jonah for all your help!
5	Awesome place! Really awesome family business and gave me a free battery replacement since it was my first time!
5	Small family business of true carrying his band and wife.  Quality is clear! We discussed ring designs, and it was clear they know what they were talking about and guided my unclear mind to what I truly wanted. Oh, and they replaced my watch battery for free (first time)!
5	When you are dealing with the complicated task of appraising jewelry from your parents' house for purposes of settling an estate, two things are essential:1.  Get multiple opinions--sometimes one source knows more than another on certain types of items,and2.  Find jewelry places that are trustworthy, with experts who know their stuff and will happily give you the very best and friendliest service.If you live in the East Valley, PV Coin and Jewelry is an excellent choice for one of those places.  We brought the jewelry in and we got a figure for each and every piece of value, listed one by one.  They even cleaned my mother's wedding ring and rated the center stone.  I and my family were made to feel like welcomed guests by Jonah and Mariah and we very much appreciated the care that they put into the appraisals.  Special thanks also goes to Jaime for his help in researching some of our older watches.I've said it before--service is 24k--pure gold.  That's what we got here.  We will certainly be returning.  I even noted that they make and cast custom jewelry here--something for us to consider for the future.  In the meantime, please head over here if you are looking for appraisals, want to shop for coins or jewelry, or need a few $$$ for scrap jewelry around your house.Five very enthusiastic stars.
5	Great Place-Great work-Great Prices-and Jonah and Mariah are awesome! Gene does excellent work as well. They were able to revamp much of my mom's jewelry into unique pieces for my family!
5	Terrific fast and friendly! My first batt replacement free with a wash.... and a mint too! :) highlyrecommended!!
5	Amazing shop. Owners are very professional and nice. They repaired a very high end watch and it looks like new. I bought a piece of jewelry for a gift and feel I got a very good deal on a lovely necklace. This is my goto place for jewelry and repairs from now on. Highly recommended!
