5	Who can resist a chocolate treat?!?! Whether it's an apple covered in some sugary goodness or just plain chocolate I always have to stop in here and pick something up everytime I am by DR! I know it's an awful fact I cant resist those moist ginormous choc dipped strawberries!!
4	Love the chocolate covered apples. They usually have a groupon for 2 apples for $6... a treat for you and someone else...or you might just give in and eat them both!
4	1st time visiting this location. Got to say I got "Chocolate Wasted." This cool little chocolate store is nestled in the corner of the food area of Desert Ridge Marketplace. This is not your typical chocolate you find in the stores. Rocky Mountain is the real deal. Fresh slightly refrigerated treats housed in glass case. Now to tempt the taste buds. The chocolates are neatly arranged and labeled so you know what surprise may lye in your chocolates. There are a wide variety to choose from. The place is like a restaurant that has many menu items you don't what to choose so your tempted to try it all. Peanut Butter Buckets, Chocolate Covered Pretzels, Potato Chips or Marshmallows, Fudge, Sea Salt Chocolate Covered Carmel (My Favorite)Truffles, Toffees, plus so much more. Now I have to say what caught my eye are the fancy Carmel Apples. There are a variety of ways you can choose to have your Apple. Unlike the traditional Carmel Apple you can have it coated with chocolate, nuts and other good stuff. Can't have to much sugar in your life. It is alright because they do have a small selection of sugar free options. The store was clean and organized. Not a spick of dust or item out of line. It is a cute little shop that also sells items in bulk for gifts. I choose a variety of items that were sold by the piece to allow me to sample different options. They were neatly packed in a bag that never made it home. I dipped my hand in the bag as I walked to the car and driving home. Now I have an excuse to go back for some more.
3	After dinner stop to enjoy my wife's craving for chocolate.  They have a vast amount of chocolate supply to meet the chocoholic.  It is a nice little shop with friendly service.  My wife and I both ordered a truffle.  It was not to die for, but definitely filled our sweet tooth craving.  Am I a fan?  No, not really, but it's definitely a nice little place to check out when walking around the Desert Ridge area.
4	When I'm craving a bit of dark chocolate this place can hit the mark. I'm a fan of their dark chocolate carmel, mint, or haystacks. The turtles and English toffees are yummy too. My hubby is a HUGE fan of their carmel apples. They even have chocolate dipped frozen bananas -- which reminds me of vacations in Newport Beach, CA when I was a kid. Overall: Yum!!
