5	A great place to find merchandise with a relevant edge instead of just an edge. On top of a great book selection (including a FANTASTIC children's book section), you'll also find greeting cards, calendars, magazines, and CDs. And you'll never get that "you're not feminist enough" attitude found in some of the big city feminist bookstores. They have a knowledgable, friendly staff, and a great little coffee shop inside, too. A comfortable, important store that Madison would do well to keep in business.
5	I have never considered myself a feminist of the Gloria Steinem or even Debbie Stoller vein, but this place makes me want to be one. Great selection of books. There's something of everything: fiction, poetry, non-fiction, scifi/fantasy, mystery, children's, graphic, LGBT, ethnic studies, history, crafts, psychology and self-help, cooking. The only thing missing, I suppose, are Computer Software and GRE/GMAT/SAT type books. The fiction section is amazing--lots of new and interesting titles, and somehow, they've made every book they've stocked look interesting and attractive (aesthetically) that you want to buy it.Come here for a real bookstore with real people who know books. It will make you want to read again. You don't need to be a feminist and you don't need to be a woman to spend a good hour or two in this store.
5	What a great store. A Room sells primarily books, ranging from popular new publications to a great, broad selection of books on specific topics, like environmentalism and feminism. They have a great selection of pins, bumper stickers and posters too. Lots of cute gifty items like stationary and chocolates. One can't deny this store's hippie vibes, but with such an awesome selection of products, it's a place anyone could call a room of their own.
4	This is the feminist/LGBT bookstore of Madison.  The book selection I'm sure is great, but the thing that made me happiest is the fact that they had public restrooms.  The walls were covered with articles about the status of gay rights around the country.  I actually read the entire article located near the toilet paper roll because it highlighted three cities: Madison, Washington DC (where I was coming from), and Richmond, VA (the home city of my traveling companion).  It seemed so appropriate!  Although I'm sure everyone thought I was having some serious issues since I spent so much time in there.. Oh, well! The education was worth it!
5	A lot of times when I shop for books I have an author or topic in mind and I beeline for that area or section and then peruse.  Its not often that I get sucked in by the "display tables."  Recently however, A Room of One's Own featured a phenomenally curated table of books on various artists, photographers, art movements etc.  One in particular, "Learning to Love You More" by Harell Fletcher and Miranda July, drew me in right away and haunted me for days.  I thought I didn't need to spend the money, I thought I didn't need another book on my shelf, I thought I should practice self-restraint, but after a week and two return visits I caved to my desire, picked up the book, and proudly purchased it.  I'd like to thank Room of One's own for nurturing me through the process.
5	I admittedly show a bit of my feminist bias in reviewing this store, but I love this place.The selection of books in this store is outstanding.  A feminism-themed bookstore, this store has excellent selections on a variety of topics.  In particular, their books pertaining to sustainability and the environment are very well-chosen, in addition to them having quite a selection.  As one would expect, there's also a rich selection of books relating to feminist and queer issues.  But, across the board, their selection on all topics is good--especially when one considers the small size of this store.The staff are also very courteous and helpful, and there is a great discount section with used books--again--with an amazing selection.This is simply one of the best bookstores I've found anywhere in the U.S.  It is a true asset to the city of Madison.
5	Madison's best bookstore. The staff are so friendly and helpful. I've had great experience ordering books that weren't in stock-- they always arrived within a few days: so much more reliable (and enjoyable) than ordering from an online mega-business. Room also carries lots of nice nick-nacks & paper goods (and outrageous bumper stickers/buttons!!).  PLUS they give out free cookies during the holidays... who could ask for more??My favorite thing about Room is the sense of community I feel as a customer there. The employees and fellow customers make this little haven off of State St. feel like a home away from home. This bookstore is truly a gem.
1	As a Gender and Women's Studies major, and a 22+ year resident of Madison, I love the idea of A Room of One's Own - the locally owned feminist bookstore...HOWEVER: putting aside the store's selection and what it stands for, I absolutely DESPISE entering into this store. The UW-Madison Gender and Women's Studies program has students buy their textbooks here to support a local business, and I am down for that absolutely, but the HORRIBLE customer service here makes me avoid it like the plague.Over the years I have so badly wanted to enjoy visiting A Room of One's Own that I have tried to start with a clean slate each time I enter the store, but am always let down. The employees are extremely rude, any question I have asked has always been answered as if I am taking up the employee's precious time.I have even called with questions and have been told to come into the store and figure it out myself....really not cool.You would think that a store like this would be happy to have any sort of customer, and that as a local store, it could be more conscious about how it treats its visitors, but this is not the case. Specifically over the past 4 years I have been in school, I have never once been treated kindly, and I don't support that.
4	I stopped in here, looking for a good local bookstore with eclectic tastes and employees who clearly enjoy similar books.  I think I might have found it.  The staff gave me some great recommendations for books to read, while travelling, and I have really enjoyed them.  Sadly, I live quite a ways a way.  But, anytime I am around, I'll be back!Thanks for the great reads!
5	I couldn't be happier that A Room of One's Own got a larger store!  Now they have used books and enough room to really show off their collection.  A Room of One's Own has roots in the community and staff that cares about books and reading.  They host marvelous events, they're one of the venues for the Wisconsin Book Festival, they do things for literacy campaigns and social justice groups, and they gift-wrap for free.  What more could you want?(Okay, I know, coffee, but in all fairness, they *did* try that, and it's understandably hard to keep a coffee shop going on State Street when you're surrounded by Espresso Royale, Fair Trade Coffeehouse, Michaelangelo's, Starbucks, The Sunroom, Cosi, and everywhere else you can get an espresso drink.  Also, the staff are totally cool with you bringing your lidded coffee drink into the store and sipping it while you browse.)The service I've received in this store has always been great, and the books they have in stock - science fiction, children's section, and gift selection in particular - are all amazing.
5	LOVE the new space! A Room of One's Own is really turning into a world class book store (in the league of Green Apple Books in SF and Bookshop Santa Cruz). Great selection, incredible staff. Stay awesome AROO!
5	Such a charming bookstore. It's actually quite large, with well planned out twists, turns, and sections flowing right after the other. The architecture is old, with beautiful archways and heavy, wooden doors.I loved that the sections were easy to find, and the staff was knowledgable. There was even a section of books for dancers. So cool! New AND used book selection.I heard a lot of people coming for books for their classes, so there is that too if you are a student.Oh, I can't leave out the great stationary and reading goodies as well!
4	The store is comfortable and inviting.  They have a book for everyone. If you don't find it on shelf, ask they will order for you.  Spending money at an independent bookshop helps everyone.  Enjoy
