3	Manti wasn't bad! Worth going
5	I've been wanting to come here ever since i saw that woman making tortilla-like bread in the window!Me and my friend decided to eat here because we didn't know where else to go. We had both never eaten turkish food so this was an experience.We were greeted by a friendly waitress who seated us promptly and gave us the menu. After inspecting the menu items, we were both clueless! So i asked the waitress for some help. She was very kind and went through the menu with us. Everything seemed yummy. Very uncomplicated food where the spices and ingredients speak for themselves.We both had Gozleme; a panini like sandwich made with the lavash (tortilla like bread). You have different choices of fillings; i had beef and parsley and my friend had spicy spinach. It's made almost in front of you on the stove were the lady makes the lavash. The gozleme is served with a simple salad. I usually don't eat side salads but this one was yummy with its yogurt-like dressing and fresh parsley. My gozleme was really good.... it tasted like a tiny meat pie. I could taste the spices and enjoyed it greatly.To drink, i had turkish tea; it tastes like black tea but a little bit more bitter. It comes in a tiny glass and costs only $1. I loved it but i think its high in caffein. For dessert, my friend and i shared a baklava. Its actually 4 little baklavas so it was perfect to share. Very good and tastes home made.Overall, the food was amazing and came out to $13.50 with tip. Definitely going back. Go try turkish food. its really good!
4	PROS:1. The food was pretty darn delicious. We got the mezzes (hummus and yogurt with cucumber-yum!!) and I had the Iskender as an entree. Really delicious!! The manti (little dumpling dish) is good too but I thought the Iskender was better. 2. They have a lunch special: Soup, Entree, Dessert, Turkish Tea for $12.99, steal!!3. The tortillas (i know there's a turkish word for that, but i fail to remember it, my bad) that go with the mezzes are made fresh off the grill the lady uses in the window! 4. I like the casual turkish carpet decor and the cafe style. However, the menu does need a facelift. CONS:1. No A/CCCCC or windows, making it a stuffy place for a summer lunch/din.OVERALL:-I would recommend this place.-I think gettting 4 mezzes would suffice as a meal in itself and you get to try more things!-Lunch deal is a steal people!!
5	very tasty food and a nice cozy atmosphere. we will definately go again.
5	homemade delicious turkish food in a comfortable place with pleasant music - seems family owned and operated. the 4 mezze (served with fresh warm lavash) and borek makes for a great meal.  several groups stopped in to ask what the food was and seemed worried that it would be spicy - it is complex and well (delicately) spiced, but not hot ...
2	Tres bon service . Portions de repas tres petites , prix tres cher , mezze sans gout beacoup de plats made in  micro onde .
4	Fantastic Turkish food that will leave you wanting to plan your next vacation in Turkey! Authentic and delicious! I'd go for the lahmacun and manti (dumplings)!
5	It was my first time having traditional turkish food. It was the best ever. I have since been back there 3 times in a matter of 4 months. That says a lot about how yummy their food is. You cannot go wrong with any of their dishes. My parents are vegetarian and they had great options here. Everyone was happy and of course I was already happy. A must go to stop if you are visiting Montreal!
4	Delicious Turkish food, in specious traditional decorate . Clean and have multiple choices .try Saj and boreks .
5	Incredible food! Warm ambience and fair pricing. Definitely recommend one their gozlemes :) highly recommended!
5	Great Turkish food. The flat bread is extremely delicious and when you get it piping hot from flat top it is extraordinary. Food can awhile so order drinks.I found the hummus to be the only low point on their menu. It is perhaps because they use canned chick peas rather than fresh ones. However everything else is extremely delicious. Try the dumplings they are great.
4	Great Turkish restaurant and cheap!It's a cozy little place with woven Turkish decor. Right in the front you can watch as the flatbread is made. Perhaps the best steal on the menu is to choose a borek where you get an assortment of your choice to go with your bread. Absolutely delicious!! As others have said, this bread-making resto heats up so I wouldn't suggest going on a 30 degree day but definitely go when slightly cooler out!
4	Service was good as was the food, portions were great. We ordered a bit too much the first time so when we go back we will chose less. Lots of leftovers.
5	I recommend going with few friends so you can order different meals and have a bite of everything :) Amazing fresh breads should to be mentioned!Unique taste of Turkey you could call it I guess lol
4	One of the first places I ate at when I moved to Montreal. Very nice people. great food.  Nice atmosphere. I am not easily impressed by the version of Mediterranean food available in North America, but I have to say this place is very authentic.
4	I have to say at first: my opinion on the great service is a bit biased by the fact that my good friend works there as a waitress. However, I would say that the food, although I did not try it all (yet) is amazing. It tasted a lot like the food I had in Istanbul last summer, thanks to the Turkish chef. I had the beef and parsley gozleme. I also really like the fact that we could watch the lady making the Turkish bread in front of the resto. The lady making the bread even invited one of the customer's children to show her how to make it. This created a very cozy and playful atmosphere that I liked in the restaurant.I would recommend this place to go with a group of friend or family, that way they can share the plates and taste a lot of different dishes.
4	Great little gem! The portions are reasonable, the food is very flavorful, and cheap! The service is very homely and efficient. The babaganus (as spelled on their menu) is superb! Pretty good coffee, and great tea. The baklava is delicious here as well. I cannot wait to go back, definitely a great place to check out!
1	First time tried this resto in montreal the entree was borek with dolme and eggplant which were all old and cold not good in taste at all not comparable with the borek in turkeyThe main dish was small chops of lamb with vegetables so greasy and small portion the price was too expensive 19$ Small cup of tea like one small shooter 3$ Too expensive It was not at all the turkish restoIt is a totall shit
