5	I had a fantastic experience at Town and Country!  I am a second-time car buyer (first time, bought new; second time, wanted a more expensive model that I couldn't afford new), but was dreading the process of dealing with a "used car salesman."  I can truly say purchasing through Town and Country (Ron and Jay were my salesmen) was a pleasurable experience.  I am very rarely inclined to write a Yelp review, but I feel these folks deserve it. I will refer all of my friends to Town and Country Motors.
1	After looking at the others reviews, my opinion is very different. I purchased a 2004 Ford Explorer from this dealer. After I asked many question concerning the vehicle, I was told that its inspection was Perfect. Well long story short, I got the vehicle in January, the entire transmission went out the beginning of May ($1800) little while later the radiator exploded ($905) and even after putting $304 into a new air conditioning system, I am still sweltering in the 109 heat because it doesn't work properly. When I called to see if there was anything that could be done, I was told rather harshly "Well your 15 day cool down period is over". Guess we all play the fool sometimes. Sorry but the customer service, and the fact that I was sold a "lemon" even after I was guaranteed a good quality car keep my review negative.
5	One of the easiest car buying transactions I've had the pleasure of experiencing. The car that was advertised was EXACTLY as it was advertised and the price as advertised. I've discovered that to be a very rare occurrence, amongst most other local car dealers, in the Phoenix Metro area. The staff was very friendly and bonus points for being dog lovers (they have a gorgeous, well mannered dog, on site). No haggle, no muss, no fuss. We inspected it, drove it, decided to buy it and wrote the paperwork up and drove it home. Easy-peasy. They have a lot of vehicles on site and wide selection, but we knew specifically which one we wanted and only looked at the one we found advertised, on Craigslist. I would definitely buy from them, again.
1	Purcased a convertible in 2004 from town and country. The obd2 monitor couldn't be reset, could not renew registration, car would not pass through emissions testing. The convertible roof has no inner lining and was STAPLED together with an office stapler. I purchased a carfax which cleared, took the car to the dealer for a buyers check  before purchasing and it cleared, just tried to trade in vehicle and a new carfax showed the car had been involved in accident and had structural damage and town and country managed to sell the car before it was reported to carfax....buyer beware. ...
5	Just wrapped up my second purchase of a car from the folks at Town and Country, and had another great experience.  I love supporting locally family owned businesses, and this is a business that I will continue to return to.  I feel as though some of the prior reviews on here are a bit unfair, from people who had an axe to grind. I didn't feel pressured at all in the sale, and they were very helpful in putting me into the right vehicle... Their pricing was fair, and everyone was nice, throughout the entire process.  With a little negotiating I got fair value for my trade-in (also purchased from Town and Country), and felt comfortable throughout the buying process...  Or as comfortable as you're going to feel when purchasing a car, I suppose. I highly recommend Jim and his team at Town and Country, and will be doing business with them again when I'm back in the market for a vehicle again!
