4	Coming from Seattle and being used to a completely different style of Chinese food, this place was acceptable.The service was quick, they didn't mind the 3 of us sitting at a table for a while, and the food was ok.  It's one of the better places I've had Chinese food in Phoenix and would definitely go back.I had the Mongolian Beef and it was quite bland, but good nonetheless.  I'd definitely go here again.
4	Great place to eat!  Friendly service, with consistent high quality, great tasting food!  Highly Recommend.
4	Visiting the Phoenix area for a couple weeks. Friends of my sisters recommended this place so we met here for lunch today.This is my kind of Chinese place... a small, hole in the wall joint in a strip mall doesn't always bode well for quality food, but sometimes an unauspicious setting can hide a gem of a find. The food here is excellent and plentiful and obviously made of good quality ingredients. As I said, it's a small place but we showed up as a group of five and were seated promptly. They were ready with a pot of oolong tea, which is served with all meals and was a nice touch. I really love oolong tea. My entree was shrimp with garlic sauce and it was delicious. They give you plenty of big, tender shrimp in a tasty, not-too-garlicky-but-just-enough brown sauce. I couldn't quite finish it despite the fact I was very hungry going in... the portion size might be enough for two people if you get an entree. They also have lunch specials which appear to have smaller sized main entrees but also include an egg roll and a cup of soup.They kept the pots of tea coming just as fast as our group emptied 'em. Fast, attentive, friendly service.  If I lived in the Phoenix area, this would certainly be one of my go-to places for excellent Chinese take-out or even eat-in, especially if you get there before or after a lunch or dinner rush.
4	I had not been to Abacus Inn in several years. I use to work close then was transfered to another area of the city. Anyway, I got a coupon for Abacus Inn from LunchClub.com (a great place for cool discounts, but that is a different story) and remembered how much I loved them. I went and it was as great as I remember. Sun Devil Chicken, a dish with chicken with Jalapanos rule! And having a discount was even better. I will be back now that they are back on my radar. Give them a try. The staff was friendly and made us feel welcome. Go visit them!
4	Good quality, very tasty. Have always been pleased.
4	Sun Devil Chicken. Try it.House Special Chicken. Try it.These are dishes that are distinct enough from standard Chinese fare to bring me back again and again. Though the Abacus looks like any other standard strip-mall Chinese, the creativity the owners show on these two items sets it apart in my mind. I've been going there for about 13 years now. An old favorite.
4	I guess I was the fourth person to make the mistake of getting this confused with the Abacus Inn on 48th St & Elliot.  No big deal, glad I tried a new place.We ordered your usual type of chinese foods.. mongolian beef, chicken chow mein, some soup, etc. Felt bad because when the waiter was walking our food to the table he somehow slipped and the entire tray of food tumbled to the ground and he burnt himself in the process.  He apologized at least a dozen times, in which we were just making sure he was ok.  They cleaned up the mess and we enjoyed a very delicious, stuffing meal. I'll be back!
4	Love the food at this joint, and the prices are very good!
2	Was so psyched for this place.  What a letdown.  It was okay, but no big shakes.  Personally, I think the group I went with is SO cheap that if you get a big pile of food--discounting quality or taste at all--then you would just loooooove this place....and they did.  Needless to say, I found a new group of buds to hang with.  I can do 'po all by mah self.Piles of food.  Not much taste is Abacus' specialty, so I ordered the something-balls which is a piece of water chestnut wrapped in bacon on long wooden skewers.  Got enough of them to be full.  Are they good...meh.If you like meh, you'll love this joint.  Plus, it looks like an old, filthy diner to me.
3	I've been here many times as we live in the area. Nothing here will really knock you out, but I do like their Walnut Shrimp. Ask for it with a light amount of sauce, otherwise it's absolutely slathered.The service is always friendly, but many times we order something like an appetizer or won tons that simply never arrives. Oh well, it's become a running joke- will we get it or not?Overall a decent place.
5	Great food. Great prices. Great service. That's all that needs to be said.
5	This is a great Chinese food place - I recommend it.  There are many different tasty dishes to choose from.  It's operated with good service and modest prices too, so it makes for a great dining experience. ;)
4	Delicious Kung Pao Chicken! Restaurant was clean. Service was fast and friendly! Will visit again!
5	Absolutely fantastic.  Great service, great food, and you can't beat the pricing, especially for a family.  Oh, and I love the hot tea.
4	I had a really nice experience eating at Abacus Inn tonight. The place is small and unassuming in a little strip mall.  If you weren't looking for it, you'd never see it.  The staff was all very friendly.  I'm in town on business, so I was dining for one.  I asked to sit at the bar, and they obliged.  Kudos for having a full bar and Tsingtao! First, let me warn you.  If you order the wonton soup, it is ENORMOUS.  I can't quite describe how huge this bowl was.  To put it into perspective, they brought me a ladle and a smaller bowl to put the soup in.  It was enough soup for a family of four easily.  I felt bad, because I couldn't even make a dent in it, and since I'm staying in a hotel without a fridge, I had no way to keep the leftovers.  Just be prepared - this is not an appetizer.  This soup could feed an army.Having said that, the soup was yummy.  It had big wontons in it, chicken, shrimp and lots of fresh vegetables.  For my main course, I ordered the black pepper chicken.  It was very spicy, but very good.  Really heavy on the black pepper, but hey, that's what it's called.  It was nothing mind blowing, and I've certainly had better Chinese.  I was a little disappointed that the mushrooms they used in the dish appeared to be canned mushrooms (like the ones you get on pizza) as opposed to fresh mushrooms.  Four stars for super friendly service, great prices and yummy (but not particularly special) food.
4	First attempt at asian cuisine in Phoenix and I thought it was delicious! As a vegetarian, i wasnt sure what to expect. but the Family Bean Curd (tofu) dish is perfectly tasteful and spicy.As some people mentioned, its a pretty low key place. but that means not filled to the brim with loud or annoying patrons, and that means a nice quiet meal can be had!they also give a complimentary desert when you dine in - some type of very light and crunchy pastry with a banana. best of all, no charge for it. went on a saturday and was back there on tuesday, if that says anything.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Abacus Inn this past week. (We had not been there for several years.)  The food was delicious, the service was friendly and attentive, and the prices were very reasonable.  We will definitely go back to try some other dishes.
3	Delivery: Ordered four times now and while it's not earth shattering Americanized Chinese food. It's been well packed,hot,and on time. Yes some of the sauces, specially the Kung pao are  bland but the hot and sour soup, thankfully,doesn't fall into that group.  really a  2.5  raised to a 3.
1	NOT WORTH IT!!!  I was very disappointed with the quality & service.  I had initially requested to have my order delivered, was given a total which did not match up, so  I called them back to say that I'd just pick up my large order instead & was given a $5+ price difference.  I asked them what their delivery fee was, they said $3.00. Hmmm!...Clue #1.  When I picked up the order, I was given another totally different price.  I went ahead & paid for it anyways, but still felt they'd cheated me.  My container had more steamed Brocolli than there was Walnut Shrimp.  That plate was $10.95.  My husband began to eat his dish (Moo Goo Gai Pan) and he said how it tasted like it was cooked with chemicals.  I tried a spoonful and confirmed it.  He ended up puking his guts out about an hour later.  I called to speak to the Manager & they acted like they didn't care about our experience.  I told him that I wasn't expecting a refund but just needed them to hear my concern.  They still didn't care.  It's no wonder why people prefer to go to Buffets.
3	Decent place.  I ordered delivery tonight because it's very close to my home and we didn't feel like cooking.I'm a pretty harsh reviewer so don't be alarmed that it wasn't given 4/5 stars.  I'm not a big consumer of Chinese food, but I know what I like.  I don't even think PF Changs deserves 3 stars.  I'd take a quick lunch at China Chili over them any day of the week for your reference.The menu was decent enough.  Most of the same dishes you see everywhere else, plus a couple that aren't as mainstream as your basic 10 item take out joint.OK so to the food.  We ordered the Shrimp and Cream Sauce, Orange Chicken, and an order of the Crab Puffs.  Portions are more than generous.  The Shrimp with Cream Sauce was um, interesting.  The shrimp were large, well cooked, and there was a decent amount of them for the price.  I prefer spicy dishes so it was a little on the bland side for my tastes.  On it's own the dish was not what I would consider Chinese.  It was more like an attempt at a crustless shrimp pot pie than an Asian inspired meal.  A few shots of Sriracha helped a bit.  Probably wouldn't get that one again just for that.  It was ok, just not what I expected.The Orange Chicken was what you would normally think of from a place like this.  Breaded chicken with a sweet sauce.  However, the breading was light and crisp, the chicken was tender, not dry at all, and the flavor was really good.  Could easily get 2 meals out of this dish as well.Crab Puffs were exactly what you would expect from an average Chinese spot.  Fried wontons filled with cream cheese and a few tiny bits of imitation crab.  I will say that there is a decent sized plop of the cheese mixture, and they were crunchy and not too greasy.  Again the portion size (8 per order) was much more than I have seen at other places.I will order from here again. Just keep in mind that I wrote this considering it as a Chinese delivery option, and it was a good bit better than many I have tried. Large portions, arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and got here hot and crispy.  Good value and decent food.
3	Ordered delivery from here, and it was surprisingly good although not the fastest delivery (Friday night). The lo mein was tasty and my sizzling rice chicken was very flavorful, although more sweet than I would have expected. Actually tasted better the second day, too.
5	I LOVE this place!  The food is so fresh and delicious and they deliver!!  I am lucky enough to be within their delivery zone and I crave it!  My favorite is the walnut shrimp, but their crab puffs are very good too!  I have never been disappointed and have tried numerous different menu items.  They are friendly and fast, I highly recommend Abacus Inn!!
5	I found my new favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley.What a surprise this place is. I went to Abacus Inn after reading all the good reviews and Abacus lives up to expectations.  I think it's safe to say I've found my new favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley.  ABACUS INN is simply delicious!  The Mongolian beef was to DIE FOR.  The Mongolian Beef was tender and seasoned perfectly. The portions are huge, I was full after the appetizers as was my lunch companion, so I took a lot of food home, and it tasted great the next day. Abacus Inn is reasonably priced, friendly staff, excellent food, and very generous portions.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  I especially appreciated that she boxed up the leftovers instead of just dropping off some boxes at the table. Now that I found this gem, I'll be sure to go back.  If you haven't tried it, go...NOW.
5	Love This place, ate here last night. wonderful staff, wonderful food, excellent prices. go here as often as possible
4	Tasty food, great prices, prompt, friendly service. And a surprise bit of dessert was delivered with the check. We found this place "by accident" after shopping at Big Lots in the same run-down strip mall, but we'll definitely be back.
4	Is this the best food I've ever had in Phoenix?  Why yes, I think it is.  If I lived in Phoenix, I'm sure I'd be giving out five stars in a heartbeat.  I don't, though, I live in Portland.  And I sincerely apologize to Phoenicians, but I've had a long streak of bad food from your city . . . well, your state.  Abacus was a huge exception.Correctly priced, excellent service and wonderful food, don't pass up this place for Chinese food in Phoenix.
5	Excellent Restaurant.  Clean, Good Food and Service I highly recommend.
3	Service was excellent.  I couldn't believe how fast they served my lunch.  Food was good and reasonably priced.  I liked that they brought out a side plate with fried won tons like a Mexican restaurant would tortilla chips.  I ordered kung pao shimp and cleaned my plate. Decor ah...as long as the food and service are good dated decor isn't a showstopper.
1	the springroll was good for something with all veggies, but that's about the only good thing. the thai volcano beef that I ordered was WAY too salty and not spicy at all. After I left the money on the table, the boss or whoever thought I was trying to walk off without paying and stopped me. Really now?? I'm trying to walk off on a bill for $9?? Talk about bad customer service. another badly managed chinese restaurant that can't cook. Never coming back again
1	Is everyone else reviewing this place in cahoots with them or what?I consider myself to be somewhat of a Chinese food connoisseur, so I am always excited to try a new spot. I was staying with a friend in this area, so I ordered from Abacus. First off, I found them to be a tad expensive. I ordered pork fried rice, chicken fried rice, crab puffs and chicken egg foo young with lo mein instead of white rice and it was $40.00!The rice was bland and the pork was an odd color. The chicken fried rice was also bland. The crab puffs were 99.9% warm cream cheese with the tiniest sprinkling of crab essence.... Our disgust was in the chicken egg foo young and lo mein. The lo mein came in an individual carton and was just dried noodles. There are no veggies mixed in nor any meat. The egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce. I've ordered this same dish from every Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten in and NEVER has it looked like this. We sent out a search party to locate the egg, the foo or the young but were unsuccessful, so we contacted the delivery company thinking they got the order wrong. After a half hour we received a call to inform us that that was INDEED the chicken egg foo young and that they don't mix the meat into the egg; they just pour it on top. Since I already had it and was unhappy by the presentation, I figured... why not try it and complete the cycle of unhappiness. The taste did not disappoint in that area. Three tiny egg patties sat underneath all of the water chestnuts, thin liquid, chicken, broccoli, and every other vegetable they could throw into this container....THE BEST THING I ATE WAS THE FORTUNE COOKIE.... I'll never order from them again!
5	Good food, good price, really nice people unlike some other Chinese restaurants I've been to. Orange chicken and volcano beef were really good! Don't expect your "New York" style Chinese food here. It's Arizona, if you love New York so much move there and we'll enjoy our "Arizonan" food. Honestly hate reading reviews on chinese places where everyone says it's not like New York. So you've had food in New York, Awesome!Gold star for you
3	Return visit.  Fried Shrimp dipped in hot mustard and soy sauce top notch.  Vegetable chow mein waste of money.  I love vegetables in my Asian food so when I order the vegetable version of any dish I really want to see the vegetables.  Probably only 1 spoon full of vegies with no variety in type in a full plate of noodles. NOOOOO!Panda Express would have been better and cheaper with no tip required.  Also they are in such a hurry they don't listen.  I ordered hot tea for the cold night but never received it.  It's the kind of place I should only visit for lunch which is a better deal.
4	My husband only eats this beef broccoli. The service is fast and take out is great. They also deliver but I unfortunately live too far away. Love the honey banana won ton served at the end. Good food at a great price.
5	Extremely fast service food was out quick and fresh! Would most likely come back soon! Recommend this to anyone.
5	Their lunch special is a great value!  Soup, chip things, good portions and a dessert.  But if you do nothing else order the crab poofs!  They are freaking amazing, you will never have them anywhere else as good as this.
4	I ordered from here last weekend and so far so good.  I ordered two things and the volume of food was so much that I actually didn't run out until last night.  To me that's pretty impressive to order something and be able to make it stretch for dinner every night of the week for 6 days straight.  Considering the volume I'd say the price wasn't bad either.They accept credit cards and delivery was pretty speedy.  They told me by phone 45 minutes and actually were there within 25 minutes.  So sooner than I thought it would be.I'd say I'm going to order here again for sure.
5	I came here with my wife, daughter, and mom for an early mother's day on Thursday the 8th. I chose to come here because my mom hasn't been here and we all love Chinese food. This place has had the best Chinese consistently over the last few years that I've been coming here.This time we ordered egg rolls, crab puffs, kung pao two, orange chicken, chicken chow mein, and house special chow mein. Everything was cooked to perfection. As always, the crab puffs were delicious. The food came out on large plates with each holding enough to feed 2 grown Americans. More than enough for our group - leftovers the next day were a treat.Service was polite and very good. This is the best place for Chinese in the area and quite possibly the valley. The food is delicious, the service is very good, delivery is quick, and the price is a bargain. All of our food with drinks came out to about 50 with tip. Well worth it to feed a family of 4 really good food with enough leftovers for each person the next day.
5	Ok, not sure how this place ended up with 2 Yelp pages, but since I reviewed the other one the last time I came here, I'll do this one for my more recent visit.I came here with the wife after getting back in Phoenix after a 4th of July weekend up north. The long drive left us hungry and feeling lazy so this was a natural choice since it is the best Chinese food I've found in the area.Upon our arrival, they had classical music playing. Not at all what I would expect in a Chinese restaurant, and it struck me as weird, but I wasn't there for music. Good conversation and good food easily drowned it out.We ordered a maitai and hot tea for the wife, a Dr. Pepper for me, egg rolls, crab puffs, kung pao chicken and black pepper chicken.The drink was perfect and delicious. The egg rolls and crab puffs were perfect as usual.The kung pao chicken is an old favorite of mine and was just as good as I remember, spicy with a hint of sweet. The black pepper chicken was new to us both and seemed similar in appearance to the kung pao with a couple exceptions.The black pepper chicken was white meat chicken sauteed with bell pepper, onions, carrots, mushrooms, with a jalapeno spicy special sauce. It was spicy, but a flavorful spicy. Not "OMG, get me water NOW!" spicy, but just enough that you felt it. Between the two of us, we seemed to favor the black pepper chicken over the kung pao. Both made a very delicious lunch the next day for both of us.At the end of our meal we were given the traditional fortune cookie as well as what I would describe as a bit of banana in a wonton with honey drizzled on it. That was a pleasant and delicious surprise.Service was good, as usual with this place. I don't know about all the old poor reviews, but I've never had any issues with this place whether I do take out, delivery, or eat in. It's always good, and always fast.
4	We decided to try delivery Chinese food for dinner. The lady who took out order was very nice and patient even with the constant phone ringing in the background.  We had the Walnut Shrimp which was delicious but a small order for the price.  The Chicken Chow Mein with crispy noodles, Kung Poa Chicken and Egg Flower soup were good size portions, warm and delicious.  Delivery was said to be 45 min, but we got our order sooner.For Delivery Chinese food, we'll keep Abacus Inn's phone number for next time.
5	We love Abacus Inn!  We always order for delivery-- beef chow mein, chicken terriyaki, sizzling rice soup, sweet and sour chicken, potstickers, crab puffs-- we have never been disappointed.  They always quote you a time and arrive before the quoted time-- fast. Some of the best Chinese we have had via delivery in the Phoenix area.  My only wish would be that they get a computer system to remember our info and orders.  Otherwise-- pretty much perfect!
5	Son has been getting it for years.  I finally joined him and then got husband to try.Now we order weekly. The service is always quick, great portion size AND the food is AAAAAMAZING!!!!
3	First time here and I had the Moo Shu Pork. It was really good! Crab puffs were a good deal and tasty as well. I would return.
4	Lured by the Phoenix Magazine claim that Abacus Inn boasts the Best General Tso's Chicken, it was worth investigating. The restaurant is traditional, service is kind and fast and prices are low. Best General Tso's Chicken? It's no match to the now defunct Jasmine Tea House in my hometown... but it's less sweet, red and sticky that what you find everywhere else. That, in my opinion, is a good start.
4	Would have been 5 stars but the crazy lady on the pick-up order phone call ruined it a bit.  Didn't matter though as the food rocked.  Decent General chicken, really good Hunan and the Egg Foo Yung was perfect.  Only did dine-in once, mostly to-go.  When we did dine in their tea was very good and the service was adequate.
5	First time I have eaten here, it was great. We had it delivered. We were told 45 min for delivery time but food was here within 20 minutes.  It was delicious! We will be eating here again.
4	Entrees we amazing were amazing. The fried rice was mediocre. I'm used to having my fried rice with little bits of carrots and peas.... Service was awesome. The little Asian lady was SO nice and accommodating. Very conversational. This is probably my new fav for Chinese.
5	We order from here a lot and never have been disappointed! I thinks it's one of the best Chinese places around phoenix. And they are supper fast and really good prices.
