4	This is a stop I hit whenever I head to the Waterfront. It's a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes, it takes time to find things I like, but that's what discount stores are about! Overall, of all the TJ Maxxes I've been to (from New Mexico to Boston), this is a pretty good one.
5	This TJ Maxx is quickly becoming a weekly stop for me! The corporate team is definitely giving this store a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately, I haven't been able to go into this store without spending at least $50-100. Dangerous!As you walk in, handbags are the first thing you see. Last time I visited the store, I was on a mission -- coffee table decor -- but was quickly sidetracked by a large, briefcase-sized, black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-off the suggested retail price. So tempting... but I forgot about this amazing bag when I stumbled upon two quality sweaters thirty seconds later. One was Design History, which is a brand currently sold at Nordstrom, Saks, Neimans, and Bluefly, for only $25. I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for $29, Meri Meri cupcake kits for $7, Woodwick candles for $10-12, and a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for $29. I walked out of the store minus $120 in my debit account with at least $300+ of product.I've also been delightfully surprised by the cleanliness of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendliness of the staff. I was having an issue with my debit card while there, and the two associates that I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.I'll definitely be going back in the next week or two to see what amazing new deals they'll have then!
4	Great variety and exceptional bargains. From home decore to clothes and specialty foods and gadgets, TJ Maxx has got you covered.It's hardly ever crowded, store is clean and check outs are quick.
4	I enjoy this TJ Maxx location. I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge, but decent.This location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion. I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??I generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!All in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
4	Decent size, decent selection, decent staff.I guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.  As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.  Can always snag a deal here.  I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?That being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.  So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
