3	...weaned me off baby food with rice and beans.I've been going to the Pinata since before I could walk. My grandparents were tight with the Bougarins and we ate there often. At some point (as my grandmother tells us every time we go), Pete confronted my mother and told her I shouldn't be eating that baby food, that I should be getting a proper start with an order of rice and beans. After that, I was hooked. For years I ordered the same thing with a Roy Roger (think cherry coke). Family Wedding rehearsal dinners, birthdays, out of town guests, there seemed to be no reason not to choose the Pinata for good Mexican food.I used to sneak away from the table to play video games in the front corner of the cantina. Even today, it still feels like a room that I shouldn't be in or even curious about. Each time, our going-away treat was one of the $0.05 chocolate mints from the bowl on the host stand -- they are still selling the very same mints!This place is more nostalgic for me than anything else. I have so many memories of so many family occasions celebrated there. The lobby is still decorated with colorful pinatas hanging from the ceiling and walls. Mariachi music still fills the air. And the blender can still be heard in the distance, chopping fresh ice for the next margarita.As Amy already correctly identified, this is the best chips and salsa in town. On recent visits the salsa has been watery, but it could easily have been that spoonful from the big container of it back in the kitchen. Speaking of which, above the kitchen entrance is an old 1-10 lighted number display to alert the wait staff of orders ready to be served. I used to ask the waitress what her number was and watch for it. (Not much else to do when surrounded by adult-talk.)If our guests were lingering types, we often ended up at the 31-flavors ice cream next door. It lost its franchise many years ago, no doubt caught by the inspector selling generic from the Price Club like so many other former franchises in this old chain. Today this store is just a City signs violation, like something out of Tijuana.But back to the Pinata. It's one of the valley originals. If you haven't done it, and you think you are a Phoenician, you aren't one yet.
5	By far the best Mexican food I've had so far.  Their enchiladas rock!  THE BEST MARGARITAS IN TOWN!!!  I never taste the tequila and all I need is one margarita.  I love their chips and salsa.  Their servers are always nice and very attentive.  Definitely try this place out!
5	Loved it.I had a salad (boring I know). But it was amazing. Really fresh and delicious cheese (I have no idea what kind however), great guacamole, and a strong and wonderful 3330 margarita. The waiters were fairly attentive and the food didn't take too long. I think we were there until their closing time or 9:30 or 10. The restaurant appeared to be very friendly to all types of families. The atmosphere was super comfortable but still had a decor and an appropriate level of mex restaurant ambiance.The sign out front is the best part though! It's a great place to grab a meal and judging by the margarita probably an ok place to just have chips and drinks too!
5	My family's been going to La Pinata for years - like many of the reviewers.  The restaurant inspires loyalty. I've eaten a lot of Mexican food at a lot of places in both Phoenix and LA and I have to admit, La Pinata is good, really good.  We went the other night and I got the green corn tamale, rice, and beans and a Sprite.  The tamale was moist, fluffy, and just a tad sweet - perfect.  I think the trick with good Mexican food must be the quality of ingredients.  Their rice is moist but rich and their beans are creamy with lots of tasty cheese melted on top.  Of course, there's the requisite shredded lettuce and tomato on the side but it always seems fresh and the right amount.  I've also really enjoyed the chili relleno - again quality ingredients - the cheese is well melted in the relleno, it's a good size, and the egg coating is just the right texture.  I usually get that or the green corn tamale.  My mom usually gets either the green or red burrito.  She likes to shake it up like that!As people have mentioned, the chips and salsa are addictive.  You've got to like your salsa hot because that's what it is there.  It's a family-owned restaurant and they've been there for years and years so you know they must be doing something right. It's not fancy but it's definitely not a hole in the wall.  There's the requisite pinatas hanging from the ceiling when you walk in and Latin art work on the walls, red booths and dark carpet but the uniforms are just polo shirts and there's no mariachi bands.  I think if you're looking to get some hearty, tasty Mexican food, you should definitely brave Indian School and give them a try. I think you'll like them.
2	I had been once before today and on the journey I was charged twice for my meal. I alerted the person on the phone when I called ans they said it would be taken care of, it never wasBut this after noon we the office went to say goodbye to an agent going on to another office. We had a few plates of assorted appetizers and of course chips. The chips were so very bland as was everything else, except for the corn tamale which was freakishly sweet. I think most of my office enjoyed. But who knows no one really said.The wait persons are very attentive and nice.
4	I loved this place.. comfortable, friendly, well priced and above all tasty! Met mother here for lunch after hearing so many wonderful things about it. My friend was right, old school, comforting Mexican food.. we started with a Mary Lou which is a quesadilla filled with red or green chile.. had the green chile and it was outstanding. Crispy cheesy goodness dripping with well seasoned green chile, winner! For lunch I had the taco and enchilada plate.. the taco shell was a little bit chewy but tasted good. Cheese enchilada was the star.. you couldn't tell where the sauce ended and the cheese began because both were so creamy and smooth. I could have eaten 3-4 of these things.When in the 'hood this will certainly get added to regular rotation.
4	Came here on a whim, on a stop-over for a flight to Hawaii. The front desk guy told me about this place, saying that it was worth the cab ride out there. And boy was it! The rice was so fluffy and paired with the Back Beans it was perfect. I ordered some Enchiladas and the Pollo Asada and washed it down with 2 slamming, potent Margarita's! But I punked out at the end of the meal and ordered the Gringo tourist special-Fried Ice Cream. Such is life.....
3	A great old time mexican place!  The food is good and the atmosphere is what you expect for a traditional slightly run down restaurant.  The service is always great and the food is also wonderful.  It is also laid back and good environment for kids.  The parking is sometimes full and the neighborhood not so great, so try to find a space in the small area.
4	We've lived basically down the street from La Pinata since 2003 and had never been. Tonight, that changed everything.I found myself for the second time today in a restaurant with a penchant for cocks. Roosters, that is. It was crazy, especially when you consider I raised chickens for 4-H growing up. So, I know a thing or two about poultry.But, enough about that. Back to the restaurant. I really was diging on the interior and all the swanky and low booths and the fowl covered walls.The food lived up to expectations that we formed from other reviews. The portions are insanely huge. In a way where you want to ask your server, "Do I look like 3 people? How do you think I'll even eat half of this?!?!" But it's all good and some times I like my small stomach because I can relive tonight's experience tomorrow for lunch. Oh, happy day.I didn't drink any alcohol during dinner (don't worry. I'm feeling fine. Not sick, not coming down with anything, won't be turning down booze, just wasn't in the mood. So quit looking at me like that. I'm drinking right now, if that makes anything better.) and I would have liked to have a lot more water, but our bill was reasonable when one consideres there were 2 margaritas and four beers drunk at the table.
3	Awesome neighborhood place! After scoping out possible places to dine in this area on yelp we settled on La Pinata because of the promising reviews about their stellar enchiladas! Never one to miss up on a good enchilada, we gave it a go and were very happy!!The salsa was good, as were the chips, they kept 'em coming! I especially loved the lady with the salsa in a pitcher who wandered around the dining room giving our lil bowl refills on the regular! The tacos were awesome and so were the enchiladas!! YES! The food was fantastic, our only complaint was that the service was shit. We had this guy as our waiter, sorry didn't catch his name but he was ignoring us like CRAZY! We'd call for him, he'd give us the errect index finger asking for a minute and would never come! We didn't get refills on our sodas, until we asked for them from the salsa chick! Other tables that were seated after we arrived got their food before us and were out the door before us because he kept forgetting to bring us our check! We weren't especially rude, but after being fed up, I asked him if he was slammed that day. I knew he wasn't because there were three servers and about 12 tables filled, that's around 4 tables each and most of his other tables were just drinking and hanging out. He said no, and I asked then why are you ignoring us? No apology, nothing. He just laughed and walked away and kept on ignoring us. We tipped the salsa chick, paid and then left!The food is AWESOME! don't get me wrong... but the service is reeeeally awful. Or atleast this guy was. The other servers seemed to be doing a better job. To my yelpers, I say: if you want good neighborhood mexican, go here. That is, If you have a lot of time on your hands and are very patient with crappy service. If you have neither of these things, then don't fret - there are PLENTY of other places nearby!
3	La Pinata has a kick ass sign!!The place inside is pretty lack luster and drab.Margaritas are decent but not as good as some of these rave reviews.Big portions of food but still kind of over pricey for what it actually is.Husband has a tasty green tamale, decent cheese enchilada and so-so beef taco.  I got the black bean and rice burrito, big in size, beans very bland.We got a green chile cheese crisp to start, that was good, they have a good cheese blend.Our service was fantastic so he got tipped very well.  Good service is hard to come by.As for Mexican food, Rositas on 22nd and McDowell is still my favorite for food and margs.  Not affiliated with any other Rositas in the valley.
4	Phoenix should be known for great Mexican food, but most of the places offer the same average stuff.  This one is an exception.  Service is always great, and the food matches.The area this place is in seems a bit sketchy sometimes, but the food makes it all worth it.
4	Great local mexican restaurant that I always want to find when on business travel.  Not fancy, familyish feel to service, refried and rice style mexican place.   Chips and flavorful/spicy salsaI rate all mexican places on rellanos and carnitas.  Here the rellanos were the fluffy style and good.  It came with rice and beans which were very good.   Also ordered a la carte carnitas enchilada & it was great .  Also had their special margarita which was good.  The one down side was the tortillas - esp the flour that came with the rellanos.  Side of corn I ordered where better, but still not even average.All in all, for this style of low key mexican place, it was a solid 4.__________________________________________________ Adding the following to all of my reviews:  Way too many undeserved 5 star ratings on yelp.  Ratings should be a bell curve, with at least 50-60% of your ratings a 3.  5 should be another world special, not everyday good. ___________________________________________________
4	I love this place it is down the street from where I live and it is definitely old school Mexican food. I like it, The place has not been around for 39 years for nothing. I love the green chimi. I have now been there 3 times in two weeks. I love family owned businesses and hate going to chains. So this fills the bill perfectly
5	La Pinata - the Home of the Chimi since 1970!!  This Phoenix institution is by far my favorite Mexican dive in Phoenix.  This place hasn't changed since the day the doors opened 40 years ago!  The best machaca chimi in Phoenix!
3	3 or 4... 3 or 4.. 3 or 4.. ARG! Darn this thing for not having fractions. I knew this would be tough the minute I left this place. I find myself in food ruts very often. I know that if I want Mexican food I can go to "insert location here" and leave a happy. Lately my life runs in big giant loops. I do the same things at the same times on the same days. I've decided I need to branch somehow and food is what I landed on. Its a risky one because I don't get to indulge frequently. More often then not its a risk worth taking :)I decided there had to be other really good old school Arizona Senoran Mexican food joints. This is phoenix, the birth place of the burning hot plate, molten cheese pooling, greasy FREAKING AWESOME! I stumbled upon la pinata.. "Home of the chimichanga since 1970" now that's old school. I did what I always do when I run into something that claims to have been around since the dawn of time in phoenix. I emailed my Dad and Uncle and asked them about it. The whole family loves Mexican and if its been around and was decent they had to have been here."Been around forever.. used to go there a few times a week.. don't make it to that area much anymore.."This is a good sign. I gathered a small group and got it in my mind that I was going to try one of each of the staples:cheese crisp, guacamole, taco, enchilada, relleno, tamaleWe would go here and split this then head over to Los Compadres and do the same. Never made it to #2 as the cheese and grease (not complaining) won over my will to continue.Food:chips hot/mild salsa:The chips were great! Nice and crispy.. no hint of stale or greasy. Really the perfect chip in my mind. The salsa was also delicious. Was very fresh and heavy on the cilantro. It actually had some kick/spice to it. I was actually surprised how much heat it had and that most of the gringo's weren't complaining about it. For me nothing is to hot. Also really liked their hot sauce which was the normal pureed red chili, garlic, Mexican oregano variety but had no bitterness. Good stuff!cheese crisp:Ahhhh the cheese crisp. A magical thing made or two ingredients that somehow can be worlds different everywhere you go. This one was great! The cheese blend was excellent. It was the right combination of crispy/fold-able. Some people like them super crunchy.. I'm not one of those people. I like it right in the middle. Fold-ability is important for mass salsa, guacamole storage :) If its to crispy it just crumbles and you have salsa and grease all over your hands, plate and face. It is kind of sexy for a foodie. But you don't want a date seeing you like this. Some places really mess these up.. or even worse! fold the damn things over and still call them cheese crisps.. This is a quesadilla! not the same thing. You serve me a quesadilla when I order a cheese crisp and there's gonna be trouble.guacamole:Another place in the valley that knows what guacamole should be. Avocado, Lime, Lemon, Garlic, Green Onion, and Salt. Maybe a little cilantro and some small amount of pepper(serrano) for heat. None of this giant pieces of tomato and white onion nonsense. Some people love it when they ruin guac like this "oh it tastes so fresh!" Bad news people it makes it taste like tomatoes and onions, nothing but a filer knocking down the production cost which I assure you is not passed down to you ;)shredded beef taco:I actually like this one better then carlos o'briens. The meat is still very tasty and I believe the shell is fried with the meat inside. It had zero "soggy effect," You know what I'm taking about, one or two bites before the bottom falls out and you finish it on your plate with a fork and knife. Its still tasty when this happens, its kind of like the cheese crisp mess, its not pretty. This was darn good but I still like the ones at Manuels better.green corn tamale:I can't judge this well as I don't eat these very often. It was nice and moist and had a good texture. It seemed like it might be a little overly sweet to me.chile relleno: Decent. I liked the batter but the chile was to mild and their green sauce is lacking. Best ones I've ever had were at a place called the friendly dolphin in rocky point Mexico.cheese enchilada:I really like their cheese blend so it was hard not to like the enchilada. The corn tortilla was good. Was not a fan of the red sauce.Red/Green Sauce:I wasn't in love with the red or the green sauce. It wasn't horrible but far far farrrr from the best in the valley. Since this covers 90% of all Mexican food this is why this place isn't getting a higher rating.Cons:Very pricey! a taco, tamale, enchilada, rice and beans combo is 12.95. Cheese crisp with a side of guacamole 7.50!Service was 3 out of 5. Felt neglected at times.
4	I have been eating here for years. They really need to remodel this place, but the food is still really good! One of the best tamales and beans around! Service is definitely better for dinner. I go for lunch and they are definitely not fans of splitting the bill for the lunch crowd. Otherwise.. yummmmm!
5	This really is my favorite Mexican food around. Even though I'm mostly veggie, there's plenty of great choices. I love the green corn tamale, the black bean and rice burrito and at lunch they have a yummy black bean tostado with some kind of dressing that is like crack. And the salad with shrimp on it is excellent for the low carbers out there! Also the salsa is consistantly good. You must try their happy hour! Great Margs and Strong!!! Try the 3330 if you like um strong! If you sit in the bar, say Hi to Daniel! He's the best!
4	Saturday I decided instead of waiting for bulk pickup I'd make a journey out of disposing my old dishwasher. A trip to a metal recycling center on 19th ave put $5.10 in my pocket to go towards lunch. I short trip north put me right where I wanted to be. Mexican grocery store and strange Catholic/holistic medicine shop on one side of the street, and an eclectic overly decorated Mexican Restaurant next to a auto shop on the other side of the street. La Pinata's food was well seasoned, without being overly salty, good chunky homemade salsa, and great prices with very generous portions. The "there's a taco in my burro" with Machaca dry beef was very good, a mildly spicy smokey flavor, and enough for 2 meals. Places like this are what make living in the Phoenix area fun!
5	Some places are just so a part of your childhood that they always remain a favorite.  La Pinata is one of those, I have been going here since before I was born... no seriously, my family has been regulars for decades.Kids grow up and it had been quite sometime since I had been to La and went there for a birthday dinner recently.  Man oh man it was a blast from the past.. not much has changed.  There was a new pinata- Chicken Little.. made me smile & the Steak Piccado was off the menu.. but other than that is same ol' same ol' (including the non-pos terminals for servers.. which made me chuckle a bit).  And you know what it works.  That is what has kept people coming here forever.Portions are huge, flavor is even bigger.  Support your local restaurants!!(Btw.. for those of you who have been coming here for years, there is a new AZ history mini-book series available at Barnes & Noble and some Walgreens.. Well the one about Mexicans in Early Phoenix mentions a couple times throughout the book about Pete and his early days with the band.)
4	My sister wanted to meet for lunch one day last week, and told me to pick a place.  I was tired of all the usual spots, so after a quick search on Yelp, I came across La Pinata.It is in an old strip mall on 19th Ave., but once you walk in, it is this funky, little retro Mexican restaurant with a cool vibe.  The menu is huge, with lots of the classic Sonoran style dishes us Arizonans love!The chips and salsa were great; the chips were warm and the salsa was fresh and chunky with a touch of heat!  We tried the beans and they were really good, they didn't beat the beans at Los Compadres, but nonetheless, they were tasty.  We tried the cheese and the spinach enchiladas and both were really good, served piping hot!We decided that we would definitely return to sample some more items on the vast menu!  They even had my all time favorite, the Mary Lou on the menu, and I just have to try that at some point!
4	Just transplanted from SoCal! I have been staying over at my fathers house. He took me here for dinner one day. He used to play with his band here years ago with the owner. The food here is awesome, I have had their pork carnitas, and their steak picado. Both plates were great. I will come back here more often.
4	Green Chile Con Carne, Tio Pancho's Pollo Con Queso, Carne Asada, Tamalito de Mi Tia Carlotta, Flautas, Huevos Rancheros, Chicken Chimi, one for each day of the week!
4	I love this place. I have the chicken tacos, chicken taco salad and the machaca beef taco salad. All very good. Love the chips and salsa. Love the service. Went there the other nite told our waiter that the last time we came my son ordered the Carne Asada Burro dinner did not get beans and rice but got charged for it. My son ordered it that nite again and the waiter only charged us for the burro to make up for it. Really cool. My other son really likes the Chimi. My boyfriend loves the cheeseburger not a great Mexican fan is he but he goes with us for the burger. I will continue to go here.
5	Fantastic food.  This is a great place to eat.  Everything on the menu is consistently delicious.  Service has been stellar during every one of my visits.  Good luck finding a parking space during peak times.
4	Passing through from L.A. to Austin, I wasn't expecting much. Boy was I impressed. First, the portions are huge. I felt my belt expanding with every spoonful consumed. The price was about $14 a plate, but given the huge volume of food, it's worth it.  It's basically two meals - one for now and one for sobering up later after too much tequila. Go here. Get the Pollo Azteca. It will make you happy. Love, Chicano Lawyer.
2	It's in a neighborhood that looks to be conducive to quality Mexican food.  I mean crap, Chi Chi's Cabaret is right up the road (apparently).  But I think the food failed to hit the mark in terms of outstanding Mexican/Sonoran fare.  It was lackluster and not very tasty.Lots of decent reviews caused me to go out of my way to eat here with my family.  The prices were a little steep for the food they gave.  $12 dollar enchilada plates and $10 dinner specials.  I'd have to say the stand out entree of the night was my plate.  I ordered the MP-1 which was basically a Green Tamale dinner.  It was actually pretty good.  I like the hint of sweetness that is present in the masa.  The beans were decent as well and tasted homemade not canned.But there wasn't anything very 'Green' in any of the flavor of the entree.  Otherwise, everything was pretty standard.  Service was great.  Food came fast.  But all in all, I wasn't knocked off my feet.  I might possibly give this place another chance.  I really did like the ambience and location.  We'll see.
5	I've been going to this restaurant since I was a student at nearby West High School.It remains my favorite Mexican food in Phoenix to this day.The recipes are great, food is always consistent and the ownership has remained in the family since inception.I just wish I could talk the owners into opening in North Scottsdale...it takes me an hour to drive there, but worth the drive.
4	Big fan of this place, one of my  happy hour hangouts. The food is good, try their mechaca and shredded tacos. Their house margaritas are strong and tasty.  It looks alittle dive but still attracts a large following and is a local favorite in the area,  Great bartender-Daniel will take good care of you. Overall, a great family restaurant!
4	This rating is for the only thing I ever order...it's so good I can't be adventuresome enough to try anything else:  Chicken Azteca!
4	Excellent salsa. Had fajitas for lunch and it was yummy. Great wait staff. Good prices. Will return.
3	Do you like "Mexican" food? Do you LOVE cheese? La Pinata is for you then!I was surprised at the inauthenticity of the place given its location but cannot complain about the actual food. I had the Pollo Azteca and it was very tasty. The chicken was well seasoned and cooked and absolutely smothered in cheese. The portions are a perfect size: eat half at the restaurant and take half home for lunch tomorrow. Please do not attempt to eat it all in one sitting, Phoenix does not need any more morbidly obese people. Seriously, we have too many already.
4	So many people have said the positive things that come to my mind about this place too.  This is for sure to become one of my regular spots.
5	Another superb meal for me and two friends. Same exceptional service. Will be back.
5	I always get the same thing at Mexican restaurants, a green chili burro enchilada style - boring, I know but tonight it was different. The meat was tender and choice cuts, the sauce smooth and spiced exactly like I like it. Beans and rice on the plate were also excellent. I am always looking for the "old school" Mexican food that I knew as a kid. Well this is the place! Me dinner companion had fajitas, a combo of steak and chicken, which were the best that I had tried anywhere  in the Valley. I was surprised because the old style restaurants usually don't do fajitas well, because they are not traditional.We both had margaritas, very good, and also traditional. Meal topped off with ice cream with cinnamon, pastry, whipped cream - what could be bad about that?Our service was outstanding by all employees, fast water, chips and salsa, drinks, and dinner. Friendly, professional staff added to an experience that I hope to repeat again and again.
5	Best chimichanga and cheese crisps on the planet! Has been my favorite 'go-to' Mexican since 1972!  Same family owners!  Consistant and good!  Great Margaritas, too!
4	Really great food.  Went with the chimi - enchilada style.  Had to pass on the margaritas at lunch though, next time.
4	We stopped by on Saturday after going to the Burton Barr library.  My mom actually used to visit this place regularly when she was pregnant with me, she reports it's just as good now!  I was pleasently surprised to see the garden fajitas on the menu, they're so delicious.  They're made up of potatos, carrots, bell peppers, mushrooms, and onions also served with the usual, beans (not sure they're vegetarian, didn't eat them and didn't ask), rice, guacamole, and sour cream.  They were very yummy, they also have spinach enchiladas and a black bean and rice burro for the veggies.My mom had the seafood enchiladas, she raved about them, and my husband enjoyed the chicken fajitas which even at a lunch portion were huge.  Service was pretty good, atmosphere is nice, for being around 41 years they've kept it up well.  We'll be back when we're in the area.
5	All hail the Arizona cheese crisp and this instituation that has been around since 1970 still makes a great one.This most recent trip to Phoenix for the Jewish New Year left me longing to visit my Grandfather's grave along with my Great Aunt Florence and my Great Uncle Marshall. In order to go to the cemetery, we have to go through what is now a "sketchy part of town" but a part that I used to be more familiar with when I was younger. Since we were going on our way to the airport, I suggested to my Mom that we go to LP for lunch so I could get my cheese crisp fix and see if my childhood memories of this place lived up. The Synagogue I grew up going to was close to LP. La Pinata was the first "real" Mexican food restaurant I ate at and the only one my Grandparent's would go to since they never really cared for Mexican food but did like cheese crisps and chimichangas. My Great Uncle had his 50th birthday party here in 1976 and I was there. Yes, there is history. Most importantly, when we arrived around 2pm on Saturday afternoon, there were mostly empty tables and the decor was the same as I remembered it. Our waiter was super nice, we ordered the cheese crisp and it came out crispy, and piping hot. For those of you who don't know what a cheese crisp is, imagine a giant tortilla topped with cheese then baked or put under a broiler for a few minutes and sliced in triangles like a pizza. It is awesome and something I make at home but it is not quite the same. My mom ordered a spinach enchilada a la carte, I had a side of refried (lardy kind) beans and rice and the daughter had the lunch portion of steak fajitas (huge portion). Lunch menu is available M-Sat which is a very nice thing to know. Is this the best Mexican food ever? No. Did the taste and my memory hold up? Yes. Will I be back-DEFINITELY! Thank you La Pinata for being at least one thing that hasn't changed in Phoenix...
5	While the neighborhood has changed significantly over the last thirty years, (not for the better)  La Pinata hasn't changed a bit. The food is still wonderful and the margaritas are too. Their salsa is my favorite in the Valley though I like Carlo's O'Brien's chips better. I don't care how authentic Mexican food is, I want the food of my childhood when I return to Phoenix and La Pinata is it. The spinach queso dip is really good and I always get a machaca chimichanga because theirs are outstanding. Wish I got to Phoenix more often....
5	I was three years old the first time I visited this restaurant and have been coming here ever since (thats over 30 years now!)it has always looked pretty much the same,sorta bland ,kinda wore out and some might think in need of some updating,but its always clean and a comfortable environment bathrooms are always clean also. the people who work at La Pinata are always nice and tend to continue to work there for years. the food is very tasty, its not quite like any other Mexican food place Ive been to,Ive had a couple Mexican coworkers of mine say its not "authentic"Mexican food.Honestly I couldn't tell you one way or the other if its "authentic" Mexican food or modified to please the pallets of Americans, perhaps it is authentic but from a different region of Mexico then my friends came from therefor unfamiliar to them i don't know, but i CAN tell you there food is all very good and there chips and salsa can't be beat. they have a bar area separate from the main dining areas that is always pretty lively,really the whole restaurant feels lively,its not a real quiet place,people tend to come here in pretty big groups so the place is full of talking and laughter,my girl and I like to come here a few times a month even though its close to a 30 minute drive from where we live. prices are good, service is good all in all a great place to go eat!
5	I am pretty sure that I have reviewed this place already, but I sort of feel like every time we go here I fall in love all over again!I just ate the left overs from last night, because I couldn't manage to finish my plate after having one of the "Casa Margaritas" and enough chips to put me in a certain food coma... The left overs were just as good this morning as they were last night! DUH. This place has the best everything in town. No joke. Do yourself a favor, if you like spinach, get the Spinach Enchiladas dinner. And don't leave without trying the house margarita. On the rocks. With salt. Just do it.
1	I has a bad experience here. I ordered a green tamale and a red tamale and beans and rice for take-out. When I arrived to pick up the order the bill was $19.70. The tamales were 4.95 each so that makes the beans and rice about 8+ dollars I guess.  After a frustrating conversation with the hostess about the price, I asked for the manager. Well it must have been his daughter because he was as dumb as she was. Out of frustration I paid that ridiculous price and left vowing never to return. I can see the order being written up incorrectly perhaps causing the bill to be high but that is why restaurant have managers, to fix problems and hopefully make sure others do not happen in the first place. Not at La Pinata!
4	Ah, the quintessential gringo Mexican restaurant! (And that's a good thing!)Nothing here moves beyond stereotype, and what we'd expect to find in a good quality, long standing Mexican restaurant in this town. The food, the decor, the menus - all of it is like the Central Casting version of a Mexican Restaurant.Ice cold Negra Modelo and a HUGE platter of nachos.PERFECT afternoon snack!You bet tus naglas I will be back!
4	delicious food!. Seriously holy. Fast service!
4	Came in with coworkers. This place is excellent. I had the carne asada burrito and it had tender steak that melted in my mouth. The guacamole inside was heavy on the citrus which made it pop. If you are downtown and want a good Mexican place to drop in i would really recommend La Pinata!
5	La Pinata is located along Phoenix's North 19th Avenue. This delightful restaurant shares a parking lot with a number of other businesses. The parking lot is small and can fill up quickly. At busy times you might have to park on one of the side streets to access La Pinata Mexican Food Restaurant.Hate to judge whether Mexican restaurants are "authentic" or for "Gringos only." Don't care. Would much rather judge a restaurant on its own merits. Judging La Pinata on its own merits, this is one fantastic Mexican restaurant!The interior is a little old and worn but La Pinata is still cozy and intimate. The menu is large and the prices are fantastic. You can easily have a large combination Mexican feast at La Pinata for around 10 bucks. The salsa, chips, Spanish rice, and beans are all first class. Service is all smiles and very knowledgeable about the menu.Our server was from Mexico City. She explained that La Pinata's tacos are the way the make tacos in Mexico City. If they serve tacos like that in Mexico City then I think I'll plan my next vacation for Mexico City. La Pinata has homemade clam shell shaped tortillas. Inside the clam shell tortillas are large pieces of marinated pork or beef. Indescribably delicious and enough to send me into fits of ecstasy.If ever you want a delicious inexpensive Mexican meal served up with some warm hospitality then La Pinata Mexican Food Restaurant is the place to go!
5	Love this place!!!  My husband and I always sit in the bar area...great, friendly service! They have, by far, the best margaritas I have ever tasted...and I think the food is one of the better Mexican's in this area.  The fajitas are delicious and way more than enough for 2. I would also like to add, that I love the decor! And its always busy...it has a following of locals, and that is a great sign!
5	Best Salsa, BEST fajitas hands down and good customer service! Been eating here since I was a little kid. Definitely, my all time favorite Mexican food restaurant! Need I say more?
4	On my way to see pops, had some extra time and had lunch here. I ordered their steak fajitas! Since wife hates this dish!(the smell), and she wasn't with me!!! That's what I ordered! The carne asada steak was awesome, really loved this plate. Comes with beans and rice, both were good. Chips were ok, didn't really liked the salsa. But that's not why I came here for! Great restaurant, will come back again.
5	This has become a place I visit weekly for lunch. They have updated their POS system, so splitting checks is no problem. They do have the most amazing tortilla chips, my mouth is watering thinking about it. Best mexican food in this area! om nom nom nom.
2	I just moved into this area in December 2012 and met "Nita Margarita" out shopping.  She encouraged me to at least try La Pinata because I was looking for that ultimate in Mexican food.  As I drove into the parking lot I was a little skeptical but, once inside, it was quaint, albeit a little too dark.  Using my flashlight app (yes it was that dark), I spotted the guacamole which is my absolute fav.  Our waitress came and took our drink orders and left.  After some time she returned with our drinks and started to take our order.  I asked for a side of guacamole to go with the chips as I cannot eat salsa.  We both ordered and waited...and waited......and waited.  No guacamole, nothing.  The place was not crowded or I would have taken that into consideration.  After about 20 minutes our food arrived so I again requested the guacamole.  About half way through my tostada, the guacamole came but by then we were out of chips.  The tostada was absolutely delicious and, once I did get my guacamole and chips, I enjoyed those as well.  Even though the food was really good, I have been to other good authentic Mexican restaurants that had much better service.  I am generally very postive but this hour long meal just did not set well.
5	Our family of 5 had an awesome dinner. 5 different meals and every dish was yummy. We were so stuffed when we left.  Our waitress was a sweet older woman that took good care of us.
2	I live in the neighborhood and have been eating here for years. (Both take out and dine in). I don't know if they have new cooks or what, but the quality of the food has slowly gone down hill in the last (6) months to the point I don't think we'll eat there again. The refried beans WERE FROM A CAN. I know homemade versus canned and these are canned. The Cheese Crisp was really lacking and very oily. The shredded beef taco had a lot of fat on the beef. This place used to serve really good Mexican food. Not so anymore. We're going back to Sylvia's La Canasta or Macayo's. Much better food, and not from a can.
5	I have been going to La Pinata for the past 30+ years.  This is Mexican comfort food at its best.  The high quality of the food has remained the same over the years.  My "usual" is the Green Chili Burro, enchilada style. The green chili has consistently tender beef chunks in a rich beef and green chili gravy.  The crowning touch is the outstanding enchilada sauce.  With soft drinks, the meals for 2 cost a little over $20.  Over the past few years we have ventured off our normal orders and have tried the chili relleno, tamales, cheese enchiladas, and the salad carbon.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  The staff is always friendly.  Our usual waiter, Matt, always takes very good care of us.  During the bad economy, I worried about this little family run business.  I am so happy to say that they are still going strong.  I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	I have been going to La Pianta for the last couple of years for lunch. I recently stopped by for dinner and it was awesome. You are always seated quickly with servers bringing chips/salsa and taking your drink order. The margaritas are great and the serving size of the steak fajitas was overstuffing me, lol..
4	We have not been here for years (5+) the food is not as good as I remember it being. The service was OUTSTANDING!!!! Our waiter Matt was so good he had a great attitude joking with us and very pleasant. He was on the ball. Next time you dine here you have to ask for Matt.
5	We really like La Pinata. It's in a lousy neighborhood near my office. We found this place a couple of months ago and have probably been back 6 times. We've never had anything that wasn't great or a day with poor service. My favorite is the spinach enchilada but we've tasted about everything on the lunch specials menu and loved it all.
5	Awesome margaritas. Awesome chips and salsa. Great cantina atmosphere. Highly recommend.
5	Went here for the first time for lunch today. Good prices, fast service. The green chile burro was amazeballs! I'll definitely be coming back!
5	The food here was great back in January '12 when I came for the first time, but I raised hell & knocked them down a Star because the menu prices once here were higher than posted on their website!  By now it was time to give them another try, & this time the online menu prices matched.     :-)Ok, so this is a good-sized place, with three very nice dining rooms plus a full bar room with a few tables.  That's a good thing, because they open at 11 AM & by 11:30 they were roaring busy!  There are Lunch Specials available, but I went with a #3 Combo from the regular dinner menu.  This brought out delicious chips & salsa first, followed by a big platter containing a carne deshebrada taco with lots of meat, a traditional tostada & a Pablano Chile Relleno.The service here was great, and they even brought me out another basket of chips & cup of salsa when they started to get low.  Then the main food portions were large, with everything made just right & absolutely great tasting.  Along with that, the dining room was super comfortable & the sweet owner lady even stopped by my table to say hello & make sure everything was perfect.  It was!This feast was 5 Stars in every way, $11.50, & worth it.     :-))
4	The food we ordered was really good. It's not super authentic or anything but definitely a lot better than other Mexican-American places in Phoenix. Our server, Matt, was super polite and attentive. Side note: Our early dinner entertainment was provided by the table behind us. The woman was explaining, (practically yelling) to the man that she was with, that she steals from the adult bookstore that she works for (and that they should expect her to) because she isn't paid well enough. Oh, okay. Then she offered to steal some porn for him and asked his preference. After first choosing heavier white ladies, he changed his mind to "blue, green, whatever..." After they left, people on the other side of us started talking about cysts and boils! Then someone did the whole horn nose blow routine. It blows my mind that people still (in 2013!) don't realize that nose-blowing is meant for the restroom while in a restaurant. How many comedians have to talk about it publicly before it reaches everyone? Anyhow, I'm not holding any of this stuff against the restaurant, I just felt compelled to share.
3	This place is great.  We use to live in the neighborhood near this place and the food is great.  My friend Alexander C., described the restaurant and its interior perfectly.  Dimly lit and cozy.  The food is like a good home cooked meal.  There are numerous choices on the menu at a decent price. The service is good and the owner wants you to know he expects it to be good. It may be an old restaurant but it is well maintained and clean.  It's a neighborhood eatery locals like, however, it is waiting for newcomers to discover it.
3	So I went here due to a co-worker stating that they were really good. Personally, I thought they were just ok. I've had worse. I ordered the combo #1 a cheese enchilada and machaca taco with rice and beans. The enchilada tasted off, like there was an odd cheese mix or something - i think it was velvetta. It had that same government  cheese type of taste. I didn't like it. The taco was ok and the rice and beans were eh.My friend had the chicken chimi, he said it was ok but he did find a bone in the chimi. I just  think there are much better places to spend your money in Phoenix.  I was really disappointed that I didn't like this place as it's only a little over a mile from my house.
5	Great, authentic Mexican food.. I have never been disappointed with the food or the service!! My wife is a native of Phoenix and they have been going there since the 70's, and still look forward to their wonderful food.. Great combos, incredible refried beans, etc...
5	I am very picky about my Mexican food. I grew up in a Spanish home and had the best cooking. This place is as close as it gets to home. Honestly you can not go wrong with anything you order from the fresh chips and salsa to the black bean burros.  My favorite the chili rellenos is great. If you want authentic food and really good service, this would be the place. The decor is a throw back to the 70's, but it is clean and comfortable. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. Their flan is delicious and two people can share one order of their fried ice cream.
5	I have been eating in this restaurant, since it opened. My grandmother, who is now 95, lives just up the street. Every time I'm in Phoenix, I eat at La Pinata. My husband always has a mixed bean and green chili burro enchilada style. I eat black beans, rice, guacamole, salsa, and fresh corn tortillas--they are wonderful at catering to my food allergies. Grandma eats spinach enchiladas. Mom is the only eclectic in the bunch and loves everything she tries. We love the extra spicy salsa, available upon request, as well as the house variety. The chips are the crispy extra thin variety that are sooo hard to resist. The service is impeccable and prices more than reasonable. The owners are friendly and of course recognize our family.
5	Today my mom and I had the pleasure of eating here. The food was delicious, the customer service was excellent,  and the prices were reasonable.I got the red sauce tamale and a beef taco and was pleasantly satisfied by the large portion it came in. Every worker acknowledged me, and smiled. The manager made sure to ask us how everything was, and even asked if we would change anything about our experience. Also, their lunch specials were well priced, and the quality of the food is unbelievably good.
3	Good Mexican food, but it is like sitting in a basement (no windows, no ambiance).  Food is solid though.  I would go back if I was in the area, but would not make a special trip.
5	Our neighborhood go to that's within walking distance of home!!! They have Delicious food & margaritas - Absolutely Authentic and We Love It!!!
5	All of the positive reviews for this place is legit. I came here right before flying out of Phoenix; definitely in the top 3 Mexican restaurants that I have ever been to. Food was extremely flavorful and the portion was big from what I remember.
2	Food wasn't that good. Server was kind. Leonard, one of the owners was not friendly at all. We ordered before 6pm for the happy hour special and they charged us full price and said we ordered after 6 and wouldn't give us the happy hour prices. The ticket showed 6:38pm, well after our order. I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	Back in the 70's Phoenix had a dirth of strip mall Mexican places.  Last Pinata was the busiest of them all with 2 he waits not uncommon.  They are still a great place to go for family run Mexican food.  The machaca is outstanding but I do not believe their story of inventing the chimichanga.  Agave margaritas are good too.
5	Delicious authentic tacos and enchiladas. I really liked the rice, beans, salsa and guac too. I ate until I was sick and still had leftovers. this place is worth the trip.
4	Good food, good price, good service.
2	We had dinner.we had to wait to be seated when the restaurant only had about 5 tables. I had to ask for their hot sauce twice .they gave us two basket of chips for a party or 5 and never asked whether we wanted more .I ordered the green chili and the pork was WY overcooked , the sauce was flavorful their taco meat way way too dry and it took about  10 minutes for the server to pick up the check  the bill had tips calculated for 18 and 20 percent. I would not plan on going back
3	The food is decent considering the degree of competition in Phoenix.  The service, however, is fantastic.  Great people, great place.
5	This place has been around for years and has the best Mexican in town. My family and I have been probably been coming here for 30 years!!!!  The MP-1 Green corn tamale rice and beans is very good along with their fajitas. Bomb chips and salsa as well!!!
5	Everything is always great here- food and service! I love their chips and salsa. This is where I take out of town visitors for Mexican food and it's always a hit.
3	Would go again, food is good but not great.
5	I love this place, we used to got to Mi Patio, but were disappointed in the price increase and poor service. La Pinata is amazing, amazing food, great staff, especially Carlos :) and good prices!! They have great specials on Tuesday cant wait to go back
5	I have been coming here since I was in high school in the 70's. The food is still the same good quality and good tasting, the cheese crisp is the bomb!!!!
3	Pretty decent, nearly pushed for 4 stars. Food was good. Came out quickly. Waitress was attentive.
1	Very rude service, worst manager ever argueing with the customer, cold nasty sweet shredded beef, disgusting ceilings and air ducts, health code violations all over the place!!! 0000 zero stars not recommended. Horrible.
5	Great, authentic Mexican food. My family has been coming here since the 70's. Everything we've tried has been great!
1	I really wanted to like this place, based upon a friend's recommendation and good Yelp reviews.  The chips and salsa were tasty and fresh, but that's where the goodness ended.  As an appetizer, we ordered the spinach queso dip.  The dip was runny and had the consistency of milk....not creamy at all.   For dinner, we each ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were pretty terrible.  The shrimp was cooked and served in a very sweet Asian style orange sauce (complete with real orange slices), looking and tasting more like an order of sweet and sour shrimp.  The shrimp itself was extremely rubbery and overcooked.  The beans and rice were okay, a little bland, but I shoved them in my tortilla to mask the taste and texture of the shrimp.  Drinks seemed watered down.  I felt sick the remainder of the night.  Will not be back.
2	Outdated decor and kind of musty smelling, but who cares.  I came for the food. Ordered the taco and enchilada lunch special. Surprisingly pricy for a basic lunch special. $9. The cheese enchilada was PERFECT! Gooey cheese and yummy sauce. However, the shredded beef taco was very disappointing. The meat itself was ok. A tad dry but I've had worse. The fried taco shell was extremely tough and chewy. Typically the shells are crispy. Not sure if I got one that was sitting for a while or perhaps they use extra thick corn tortillas? I only got halfway through the taco before I gave up. 2 stars for the price and the taco. 5 stars for the enchilada. I wont be coming back.
5	All I can say is YUMMY!!  Best Mexican food in town!
5	This place is the only place for Mexican food within 2432 miles. Tamales, red chili and the Margs are the best.
4	Really good food.  Enjoyed the fast and friendly service.  Definitely will be back again.  Happy hour every Tuesday, all day!  $3 for the best margarita I had in a long time.
5	Love this place! Everything I've had has been great. Their Mexican pizza w machaca beef is my favorite thing on whole menu! Great food, service, and prices. This place has a vintage phoenix Mexican restaurant vibe....very chill and inviting. Been going there since I was little and La Pinata will always be my go-to for easy, straight forward, sonoran Mexican food.
