3	A good fast food burger - simple and lots of meat. I always stop by to get one when I am in Arizona!
4	Excellent chocolate shakes, burgers, breakfast honey chicken biscuit, and chicken tenders with the honey BBQ sauce for lunch!!
4	Major points scored by what-a-burger for treating evey customer that walks in the door like a welcomed guest!The staff are friendly and attentive!  I am a fan of the Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger because it's just the right size for me.
2	This place is seen OUTSIDE of California. On my way to Texas one year I saw tons of these places but failed to get to eat at any of them. Here was my chance during my trip to Arizona. It's a cool looking place with the white and orange colors that light the place up. I ordered the simple items such as the burger and fries. I was hoping they had the spicy ketchup but that's no longer the issue. The burger here is okay. It's no In-N-Out. A decent burger that gives you what you need. It feeds the hungry. The fries were nice, crispy , and rightly salted. They have their own ketchup here, but nothing beats Heinz ketchup. If you're a fast food lover and have never tried it then come on through. Just don't expect anything mind-blowing.
4	Hahaha.  I've got to take offense to another review.  I was GLAD to see all the lemmings were over at In N Out, as usual.  I'm sorry, but in Texas, we don't need a super secret menu to sell our burgers.  I am glad Whataburger has found it's way to Arizona.  The ONLY thing In N Out has on Whataburger is their fries.  But the burger is bigger and better at Whataburger.  And after my recent visit to this location as well as a visit to In N Out just across I10, my prior experience with both chains holds true.  So take your double double monster animal pony, if you want to feel special.  I'll take a bacon and cheese whataburger any day.  And I won't sound like a tool ordering it.
5	I was craving a Green chili cheeseburger and remembered this joint. Delicious, especially if you are looking for a old fashion hamburger joint. The green chili was HOT, I loved it. Fries were fresh and came with a big ass drink. I did drive thur, service was fast friendly.
5	It's hard to find a good old fashion hamburger joint today that still has customer service, but this Whataburger is tops on that list. Every time I have either used the drive thru or gone inside to eat, the staff there has always treated me very well. There is one girl that usually works the drive thru that is the nicest person you would ever have serve you and you can tell she truly wants to make sure you have received your order correctly and even if you change your mind at the last minute, she makes sure you feel okay about it.  Oh did I mention the food there is Great too!  Love their Wataburger with lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo only, with an order of onion rings! Mmm Delicious!!!
4	Whataburger in Arizona!? Pulling over!! The food is just great and and easy to customize!I always get the bacon cheese burger with the grilled onions best in the world!!I suggest get the fries with no salt much better :-)Went through the drive through very friendly service :-)The only lil thing was the service was a tad slow but great food worth the wait!!Sodas are great tastingFor the kids grilled cheese they love it!So if ur from Texas and can't live with out whataburger hit Arizona in the way to California!!
3	Great burgers! And they have some other interesting combinations as well. I usually get the Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwich. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's not in the best part of town and there can be some shady characters that show up.
5	Tastes like home made! I love this place, ever since I moved to Arizona about a year ago, I have gone multiple times. My favorite is the Jalapeno burger. That's if you can take spicy :) The meat is great quality and the fries are awesome!!! My mouth waters when I think of this burgers! The customer service is nice too :)
5	As far as fast food goes this place does it right! Never have issues with drive thru orders and the few times I've been inside the employees have always been very friendly. Today in the drive thru we had Tayler (at least that's what the receipt says) she was very nice and took the time to be friendly and ask if we needed any condiments even though you could tell she was very busy taking orders and cashing out customers. Way to go, Whataburger!
4	A Fast Food FavoriteWhataburger has been in the business of serving food for a very long time. You cant make it in the fast food industry for as long as Whatburger has by serving bad food.  The service at Whataburger is always fast, friendly, and accurate. My nephew and I ordered our food and went to a table, before I knew it our food was brought to the table. The food was fresh, hot, and oh so good.  The burger patties at Whatburger  aren't thick  but the lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, mustard and bun really do make for a tasty burger. I also enjoy Whatburger's breakfast items.  The Breakfast on a Bun with sausage and grilled onions is pretty good, as are the pancakes. Whatburger has  everything you want for breakfast at a reasonable cost !
4	The food here is usually prepared very well. If you have time, eating in the dining room is usually worthwhile. Although the chairs are not the most comfortable. If you decide to do drive-through, don't make any plans, drive-through at this whataburger like most is insanely slow.
1	I have been sitting in line for six minutes behind at the car at the window in the drive-through. If this is supposed to be fast food this is got to be the biggest joke in the world. If you're in any kind of hurry to go anywhere or even if you want to just get home on time don't stop at this water burger they are super slow.
