1	These guys are a bunch of clowns. Brought our 5th wheel here and wanted to get the awning fixed. 2 weeks later we still hadn't received a call to tell us how much it was going to be to fix it. I finally called them and they told me they were just getting to it. Long story short I went down and took my 5th wheel someplace else, because when you are standing there in front of them and they take over 1.5 hours of your time to do a write up they really don't give a crap about you.
1	Horrible!  Terrible experience and all we needed was a ladder.  If you do not need to go here don't go!  The customer service is nonexistent.  Bad, bad, bad!This place is awful.  We have been rving for 5.5 years and have gone to Camping Worlds across the US and, although I wouldn't give any of them a great rating for service, this one was terrible.  We were second in line behind a problem issue with one customer and watched as 3 employees just walked on by... then the ladder we came to purchase was partially wrapped but we were assured it was new and fine.  We got it to the rv and it was broken.  We had to take it back and they didn't have another one so we had to go to the other Camping World 20 miles away.  We traveled over 60 miles to replace a ladder :( and the employees are just rude.
1	Drove into this somewhat overwhelming place that does everything for your camper.  I have been to another one before and had such a great experience decided to cover all the things needed here.  Went in to ask about getting the things done that we needed done and was told go there and there and there.  Sounds fair.  The first there was in a different place than pointed too.  Then I was told the gas was outside and we will "get there when we can".  I get busy, I have seen busy in many places.  But rude is not necessary.  We asked how to go to the service section.  Do we need to register somewhere?  Do we pull up and someone will come out?  Do we sign in the building over there?  "just drive over there.  Not my department".  So we left.  Good thing nothing needs to be done today.  It can wait until we get back to the Camping world in Santa Clarita CA where we get treated well.
1	If I could I would give a ZERO. Here is the email I sent to Corp Offices.Hello Marcus,I was told to email you about my experience during my purchase of a nearly $30,000.00 travel trailer through Camping World. I attended the RV show at The Orleans Casino in Las Vegas about a month ago and both my family and my mother and father bought the same trailer that day. So the sales person who sold it to us received his commission on the sale of two, not one in a matter of maybe 30 minutes max. When purchasing the trailer, we were never shown any of the cool features of the trailer or explained what kind of hitch or any other added merchandise we would need to prepare for our first camping experience in our trailer. My mother and father put down a rather large down payment where my husband and I could only afford $300.00. We both signed the paperwork that said they were deducting the $300.00 and my mother and father deposit that day. I specifically remember checking my account and noticing a $300.00 deduction pending. I assumed it was the $300.00 from Camping World especially after I was told by my mother that her down payment came out the same day.Fast forward to the actual signing of the paperwork for the trailer several weeks later when my trailer came in. The very first thing that Steve Takahashi wanted me to sign was the authorization to take out the $300.00 deposit. Now, I work as an accountant for a very prestigious company called Exotics Racing. I deal with a high volume of accounts and hundreds of thousands of dollars daily. My job is to make sure numbers are right and that my company does not over pay or under pay any vendor. With this being said, I told Steve that I had already signed weeks ago for the down payment and was certain I saw a charge go through of $300.00 so to do my due diligence, I wanted to check my account to ensure I was not being double charged. At this same time, I asked my husband to call my parents and ask if their down payment was taken out the day we saw the trailer or the day they signed the papers and they concurred their down payment was taken out weeks ago which only added to my concern that I was being double charged. After looking over my account, I was assured that there was no charge taken out and I explained to Steve that maybe it was a hold that dropped off. He explained to me that no, this never happened. By this time I had already signed the paper agreeing to take the $300.00 out when Paul Gottlieb enters. He had a piece of paper in his hand and was listening to my conversation shaking his head in a no fashion. He than threw the paper in front of me and in a very sarcastic voice told me that there is no way anything was done to my account prior to this day and he had the paperwork to prove it. (Little did he know that I had already came up with that conclusion, I was merely trying to figure out what I had saw in activity with my account and with the confusion of my mother being billed and me not being billed even though we were there the same day was why I was still talking about it to Steve) I looked at Paul and explained to him that perhaps there was a pending charge that dropped off and that I deal with numbers all day as I am an accountant and I just wanted to make sure I was charged correctly. He than looked at me and said " Than you must not be very good at your job". This is when the situation became explosive. I had never been so rudely insulted by anyone in my life. I asked Steve if I could talk to his boss and Paul says " I am his boss" so I proceeded to say, than I would like to talk to your boss and I am done talking with you and you can leave." He came back with a smirk on his face and said that his boss was not available.At this point I wanted to walk away. I looked to Steve Takahashi for some help. He was reluctant in saying or doing anything to smooth this out. He knew that Paul crossed the line with that comment but I could also see he was annoyed with the situation and maybe at some point he felt that it was deserved even though my problem was not with him. Steve told me he was getting another supervisor to come in and speak with us. We waited about ten minutes and than Steve Nohrden came in. At least we got someone in to help us who was totally understanding and was embarrassed that this employee insulted me the way he did. I told him the story as I just told you and he explained to me that it would not drop here and encouraged me to email you about this experience. He also informed me that this was not the first time that Paul did this to other customers and that he was surprised my husband did not deck Paul in the face for being so rude to me. Later, after signing paperwork, Steve Takahashi gave us two complimentary nights to some local camp ground to where I live. It was a nice gesture I suppose but clearly not enough. I would like a follow up with Paul and lastly because of all the lack of information given to us at the trade show when pu
5	Five stars for selection and location- NOT for service. Camping World carries about the best selection of high end Class A motor coaches I've seen in the southwest. Go for the selection, then purchase it elsewhere.
1	Please read!!! Do NOT trust this place with absolutely anything! I had them do a 45 point inspection on a sportsmobile that I was interested in buying. After paying $300 for an inspection, I found out that they did not actually inspect 95% of the things they were supposed to! They checked things off as ok that were blatantly not working! The furnace control didn't even have batteries in it yet they said it was working properly. The fridge was broken and also checked off as ok. When I called them out on this, they would not admit fault and just lied more and more. This is the absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced and I will do everything in my power to make them pay for what they did to me. I am considering suing them for stealing my money, even if it costs me a lot of money in the process. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT use this camping world for absolutely any service, you will be scammed. For the record, I reported this to a manager and nothing was done about it.
2	Went there for the first time to buy some parts I needed for my Motorhome and was very disappointed by the selection they had. I am used to their store in Orange County CA, which is well stocked. Not worth the drive from The airport area. Ended up ordering the stuff I needed online from Amazon. Better prices.
