5	I'm very happy to provide the first review of Kamela. Surprised it doesn't have one already since it's in a couple guide books. Kamela is a bit out of the way, several blocks off Rue St. Denis, but it's easy to find because of the desert scene painted on the building.Kamela calls itself a Mediterranean restaurant, but that mostly means that they combine classic Middle Eastern dishes with pizza. My personal favorite is the Pizza Kamela, which is the best goat cheese pizza I've had in my life. We also had a soup with "frick", which is apparently cracked wheat, and it was excellent.Bring cash, they don't accept cards!
4	Kamela a small and excellent local Algerian restaurant. The atmosphere is cozy, the food is very fresh, plentiful and tasty. Their Chorba Frik soup is worth the detour.It's quite small so you might want to call ahead if you're planning to go on a busy evening. They don't take credit cards, but will take debit cards (Interac).
4	On a visit to Montreal from NYC, discovered Kamela completely by accident. I biked past it, stopped as it looked very interesting and cool and vowed to come back that night. We did and I considered it one of those lucky "finds" you sometimes get lucky enough to just discover by accident when traveling. Its a very small place in the "Plateau" near Park Fontaine, a tiny bit out of the way but well worth a visit. We had cous-cous which was classic and perfect. Well prepared, very flavorful, portions were huge. Prices were very reasonable. Our server I believe was the owner and after our meal he even offered us mint tea on the house, a nice gesture of hospitality. He did the traditional impressive pour of the tea from about 4 feet high. Friendly warm atmosphere, and a cozy place with very good cuisine. I really enjoyed Kamela's and would go back to anytime, so go check it out if you have the chance.
5	A little cozy restaurant in a quiet neighbourhood. The food is exceeds my expectation. We had cream-legume soup to start, artichoke and heart-of-palm salad, a block (deep fried pastry stuffed with tofu spinach and cheese) as the appetizer, and cous-cous royal and vegetarian for the main course. Bread was fresh baked and served warm. The stewed lamb was so tender and the grilled chicken was delicious. Absolutely a delight dinner on a cold winter night.
