3	Fast enough just doesnt feel like the same selection than the one in Goodyear maybe I'm crazy ...
1	They literally got every single part of my order wrong except for the drink.  I drove through about 15 minutes before close.  Not unreasonably last minute.  But everything looked shut down.  I ordered a burger with no bun because I have a wheat intolerance.  Right away the person taking my order seemed baffled.  "No fries?"  "No, no bun."  Ok.  I tried to order a broccoli cheese potato because I know some Wendy's have this or use to have it, but they said they only had sour cream and chive or chili cheese.  No problem, I'll take chili cheese.  Then  a Jr. chocolate frosty.   The first thing he handed me was the frosty.  It was vanilla.  I had to wait until the order was finished about 5 minutes later before I was able to speak to him again and request a chocolate instead.  Then I glanced in my bag of food and the burger  clearly had a bun.  Okay I can't just remove the bun, because just the contact with the burger is enough for a reaction.  But honestly I was too afraid to ask them to remake it because by this time they were about 5 minutes till close and I was afraid they'd spit in it or something.  I'll just give it to my husband and the potato will be my dinner.  Then I got back to my hotel, got out the potato (with no fork or utensil) and it was a CHIVE potato.  No chili or cheese.  Just a dry potato with chives.  There wasn't even any sour cream on it or in the bag.  Great.
1	Don't eat here. 16 min stuck in drive through and once there is a car or two behind you your stuck for the whole crazy trip. 16 min two combos, I left with three large fries and a horrible tasting Chibatta burger, could not eat it. Also ordered a hamburger with no cheese and only ketchup.  I asked them to check to see if it had cheese on it and it did. So they replaced it with a large fries. Stay away. No big deal just pass this place.
1	Dry burger with very little toppings. 1 slice of tomato, 1 leaf of lettuce, 1 ring of onion, and a dab of mayo and ketchup. I'll find a different Wendy's next time.
3	Just recently stopped off on my way home from work, called mama if she wanted anything for lunch? So she thought be a good idea to get Wendy's.I ordered Three cheeseburgers, order of chicken nuggets, and two large fries. I had the nuggets, it was ok. Not great? I would rather have them at chick fl'a instead. Girls had no problem mowing down the burgers, including the wife. Fries were actually good, forgot to tell them no salt. But it wasn't that much salt anyways. I like how the location use to be a bank, neat how the reconfigured it to make it work. Even though we have tried to stay away from fast foods, Wendy's was a nice change.
2	Remind me to never come back here. The employees are crazy and the customers even crazier. Two stars cause I like the food.Employee wanted to argue with me about cell phones. Customer wanted to argue with me about the health of beanie wells.
