4	A very nice looking Italian store with great looking displayed items and a full kitchen with large tables.  We were there early and not yet ready for lunch but we would not hesitate to try their menu of the day the next time in town.  Very friendly staff.
4	i was there during little italy's pizza week for their workshop. well, it was more of a tasteshop than anything else and it was free. i already went months before for their apricot jelly donuts, which is full of jelly, but never for a sit down affair with their kitchen in the evening.the staff is lovely and the owner is not a bad fella either. we got to sample 7 different pizzas (including the surprise homemade nutella pizza) and the best of the bunch was the truffle pizza with the overcooked sunny side up.. i like my yolk runny which the owner doesn't. we agree to disagree. other than that, we had a great time. the only thing missing was wine. the owner did say that they were looking to offer alcohol (wine and beer) in a near futurethe place is part coffee shop, restaurant and offer italian terroir produces. interesting place on the outskirt of marche jean-talonhopefully, they'll be back for pizza week and offer another workshop (which is limited to 15 people i believe)
5	We were completely thrilled to have lunch here.  Friends of ours took us out to eat and we ate very well.  Before we went, our friends told us this is the type of place where they make one menu each day and you have a very limited number of choices.  But, it is also a market so you can get just about anything.  (a bit confusing of our friends)Food wise, the food was amazing.  We ate everything from some amazing panchetta to a fantastic lamb dish stuffed in the flowers of summer squash.  We also got to enjoy some fresh pasta - a fettuccine dish with mushrooms and sausage.  The bread was really good.  We also enjoyed some great pizza and Focaccia.  For dessert we enjoyed a type of lemon ice (no idea what it was called).The staff was really good.  We were warmly greeted by our wait staff.  We got to meet one of the owners.  The kitchen is part of the restaurant (you can see them cook everything).  Every time we had a question about the food, the cooks were happy to answer our questions and give us little snips of the food they were working on.  The ambiance was also really wonderful.  It is a small place setup like a market with a few tables in the middle.  The tables are setup to be communal spaces.  While we filled one table completely, I saw several other groups of people sit at a table and then slowly talk with one another and have interesting looking conversations.  If you are looking for a private table for two, this is not the place for you!We have no idea what the total price was for our meal as we were treated.  The entrees were in the $25-30 range on the menu.  The staff was happy to accommodate the dietary restrictions of our group & even double check with the kitchen staff/cooks if there were particular ingredients in various food items.I would love to return here sometime for dinner.
