4	2 1/2 acres dog park with several water fountains, "mutt mitt" stations, and benches for sitting and chatting with fellow dog-lovers. One nice feature you will find here that's missing from many local dog parks -- trees.
3	This park was nice - despite the lack of trees. The other dog owners were friendly and there was plenty of water for the dogs. Con: It would be nice if all dog owners cleaned up after their furry friend....after all.....they do provide the materials to do this.Overall - we enjoyed our afternoon here.
5	WOW! While this park is a good 15 min drive from my house in Downtown PHX, I will gladly make the drive. The park is HUGE. I love the grass, the clean water station. The CLEAN park. All the pet owners actually look after their pets and clean up and or discipline to avoid fights. I love it and wished there was something like this closer to home for us.
4	I thought this dog park was a little sucky until I visited a few other Phoenix dogs parks.  Now I know that as far a PHOENIX dog parks go, this one is actually pretty darned nice.  Now, compared to Glendale, Scottsdale, Chandler, different story.But for Phoenix, this one is large, has lots of grass, nice working water stations with large buckets, separate sides for big and little dogs, and most of the people are pretty decent, too.That being said, if you're a person who:     a)  doesn't know the difference between a big and little dog (or at least one that can handle itself amongst the big guys and one that can't),     b)  doesn't know how to pick up after your dog,     c)  wants to bring a toddler or a stroller for cryin-out-loud,     d)  doesn't want to pay attention to your dog and let it shit or fight or whatever while you socialize and smoke cigarettes on your lawn chairs in a big semi-circle,      e)  doesn't know the difference between aggressive play and an aggressive dog, and chooses to display this ignorance by chucking a full 1.5 liter Dasani water bottle at full velocity towards a group of 3+ dogs who just happened to be playing near your big dumb St Bernard when it decided to pussy out and *Yelp* as it dropped to the ground (in a typically submissive dog-language move)...then just don't bother coming in the gate here, and let the rest of us have a good natured, clean, healthy, fun time.Oh, yeah, if the softball goonies are here they come in droves and parking sucks - i see a lot of people go across the street and park in the convention center lot, but your dog will love you even more if you park down the street in one of the other Rose Mofford Sports Complex lots, and walk through the park on the winding sidewalks to get to the dog run area.
4	Nice dog park, pretty clean and a decent amount of shade.  I have found the people to be responsible dog 'parents'.
4	One takes for granted how hard it can be to find a place in Phoenix for your dog to run at least some distance without a leash. This dog park is a perfect place to let your pooch fly free for a bit. As long as he/she is friendly there's plenty of opportunities to chase and play, getting exercise all along the way.
4	Very spacious park in a nice area. Lots of room to run, plenty of shade and seating, and (mostly) conscientious owners. Sometimes it gets a little soggy after it rains, but nothing compared to some of the other parks I've been to.
4	Started taking our 6 mo. old puppy to this dog park recently (for those of you who go... yes, she's the one who runs around making "squeaking noises"... it's her version of a bark :-/).Rose Mofford is great! Not hard to find (it's on the south side of the softball fields) and has it's own, almost separate parking area.The big dog park, which is what we use, is HUGE. Tons and tons of space for your crazy dog to run around. 'Rest areas'/water stations are set up on opposite ends of the park, which is really nice because if you forget to bring your own water dish, there's one there for your dog.There's always an assortment of balls on the ground, so unless your dog is picky about the toy she plays with, just use those. In fact, I'd highly recommend AGAINST bringing your own ball... we did the first time, and it became lost in the abyss. We've only had 2-3 problems with big dogs whose owners don't know how to manage their dogs. Each time, the owners finally did wise up and removed their dogs from the park, and only one of them blamed us for their dog being a bully, so that was nice.However, we've been strongly cautioned against taking our dog to the park during 'after work hours' or on the weekends because apparently that's when people who REALLY don't know how to manage their dogs are out, so be forewarned. We haven't gone during those times yet, but just a heads up!The only minus star is for the fact that occasionally the field is flooded, which turns the whole thing into a muddy pit of doom. The dogs love it, but the back of my car (with towels) and my shoes (the oldest, grossest pair I have) don't love it.
1	This place gets one star.Why?Because of the proliferation of snotnose owners.That's why.Classic Phoenix ridden Children of The Corn mentality.They don't know you?You're not welcome.Hostile,rude,obnoxious,condescending group of assholes who congregate in their asshole pods to size up the new entrants into the park.Gods forbid your dog goes to play with any of theirs either.Between the nasty remarks,dirty looks and them pulling their oh so hi falutin mutts away when play does ensue,I find it a dissapointment at best to have to take dogface here.I have never seen this level of anti social behavior anywhere else in the world.This dog park's overall mentality is a prime microcosm example of what I despise about Phoenix.
4	Overall great experience... Everyone seemed to keep an eye on their pooch but the amount of dogs humping each other was not to my taste.... I would come back... The park is very large, almost too large.... My dogs like to roam but the amount of people and dogs their was almost overwhelming.... They loved it but I was a bit worried someone might leave with my very trusting dogs.... And the 15 or so little dogs yapping and running back and forth was obnoxious.... But it was still a good evening....
4	This is a great dog park to have in the area.  It has a ton of room for the big dogs to run around and there are baggies and trash cans scattered all around it so you don't have to go far to pick up after your dog.  I also love that there are a couple water stations in case you don't bring your own water bowl.  The area for the small dogs looked to be a pretty decent size as well.  The only downside to this dog park is that the ground is pretty muddy so I'd recommend wearing shoes you don't care about and bringing extra towels to clean up your pup after they're done.
5	I like this park!Dogs are weird and decide they do or don't like other dogs in two seconds, and it is up to the owners to reign their hounds in when things look like they're getting a little dicey.I've been here a few times and my dog (he's a doberman) LOVES how big it is because I can throw the ball waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay out there for him-- and he is kookoobanans for going after tennis balls.The people range from cool to not-cool, but that is going to be the same wherever you go, unless you find a deserted island, but then where's the fun in that for the pooch?Anyway, I would recommend this place if you think your dog is social enough to not bite other dogs/people, and you know if your dog is ready for it... if you're unsure, keep the doggy on the leash in the park until you're sure!Oh, and bring any extra bags you have lying around the house-- can't have too many plastic bags hanging around the park :D
3	The dog park is very nice and quite large. There are separate areas for small and large dogs. The three star rating comes from the fact that they do not adhere to set hours for opening and the fact that the park is ALWAYS CROWDED. We went Thursday and there was a piece of paper hanging on the fence saying the park was closed until 2 pm although the city website makes no mention of this closure. The website also says that "winter hours" begin Sept 1st and the park opens at 8 am. We showed up this morning at 5:50 am and the park was already crowded???
1	I took my dog on a Saturday and met some really nice people and she got along with them perfectly. I liked the park so I decided to bring her a second time, the second time I did I walked in and looked over and there was a group of people sitting in a circle with their dogs. my dog ran in and just kept circling around. any park I've ever gone to, people have greeted me and been very friendly. but nope, not here. I got stared at.one dog decided to keep bugging my dog, and eventually she caved and started playing. eventually the dog got annoyed and started attacking her, and as any normal dog she fought back. I pulled my dog away while the other dogs owner just yelled. once I got her back he decided to punch my dog in the face.I later found blood on my dogs chin, and realized the dog had bit her. she was the only one with any cuts.I'm not sure how pathetic your life is, but you're certainly not a dog lover and you shouldn't be in a park full of dogs. and getting mad at my dog when your dog instigated a fight just because I'm not a "regular" is stupid.I read a review about cliques and I didn't believe it, but now I do.this place is ridiculous and I don't ever want my dog there again. i suggest not going on a weekday at 6pm unless if you feel like being treated like you don't belong.
5	I always love taking my little girl here. It is always filled with dogs and their owners who come to socialize. Usually, the same people come every night so you begin to recognize familiar faces and the names of their dogs. It's well lit up at night which is a major PLUS. A few other parks I've been to had very limited lighting. The owners are good about picking up poop. Everyone here is friendly and Charlie will be back again whenever we're in the area :)
