5	Once you navigate the madness known as "Central Ave. Construction" and arrive at this Kinko's you are met with the most friendly and professional staff. It is worth the travel time for ya'll I promise. Other Kinko's, to me, seem less personable. Here, Raul, Rhonda and Cameron (and the other unsung heroes) treat you like a king. Or a queen. Depending. U get it. They really know their stuff here. UB. Link. FAX...all the lingo...they are in the ringo! I've had invitations, signs and all sorts of other "paper" products produced here...all the best. "Oh Kinko's you're so fine. You're so fine you blow my mind. Oh Kinko's". Darn, there's a song in there somewhere!
1	this is my first 1 star reviewit used to be that i could place an internet order and instantly know that it would be correctly done to my specifications in the time that i requested it in.Recently:  i don't know who the buffoon's are that the now "fedex kinko's"hired, but the last three orders i put in not only sucked, it tookdecades for these people to find and although i left my phone number in bold for them to call if there were any questions, they sent me three emails instead of calling me. whooo i ask you sits at their inbox waiting for a response from kinkos?these people are idiots.i will be going to the washington one from now on.
5	I love this location for Fed Ex. They were a life saver for me over the Christmas holidays. They are always cheerful and friendly when you come in. Even though when  they say hello many people do not respond. Rude people!!  Any way, the service is excellent it always gets there when they say it will. They are super quick when they help you and they will even package it up for you.  There are some really wonderful people working in the shipping dept. Chris being one of them. A truly nice person who really wants to help you as best as he can. If only more of us took pride in our job like that.  Great location, fast service, delivered when promised...what more could you ask for.
1	I went in to do some enlarging at 3AM as the FedEx Office is 24 hrs. There were 3 individuals sleeping at the computers and 1 sleeping next to the register. 1 had an IV drug needle on the desk by the computers. I spoke with the FedEx employee who indicated she knew the person and he was diabetic. Now I am sympathetic to both the homeless and handicap but 1) I dont care if he is diabetic and 2) I dont need to see a needle, used or otherwise, on the desk AND 3) the needle was put in a regular garbage can, not a biohazard can like at a hospital. This not only puts workers at risk but is pretty scummy too. The employee seemed to know that these people were sleeping in her store but didnt seem to care when I mentioned it. Basically if this is what FedEx Office wants to be known as, a homeless shelter, than fine. But I never associated FedEx with this kind of situation and I am very hesitant to go back or recommend this location to anyone. I could handle the sleeping but the IV needle on the desk was too much.
1	Got a call from the General Manager John who was very nice and assured me they are not a homeless shelter. Perhaps I will go back and try them again.
4	I placed my order online...and I had no problems picking it up. The girl who helped me was very sweet. I was in and out of that place in two minutes. :)
5	This place is really the greatest! They are open 24 hours a day, It is a very clean location   They are all quite friendly here. Plus, there is a guy named Chris that works days that is just super! He is friendly and helpful and knows what he is  doing. Everything i ship from here always delivered as promised and nothing is broken. I highly recommend this place. They are so helpful as well and no long lines.They have a lot  of parking.  They also take cash, check, or credit.
3	24 hour fedex and copy location. Visited for a package delivery and cost $13 to ship a book and cd. If these items weren't personalized with a message to the recipient, I would have just shipped new items from amazon and it would have been the same or cheaper. Yes, that was the cheapest 7 day shipping possible :(I can say that the items did arrive without any significant incidents or events.They are also a Kinkos copy center to make copies of stuff and purchase office supplies. If you need this stuff late night, they're open and waiting for you.
5	Always helpful and superior service!
1	A SNOW JOB......  Its bad enough that the store that the store you go in to has the AC at 40 minus zero where an ice cube feels warmer.  But what is even more disappointing about this center is that the reception from the front counter is even colder.  I was standing at the counter for a few mi nuts & was watching this person interact with another coworker.  When i was finally helped the greeting was so phony and so over the top.  I got my printing done which was OK, the copy had specks over it .    Then to make maters even worse I was kept being asked to purchase additional items which they refer ed to as the products of the month.   I say Run as fast as you can away from this center
4	As others mentioned, this FedEx is a 24 hour service location. Staff is helpful and friendly. We had to snail mail a letter and weren't sure about the options with FedEx. Staff took time to explain shipping options and prices.
3	Just stopped into fax some documents. I helped myself to the "fax it yourself station." I attempted to fax these 9 documents myself.... Key word attempt. I tried several times to insert my credit card slot to pay but the machine refused to take my card. I waited for a about five min looking beyond frustrated and confused before I had to walk over and ask for help. A nice lady came over and tried to help me. She obviously had the magic touch because the machine finally took my card. I began to fax my documents and it stopped half way through?.. Ahhhhhhh! Technology!! I proceeded to take my documents up to the front and have them fax the 9 page document for me... After a short wait the documents were sent. But it came with a ridiculous price. I payed almost $15 to fax 9 pages to a local number. I don't know about you but to me that just seems insane. Is I just because no one actually uses a fax machine anymore so they think they can charge 1.50$-2.50$ per page?!?!?!Okay but not great service, cleanish facilities. All around an okay experience.
2	Places like this seem to have a really difficult staffing problem.  They just don't hire enough people to handle situations that can come up, and with printing and shipping it can happen a lot.  When I was there one lady was having trouble tracking a package and one employee was with her for about 15 minutes.  I had a color print job that I tried on the self service machines but it was smudging, so the guy guy offered to do it for me behind the counter and it took him a few minutes.  Again, that caused a longer wait for others at the counter.The next time I went straight to the counter to get my prints, and the lady was obviously stressed out.  She aligned my pdf then helped someone else, then started my print job then helped someone else, then answered the phone, then cut my prints in half.  We all just got lucky that someone didn't need anything time intensive or else the whole process would have broken down.
4	I rarely write a review, but this FedEx location was so helpful, I really felt that it was needed. I was in Phoenix for a conference, helping run a conference, and there was some miscommunication initially regarding whether an order was delivered. We NEEDED the documents the next day, and Beth, the manager, was willing to go above and beyond to make sure that we received everything we needed in time. I really appreciated the offer, and next time we schedule a conference in Phoenix I will definitely use this location again.
4	We needed to print color images on transparency paper. The person who helped us, Beth, said she wasn't sure it would work but was super nice about it and willing try it anyways. And it worked!I've had similar experience at other places where the staff give you attitude and are super pessimistic and bothered that you even asked. I don't know about the rest of the staff but Beth gets 5stars!
5	Thank You store Manager John for being Kind and patient while being overwhelmed with customers !  I had some work printed and the Asst Manager was fantastic ! She assisted me with suggestions that would enhance my work and be a little more appealing. John worked with a special needs patron all the while being vigilant of all customers entering the store.  That's customer Service !  Thank You John and staff for being a great place to do business with !
5	If you can manuever the central / light rail madness this is the best copy center around.  I've had recurring print issues and they have consistently saved me from losing my mind.  I've gone in with flash drives, laptops, hard copies, brochures, etc., and they go out of their way to get me to class on time.  I haven't used the fedex services there, but if you need any kind of copy work done, please do yourself a favor and try this location.FYI: They also have a small section of office supplies and I got the best stapler ever.  It powers through stacks with the ease of one finger touch.
2	This location is right next to my house, convenient, and have always had great service, but I will remember to never try and ship something from here again.I needed to ship a few T-shirts and a small picture to California. I was approached by a trainee who was training a trainee and when I asked for one box, he proceeded to put the picture into a separate box with bubble wrap. I told him I didn't want two boxes to be shipped that I wanted it all together and he said he couldn't do that because it was a fragile item. Instead I would have to pay $12 for the additional small box. I told them I preferred one box and they could put the small frame between the shirts and he said they were not allowed to do that... I even asked for a size and price sheet for their boxes but because they were remodeling they didn't have one?Forcing individuals to buys separate boxes and packaging is a poor way of up-selling. Then they messed up on the address and after that I just decided to cancel everything all together.The process seemed unorganized, took way too long, and the staff did not help out with any shipping options.
1	Horrible service, horrible attitudes. I created a yelp account to write this review. Absolutely rude and incredibly expensive.
4	A little pricy if you want something in a nontraditional size, but other than that, this place is great. Friendly and helpful staff, great location, and fast.
