5	The slow roasted eggplant sandwich was delicious. The caprese sandwich was also great and the chicken florentine soup was chock full of meatballs, chicken and pasta. Great take out and the place is very clean.
5	This is great pizza.  I used to live within walking distance of this shop.  Now I go out of my way to get Anthony's pizza at least once a month.  Anthony takes pride in making his pizza fresh and with quality ingredients. Way better than Mineo's down the street.  Try the soups too.  Anthony's Mom makes great soups from scratch and his sister makes the cookies.  Its a family affair that is so great!!
5	Really Good Pizza, Cool little shop. I wish there was a bathroom and that they served beer. I go for a slice pretty often, definitely highest quality ingredients and the dudes who work there are pretty cool to. Check it out for yourself but take your pizza home and enjoy a cold one with it.
4	Super friendly staff.  Went out of the way to help a family.  The pizza is really good.  The crust is really good nice and chewy not to hard and the sauce is nice and savory and not sweet like so many places.  Also, ordered some bread sticks, thought they would be garlic but lacked garlic.They have one with eggs on the pizza..never seen that before.
3	We had pizza delivered. It was good but just "ok" good. I'd order it again.
5	I ate here last night with my girlfriend and another dining companion for dinner.  When looking at the website earlier in the day we noticed that this was a BYOB place and so we brought along a bottle of wine.  The shop itself is not much to look at as it looks like your normal pizza shop with 4 tables and a cooler set up inside.  You could tell it was popular though as the tables were almost always full of customers and there was a large amount of foot traffic coming both in and out while we ate our dinner.After we all arrived and checked out the chalkboard menu, we decided to order both an 18" red pizza and also a 16" white pizza to split amongst the three of us.  We also mentioned that we had a bottle of wine when ordering and after a little bit of a search, they provided us with a corkscrew and some small glasses.  You could tell that people do not bring wine here that often but with no corkage fee, I don't see why you wouldn't.  After a short wait they served us the pizza right out of the oven and it both looked and smelled great whenever it was put on out table.  The red cheese pizza was nice with a good amount of cheese and sauce through which you could taste the mozzarella.  The crust was also done perfectly as it was thin and crispy but not burnt at all.  I also thought that the white pizza was good even though I did not eat much of it.  It came with the regular cheese interspersed with globs of ricotta on top, a nice oil (maybe garlic too?) based sauce and tomatoes under the cheese.  Both of my dining companions liked the white pizza even more than the red pizza.  I also thought that the workers of the shop were exceptionally pleasant during our whole meal.  They were especially accommodating to what we needed and asked multiple times if there was anything else that we wanted.  It was something that I was not prepared for at a small pizza shop but I am glad that I can write about it.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely eat here again.  The pizza was excellent and the workers friendly so I imagine that I would stop by for a slice in the future whenever I am in the area.
5	Because pizza is one of my favorite foods, I've eaten tons of it all over the place.  NYC, Italy, California, etc. I know you may think this sounds a little weird but the pizza at A'Pizza Badamo is among the best I've ever eaten!  The crust is nice and thin but not dry; ingredients are fresh and the real thing; and the cheese and sauce blend together perfectly!  You won't find better pizza anywhere in Pittsburgh, or in most other cities.  You must try the white and red pizza because you'll probably like them both.  Sprinkle a little oregano on and you'll be in pizza heaven!  The staff is accommodating, the place is cozy, and the price is right!
2	I'm going to buck the rave reviews trend here a little bit, because my experience has been really mixed.I originally tried Badamo's because I was looking for a more affordable place than my go-to favorite, Vocelli's, and I liked Badamo's price range.  The pizza is simple, but tasty, and that's fine by me.The problem I have is that orders get delivered incorrectly with a little too much frequency.  Which really isn't the end of the world, but I'm *really* nice when trying to sort out things like that, and so it bothers me when the customer service I get in response isn't also friendly.  The last time I called about an incorrect order I was made to feel, with lots of frustrated sighing and prolonged silences, like it was my fault that they got my order wrong.  Even if it were my fault (it wasn't), that's just bad customer service.If the pizza were super amazing, I'd probably shrug it off, but I don't feel like the quality is worth the hassle in this case, so I'll be on the hunt for new and awesome pizza in the South Hills!
5	I never used to be crazy about pizza until Darren started dragging me to all these pizza places in the P-G-H. A'Pizza Badamo is another reason I'm learning to dig pizza.  The sausage and egg pizza we brought home a few weeks ago was excellent, but unlike Darren, I didn't mind the egg (we probably should have ate it there). Really, really good. Shame they don't deliver to The Beech. lol.
5	Starving after a long day at work, we looked for somewhere to order a pizza that we had never tried. We settled on A'Pizza Badamo and placed our order, a 16" 10 cut pizza, topped with sausage crumbles, onions, green pepper, and artichokes. We were given a total, and told 40 minutes. The food arrived hot and delicious in just 25 minutes!! A thin and crispy crust, fresh toppings, this may have been the yummiest pizza we have tasted yet! Call them now! You won't regret it!
4	We order take out from here probably at least once a week - the pizza is great for think crust lovers (but more on the gourmet side, this isn't Pizza Hut). From my observation, they use really quality ingredients. Other options we've enjoyed are the hoagies, salads (fairly simple options - good house dressing) and calzones. Very nice local option!
5	Not sure what's going on here, but it seems to me that the entire staff is on an unlimited morphine drip...so damn friendly.I write this review after ordering a pizza and a hoagie...took me three calls to get thru as they're probably very busy on a cold Saturday night, but still, the person was chipper than I get when I'm petting my kitty cat. I sleep well each night I eat A'Pizza because I know the chances are slim that my pizza was tainted by a disgruntled worker....and last but not least the pizza is excellent (I recommend the roasted tomato and spinach pizza pictured here in yelp) and the hoagies are delish - crunchy Italian bread with all the good stuff inside. The Mrs. always enjoys dippin' her pie in their delicious, home-made ranch dressing.Good stuff. :)
5	My absolute favorite pizza in not only Mt. Leb, but Pittsburgh. The ingredients are fresh, the dough is perfection, and the sauce is just the right consistency and taste. (None if that sweet dreck you get other places). The staff is friendly and very attentive. Highly recommend!
4	My new second favorite (Fioris fan since a kid).  Took me too long to try this place.  Went with a plain cheese pie, and it was delicious.  Great char and chew to the crust.  Not a sweet sauce, I'm cool wit that.  It was excellent, will be back soon.
5	As luck would have it, this is my local pizza shop.  The only thing I've gotten here is pizza, it's so good I can't tear myself away from it. It rivals the best pizza joints in NYC. The dough is thin, with a little bit of chewiness to it and just the right amount of crunch in the crust. I've never had cheese like this before.  This is not the typical generic mozzarella. There's a smokiness to it that makes it incredible. It tastes like there's some other cheese with it as well, but I can't name it. Or maybe it's just the good quality mozzerella that you don't get most other places.                                                         Enough about the pizza. Not only is it quality food, they are quality people. Screw the Olive Garden. When you're at A'Pizza Badamo, you're family. Anthony makes a point to at least say "hi" and "thanks" to everyone, no matter how busy he is slinging dough. I think he's going for the title of "Mr. Mt. Lebo."  I think he knows everybody.  Everyone else there is super cool too. This has been Mt.Lebo's best kept secret for too long. I'm so happy that the word is getting out about this place. You have to try it, it will quickly become one of your favorites.
5	words couldn't express the joy of finally having pizza comparable to the shops in NYC here in Pittsburgh-- Mt Lebanon specifically. both Badamo's regular pie and Sicilian are worthy of praise. perfect sauce, perfectly baked dough/crust, excellent cheeses. the staff is super friendly and accommodating. the folks of South Hills are lucky to have such a transcendental pizza shop! looking forward to many more visits.
5	Just moved to Mount Lebanon and tried here today awesome pizza made in front of you. The staff was polite and very friendly. The best pizza I have ever eaten. I just finished working a 7 day week and didn't want to think. So I asked the staff to make a pizza with anything on it. They made me a pizza with onion, pepperoni, and cherry peppers. The combination was great. Everybody needs to eat here.
5	BEST PIZZA IN THE BURGH! Dear owners: no matter how big you may get, NEVER CHANGE ANYTHING! I usually don't eat the crust but this crust is great, with the perfect chew to it. I love everything about this. The sauce, cheese, EVERYTHING. Most recently, today, we got a pizza with mushroom, pepperoni, sausage, and onion. The onions were cut very thin, they were cut the best way. And I lovvvve the sausage. I love everything, everything is the best. Best best best! Start delivering to me in beechview, and I may propose to you! Or at least tip your face off!!!!
5	Amazing as always! This time I even called them to tell then how good they are, love you guys! My friend and I were talking the other day and I discovered that he swears by the place just like I do! He told us to get the white pizza and meatball hoagie, we did, and it was GREAT. These giant meatballs HAVE to be homemade. We added sausage and spinach to the pizza. And we also had a salad, I'm pretty sure they make their own balsamic, looks homemade. The salad was mixed greens, chic peas, olives, onion, tomato, and parm.
2	This used to be our go-to pizza delivery, but lately it's just not as good.  Last time the pizza was a bit underdone and it took FOREVER to be delivered.  So, we gave up and eventually went back to Bado's.  I'm guessing during off-peak times, it's still okay.  But be warned if you try to order during dinner time on a Friday night...
5	Wanted a BYOB place as we were in the mood for casual and affordable. Had a wonderful 1/2 white pizza and 1/2 red with sausage and mushroom on the whole pie.  Staff was very pleasant.  LOVED the large salad in a recycled paper efficient container.  Also have recycle bin in restaurant.  Had a great night with our beer, pizza and salad and good service.  Can't beat that--good food and an awareness of the environment.
4	I had a gift card for A'Pizza Badamo. I had never heard of the place before, which made me sad as a Mt. Lebanon resident. I enjoyed that their menu is so small - it makes it easier to choose and you know they have primo ingredients. I ordered a 16" with sausage, spinach, and mushrooms. It was very delicious - fresh, hot, tasty. And delivered on time. No complaints from this girl :) I'll be ordering again, but probably with company over (the pizza was bigger than my fridge).
5	Simply the best pizza available in mt lebanon.  What do you want? They will put it on there for you, and some how not make a mess of it.... its a nice change to a market used to mass production.  I dont order fron any other place now. Thank you!
5	I eat this pizza everyday of my life and I never get sick of it! Awesome environment and great service!
3	A'pizza Badamo is a fairly hip little pizza shop with a small dining room.  You can tell someone under 40 owns the place and the atmosphere is a bit of a refreshing vibe from your traditional dirty old trite Italian pizza joint.  The staff is young and they actually seem to be having a pretty good time.  They have a really nice selection of heady soda too which is nice.  I called in to order the pie and I asked the girl how big their pizzas were.  She told me that they have a 10 cut and a 12 cut which is a big pet peeve of mine because number of cuts means absolutely nothing.  I considered cutting a dollar bill into 16 and trying to use it to pay for the pie but I figured it would go over her head.  I ordered the large (which is 18 INCHES by the way).  Also you kind of have to question the judgement of a pizzeria that would actually CHOOSE to have to cut a pizza into 10 slices, which is quite annoying for the person cutting it. So as for the pizza, it's very close to being awesome but its just slightly lacking on all fronts just enough to make me desire a little more.  Badamo is using regular deck brick ovens and they are keeping them nice and hot, the pie was perfectly cooked with a nice medium brown bottom and beautiful tan crust.  They are cooking the pie directly on the brick without screens which is awesome but the pie itself is definitely very imperfect as far as shape goes.  The pizza man wasn't able to get the pie of the peel and keep it perfectly round so the result was this sort of circle/square hybrid pizza.  Luckily the issue with the shape is purely cosmetic though and the pizza is still made well with a consistently thick bottom and no issues of any spots being too thin.  The pizza was on the doughy side, I think it may have been really fresh dough that didn't quite have time to bloom yet because it lacked the air that it needed to become totally crispy.  The taste of the dough itself is delicious, it has a very nice fermented taste that is unique to others I have found in the city.  I think on the right day if their dough has enough time to proof that it has the potential to be really really excellent.  Unfortunately for this pie the airy crispy factor wasn't totally there, but it was very close to being great.  The cheese is a high quality cheese and it is distributed well across the pie.  It was a little heavy on the cheese for my tastes but still not overkill by any means.  Cheese does seem to be driving the flavor car on this pizza, with crust in the back and sauce tucked away sadly in the trunk.The sauce was super skimpy.  There wasn't really enough sauce on the pie to even fully assess but I think if it were more prevalent that it probably would have been pretty good.  It seems to have a medium watery thickness but still with some decent tomatoes.  Real basil leaves in the sauce are nice.  There is nothing overkill or offensive about the sauce (which is almost rare around here) and in general it seems fine.  I wish that I had more of it, I bet its probably good.In general A'pizza Badamo is a pretty good pizza and you can tell that they take extreme pride in their work.  If they were to tone down the cheese, turn up the sauce and let the dough ride enough than I think they could be making one of the best pies in the city.  This place shows lots of potential though, I would recommend it.  I'm giving it a solid 7/10.
5	You can't go wrong here. Everything is delicious, every time! The wedding soup is wonderful and the pizza and subs are equally as good. I love the consistency and the friendly staff. Every single time we go here it's a great experience. Happy that they expanded. They sell pizza by the slice as well which is great if you just want something quick.
