4	I had lunch here today and it was GREAT! I use to go to Chuy's at Metro Center and they had great food! I had a Doctor appointment near this location today and the old manager at Metro Jason was the manager here today! Great Food,Great Service! Try it you will like it.GaryI live in Glendale Arizona but it was worth the trip to this location! This review shows I live in Dallas but I don't?
5	Had the grilled seasoned fish sandwich, best fish sandwich I have EVER had! The  help yourself Salsa Bar is awesome, homemade chips just the way I love them light and crispy.When they set down the sandwich they also gave me a whole squeeze container of Baja Sauce, I almost cried. It went on the sandwich, I squeezed some in my salsa and mixed it up.Service was good, food was speedy, atmo is chillaxin cantina style, great price point. I will be returning a lot!
5	This place is awesome!!!! Staff is very friendly. great prices great food. Also found out they have another Baja loco out by the cards stadium. Football spot!!!! Will be back lots more.
4	This is a great place to get a filling and tasty meal. The place is full of junky or as people like to say these days "distressed" decorations... gives the place a laid back charm, I suppose. I have been here twice, and both occasions were after doing some hardcore housework. It was so great to have a big yummy lunch after all the hard work I did. The combo plates are super -  good portions and everything is served hot and fresh! I love the grilled whitefish! It is so tender and well seasoned!They also have a well stocked bar and great drink and beer specials. Too bad I won't ever be able to go here again... I live in LA and I probably won't ever end up in Phoenix again. Oh well.
5	Best resonabaly priced fish in town. I LOVE their fish fry special on Friday, and their grilled fish on Wednesday. Cheap beer, the best $3 Margaritas ever, and a staff that really puts forth an effort. Free chips and salsa bar too. I've been a regular every since they opened and have never had a bad experience here.
4	Friendly, fast service.You order at the counter, but a server came to our table to take our drink orders. They have decent cheap margaritas. They also have a chip and salsa bar that is self serve. The salsas were cold and tasted fresh, some with quite a kick.The chicken they grill here is good (you can watch them do it through the glass kitchen wall), very flavorful and juicy. The rice and beans were ok too. This is not a fancy place (plastic plates and utensils), but it is clean, good, quick and inexpensive. It also seems a bit healthier then your traditional Americanized Mexican food drowning in cheese and grease.Kid friendly, easy parking...check it out.
4	Good go to for a quick lunch. Everyone always finds something delicious that they enjoy. My favorite is the California Tacos. The boy always gets a quarter chicken and we eat everything on the plate. Great place for quick eats.
4	We go to lunch at Baja Loco every week. The staff always greets you and says bye as you leave and has remembered us since our just our first few visits. The daily specials are all pretty good. Two of our favorite items are the Chile Burro and the Grilled Shrimp Tacos. The Tri-tip beef is also good. And, you have to love the unlimited chips and salsa bar. The atmosphere is comfortable and casual and I just wish we didn't have to go back to work because the drinks are so affordable. PBR, baby!
4	This place is awesome. It really feels like your just off the beach in Rocky Point. I will stopping by here whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Awesome food, service, & prices!
5	So yummy highly recommend the shrimp tacos very great beans and rice and of course it's a bar. I've eaten here twice and would come back when in the area
5	We really like this place. Everyone is friendly and we've been going since back when it was Chuy's. Great tritip, chips and salsa are self serve and delicious. Low key great food and good prices.
5	I don't know why I haven't Yelped about Baja Loco.I've been eating at this restaurant since it was Chuy's, at different locations starting in 2000. They got into trouble I guess, and then disbanded and now a few of the old Chuy's are different restaurants.Baja Loco on 32nd and Camelback is the absolute best. My boyfriend and I eat here an awful lot. I think one week we went 4 times! It's a neat kind of restaurant as far as decor goes, and they've usually got a few different games playing on the number of TV's they have. Why are we repeat customers?In short, whatever they grill their seafood in is highly addictive.The food is insanely cheap. On average, we usually spend $20 total (plus tip) with two meals and two alcoholic drinks. Make sure the manager pours your drinks, he's the best there. But regardless of who pours, they are not by any means light-handed. My favorite drinks are their Baja on the Rocks (which is basically a Mai Thai) or a Mudslide. I got it with I think smores vodka once and it was sooo good. They carry an assortment of beers too, and their house lemonade (non-alcoholic) is nice as well.The food is awesome. My boyfriend almost always orders the whitefish skewers. Last time, he ordered the chicken wings. I've probably eaten everything there. The tri-tip sandwich is one of my favorites, followed by the shrimp fajitas.My family eats there sometimes, though nowhere near as often as we do. My brother swears by the veggie burrito, which is probably bigger than his vegetarian arms.Now that I've moved out of Arizona and into a place that seriously lacks any kind of dining, I really miss Baja Loco.
5	The Mesquite Shrimp Tacos are spot on! There is nothing more satisfying than a slice of Baja on a Friday.
4	On my way home and wanted something more than fast food. Loved the rugged, distressed look of the place - like a beach side restaurant in Mexico. Large quantity of food for the price. Had the pork burrito (it was good), but will try something else due to the responses of others on yelp. Unlimited chips/salsa bar was great also. Will be back!
5	Baja loco: good food, nice staff, great atmosphere, my favorite is the grilled fish tacos, along with the margarita, it makes a great meal.
5	I've been going here ever since I moved to the Arcadia area and I can't say one bad thing about it. Food is great, atmosphere is fun and the staff is always nice. Try the Tortilla soup - had for the first time and it's awesome!
4	if you loved chuy's you won't be disapointed. Even a few additions to the menu. Once again great friendly service.
4	I've been coming here for about seven years (before the Chuy's scandal!!!). I love it. There are a couple things I miss from the old menu (hot shrimp, Chuy's sampler), but everything is still great. I venture out once in a while and try the specials. This place can get pretty expensive quick (I usually drop 20 bucks on my lunch alone), but the food is good quality. Staff are very friendly and welcoming.
4	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place one Sunday while driving around, passing time and looking for cheap Margaritas!  This is the place for that!  @2.75 margaritas during Happy Hour.  $3.75 during regular hours.  Who can compliant right?!  My point exactly!Both times I've been I ordered the combo fajitas (whitefish and shrimp).  They're excellent!  My boyfriend ordered the grilled zucchini for an appetizer and finished with the Grande Burrito... both excellent!We had the pleasure of meeting some of the owners during our first visit here.  They were really, really cool, fun and nice!  Give it a shot you'll enjoy it!
5	I am devastated. My family eats at Baja Loco at least 2 times a week. It's our favorite restaurant and we never feel guilty eating there because it's so healthy. Breaks my heart knowing that the awesome people working there will be out of a job soon. LET'S SAVE BAJA LOCO!!!!!!
