4	Awesome place for groups, we 8 in ours and took full advantage of the family style special they had.  Basically it's a massive place with a mixture of pork specialties (Ribs, chops, shanks etc...along with fries, roasted veggies all great stuff)  Some of us had other items on the menu all of which were great, and the portions are huge, so be ready for the meat sweats when your done.I added a few photos, especially of the massive meat family plates.  I'd highly recommend this place, the prices were good, service was excellent, it's located in a small enough local that's very well decorated.  Then again it's in the village would you expect anything less : )
2	Chez ma grosse truie cherie was not really on my list of must try Montreal's restaurants. I ended up here because with a group on 5, it was not easy to get a reservation on a busy Saturday night. This restaurant seems to catered to large groups with communal tables and family style menu, which seems to be well suited our party of five.Service was attentive and excellent. I wish the food can match the service. We shared: Oysters ($15) - Apple ice cider vinegar from Vergers de la Colline- Not bad, I had better oysters..Chef Choice Seared Foie Gras ($23)- The best part of the meal... I would just come back to have that- Love how the sourness of the fresh grapes compliment the fattiness of the foie gras- No sharing! All mine!The Whole Hog ($32/pp) - Baby back ribs, smoked grilled pork chop, braised shanks, braising juices and parmesan cheese French fries - The platter looked amazing for photos but most of the meat tasted bland and dry- The only thing I enjoyed was the shank which was tender and moist- I did enjoy the roasted vegetables... The only saving grace might be some local beers in bottles... Dieu du Ciel did make the dining experience a little more enjoyable.Sadly I doubt I will be coming back again really soon...... unless I can have that foie gras all for myself!
3	What I will definitely remember from this restaurant is the amazing decor and ambiance there was. This place is huge, offers so many cool tables/ sections for groups, and they had a nice heated terrace, too. As per food, I have to say it was just OK. I felt like some dishes were overrated and not worth the price . I do remember trying a good beef tartar and delicious charcuteries, but the mains were so average - we had ribs and cornish hen. It has been a while since we've gone, so maybe they've improved since then, but I still am not sure this was worth the bill.
1	wenr last week for the montreal tbl citywide food festival. Well you'd think that they would put they're best foot forward. The service was teriible. I waited a good 10 minutes before anyone came to the table . another 10 mins for bread and water . The waiter throughout the whole meal was standing in the hostess vestibule basically ignoring his whole section. The food was just so so. based on the food alone i WOULDNT return but this combined with the bad service you can forget it!
3	So, last night we finally decided to try this place. Yes, I admit it, we mainly wanted to go because of the name and were therefore not sure what to expect (besides pork I suppose!)The staff was welcoming and friendly (and french...). The place was packed, the decor is very... industrial with very uncomfortable high chairs and high tables but that is the style these days!They have a good albeit short selection of wines and micro brews (thank you Trou du diable!).We went for the Jarret de porc, which although fatty was well cooked and well seasoned. And the spareribs which were melting and soft. On the negatives, the bbq sauce was way not enough bbq-y and the fries were totally undercooked unfortunately.The food is therefore good though with nothing exceptional. Expect to eat well without being wowed. Do not expect though to be able to eat a 3 course meal here (unless you have a huge stomach or haven't eaten in a week), the main course is plenty to fill you in.The prices are, I find, a bit high for this kind of unsubtle food but as I've said many times, this is Montreal and expensive is the norm!Now that we've tried it, we can stop wondering about this place with the funny name and go somewhere else!
4	Just attended a wedding here of 50 plus people from all parts of NYC and Wahsington. The restaurant and design are very unique! Amazing out door terrace for everyone to flow out to. The food and service were second to none.  the staff super friendly.  We would defiantly return!
3	J'arrivais probablement avec de grosses attentes. La bouffe est correcte mais sans plus, le service est par ailleurs excellent et attentif.
