4	Are you a fan of furry animals? Do you love to be outdoors and breath fresh air? Do you like to wake up early in the morning to seize the day? Do you just love nature in general?If you said yes to any of these then the Ecomuseum, which just outside of Montreal, is a place that you will not want to miss! The Ecomuseum is a not-for-profit organization with the mission focusing on education, research and applied conservation. They 'foster' animals of all kinds found in Canada which cannot fend for themselves in the wild, so apart from being a great place to go see the nature that surrounds Canada it is a great way to make a contribution to a worthy cause.Although the Ecomuseum is open throughout the day I suggest you go in the morning. Fistly, there will be almost no one and you can enjoy seeing the awesome plethora of animals such as Arctic foxes, grey wolves and black bears. Second, if you look at their website there is the opportunity to feed the three black bears they have, which is very exciting!The breakfast with bears is a $25 dollar fee which includes entrance to the park, a delicious continental breakfast and a chance to prepare and then serve the bears' breakfast. The staff there is very friendly and you will definitely learn a bunch of new and awesome facts about bears, like did you know that a polar bear's skin is black and their fur is transparent? I know...its mind-blowing! This is a great way to spend a Sunday morning with friends or family, it comes highly recommended.
1	Wow. The signage and website make this place look clean, well kept and fairly inviting. In reality, it is dingy with (in some cases) extremely small enclosures, with barbed wire fences and rusty chain link fences. Some animals (a beautiful lynx for one) are in such small spaces that they pace around in small circles over and over again. I understand the animals must be kept in safe, stable environments but really, there are better ways to do it. So many zoos I've been to have much larger spaces for the animals and the barriers tend to have a more natural feel (I.e. - not rusted, locked, chain link fences). In addition, it seemed like almost half the animals in the zoo are just woodland creatures that you might see yourself outside of a zoo (crow, deer, raccoon, ducks...). Also the walkways are overgrown with brush, plant life and frankly - weeds. I don't expect a perfectly manicured golf course to walk through but it would be nice if my legs (and my kids' hands and legs) weren't grazing through weeds as we make our way from one exhibit to the next). A little trimming would go a long way. The flying bugs on the path were thick (presumably due to the overgrowth of the plant life). We all got mosquito bites on our short walk through. Which brings me to my last point: this entire place is a 45 minute walk through. Ok, maybe an hour or at most an hour and a half but certainly not much more than that. Hardly worth the ticket price or more importantly the day of scheduling it in your vacation (like we did). Save your time and money and go the park instead. Ps. Really the most disturbing issue was the small dingy quarters for many of the animals. Really quite sad.
1	Spent an arm and a leg, barley saw any animals and the ones we did see where in super small cages like the arctic fox his place card says he loves to run yet he's in the smallest cage I felt like crying seeing the poor thing, the kids where crying the whole time saying "this zoo sucks I want to leave" ages (6,3) they both hated it and I had to hear them cry all the way home when I got home I emailed them and they refused to help or even reason something with me they give me a shitty deal they said they would send half price coupons to come again but the kids hated it why would I want to go again? I never got an email back after trying so many times never got mail from them. Overall I would NEVER go back half the animals don't even come from here they come from America and national Canadian animals they don't have like the moose witch is on the highway signs for the zoo and a beaver with is also on a sign yet not at the zoo witch I find so stupid, it's expensive and not made to see all animals at all times you would be better off spending extra gas money and going to Granby I'm sure your kids would like that zoo much more then this small inconvenient one, It's really not worth the money at all. Did I mention BUGS? During the day yes I got bite like crazy
