1	After preordering product from these people, they took my money and sat on it for months after the release date and refused to send me my order, citing problems with their distributor. To make matters worse, they also refused to do anything proactive to make up for this, trying to keep my order open as long as possible.Avoid, avoid, avoid. There are better comic & game retailers out there.
5	Aw snap, aw snap! Theyz legit! Believe It! Duh! Winning! I'm Gonna Be King of the Pirates!
4	The Willy Street location is smaller, but still has a great selection. If you need something, just ask and they'll order it. Even that grumpy-looking dude will help out if you ask real nice.Most of the employees are helpful and outgoing, and will gladly suggest something. When I was getting back into reading comics, different employees helped guide me to what I might like. Now I'm a regular and couldn't be happier.I do wish there were more collectibles at the smaller east-side location, but I understand it given the limited space. Overall, this location offers what I want/need. Check it out!
4	Westfield Comics is a small, clean shop. It's a good place to go for comics.  Besides new stuff, their selection is pretty small, but they can order pretty much anything that is available.  Everything is laid out logically and it's really easy to find things, and the workers will help you out if you ask.
2	I have been a subscription customer of westfield comics since the late 80s, with a couple of hiatus(es) while in graduate school or moving around the country. Sadly, I am canceling my standing orders due to poor customer service and failure to answer my questions via email. Its a serious decision because now I'll either have to figure out which of the dwindling number of comic stores in my area will pull titles, or find another company online. I am giving them 2 stars because up until now, I had a great experience. Kind of feels like a betrayal after approximately 25 years, but I'm a big boy with a nice income to spend with a better company with better customer service.
