5	Vitality rocks.  I've been working with Melissa for a few months and have already seen results.  I had a great nutrition session with Jen.  My wife also does personal training there, and is very happy.  No pretentiousness, just a great workout with a great staff.
5	Vitality Health and Fitness is a small gym that offers personal fitness, group fitness and fitness classes. The classes and the training programs are all varied, challenging, unique and fun. The members are positive, full of smiles and easy-going. The gym is not intimidating at all, the trainers are kind and build programs that suit your personal fitness levels, and the cost is VERY reasonable.  My husband and I have been working out with Megan, and she's a doll.  We haven't gone for very long so we'll keep you posted on the impending RESULTS!Vitality also offers nutrition and massage -- which we both plan on checking out!  The owner is delightful and easy to work with. If you have any questions or concerns about your costs or the way you are being treated, she works WITH you to ensure you are getting the level of service that you expect and that the club/program can provide. The owner is honest and respectful, fair and reasonable. I think everyone should contact this club and see if it might work for them - you won't be disappointed!
5	Great place. As one reviewer said this is NOT a meat-market. Smart trainers, great use of space and allow you to get in and get out quick with 30 minute workouts. The trainers here don't rely on machine circuits like many other gyms. At Vitality you are using dumbbells, kettlebells, TRX, barbells, medicine balls and even flipping tires or hitting the heavybag. The owner is incredibly nice, and make sure to ask for Liz if you want a trainer who is high energy and will kick your butt!
5	David has the best personal and group training sessions I have ever been in.  He customizes the training to address your bodies individual problem area and enhance your body's best feature to sculpt the perfect body.  Check him out at Vitality Fitness
5	I've been a member of Vitality for over 2years. Of all my previous gym memberships and years of teaining on my own this has been the best investment for my physical,  cardio and personal growth in health. David is an amazing trainer I continue to see results and improvement.
5	Melissa is an exceptional trainer.  10 pounds down in a little more than 4 weeks and I couldn't be more motivated to keep going.  It's not just about working out but working on nutrition and my overall well-being.  I absolutely love it.
5	Vitality is an awesome small gym in Central Phx that offers personal and group training.  I have been training here for many years with Melissa and never get bored with the work outs.  I never realized how challenging a 30 minute session could be until I started coming here!   Ask for Melissa- she's a great trainer who will encourage and support you while achieving your personal health goals.
5	If you think this small, personalized gym is just for the "big" boys, guess again. I am an average build 71 year old woman who has been working out twice a week at Vitality for 9 years. While I'm not interested in winning any body-building contests, I feel like my investment in both time and money has been well worth it and has kept me sharp and active, I have been training with Melissa for 6 years and particularly appreciate her willingness to customize my workout to my level and goals (strength and balance). She is always prepared and engaged. She also has a great sense of humor. In fact all the staff at Vitality are both focused and fun. Try it, you'll like it!
5	This is a small gym that gives personalized attention from excellent trainers.  Of course, I feel my trainer Jenn is the best but I honestly feel  all of the trainers I observe there are better than you find at most gyms.  You do not pay a membership fee & you may participate in either one on one or group sessions.  It is clean, well maintained, & the people who work there care about their clients.  It's about the client here; not the trainer's ego.  I see a cross section of ages & fitness levels so people work towards their own goals.  As a regular, you get familiar with others who train there & it's a pretty supportive & fun environment.  the owner is open to suggestion & his goal is to make this the best it can be I believe.  It is not the cheapest but they run specials & it is worth more that the mass sweat boxes.I am my best when I go regularly.
5	I am 76 years old and have been at Vitality for the past 2 years.  Before I started I had trouble with balance and was told by my physician to do core body exercises.  I first tried a local gym and then decided to get a personal trainer.  A fellow I know looked so great for his age and told me about Vitality and that's when I started to exercise vigorously three times a week.  Much of what I did was to strengthen my core.  After about 8 months my balance problem started to disappear and I have had no problems for well over a year.  I sleep better and am much stronger than any of my friends.  It has made a great difference and I plan to continue.  You can't go wrong with having a personal trainer and the folks at Vitality are all excellent.  Staying health takes a commitment and that is mutual between you and your trainer.  You can't go wrong with this small and personal gym.
5	Vitality is a great local gym.  I have been going to one on one training with Melissa.  The workout is challenging, but not intimidating.  Follow up with a massage or stretch with Jeff and you have the perfect combination!  It is always motivating.
