5	I've been going to Kristy (owner) since about 2004. She was referred to me by a co-worker who had the most beautiful blonde hair.I've been so many other places to try to get my hair that perfect shade of platinum blonde and no one has been able to do it like Kristy can. And my hair doesn't feel damaged after she does it. I don't know if it's just my hair or if she has some sort of special techinque but whatever it is, it keeps me going back! I've gone from platinum to black then back to platinum then to red, then back to black and then back to platinum more times than I can count...But no matter how dark I go she can always manage to get me back to that beautiful blonde I love.She also does awesome hair cuts and did my hair for my wedding back in 2006.I'll keep going back as long as she keeps doing hair!!!!
5	Sierra has done my hair on numerous occasions, even after I moved away from Phoenix (now that's service!!). It's not easy to bleach out dark brown roots, then get the color on them to match the rest of an already neon red head, without having a band around the hair from bleach overlap. But with her skills, my hair looked flawless. No bands or lines. She's extremely talented and professional, but still really fun to spend all that hair processing time with. Not only did my hair look amazing whenever she did a color/cut, but somehow, my hair always felt healthier when she was done with it as well.If you're looking for a stylist in the Phoenix area, I would definitely recommend you see Sierra @ Section. You can thank me later.
5	I love my stylist, Sierra K! Over the past year, I've been transitioning from red/blonde ombre, to all over red, and finally made the decision to go dark. After talking about what colors I was thinking of, and showing her a few pictures, she created a cocktail of colors for my hair that turned out exactly how I wanted. She gave me a trim and deep conditioning to spruce up these tired ends. My profile picture is the end result of her artistry. I couldn't be happier with my hair! :)
5	I love visiting Kristy.  Always a good experience and happy with the results.
5	My mom, sister, and I have been going to Kristy for years and we are never disappointed. Her prices are all reasonable and she does a spectacular job every time! From hair coloring to waxing, Kristy does it all perfectly and I would highly recommend Kristy to any of my friends. I love Kristy and have never been more pleased with a hair stylist. Section Hair Salon is such a positive and happy place. I would highly recommend it!
5	As expected I got a great cut from Sierra. Flexible hours. Good hair products. Off street parking.
5	Got a fresh cut from Zak today! Great guy. Great cut. Young kid with lots of enthusiasm. We chatted skateboarding for a while. I will be back and tell friends
