1	I cannot recommend this business. Although the owner was friendly, the workmanship was very poor. Water from rain and car wash leaks through into my car. Also my interior was damaged by this company when they removed my windshield. Definitely extremely frustrating. I have had to open up another claim with Progressive because of these issues. Not worth the hassle. Use one of their approved companies instead.
1	Its a scam!! They rise ur insurance rates without telling u claiming they can get a deal but all goes in there pocket the whole time ur paying...watch out az for all auto glass is the same...a lil crack cost u a thousand in fees!! Beware!!
1	I would give these guys 0 stars if I could, LIES, LIES, LIES!Called and book my appt a day in advance... Then the next day, waiting... waiting for them to come I call to see where they were? -- Mind you THIS IS 30 minutes after my appointment window--The guy "Santiago" on the other line a. has no clue who i am (which should have tipped me off in the first place that they were unprofessional), and b. continues to say someone called and canceled my appointment... YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME! You don't know who I am but then someone cancels my appointment and that's somehow right???AVOID at all costs, not worth your time or hassle.
5	After comparing prices throughout the valley, we decided to go with Pacific Auto Glass. Although i was hesitant after reading the previous reviews I decided to stick with them. The work was done in 45 minutes and I inspected my vehicle to make sure there weren't any damages I wasn't aware of. Although the owner said it was set and ready for me to drive around, I decided to wait a couple of hours (just to play it safe). The back of the receipt states that windows should be cracked opened for at least 24hrs after the installation to let it seal correctly and that the car shouldn't be washed or go through a car wash for at least 48hrs. And yes, I followed to rules to the T (didn't wanna risk ruining anything).I followed these rules and so far am very pleased with their work! Its been a couple of weeks now since installing the new windshield and there haven't been any leaks of any kind (its rained a couple times and I've taken it to the car wash since then. No leaks!). The owner was on time, very kind and courteous, and knew what he was doing. For the price and for how well and quickly they worked, I would definitely recommend this business to others.
