4	My first trip to El Burro, my neighborhood's new burrito shop/taqueria, was this afternoon.  I won't say much about the speed and service, which wasn't the greatest in the world, because it's really only their first day open to the public.  They had a "soft opening" last night, and their full menu isn't even in production yet.But it's worth waiting for them to work the kinks out because the food is FANTASTIC.  My husband ordered a carne asada burrito and loved it.  It was gigantic. I got the rolled potato tacos (wanted street tacos, but they aren't yet available), and they ended up being AMAZING.  I was surprised when I opened my take-out container and found four giant taquitos smothered in guacamole, pico de gallo, and cheese.  We also shared an order of chips and salsa.  Both are homemade.  Seriously, is there anything better than fresh, homemade tortilla chips straight out of the fryer?  I think not.  Heaven.  Their salsa is mild, with a cilantro-y kick.  I liked it, but ended up adding hot sauce.Right now, this is pretty much take-out only, which is fine with me since it's a block from my house.  However, the inside of the restaurant is lined with bar counters so I think they will probably add stools eventually for an eat-in option, but even now, you could stand and eat at the counter if you wanted.I am so, so excited to welcome El Burro to the neighborhood!  If you're on the north side, give them a try!
5	The Shrimp Diablo Verde burrito was excellent, and refreshingly not a huge gut bomb - the size was reasonable. In terms of tacos, I can recommend the shredded chicken, and carnitas, soft tacos; the potato one was basically a french fry taco which was too greasy for my taste (but YMMV). Similar fare to Round Corner Cantina, which is not surprising as the same people are collaborating on El Burro.I'm excited to have a lunch place like this in Pittsburgh, but wish it was in Oakland instead.
4	El Burro is a welcomed addition to the North Side. I stopped in on Saturday and tried the Carne Asada burrito and loved it. Though they were a little heavy handed on the guacamole that was fine by me because the guacamole is fantastic. The burritos are smaller than what you would get at Chipotle and I personally like that, I don't need to eat a football full of rice and beans. I'm looking forward to becoming a regular here.
5	Easily the best, most authentic Mexican street food in the city. Since moving home from the West Coast in 2009, I've been praying for a place like this to sprout up somewhere in the city. Finally!!! Authentic street tacos and only a few blocks from my house. If you're used to "enjoying" Americanized Mexican food like Chipotle or El Patron then you'll be in for a surprise here. El Burro is every bit a taco stand!!!You can't miss: the Chorizo Street Style Tacos, the TJ Dog, the Carnitas Gringo Style Tacos and the housemade chips, mild salsa and guacamole.They don't currently offer horchata but I was assured its coming in the future. Delighted!!! I can't say enough for this spot. Delicious!
5	Wow.  Seriously authentic Mexican street food in Pittsburgh.  They even have Mexican Coca-Cola (with sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup).An instant hit.  Great for a bite when you're visiting the National Aviary or Children's Museum on the north side.
1	I was so excited to try El Burro because I like the round corner so much. Well it's sad to say I do not feel the same way about this place. I had the shrimp burrito, the contents were soupy. As u could imagine it was very sloppy and runny. I ordered chips & guac as well. How could you go wrong there. I got home and opened the bag to see the chips were drenched in oil. I mean like everytime I touched a chip my fingers were glistening! I will post a pick of the bag of chips an 2hours later. i love homemade chips but they need to lay these out in a draining bin before they bag them. Very disappointing. Maybe the were just having an off day, but I don't know if I will gather the courage to try again.
5	Thank God - actual street tacos here in Pittsburgh!  A friend caught this place on Yelp and got me and an officemate here for lunch.  What a great find.I have been longing for street tacos since a couple of trips to Cancun and then finding a taco stand in Michigan of all places that did an amazing job with them.  Here, they are about $2.50 each and a choice of shredded beef, carne asada, shredded chicken, potato and chorizo.  I think I may have missed an option or two but they are perfect.Just the right amount of meat, on two freshly made corn tortillas with a delicious pico de gallo and two hot sauces on the side with a slice of lime - you are set.  I got 3 street tacos (shredded beef, carne asade and shredded chicken) and a fountain drink for a little under $10.  Just the right amount of food and it was fast.There are just a handful of seats and a lunch counter that runs all along the wall.  If you expect to eat in, get there before noon like we did.  Otherwise, not sure how the tacos will make the trip back to your home or office.The others with me went with the burrito of shredded chicken and the extra $1 for guacamole.  They enjoyed their selection but both were a little disappointed with the light spread of guac on their burrito.  Other than that, this place was a crowdpleaser!Maybe I'll branch out and try some of the other offerings.  But maybe not for a while until I get tired of their street tacos - this has been a long time coming to see a craving being satiated!
4	Good Mexican-inspired Mexican-ish food.  Not owned by actual Latin folks but rather, 2 guys from San Diego, apparently.  The carne asada burrito to me, is the best burrito on the menu and the guacamole was executed very nicely (so hit or miss at most PGH area  Mexican eateries - even the Mexican-run ones...)The chips were delicious , the salsas were not so good - very thin - obvious they are cutting corners on the salsa .  No bueno  !Parking is tricky as it's right on Federal Street .  watch your back, at night . friend of mine was held up / mugged near here awhile ago .I'll be back for more burritos ...
5	I love this place!  The staff is super friendly and the food is good.  Yes, it's a little pricey...but if you want cheap/mediocre/quasi-Mexican, you should go to Taco Bell around the corner.  My favorites:  shredded beef hard shell tacos, shrimp diablo burrito, and the carne asada fries.  I don't mind that there's only counter seating - Federal Street is not somewhere you want to sit and eat, anyway (not much in the way of a view and there's still some sketchy characters roaming about - the area is improving greatly and undergoing a renaissance of sorts).  I always phone in my order and pick it up on my way home from work.  I've never waited and never had a wrong/messed up order.  It's consistently fresh and yummy :-)  So glad El Burro is in my neighborhood!
4	Great Carne Asada burritos here. That's all I need with any mexican spot. Doesn't hurt that they have great customer service and I think the best salsa in town.
5	I'd like to make my deep love for El Burro known. I would write love letters to these incredible tacos if I wasn't fearful of spilling salsa on them. What a fantastic neighborhood find, thanks again to Yelp!Lots of vegetarian choices and variations of those choices. The potato tacos are mouth watering, with flaky flour tortillas, fresh veggies, and chunks of potatoes cooked in some magical spice that makes me crave them nightly. The rolled potato tacos are a surprisingly huge portion of 4 taquito type goodies with loads of cheese and fresh pico. There are tons of different burrito options, I think 11 in all, many vegetarian or having veggie friendly possibilities. Oh, and some have french fries, which makes my inner fat kid squeal with delight and feel naughty at the same time. I adore that they have vegan chorizo and the breakfast burrito is definitely worth tasting, even though those potato tacos are difficult to pass up! El Burro has the best salsa I've ever tasted. I guess this is controversial since other reviewers seem to find it too thin or even runny. I don't care about chunks, apparently, just flavor. And this stuff has it! Perfect amount of kick to compliment those homemade chips. The guacamole is good, although they don't give you much of it on the side. They carry Mexican Coke (sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup) and other south of the border bottled beverages which only adds to the El Burro vibe and experience.This is primarily a take out joint, although I suppose you could eat there if you wanted. There just isn't much seating, just a handful of stools at a couple counters. Order at the counter or call ahead. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable. And it's cheap! $2.95 per taco, $5-$6 for rolled tacos, $6.95 for burritos, $2.95 for chips and a huge container of salsa. I'm so delighted to have El Burro as my new neighbor. Definitely crave-worthy food has come to Federal Street, and I could not be happier!
4	Every time I eat here I wonder why I don't do it more. The food is fantastic! It's simple, delicious and best of all, close to home! Oh, and don't forget to try to the Carne Asada Fries, Fries never tasted so good!
4	LOVE. Seriously, this place is delish.We've been eating El Burro once a week for the last couple of months and we're not even close to being sick of it - if anything, we're becoming even more addicted.The breakfast burrito (with chorizo added) is the most insanely delicious thing I've eaten in a long time - eggs, a few fries (because why not?) salsa, spicy chorizo, all wrapped in a tasty tortilla. Rich and filling enough to share. The chicken soft tacos are consistently good, with slow-cooked white and dark meat and a thick green sauce. Topped with onions and cilantro, the only thing that makes them better is a squeeze from the lime wedge that comes alongside.Finally, the chips and salsa steal the show, in my opinion. Chips are actual deep-fried flour tortillas (presumably their leftovers) with just the right amount of salt. They're flakey and oily and oh so good. The salsa is thin (which I love) and bright and fresh tasting - a good counterpoint to the richness of the chip.Highly recommended. Local delivery service is a bonus for those of us living on the North Side.
3	This is a hip and casual little mexican place, great for grabbing a quick bite to eat, especially if you're not wanting to spend much.  I'm not sure (and don't really care) how authentic it is.  The street tacos were good and better than anything I've had at Chipotle.  El Burro deserves to thrive but I hope it never branches out as a chain because I think that's exactly what really sets it apart from shitty alternatives like Taco Bell.  There's a reason food served by aloof teenagers and generally people who just don't give a fuck remind us we usually get what we pay for, but El Burro is the exception to that rule.
3	El Burro was basically my last stop in Pittsburgh and I had an awesome time laughing with some friends and eating a mediocre burrito. I got a plain bean and cheese burrito. The cheese was good but the beans were sort of off. I think they had a spice in them that I'm not used to being in refried beans. It reminded me of the beans at Tito's Tacos in LA. Not bad just sort of funky. I was super excited that they had Jarritos. yum.My friend accidentally ordered a burrito with pico in it and when she realized she asked them, politely, if they could keep it off. Well it was already made and she was very apologetic but still asked if they could make another one. Obviously this sucks for them and they weren't rude about it but they did keep trying to get her to take the one with pico. I know it's a pain to have to remake something, I do get that, but it just started to get kind of weird. The kept saying, "Are you sure you don't like pico? when was the last time you had it? Don't want to try it again?" Yeah, she made a mistake and it's inconvenient and again, they weren't rude, but by the time he finally acquiesced he could have finished the burrito already. It's an okay burrito but there's room for improvement.
4	*This is based on a review that had been written a couple of weeks ago.  I've been back since and I stand by what I originally wrote, but I now think it deserves 4 stars rather than 3.  That's the only revision.
2	I couldn't resist stopping in again today after my trip to the library.  It's just a few doors down and this is the kind of place I don't mind going to when I'm by myself.  Hope that makes sense.I'm chalking this up to an isolated ''meh' experience, but the food was just off today.  I still loved the soft tortillas of the street tacos but it was the filling that wasn't quite right. Today, I got what I paid for - cheap tasting food.  Maybe I should lower my expectations for El Burro just a little and it will seem better again.
4	Full disclosure, I have not actually been in the El Burro establishment - I've only had food delivered to my desk at work. I can't comment on the appearance or state of the actual building.I CAN say, though, that wooooow, these guys make big things! It's a silly line to type, I know, but I ordered one burrito that was about $6 or $7, and it was massive - as big as and maybe bigger than a Chipotle burrito. I didn't even eat dinner that day, I was still so full from lunch!I'd ordered the shredded beef burrito and I really liked it; the rice had been mixed in with vegetables that had been marinated in a mildly flavored sauce, so it had the teeniest of spicy kicks. I'm not a big spice person so I thought it was reasonable and mild enough that I still enjoyed it. My only complaint is that whoever made the burrito did not evening distribute the meat. I bit into one corner and thought, "Wow, I have a ton of shredded beef on this thing!" And I was in heaven - that beef with the rice and veggies? Awesome! Alas, 3/4 to the end of the burrito, the meat trail ended, and I only found a few wisps of beef at the very end. It was still delicious eating the rice and veggies, but I would've loved to have more even distribution since the beef was the best part. Since people at work order here frequently I'm sure I'll have the chance to try more on this menu soon - if it's as good as the burrito was, I'm sure I won't have many complaints. I definitely recommend El Burro!
4	Let me tell you, I really don't have a lot of motivation to write this review at this moment.  Why?  Because I just ate a big ol' burrito from El Burro and I'm about to pass out.Wow.  Tasty.  The rice, bean and cheese burrito hit the spot.  I impulsively made the decision to drive over from the East End after work to check out this place.  Glad I did.  What you'll find when you get here is a small take-out establishment that's pretty bare bones both in terms of decor, space and menu options.  You could chose to sit and eat here, though I wouldn't plan on it during peak hours as seating is limited.  What it lacks in appearance and food variety is more than made up for in execution.  I found my burrito to be 1.) gigantic 2.) fresh 3.) incredibly tasty and 4.) nicely appointed with hot-sauce that was actually hot.  Woah.I'm docking one star because there is an extra charge for guacamole on your burrito.  That's a bunch of BS.  For what it's worth, the guac is indeed amazing.  Some of the best I've had in the city.  Nevertheless, it's a crime to charge extra for such a thing, especially with a burrito that's already priced at $7.
2	Not fresh, heavy food. Love Mexican
5	So far best mexican in pittsburgh. recently moved to the area from chicago where you can get quality mexican food down the street. The rolled tacos keep me coming back for more! They have a delicious green sauce over top of them and are nice and crispy. The nice thing about this place is the staff are friendly and the prices are good. Their fish tacos, also amazing.
5	The first thing we did when we came to Pittsburgh was look for a good Mexican place. We're not talking about texmex, but California burritos, carne asada fries, etc.. and el burro is the place. Not only do we come here to get our SoCal Mexican food fix, but we've ordered 80 tacos for a party before and they did a great job with them. Delicious!
4	I LOVE MEXICAN.Now that we've established that, let me tell you El Burro's tacos are delish. Makes sense as this is the sister site to Round Corner Cantina. I'll admit to having only tried the tacos ... and only two of the tacos ... but the carne asada is so good! I finally broke down and tried the shrimp tacos which were so, so, so, so good. The people who work there are really friendly, too. Probably helped that when they first opened I visited 3 days in a row. I don't know how much I can say in this review that hasn't already been said (small place, not much seating, mainly take-out). There's also the small problem of me ordering the same thing over and over again.
4	As a vegetarian, I'm always on the look out for new delicious options. Also, as a huge fan of Mexican food, I've been dying for a California-style meal that didn't disappoint. As a result, El Burro is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh and the epic poems I would write in honor of their rice, bean, and cheese burrito would feature whole stanzas about how delicious their rice is or how the only thing that comes close to comparing is their nachos with soyrizo. It may end with a battle between the nachos and burritos where everyone wins and celebrates with delicious and fresh Mexican food.Also, El Burro needs to deliver to the East End so I can eat it all of the time and attain my wish of always having easy access to delicious burritos.
5	Do you have a good taco in your life? If the answer is no, you should really find one. They're great to have around. Tasty, savory, delicious tacos. YUM....And I have so many different tacos in my life. I don't care about the argument of what is authentic or not. Maybe it's that I've lived in Western PA my whole life, but you know what? I'm okay with that. Because my taste buds dance when they hit my lips!So El Burro. My latest love affair! It's easy to love considering I love their sister restaurant, Cantina in Lawrenceville. But something is different. Maybe it's that I can actually see my taco (considering it's so freakin' dark in Cantina!). Maybe it's that they seem a little bigger. Or a little more thought thrown into them. I don't know... but they may have been even better!I ordered the shrimp tacos in a pair for $8 and they were just fresh and grilled perfectly. With incredible corn tortillas. Drool. Best decision I made (along with my taco choice) was getting the chips, salsa and gauc. Oh man. It's a huge portion! I took everything home and ate it again the next day! Happy Birthday to me (note, it's not actually my birthday, but it felt that good!).
4	Stopped in with family during trip to Pittsburgh. Great menu, good prices. Had the potato rolled tacos. Homemade chips and freshly made salsa. Good place for vegetarians. Next time I definitely must try the vegan chorizo. Highly recommend.
5	When it comes to Pittsburgh, one thing we haven't really been able to perfect is the Tex Mex/Mex/South of the Border/Whatever you want to call it experience. I don't mean to knock Mad Mex, Emiliano's, Veracruz (RIP), Mi Ranchito, etc., etc.--sure, Las Palmas has a solid taco stand, and sure, Bea's in the South Side provides a nice experience, but something has always been missing...until now.El Burro caters to that deep longing that every burrito lover has yet doesn't know exists. El Burro makes Qdoba laughable, puts Chipotle to shame, and hits you smack in the face with what a real burrito should taste like. The guy who runs the place makes his own hot sauces, which are pretty dope. If you need hotter, he buys some pretty good hot sauces you can use, too. The carne asada French fries come loaded with everything you didn't know you wanted on French fries, and the chips are fresh and delicious.Now, it isn't the Mission or anything, but it's damn reminiscent. And if you don't want a pop with corn syrup, they also sell Mexican Coke (made with cane sugar for that real, rot-your-teeth-in-the-best-ways adventure).
3	They used to have the best steak tacos in Pittsburgh until they swapped out the real chunks of steak to basically Taco Bell meat. I was extremely disappointed when I learned of this transition. I actually have not returned since... Still good food besides substituting the best tacos they had. I have to give it 3 stars because that was the only thing I really kept me coming back. Disappointed :-/
5	We arrived 10 mins before closing and the woman at the counter was helpful and friendly and let us finish our meal while she cleaned up. The burritos were awesome. We got the spicy shrimp and the chili rellano (great idea for a burrito). Both were awesome. They also have a rotating vegan special daily and vegetarian beans. We were jut visiting Pittsburgh but will definitely make it a stop every time we come through. Friendly, fast and really good!
4	Pretty much everything Lindsay B. said, with a couple of qualms.I started off with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The chips were a bit stale, but had a delicious flavor nonetheless. You could tell they were homemade. The default salsa was AMAZING, perfectly spicy, and you get a pretty big container of it. The guacamole kind of irked me. I don't know if it had too much lime and was sitting around for a few days, or not enough spice, or a combination of the three, but something was off about the flavor, and it tasted too limey. I'll have to give it another shot next time and hopefully I just got part of an off batch.I then moved onto refried beans and some rice. The refried beans with queso blanco were just right. The rice was really bothersome. It was bland and had a green bean in it. Green beans do not belong in Mexican rice, which makes me suspect that the rice came from a frozen rice mix or something.And now for the stars of the show...The potato taco (street style). Holy shizz, this thing was absolutely mouthwatering! I am pretty sure that I am going to start having dreams about this taco. I also got a vegan soyrizo street taco, which was perfectly spicy and smoky. And as if I didn't already have enough food, I also got a shredded chicken street taco. The meat was tender and moist, and tasted like good chicken should when it is minimally spiced and cooked properly. Oh, and they are very generous with cilantro on everything. That alone gives them like, 100 points. There isn't much to say about the restaurant itself, it's tidy and small with minimal seating.Overall, come here. Come eat lots of chips and salsa and then stuff yourself with some great tacos.I'm pretty excited for my next visit, where I plan on trying the flying saucer (whatever it is, I am intrigued), a Tijuana Street dog, burritos (even though i'm definitely more of a taco person), and a hardshell taco (shrimp, perhaps?). Good job El Burro, 8.5/10 in my book. Pretty damn good for Pittsburgh Mexican food.
3	Where is the real Mexican food in Pittsburgh? I came here because its in my neighborhood and someone posted a pic of the carne asada fries and I knew those had my name written all over them. I had the diablo shrimp burrito. Surprise! Tomatoes in your burrito! I'm not a fan of raw tomatoes and I could have done without that surprise. The shrimp was so so spicy but on a whole the burrito was bland. I also ordered the carne asada fries which are great in theory but lacked seasoning. Would I come back? Sure, you gotta support neighborhood businesses. But next time I'll try the tacos.
3	Meh. That's my description based on my first visit. I have been wanting to try El Burro for quite a while since the place is literally just a few blocks away. I love LOVE Mexican food. Usually you can find me salivating over the menus of Casa Renya, El Campesino, Chipotle, etc. You get the point.  I finally tried it out this afternoon for lunch and decided on the Carnitas Burrito. My significant other ordered the chile relleno burrito. Upon holding the burrito, I was impressed - it felt like a significant portion. When I took it out of the foil it looked good, lightly grilled even, and smelled nice. Then I cut it in half, and rice spilled out everywhere. I looked - where's the meat? Upon further inspection and subsequent eating I found the meat, but not very much. And to boot - it tasted like it wasn't seasoned at all. Very bland. All that weight of the burrito? Pretty much all white rice with a couple of corn kernels and peas and TWO cilantro leaves.... And it all tasted like... well, nothing! I had to drown it in my hot sauce here at home.  At other establishments I can barely eat an entire burrito. Here, I ate the whole thing and was very disappointed, especially after reading all these rave reviews and the price point. Now, I did have a bite of my husband's Chile Relleno burrito, and it was more flavorful than mine, but of course a pepper like that is going to have more flavor than what I had. He said it was just ok, and that for the price he expected a bit more inside the burrito other than the mass quantity of rice. I don't see myself being a regular here. Too pricy for too much rice and very little flavor.
5	The best shredded beef tacos.  The shells are excellent and the beef is tasty. Havent had tacos this good since the old Tacos Shop in Etna.
5	I want to eat El Burro's chile relleno burrito everyday! So tasty, and it's already all chopped up in there, so you don't need a knife and fork like with most chile relleno dishes. Great guac, too.
4	I just moved here from the southwest and the tacos at El Burro tasted like home, I had a street carne asada taco and a shredded beef taco. They were so good they made me home sick! I was hoping salsa would have more of a kick, But this place has a cool vibe and I would be stoked to eat here again
5	Their burritos put Chipotle and Qdoba to shame. They are seriously delicious. I live on the Northside and this is one of my standard, go-to restaurants
1	As a first time customer i asked the clerk about the menu. I was the only client and the clerk was extremely short. The burrito was bland at best and a basic side such as lettuce and tomato was extra expense.I do not recommend el burro, you might as well go to taco bell...its cheaper
5	Love this place. I don't often go to the north side, but when I do, I make a point of stopping over at El Burro (or Nicky's Thai, if that's what I'm in the mood for). Simple but excellent burritos that are better than the ones they serve at Round Corner Cantina (same owners). No frills, but delicious.I'm a big fan of the shrimp burritos, but really, you can't go wrong with any of them. And very reasonably priced! Definitely get the chips... they aren't necessarily freshly fried right there and then, but they are definitely fried on premises, and are addictive.
3	As much as I wanted to like this place, I have to say I really thought the food was overrated and overpriced. First of all, I wish there were more places to sit inside. They could have really perked this place up with a sit-in area- however, obviously the space is small and carry-out is pretty much the only way to go here. I have to say the food was good, but as other people have said the quality is not much of a step-up compared to the Taco Bell down the road. I got a rice and beans burrito, which was almost 6 bucks. The fact that even lettuce and tomato are extra ad-ons is ridiculous. I don't think I've ever seen that in any comparable food chain/restaurant. As other people have said as well, the people behind the counter were not very friendly. There is a fine line between fast service with no bullshit attitude and rudeness, and the couple of people who took my order there were right on the line. I do have to recommend trying their home-made salsa that they offered me, although there is almost no spice to it. Bottom line, one should go to the Taco Bell a few blocks away for similar quality food at a cheaper price.
1	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Not satisfying at allChiliquilllies were plain nasty. Soggy chips with green sauce. Waste of $8Beans have no flavor. No salt, no garlic, pepper or onions.My cheese in the bean and cheese burrito wasn't melted. Nothing beats a Taco Bell bean burrito Shredded beef taco was the best.Carne asada burrito was full of onions from guacamole and the meat chunks were chewy, tasteless and too bigThe fresh salsa was made from  un ripened tomatoes, had no heat or cilantro Too bad the $8 per burrito locks you into buying the whole thing.Casta rasa, round corner cantina and the taco stand in front of Reyna foods has way better casual tacosThey charge for chips and salsa. Chips look double fried because they are very greasyyA waste of $35 and the food left a bad taste in our mouths
4	Not sure if the burro has gone downhill, or if I just hit it on an off night, but I wasn't nearly as impressed as before on my last visit. I had the shrimp diablo burrito, which I've had in the past, but this time it was just kind of meh. The carnitas tacos were still delicious however, and the guacamole is quite good. The chips are way too greasy in my opinion, but that's not super surprising since they're homemade. In the future, I think I'd stick to the tacos here, rather than the namesake burritos.
5	I love their shrimp diablo burrito. Don't forget to add extras. I like it with lettuce, tomato, guacamole and cheese. Amazing! Not a ton of seating, but I usually get it to go since I'm within walking distance. A definite gem in the neighborhood!
4	I got two words. "Tijuana. Hotdog." It is a delightful, gravity defying, awe inspiring, bacon wrapped pork stick, deep fried, and lovingly dressed with diced tomatoes, onions, and jalapenos.  I shared one with my wife, thinking that it would be too heavy and greasy to have along with my meal.   I deeply regret offering to do so.    It was so good I wanted it all to myself!I expected to fall into a deep coma after eating it, but I felt energetic and lively.  Could it have been the bacon induced hypertension kicking it?  Quite possibly, but it tasted much lighter and less greasy than I would have expected.  I also enjoyed a shrimp diablo burrito and my wife got fish tacos which were all excellent.  Normally  I associate Sriracha with asian food.  My shrimp weren't as spicy as their name would suggest, so I gave their Sriracha a try and it complemented the Mexican food perfectly.  They also have house made sauces which were good, but get a few as the containers are small.It's a bit of a hole, light on atmosphere, but generous with great freshly made, inventive Mexican food, low prices, friendly knowledgeable staff, and every reason to come again soon.  Only a donkey would not love El Burro!
3	Come on El Burro, I love your food but went in today for lunch and could hardly eat, the place is disgusting it smelt like it had been washed down with a dirty dish rag.  Not very appetizing.  I have seen it much better guys and I hate to give you a mediocre rating but if this keeps up I doubt I will be able to stomach it.
3	Stopped in again the other day for a quick lunch after a trip to the Mattress Factory.  My original sentiments about this place were completely restored.  Good food and good service.  Nice job Wes!
5	I've found the only place in Pittsburgh where  you can get a California burrito. Delicious!
5	I must say I gave el burro another chance today ( my daughter talked me in to it ) and I was soo happy !  The food was its usual awesome and the place smelt and looked appetizing! Thank you El Burro for stepping up ! Raising my rating to 5 stars and I will be back :)
3	The place has good food, but WAY OVER PRICED for the quanity.  If you feel like paying $8.00 for 3 baby finger sized tacos then be their guest. I can't remember the last time that I spent $50.00 for lunch for myself and a women sitting on a stool at a counter with NO alcohol involved. Way over priced for what you get.  I'll stick to Las Palmas for my tacos.
2	So I initially ate here and it was my favorite place to get some authentic Mexican burritos that reminded me of California and Arizona. However, I started noticing a decline in the quality of food they started turning out. The salsa was awesome in the beginning, but later it was watered down - and lacked spice. Were they trying to skimp out on ingredients and make their product last longer, or the salsa was not refrigerated and just went bad? Who knows...
5	Yes!  Finally great Mexican food in the burgh!  Had the fish tacos they were good,  my wife had the shredded chicken taco it was melt in your mouth good! I have to return to try the rest of the menu.
1	Please bring back the old shrimp tacos. The new tacos make no sense from a culinary standpoint, taste bitter, and are greasy. The older recipe nicely combined soft corn tortillas with fresh sweet corn, succulent shrimp, and cilantro. These new ones are apparently a "fajita style taco" (huh?)  loaded with greasy fried onions, bitter peppers, and lime wedges. It's an assault to the taste buds, very unappealing, and nonsensical.
4	El Burro is one of the best Mexican street food places in the city. The carne asada fries are amazing as is the Tijuana dog. The tacos are hit or miss (sometimes can be underseasoned), but they are usually still pretty good. Great place for take out or eating at one of the little counters inside.
4	El Burro has some of the best burritos in Pittsburgh. Also, their chips & salsa is awesome. Their chips taste homemade & their salsa is homemade & has just the right amount of spice (not too spicy). I love their breakfast burrito which comes with egg, cheese, fries & pico. I tried their potato taco & fish taco one time & I wasn't really impressed. The tacos were kind of dry & not a lot of flavor. I'll stick with their burritos. Highly recommend El Burro.
4	I get the beef burrito and it has been consistently good. It's on the small, relative to say, chipotle, and much better. They're grilled to give a nice crunch. The chips and salsa are tasty and homemade. Overall, the price is a bit high but the food is good.
5	It used to be that there were no Mexican places in Pittsburgh besides vera cruz in oakland and mad mex. Madonnas was closed already. Suddenly there were many Mexican joints all around the burgh. El burro has actual Mexican cooks and is run by a San Diego beach boy ,Mexican food enthusiast. I love El burro. Everything i have ever eaten from here is great. Its a great place to take a vegan or vegetarian on a computer dating meet up destination. Also its really close to downtown and they deliver on fridays and saturdays.  El burro is tight. El burro is a hip place. The food is killer . Viva El Burro
