4	I am writing this review for any prospective students that are looking around at different esthetics schools. I was in school with G Skin from Apr 3rd, 2012 to December 18th, 2012.Let me tell you how the process and everything was for me. Signing up was definitely an easy process with Karen. I made the mistake of picking a different school that I attended for a mere 4 hours. That school was so terrible that I came back the next day to withdraw and then signed up with G Skin the same day. Then I went to my first class that night. I will tell you now that my instructors Mr. Paul and Ms. Saundra knew what they were talking about when it came to skincare. What made this school stand out was that they teach you microdermabrasion and you learn with the machine hands on. The schedule is VERY flexible making it great for people who are working or are mothers. They offer morning schedules as well as night schedules, which was a huge + for me when I was looking around for schools because I work the day shift. You need to be there for a minimum of 12 hours a week. Making up hours is easy, just ask your instructor which classes/days you may come make up hours on and they will let you know. There is a finger print scanner for you to punch in with and they use Millenium as their software of choice. Honestly, learning IS your responsibility because the materials are there. If you are proactiv in class and want to be hands on, then be it. They will not chase you around and babysit you to make sure that you are constantly doing your work or working on clients because we're adults. The girls who came just to clock in and sit there to get hours got back exactly what they put in.. NOTHING. At the exact mark of 150 hours, you can work on clients and that is exactly what I did until the end of the year. The schooling is by syncs, for example: Sync 1 can be basic facials, basic massage, organic products, etc... So when you enroll in the middle of a sync, or miss one then it sucks because it won't come around for awhile. However, ask any of the instructors how to do something and I promise, they WILL show you or make a demo out of it.. just be persistent lol. The freshman side is where you will be doing the majority of your book work and learning for the written exam so pay attention! The senior side is for practice practice practice. Might as well make all of your mistakes in school because after school, it's the real world and YOUR license is on the line. If you aren't too sure of yourself about something, practice it over and over again.Cons: - We were constantly low on supplies. This might also be due to the fact that some students had sticky fingers lol. But still! The amount of money we pay for school, we should have some supplies. There are certain protocols for facials and when you don't have the appropriate cleanser or serum then it defeats the purpose.- Students. It is FRUSTRATING when only a certain small number of people are always putting in work. On the senior side, clients are given out by rotation so sometimes the girl before you will be MIA when it is her turn or she will just flat-out refuse to do it. That means you will constantly be working on clients, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but when you have to turn in projects or want to study for the next exam, it's terrible. - I'm not going to lie, they need to be stricter on making sure that EVERYONE does their part. Whether it be in sanitation, group projects, client rotation, etc.. We can't be responsible for calling each other out on it. -Constantly changing rules about anything and everything. Tip #1: Befriend some cosmo girls so that you guys could exchange services :) Tip #2: Bring your friends or family in here to receive services from you! They will be able to get a discount even though prices are already pretty low since you're a student.Overall, I am VERY HAPPY that I chose this school. Mr. Paul & Ms. Saundra are wonderful instructors. Plus, the way that they teach you how to pack your kit for stateboard (which is basically the purpose for going to school) trumps everyone else's kits. I recently took my stateboard practical examination and there were girls there struggling or not being able to set up within the time limit because their kits were so unorganized. All of the girls from G Skin's kits were basically flawless.
2	I came here for a mani/pedi (I had purchased a Groupon)  after trying to call them multiple times to set up an appointment no one picked up... So I just walked in (on a Friday)  two ladies worked on me at the same time one did my feet and the other did my hands... I asked for a French manicure for my hands and she said she wasn't a nail tech and wasn't sure if she was allowed to do it... hearing this made me uneasy but she proceeded anyway.. I had clear polish on my hands from before and she said it wouldn't come off ... She made my hands bleed ... Literally... I have never felt such pain while getting a manicure ... She used all the wrong equipment for my mani I could have done a better job blindfolded... I didn't know french was so difficult ... My pedicure was awesome though (hence the extra star) and another star for prices the place is dirt cheap... But just a tip don't go on a Friday because there are no nail techs around... (Strange right?!) maybe if someone answered the phone i could have known this ahead of time ...anyway I usually give second chances ( prepare for an update) because I would like to try a gel mani from here ($15)
5	To start off, I am a student at G Skin. I can honestly say that I have never felt so comfortable and excited to go to school all the time. I go to evening classes and the teacher Miss Malory is AMAZING. She is an amazing teacher and has so many skills that she is willing to show you. She does hair and makeup and is all about fashion. Quote by her, "Isn't it awesome to make people beautiful?" She is a sweetheart and will never hesitate with helping me or answering the many questions I ask. To add, I sometimes have Miss Angela, and she too is a sweetheart. This school is worth it, I feel welcomed. The way they teach you is awesome and how they are always there to help.If I could put more stars, I would. Also, the kit that you get isn't the same anymore, WAY better equipment!!
4	Used a Groupon coupon for spa manicure & pedicure ($15).  Dana did an excellent job except when she nicked my toe pushing back cuticle.  I will just put some antibiotic ointment on it.  She was very meticulous and took her time.
3	The only reason I am giving this school three stars is because of the instructors! All of the instructors except for the nail instructor are great they all know what they are talking about and are very knowledgable and willing to share it with you!The nail instructor is rude and acts as if she is so above you. She really needs to get off her high horse because we pay her salary!The reason I am not giving this school five stars is because they are always out of product. We never have shampoo, color or towels. Also when you go for the como program they do not allow you to use the pedicure chairs even if your client requests them we have to tell our clients no which is so unprofessional and it isn't the teachers fault but the nail tech teacher doesn't make it better she is so rude about it. I just think it is very sad that we pay 22,000 dollars to go to school here and we can't use the cheap pedicure chairs they have and we are always out of products which aren't even name brand, the products are GSkin brand whatever that means! I didn't look around before I signed up for school so if you are looking to go to cosmetology school do your research and choose wisely!!!
3	This review is from the view of a currently enrolled aesthetics student. I have a lot of pros and cons with this school, and I actually did my homework and toured multiple schools before deciding. I went with G Skin and Beauty Institute because they offer a laser program at their Arizona locations for $2500 for students. I was going to enroll at Aveda Institute but I felt this school would better me in the direction of my career. The first thing I have to say is how amazing the instructors are. Reading the previous reviews I'm unsure who were the instructors at their time of enrollment, but Miss Carol who has been in the medical field of esthiology for 15+ years and worked for many high end spas is such a wonderful person and full of so much knowledge! Also the senior teachers are extremely knowledgable. I don't think I would be enjoying my time here if it wasn't for these three instructors. The second pro is the schools flexibility with hours and scheduling. I am full time which is Tuesday-Friday 9-5, and if I need to make up any hours I can stay late (until 10) or come in on Saturday. I find this wonderful as life doesn't stop happening, and it's one less stress added. Now the cons. As plenty of the previous reviewers stated, the lack of supplies is sad and the quality of towels and sheets are SCARY. So scary that I hope the owners of this institute are reading this and will do something about it. I understand that we are STUDENTS but when the quality is so bad that our instructor purchases her entire class room a new set of towels, you know something is wrong. We later found that the hot water on the washer was NOT on! HEALTH CODE VIOLATION. As for the kits, I have witnessed multiple students not receive their supplies in the time that they were told they would, leaving students to purchase their own supplies! It's an outrage! WHY are we even paying a tuition if it's including NOTHING.  I'm purchasing my own towels, extractors, facial brushes, skin care products, just to ensure that I have them every day and they are sanitary! WHY IS THIS A PROBLEM?! The school also has wonderful machines including Diamond Microdermabrasion, galvanic, high frequency, vc shower, and lots of rooms to practice out of. Complaints ? A lot of our machines are broken ex: Steamers. We aren't able to practice our facial protocols properly because there are maybe two steamers, normally one, that float around. Again, I'm spending 15k and I cannot learn to use a steamer? Almost every mag.light is broken and unable to adjust properly leaving esthy students frustrated during client facials. How can you use an instrument that won't function properly? If you're looking to work at a spa after your enrollment I would suggest attending Aveda Institute which is a luxurious, spa like school. However if you're like me and want to be more medical (laser) I would suggest attending this school simply for their laser program. Again, the instructors are really what make this school worth going. Miss Carol is full of so much information and the level of skill they all have is astounding!
1	I went to get a facial and don't expect perfect because it is a school but when I went in the room and pulled back the sheet, there were grease or oil stains on the sheets, plus the blanket and upper sheet both felt oily and dirty.  They are learning about proper technique and sanitation but putting on oily sheets does not meet standards
1	Worst customer service from front desk and guy manager. We arrived one hour and 15 minutes before closing. They said they have closed and stopped taking customers.  I said their menu and website says they take last customers one hour before they close.  They said they have to do sanitations 30 min. before they close so they can't take customers. Still, that's 45 min. left to do a simple scalp treatment for me and mani gel-fillings for my gf.  Without apologizing, they said to come back next time.  Wow, what a waste of time!  They need to put this on their website so everyone would know.
5	I have been to this school multiple times for all different services. I have never had any trouble. Any issues that occurred (since it is in fact a school and the students are learning) were resolved quickly and professionally. I read some of the other reviews and would like people to know that all though this school nor any other school is not perfect, this school offers services that other schools do not. Specifically microdermabrasion and use of steamers (other school use warm towels only). Communication is key when going for services, remind the student of any issue you have or seek an instructor.  Overall I do not know any other place you can receive spa services at these low prices and highly recommend G Skin and Beauty.
