2	This afternoon I stopped into a new Berrygood shop in my neighborhood. I saw the sign that read "Grand Opening," and it called to me for some odd reason. Suddenly I was back in junior high school enjoying strawberry frozen yogurt in a strawberry waffle cone. Ahhh .... Which is so odd because for the most part I think frozen yogurt tastes like underachieving ice-cream. But, I do have a romanticized memory of TCBY.When I walked into Berrygood, my first thought was, 'Well, this certainly isn't TCBY.'I must have looked stunned because a bright and energetic young girl hopped right over to me and asked if this was my first time in."Yes ...."I got the tour. Basically, all of the frozen yogurt machines are out front and are self-serve. Next, there is a topping bar. Your customized creation is weighed. The huge sign over the back wall reads, "$0.39 per ounce."The yogurt flavors were strawberry, raspberry, mango, (a few other berry-type flavors I cannot recall), green tea, and "premium." To be honest when I saw the word "premium" I thought of gasoline. I asked the girl, "So, it's just plain yogurt?" "Well, the rest are sweet, and this one is more tart. All of the other flavors have the premium as a base."So, yes .... plain  yogurt. But cold.She gave me a sample cup and spoon, and I was able to serve myself samples of whatever I wanted. I tried the mango and the strawberry. They were both good but not what I was expecting at all. This wasn't TCBY ... Instead of being creamy, it was, well ... It tasted like half-melted actually frozen yogurt. You know, like if you were to freeze your Yoplait and then let it defrost about 75%. The girl told me it was healthier than other frozen treats, but she didn't explain why. The minimal signage on the walls shouted, "No Fat! Fewer Calories!"Of course, you can kill that statement with the topping bar. The assortment ranged from M&Ms and crushed Oreos to dried fruits and almond slivers. I decided to go for a smoothie. I had to hurry, so I needed something that I could easily consume in the car. I ordered the triple berry smoothie which consisted of yogurt (not the premium, but another kind of harder yogurt), ice, fresh strawberries (not frozen) and I think raspberries and blueberries ... and strawberry juice. I watched her make it. I felt bad for her .... It was awkward. My smoothie was less smooth and more icy than I like .... though I probably like things that are fatty and bad for me. I don't know that I'll visit Berrygood again. It really wasn't berry good. And .... While I was there I picked up a pamphlet and noticed a spelling error: "comming soon."It bugged me.Then later tonight I went to the website to try to find the address of this new shop (on the corner of Estrella Pkwy and McDowell) and I found MORE errors:"Store Lacation" "Lake Habasu""Happy Balley"The former English teacher in me shudders ....
1	After sampling the "premium" flavor at the Berry Good location in Peoria, I walked out w/o purchasing anything because it was not tart. I asked the worker if they planned on carrying tart flavors and she said they tried it a few weeks before, but it didn't sell well.. so no. Fast forward a few months later (last weekend) and I'm visiting my friend in Avondale. She tells me about Berry Good in Goodyear and convinces me that theirs is tart and it's self-serve (Peoria's wasn't when I visited). Excited to get some tart fro-yo, we drive over there and I rush to sample the "premium" and the "strawberry banana" that she had been raving about. ICK it was cloyingly too sweet. Once again, I leave empty handed and disappointed. I really hope Berry Good makes their plain actually tart.. especially because they're opening up a new location right by my house. PLEASE OH PLEASE MAKE IT TART! I will be a loyal customer if you do!
2	The place is small and cute. We tried all the flavors and I got a small cup with a few toppings and thoroughly enjoyed it. I would go back if I had the craving for ice cream. It is a little pricey to me, but then again most ice cream places are now these days. It is missing something...just not sure what.
4	I happened upon this froyo place when I was far, far away from home, in Goodyear. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I LOVE the cookies and cream mixed with strawberry. So good! And, I mentioned I had an hour ride home, so they sent me home with my yogurt in a bag with ice. How awesome is that?! I only give it 4 stars because I wish there was one closer to me....
4	This place rocks! Very simple, get your yogurt, get your toppings(EVEN FRUIT!) weigh it and pay it then your gone! Definitely easier to not be excessive.
2	Berrygood is definitely missing something, their yogurt is tolerable but its missing that tart flavor yogurt is supposed to have and it wasnt as sweet as I woud have liked. They also dont have a huge toppings selection to choose from. I have to say I was disappointed. I had the mango sorbet, which had a small hint of mango, which means you could barely tell it was mango and I also got the chocolate one and it was so-so.
1	Went for a Yogurt today.  This place is out of business.  Everything in the store is gone :-(
