5	This business has recently done a "soft opening" as of last week.  Since I live down the street from them, I'm familiar with the ebb and flow of Main Street Sun Prairie restaurants opening up, staying open for a little bit, and closing, as demonstrated by the previous ownership of this restaurant space  (see this article: http://host.madison.com/news/local/city-life/in-may-watertower-chop-house-brings-the-supper-club-back/article_1fc21e50-4d63-54cc-b93d-eeffdab4de73.html).It's a Supper Club with a soup and salad bar, main entrees, and dessert.  It's a table cloth, low mood lighting with candle light, and multiple utensils on hand kind of place. Everyone in my party of four ordered the Thursday special of the day, the slow cooked BBQ ribs.  It came with multiple options for a side, I chose the sweet potato french fries, my companions chose the potato pancakes or the mash.  Everything including the salad bar was divine. The turtle cheesecake was HEAVENLY.And on top of that, they know about professional wait staff service.The test of a great Supper Club will be consistency.  It remains to be seen how this quality will continue, but we can certainly be optimistic about the possibility.
4	My husband and I took our adult son out for a birthday celebration.  We had a pleasant experience and will be returning for another dinner in the near future.  We shared two appetizers, the tempura shrimp and the tuna ponzu.  Both of these were delicious and had beautiful presentations.  We each had the salad bar which was good but not great..  Our entrees were the lamb duo, which my husband said was excellent, the chicken piccata and the chicken paprikash.  Both of the chicken dishes were good but a bit bland for our tastes.  The chicken in the piccata dish was excellent, however the sauce could have used a little more lemon.  The service was very good and the only suggestion I have is that the servers become more familiar with the brands of liquor available in a given category.  Overall we were very pleased and were glad to see that there were quite a few other people there besides us.
3	I'd give the Water Tower Chop House a 2-star rating if it hadn't been open less than a month.  My wife and I visited on a busy Friday night.  The initial impression walking in the door wasn't bad. Pretty traditional Supper Club, which is what it used to be and in part still is.  It went down hill after that.  I've been greeted with more warmth by hostesses in snooty New York City restaurants.  The entire greeting, after her looking at us expectantly and us giving our name was "You can go in there (the bar) and have a cocktail. We'll call you."  Note this was 6:29 for a 6:30 reservation.  No indication of when that we might be seated.  Our fellow waitees had 6:00 reservations and far more patience than I would have had.   Seated at 6:40 (not bad) the waiter was prompt to greet us, was personable and turned out to be on the plus side of adequate.  One thing that was an immediate disappointment was the fact that they chose to place bussing stations around the dining room.  The station that was my immediate neighbor was well populated with the remnants of previous diners meals, an unappetizing sight. A word to our waiter and it disappeared.  To his credit and financial benefit, it didn't return.  The salad bar contained the average selection of standard bar items.  The spinach and lettuce were fresh, everything else canned.  There were a few other potential offerings like potato salad but all were empty when I arrived.  I had ordered the Lamb Duo, while my wife ordered the Salmon.  After a pretty substantial wait with our water and iced tea being refilled promptly, food arrived.  My wife enjoyed both the presentation and taste of her relatively small portion of salmon.  My lamb was a mixed bag. The chop was tasty and reasonably tender.  This was good because the knife I was provided was a standard diner offering.  It was done to the medium-well level in spite of my request for medium-rare.  The other half of the Duo I first mistook for a silver dollar size mushroom.  Probing with my fork made clear it was meat.  I'm not sure why they bothered except to call the plate Duo.  The accompanying potatoes and asparagus were both tasty and well presented.  For dessert, my wife indicated her strawberry shortcake had been sitting around too long while my flourless chocolate cake was good but wasn't enhanced by the drizzle of canned chocolate syrup.  All in all, not a failure but I'm going to wait a while before returning.  Sun Prairie could use a good fine dining establishment.  This one isn't there yet.
3	We went on Father's Day- super busy but our friend had reserved online.  They had our table ready for us.  The salad buffet that comes with entrees was pretty fresh.  The tomato bisque soup was yummy.  Their were lots of options like regular salad mix, spinach, ham, eggs, lots of veggie variety.  The bacon balsamic dressing on spinach was delicious.  I was full off salad buffet which you can get on it's own for $6.  My entree was the special- cider chicken with two sides.  I got garlic mash potatoes and grilled asparagus- really flavorful.  Chicken was a bit dry but tasty.  My boyfriend got burger with egg and he really liked it- intense flavors.  Service was just okay- server was not knowledgable about menu, gave me dirty take out box and forgot to give us father's day discount.  Another server made up for it by giving our friend's toddler free cupcake.
1	Huge let down and it went like this:My spouse and I arrived on a humid and hot Saturday evening at 7 p.m.  We were seated immediately, without a reservation.  As we were being led to our table, the first thing we noticed was that the AC clearly wasn't working--it was damp and hot inside!  After waiting about 10 minutes, our server arrived to take our drink order.  This poor guy was dressed in long sleeves and black dress slacks; he had longer hair slicked into a ponytail along with the fact that he clearly hadn't shaven in ages.  And--he was just drenched with sweat.  Ugh.After we ordered our entrees (prime rib for me, steak frites for him), we eagerly went to the salad bar.  Barely average--Hometown Buffet would've been better and likely fresher.  Everything, and I mean everything appeared to be from a can (perfect little cubes of ham, chicken, whatever) and the most pale, pink, quartered tomatoes.  Wisconsin is full of fresh, delicious produce this time of year; it clearly was not apparent on this salad bar.  Also, no bacon, croutons, garnishments, etc...When my prime rib arrived, I was pleasantly surprised--the plate looked beautiful, with a nice, medium-rare slice of prime rib along with garlic mashed potatoes and 3 stalks of grilled asparagus.  HOWEVER:  I thought it was very odd that my prime rib came with a liberal sprinkling of salt and pepper that was freshly applied on top.  I cut into it and took a bite--it was not medium-rare.  It was almost well done inside!  Although the top was reddish/dark pink, inside it was gray--like it had been cooked all the way through!  Clearly my prime rib had been MICROWAVED.  It was flavorless.  I ate a few bites and took the rest home for my dog (seriously).  My garlic "mashed potatoes" was a baked potato that had been smashed with garlic powder on it.  It was in no way marginally reminiscent of mashed potatoes in any conventional sense.  No creaminess, no butter--just solid chunks of a baked potato. No lie--a baked potato that was literally just smashed up on your plate with an odd garlicky taste.My spouse, who had the steak frites, fared no better.  His "steak" was like the sole of a shoe--it was thin, difficult to cut and full of tendon.  He gave me a bite (I was so hoping his dinner was better than mine) and I could not chew it; I had to spit it out.  He was unable to finish it.  His frites were the highlight of the meal; they were very, very thin and crisp with butter and cilantro sprinkled on top.  As we were finishing our meal, at approximately 8:00 p.m., we looked around and noticed that the restaurant was completely empty and only two people were sitting in the bar area.  Wow.The only thing that makes me not feel utter contempt for this place is our poor server--this guy did as much as he could right, but the look on his face spoke volumes.  He clearly knew that this was all sub-standard, but he did his best anyway.  To sum it up:  This place will be closed soon, just like it's predecessors.
4	Had a great meal here  on a Saturday evening. I ordered the filet and it was very good. The relish dish starter was nice and salad bar is great. I would not order the desserts though as they are not made in house and they were poor tasting. All tables were full but we got pretty good service for such a busy time. I would  recommend this establishment .
4	I'm always excited to hear that a new restaurant opened up in Sun Prairie, so the opening of Watertower Chop House made me happy!My husband and I tried out Watertower on a Wednesday night. They have a "date night" special on Wednesdays with a deal on appetizers, so we were excited to try it. We were served crunchy bread and cheese spread when we sat down, real supper club-style!We each ordered an entree (prime rib for my  husband and salmon for me), so we both got salad bar included with our meals. We were both pretty impressed with the salad bar. Our meals were also very good.We're planning to come back to Watertower Chop House for sure!
4	Four of us went on a Tuesday night and were surprised how many people were there for early in the week.  The salad bar is huge and full of great items along with soup.  Three of us ordered steak and all were very pleased.  Cooked as ordered and the sides were fantastic.  One ordered the salmon special and was very pleased.  They bring you house made cheese spread and toasts right away.  We did not order any specialty drinks, but they looked fantastic.  The menu has something for everyone.  Sandwiches, pasta, fish, steak and burgers.  Service was great.  All were friendly and happy to help.  Prices are reasonable but not dirt cheap.  It was about $50 per couple with one beer.  We will be back.
3	We went on Sunday, hoping to try the cider chicken. Unfortunately they changed the Sunday special to chicken and dumplings. Three of us had the 2-piece special. It came with very big, tender chicken pieces along with two big dumplings (biscuits?) and a lot of gravy. Chicken was very good, but it was somewhat overwhelmed by all the gravy. The salad bar was huge and had lots of good stuff on it, including my fave, hot bacon dressing. We finished off with ice cream drinks -- my grasshopper was good, the others liked their Brandy Alexanders. Although the restaurant itself still looks like Herreman's of the 70s, it's nice to have another restaurant to choose from in Sun Prairie.
4	The Prime Rib was sold out before I could try it.  I did get the filet mignon lobster oscar.  I got it with the asparagus as my vegetable and mashed potato and salad bar.  the salad bar was very hearty.  The Filet was decent and I'd like to go back to try the Prime Rib.  the waitstaff really was good to me.
5	Awesome place.  Have been there for steaks as well as for 1/2 price burger night on Monday's.  Food is great, love the salad bar, and everyone is very friendly and helpful. Really enjoy Jesse, top notch!   Oh and deserts are incredible.  Sun Prairie has been in need of a place like this for a long time!
5	Our first time at this restaurant - and it won't be the last!Thanks to Kevin, at the bar, who cheerfully and expertly supplied drinks while we were waiting to begin dinner. Cheese spread and crackers were typical for a supper club - fun!Outstanding freshness and selection in the salad bar. And loved the warm bacon dressing. All five members of our party enjoyed their entrees. It is really nice to have healthy options for sides, too.Because it was a special occasion, we indulged in dessert. It was difficult to decide between key lime pie and tiramisu, so I sampled them both - and each was great.Hats off to our server (can't remember his name) who treated us like royalty! We will look forward to coming again. BTW it is a great idea to have nightly specials!
2	Hopefully it was an off night.7:00 pm  - We had to wait 20+ minutes to even get our drink order taken.  We were about to just leave after we finished our waters, but the bus girl noticed us and got a waitress for us right away. 7:30 - we get our order in and we get food from the salad bar.8:00 - The salad bar was shut down.8:15 - Us and two other tables are without food still, no salad bar to keep us occupied now though.8:30 - All three of our tables received our food.We were all offered free desserts but after being there for over 2 hours, we were ready to just go home. They attempted to make it right by comping us one of our dinners.I am not giving it 1 star because, this was our first time there and like I said it may have been an off night and my wife enjoyed her steak. My prime rib was mediocre, but this could be partly the sour mood we were in from the delays. If my wife and I ever go back i'll update this review.
5	Pleasantly surprised. Major improvement in quality and staff from previous businesses there. Bartenders are great and set the stage for a nice atmosphere.
3	Watertower is an old school Supper Club. I was told that there were a few other places in here that didn't do as well before this place finally ended up here.    It doesn't seem like this place has done much to update the look on the inside because it looks a little dated.  That's fine though because it adds to the charm of the location.  The inside appears to be sectioned off into a few different rooms.  There is a bar in the front with very friendly bartenders.  I ordered a vodka gimlet and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Our server honestly seemed a bit off that night.  She was pleasant enough but just seemed a little odd.  As it was Friday, I ordered the fish fry with the salad bar.  The salad bar was much better than your run of the mill salad bar.  It was very fresh with lots of different options.  Our food took a while to arrive so that was a bit dissappointing.  When our meal arrived, the presentation was good but there just seemed to be something a bit off about it.  The meal seemed to be lacking in flavor.  If it just had just a bit more flavor it would have been very good.  Though I did not really enjoy my meal, I am really looking forward to trying a few other dishes here.  The prime rib is supposed to be really good and it may be a place to come for a drink.
