5	The skinny? The guy is really good and worth it.  If you want to read more...Jason actually found me after I posted an add on Craigslist. After sorting through the usual nonsense, most of which was offering an individual's help for an outrageous hourly fee, I came across Jason's offer. His approach and estimate were not only reasonable, but quite professional. I've been working corporate for many, many years, so I can usually smell a low-balling scam artist; this wasn't one. We agreed to terms that day and on moving day Jason kept me abreast of every event and milestone throughout. The real added bonus of the service Jason offers is his ability to identify savings for you, the customer. Rather than charge ridiculous fees for things you really don't need (do you really need to wrap that old Ikea dresser in twenty pounds of shrink wrap to go 10 miles and pay out the wazoo for it?), Jason will work with you for an efficient, professional, careful move. Now here's the real kicker: the guy has a background in insurance. He knows what's legit and what's needed. That goes a long way to establish confidence for the customer. End of the day, I had all my stuff moved into a new place 90 minutes ahead of schedulwithout anyny casualties, knicks or dents. can't recommendednd Master Moving Services high enough. Oh, and ask Jason about his musical tastes. It throws all the stereotypes you have of movers out the window.
5	Score! These guys do a great job! They are good communicators, thorough and efficient.  Their prices are very reasonable and they don't spend a bunch of time messing around, even in horrific heat. I will tell all my friends about Jason and his crew and have already used them twice!I can't thank you enough for dealing with our crazy last minute schedules and requests!
5	Jason is incredibly efficient with all of his services.  He takes pride in his work and pleasing his customers.  He is my go to for business and personal moving, honey do lists and handy man repairs!!!
5	Friendly, respectful, trustworthy and caring!  Jason and his team are those rare people you always hope to find!  They were with me from 7:45 AM on a Friday until after 3:00 AM on Saturday.  As exhausted as we all were, everyone remained cheerful down to the last load.  Jason said they would not leave until we were done.  I had a 26 ft moving truck and we had 3 full loads!  NOTHING was damaged!  They did a fantastic job!  He also gave me a very reasonable price! I would recommend them for any of their services!  If I could give them more stars, I would!!!!!!!!!   Thanks to ALL of you!  You are all the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great bunch of guys! Unloaded a truck that had been loaded by others in another state so had to figure out the "jigsaw puzzle". Worked hard and with very good moods. Would definitely use them again and would recommend them.
5	Highly recommend using Jason and his guys. We didn't have a huge amount of stuff to move, but they were very professional and did the job quickly. I plan on using them again when we need to move.
5	Very quick, very reliable, worth every penny invested! Highly recommended for any moving needs!
