4	Smoothies are always good during the hot Summer months. The staff is friendly.
1	This place is terrible. Staff is slow, not familiar with things. A couple days ago I came in alone, ordered one smoothie. The woman proceeded to take the order of the large group behind me before starting to make mine, wasted ten minutes there. Went back today, got a smoothie and flatbread. Opened flatbread when I got home, took a bite, totally smelled like cigarettes. In the garbage it went, I guess they don't wash hands or wear gloves. Won't be back, ick
4	Very good smoothies. Also has good, healthy food. The staff is friendly, but can be a little on the slow side. Only a little seating inside.
1	Beyond disappointed. I'd give this zero stars if I could. I now know why these are going out of business. Food isn't fresh at all. Especially the salad I received. There shouldn't be any rotten greens in a salad. Ever! More black leaves then green leaves. Wow this is straight up common sense. Didn't see anyone being served moldy flatbread but I would put it past this joint. Won't be back... EVER!
5	Came in here to use their internet because Starbucks internet was down. The girl at the counter was super friendly and her supervisor gave me the internet password willingly and didn't ask if I was buying anything. I've been here for 2 hours now and just tried the Chicken Pesto flatbread and it was AMAZING!Also, their smoothies are made with real fruit and not syrup.Yum. Totally will come back next time I'm in town.
1	OMG! Skip this place. Showed up here on a Sunday and they had only one employee, maybe 16 or 17 years old. People waiting in line 6 deep and she was so rude, we walked out. Have been here before and the food was OK, smoothie better. They don't wear gloves here and the store was a complete mess.I asked for the owner/manager's name. She gave it to me and so I called Robert Bradley to let him know about the complete lack of customer service. After speaking with Robert, it became quite clear the reason that the service is so awful. At least they are consistent... Never again will I find myself in a Tropical Smoothie Cafe.
3	I come here all the time, and I stick to what I like. The staff are always friendly, except who I believe is the manager... He is often grouchy and very short. If you are the only customer there, your food will be done pretty quickly, but if there's a line be prepared to wait; there is usually only one person behind the counter. I love all their food, but sometimes things are made better than others. Bottom line is smoothies are always amazing, but food can be a hit or miss. I try to support them, though, anyway!
