3	I used to live almost next door to the Marchmont branch of Boutique, and yet I never once went in. To me, it always just looked like one of those shops whose only ethos is to look as girly as is humanly possible, regardless of what it sells.When I saw they had another branch in Bruntsfield, I decided to go in and see if I had been too hasty in writing it off, as several of my friends have bought some really nice stuff from here.The clothes were really nice on the whole, although obviously with it being a boutique they were quite pricey, and some were the kind of things that you see in magazines and think, "Yeah that's nice, but completely impractical for anyone with a real life". Also I find it weird that in such a small shop you can buy designer stationery, clothes, baby stuff, kids' toys and morocca pouffes - apart from anything else it means there isn't a huge selection.Don't get me wrong, I'm sure this place would be where you'd find the perfect gift for that impossible-to-buy-for female friend or relative that everyone has, especially if she's into her designer stuff. But apart from that, unless you're a local Yummy Mummy then there are probably other places nearby that you might prefer.
4	With airy dresses and sweet accessories and cards/stationary, this store breathes girlie all over. It's a lovely shop and I love browsing through here. There are some pretty neat notebooks and stationary not to mention the kids clothes section, which is adorable should you ever be shopping for a minor.  I have a week spot for their handbags, and bought one last year with parrots all over it- I still use and love it! The dresses are also lovely and girlie.The clothes section is rather pretty. One would say expensive but it's the same prices as topshop- and to be fair a lot more unique. True not the most practical items are available- the winter selection may be more for a winter in Cuba rather than Scotland, but if you are into your indie brand of clothing or know someone who would appreciate a gift like this,  then this is the place for you!
4	There are so many gorgeous clothing boutiques in Edinburgh each one unique and I love exploring them. Bohemia is a little different to normal clothing boutiques due to the fact that it also stocks cards, stationary and little gifts ideas too. In addition to this, they also stock Paul and Joe make-up which is gorgeous, there's currently stunning Alice and Wonderland themed compacts out and they are super cute, perfect for a gift or if you just want to treat yourself. They have a gorgeous selection of designer kids clothing but you'd probably be too scared to put them on a terrible tot as they're too nice to get ruined. They have some really gorgeous cardigans that I spied on my last visit and I was very tempted but had just bought a few new cardis. I agree with the other reviewers that this little boutique can be quite pricey but I found that it's a bit more affordable than other designer boutiques and quite a lot of the items are reasonably priced.
