5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this boutique!! If you are a boutique lover and don't like to pay boutique prices this is the place.  Their collection of earrings are the most impressive.  They also have a lot of cute clothes which are unique and very cute for a night out.  The website has a handful of what they have but visiting the store is a must.  Check out the prices too...you can get a cute dress or top for a night out for under $50!!! Enjoy. Oh I forgot this store is good for little knick knack gifts.  Mostly girly stuff so guys its great for females you need to get a gift for.
4	LOVE this boutique.. cutest date dresses.. NOT boutique prices.. Staff is super friendly..and helpful.. sign up for the special of the week via web specials.. MY one beef.. the jewelry.. AND with that the refund policy.. NOTHING but issues with both.. first.. the jewelry.. super cute.. adorable.. NOT the most inexpensive.. BUT cute.. okay.. wear it out with your cute adorable date dress.. and if it breaks.. YOU Miss Francesca should take it back.. NOT give me a store credit or grief.. after all.. Im a regular.. With that said.. I still go there.. just dont buy the jewelry.. :-)
4	I was at work one day and I complimented two clients on their adorable dresses, and they both told me they were purchased at Francesca's. Seeing as how once summer hits I'm in almost nothing but dresses, I knew I had to check it out. They were very reasonably priced and the boutique was very cute. My sales girl was extremely helpful and had me try on a few things I wouldn't have chosen on my own. She was very nice, and a good sales person!I left without any dresses unfortunately... my one complaint is that a vast majority of them were made of the same thin, clingy material that was really unflattering if you're not stick skinny. For that, I had to take down a star :(I did leave with some earrings and a book. They had some great unique gift items, so they're a place that's work checking out even if you're not clothes shopping!
4	I finally made it to Francesca's after I complimented my younger sister (again) on one of her cute outfits, to which she respond (for the umpteenth) time "Thanks! I got it at Francesca's."  Since there is a huge age gap between my youngest sister and me, part of the reason I didn't go was my thought that this store wouldn't have anything "age-appropriate" for me.  Luckily, I was wrong!Francesca's has a great selection of boutique wear without the fancy boutique prices.  When I am tired of seeing the same patterns and styles in every store in the mall, I go to Francesca's.  Or, when I am craving a new summer dress and I don't have enough energy to even go to the mall, I go to Francesca's.   Maybe you already have the attire for an event, and you're just looking to jazz it up with some fun, trendy accessories, go to Francesca's!Tops, bottoms, dresses, scarves, belts, bags, and jewelry; they have it all!  Even a ton of cute knick-knacky gift type stuff to ooh and ah over by the register.  I picked up a super-cute lunch tote there once!!Just a few things to be aware of to get the most out of your experience. 1) There is a lot going on in this small space of a store; if you don't focus and take sections one at a time, it would be easy to get overwhelmed.   2) There are only two dressing rooms, but it seems to work; I've never had a problem.  3) Because the prices on the clothes are so reasonable, it is easy to grab a ton of stuff thinking "these prices are great!" (forgetting to add them up as you go) and then nearly faint when you hear your total.4) While the prices on the clothes are great, the jewelry does seem a little steep.  They often have "Buy two get one free" sales for the jewelry and that is when I like to grab a few items.One more final piece of advice.  When you end up wearing your fabulous finds from Francesca's, try not to loose your patience with all of the people that stop you to compliment your new purchase (I even get compliments on my lunch tote!!).  As far as letting them in on our little secret, I'll let you decide if they are worthy enough to know about Francesca's . . . or if you keep it to yourself, kindly smile and just say "thank you!"
2	This is a much more manageable version of Forever 21, where you don't feel overwhelmed by the variety and super long lines... but the quality is pretty much on par and a little more expensive.I like the cute gift and odd/ends items, good for misc bday stuffers.
4	I never realized that this place was part of a chain until quite recently, even though I have been shopping there for years.  The vibe you get is of a super-cute very girly boutique.  They have a wide variety of items crammed into a small space but yet it seems like there inventory changes very frequently.  I love their jewelery.... I don't think it is any more pricey than what you get at WHBM, Banana Republic, or those type of stores but yet it looks much more expensive and it not so cheap that it will fall apart the first time you wear it.  However, I do agree with the other reviewers that their return policy sucks (minus one star for that).  I have never gotten clothes there since I am just not skinny enough but I have bought a variety of other little trinkets.  I can always find something I want if I walk in there and it is my go-to store for gifts.  You are guaranteed to find a gift for any female in your life (any age).  I got all the prizes for my sister's bridal shower here and everyone commented on how awesome they were.
5	Literally bought my entire wardrobe here for my honeymoon as well as most of the gifts for my bridesmaids. Such a cute place
4	They have got the best accessories here. Its like walking into a jewelry box, cool stuff at every nook.  Inexpensive and cute jewelry.  They have colorful and hip bags and shoes.  I love the quirky gifts they have here.  I could shop here all day.Clothes wise - only small, medium and large.  So really cute but really small.  Most of America will have to find their cute clothes somewhere else.
5	I love this little boutique! Clothes are super cute and very affordable! Also everyone that works there is very friendly and helpful. I've gotten great deals on accessories, jewelry, and even clothes when they have sales. But even regular price is very reasonable.
4	"Gahhhh, sooo cute!" ---Phrase that falls out of my mouth every time I step foot into this store.You're sure to find something you like on every visit to this adorable (very affordable) boutique shop. It's the perfect place to find random, unique gifts. As an example,  I purchased a super man cape baby outfit, owl eye contact case holder, awesome little man shaped tea infuser and back scratcher on my most recent visit. None of which I knew I needed, but all of which I was sure would bring a smile to someone I knew. And I was right. The gifts were a hit and the kinda things you might have a hard time finding elsewhere.On top of that they have a stylish selection of dresses, jewelry, shoes and accessories. If you're a girl, or know of one...you can't go wrong here. They also tend to carry a couple of  things that a feller in your life might enjoy. This location is especially great because it's a stand alone, making Chandler Mall avoidance during busy season a possibility. Weeee!
5	I love this location! The staff is always so friendly and accommodating. They go out of their way to assist you and do everything they can to give you an excellent shopping experience. I always feel so welcomed here, which is good and bad because it makes me spend more money! Lol. I love all of their cute clothes and accessories!
