4	Let me first say, I am not a dog person.Went to a dog birthday party here and it was very cute. Dog pawty invitation, yappitizers, cake and biscuits. There is a back-penned area for the dog guests to  play in and the humans get to shop in the slighty overpriced store.Good morning America had this store as a segment on its show.
4	I stumbled upon canine cafe and, even though I don't own any dogs, just one very large cat, I was happy I found it! I was greeted by 2 large brown labradors upon walking in who were SO sweet and friendly (no worries, they don't jump). The owner told me that one was rescued recently, and she looks very greatful for her new home. They do have a small section for kitties, and I picked up some salmon treats for my cat. You can find everything here for your dogs, from toys, food, even "pastries" for them - the muffins look adorable! A fun place for you and your pet. What I really like about them is that all of their treats and foods are all natural: no mysterious by-products, no preservatives, no salt, no sugar, no animal fat in them, and they bake them all on site! They have "Yappy Hour" every Saturday and Sunday from 2-4 pm! You can bring your pooch by for complimentary doggie cake, treats and doggie daquiries :)
5	If you love dogs and cats (and you probably do if you've come across this review), then you'll LOVE the Canine Cafe. Make no mistake, though: this is not a cute name; humans can't eat here. It's a pet store, but of the coolest kind. It's not your run of the mill ma-and-pa pet store, either. If you don't own a dog, there's really no reason for you to go here. They don't sell goldfish or anything. But like I said, this place is great. The people that work here are extremely knowledgeable and, more importantly, very friendly. Feel free to bring you dog or puppy in--not only will they be able to play with the owner's dogs, but they'll normally get a treat or two, too-ranging from standard treats all the way to cupcakes made especially for canines. If you're the type of owner who throws birthday parties for you dog, then you need to head to Canine Cafe. On top of a great selection of food and treats, the Cafe has tons of toys--from the standard to the hilarious--as well as garments and other things for your pup. They also have a lot of dog-related artwork and various related crafts. You can spend a lot of time in this cute little boutique, trust me. Again, the hassle of caring for your pet melts away when you head to the Cafe. Kill two birds with one stone and bring your dog along for the ride--one less walk you'll have to do!
5	I am passionate about my puppy, and I was thrilled to find Canine Cafe. From toys to treats to full-blown fancy birthday cakes, you can get whatever you might possibly want for you spoiled rotten doggy. I wish I could go more often, as I like the idea of feeding my baby only natural treats. Alas, my dog has failed to bring in much income, so she doesn't get high-end treats all that often. But when she does, more likely than not, they're coming from the Canine Cafe. It's like a boutique for dogs. Everything is high-quality and gorgeous or funny or quirky or cool. Even if you don't have a dog, it might be a great place to go find a gift for friends who do.
5	I have 2 small dogs and love the canine cafe, the owners are wonderful.  i have one dog w/ a upset stomach to certain proteins, they fixed us right up w/ their pumpkin biscuits.  I do not give my dogs any other treat besides the canine cafe, they are made on site in their bakery i feel good about that.  The store is awesome so full of fun for dogs and most days I have visited dogs are playing in the stores we love it.  I did find their treats in lowes food in case you cant get to the their store.  they also have a DIY dog bath in their bakery now.  I did ask about the icing on the dog cakes and they are cream cheese an they use petal dust for color not food coloring.  The owners really did their research about dogs and dog treats.  yappy hour is a funny along w/ doggie daquri  of which my 2 could get their share and several others.
4	Looking for a doggy's heaven or haven - Canine Cafe is the place! I adore this dog bakery/toy locale/all over pup paradise. Since I am without child, my dog is pretty close to my kid. He has quite the personality and I'm happy to spend my dog directed cash at a local shop. You'll find (seemingly) delicious, all natural and adorable dog treats - both healthy and fresh for your little nugget. Every year on Riley's birthday I saunter over here and grab one peanut butter cupcake with cream cheese frosting. No joke, my dog DIVES into that treat. For $3, it's an awesome, healthy and hilarious way for my pup to celebrate his birthday. There are also a myriad of toys (a bit overpriced, in my opinion), bagged treats (again, made here) and some of the nicest employees in Charlotte. While I don't bring Riley in the store (not dog friendly - don't want to get tossed out of the neighborhood) I spied lots of yappy hours and friendly peeps. If you want to support a great local business and spoil your pooch (just a bit), Canine Cafe is the place to go.
4	Ok some people may think this place is silly but if you have a fur baby like I do, it's doggie heaven! It's stocked wall to wall with doggie treats, toys, food (with no added preservatives or chemicals thank you), cards, accessories (b/c you know you don't want a dog who isn't with the latest fashions) and more! They also have fresh treats that you can get for your pup and I always go there on my dogs birthday to get him a little treat like a petite four--cleverly decorated with a paw print right on top. Doggies can go in with their owners and roam around so that's a nice touch and they have candles that help with the dog smell at home (a steal for $10!) Some of their items like the accessories seem over priced so I just look at the cute items they have and save my money in that aspect. Super friendly employees and they tend to host many events there at the shop and in the parking lot and sponsor different dog-friendly events in Charlotte.
4	Wow! Talk about one of the coolest pet stores I've ever been to. They have wall to wall toys, beds, and accessories for your pet. Like a good puppy-mom I got fully stocked on puppy wipes and sprays to make sure I keep my dog's white coat looking good while in between baths. They also offer a fresh doggy bakery! Um, I practically wanted to buy the cannoli for myself! We even got a few complimentary treats to go and pups was one happy guy. The bakery is located downstairs from the retail area. If baked goods is out of the question, they also have part of their store stocked with regular bagged foods. There's a room in the back for dog bathing and I assume, grooming. I didn't look into those options though, but the door was left open. Lastly, it seems this place hosts a lot of pet events. They had a few flyers mentioning some fashion show for pets or something. The Canine Cafe is a sure winner to spoil your furry loved one!
4	I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed the Canine Cafe.  This is probably my favorite place to bring my pup.Just as you walk inside, you notice a large dessert display case - full of tasty treats for your dog.  Mine has had a cannoli, a peanut butter sandwich, and some of their biscuits.  I love that they make their treats in-house, and offer a decent variety of healthy, natural treats for your furry kids.  They sell a wide variety of natural and organic foods, as well as pet care products and comfortable leads and harnesses.  I got a really awesome vest-harness for my dog, and he loves it so much he'll wear it around the house comfortably if we forget to take it off.One of my favorite things is that you can bring your pup to bathe there, in case you have difficulty doing it at home and don't want to pay the high cost of a groomer.  I think it's $12, which includes use of the baths, shampoo, towels to dry them, and even a hair dryer if you like (and your pup isn't scared).  The staff here is so nice and helpful.  The inside is small, but surprisingly well-organized and clean.My biggest beef here is that some people let their dogs off their leashes when they come here, and then they don't supervise.  My dog is not very friendly all the time, and I always worry for the other dogs.  Mine is small enough to pick up if he starts acting like a brat, but you never know what kinds of dogs people are bringing in.Other than that, this place is seriously awesome.
5	One of the best pet stores I've ever been to.Definitely not one of your regular pet stores like PetSmart or Petco.  The owners were so friendly and personal. The lady working there at the time explained that they make their own treats right downstairs in the kitchen, which you can see from the upstairs! So awesome. My whole family went there to find something for our dog, but unfortunately our dog is allergic to oats, which they bake all of their treats with except for their doggy "pizza" treats.They have a dessert pastry stand on the right as you walk in. I would have loved to take some home for my dog, but they wouldn't have lasted the trip back home. They looked good enough for humans to eat as well though!The owners also had the sweetest black australian shepherd dog named Bella.If you have a dog, you won't regret coming here. Bring your pup too! If they're really good, you may be able to even let them off leash. =)
5	I freaking love this place. I went in hoping to find something for my dogs birthday, and I hit the jackpot. I bought a little cake for her, some petit fours for her friends, a birthday hat and a few other things. The variety of treats, leashes, collars, & toys is awesome and they're even doing Santa pictures with dogs for the next three Saturdays! Definitely a place to check out if you're an indulgent fur mom like myself :)
5	Hands down, the best dog store in Charlotte.  They make all of their dog treats right in house, you can even peer down into the bakery below and watch them making them - so cool!  They have everything you might need for your fido - dog food, treats, collars, leashes, shampoo, toys, beds....and a whole bakery case fully of delicious goodies.  You can even little doggie birthday cakes specially made for your pup!
3	I live way across town from this business and just found out where it was 2 years ago.  It is the only place I can find that sells dog harnesses with velcro straps. I don't venture very far, but when I walk my dogs, I frequently get questions about the harness and where I purchased it, so I am assuming not many other places sell them.  I found it to be a unique shop with a wide variety of dog related items. Their baked goods section actually looks like human quality foods!  The sales staff was very friendly and assisted with fitting my dogs for the right size of harness.  The only reason I did not give this place more stars is the price range!  I don't feel that they serve a wide variety of dog owners because their prices are are out range for most blue collar types like me.  In fact, the harnesses are the only things there that I can afford to buy.
4	I have passed this place everyday and for my dogs birthday I finally decided to walk in; I'm so happy I did! They have great trinkets and their treats, made in house, were great! They had tons of options for different dog treats and it was so hard to pick just a few. Great staff and Everything is very well priced and my dog looved her treats. She was sad when she finished them all. Will definitely be going back!
5	Great place to go if you need the right stuff for your dog. My guy gets an Acana brand that is not readily available in NC and they were happy to ship it in for me. The main reason why I like these type if shops is everything is good to give your dog/cat.There are items in the other chain store that you should never let you best buddy have.
4	I'm soo happy this place has cake and bakery for my dog.. His bday was yesterday so I wanted to check this place out hoping they'll have something special for my Rex!!! $27 later I was in a good place. Quite a few special treats and a bday hat. I'm on my way... Everything was nicely packed. The bakery box was soo cute. Have paws stamps all over it so I'm guessing we don't mistaken eat dog treats. Lol. I will definitely go back. And did I mention customer service was on point..
3	Inside this shop, you can see downstairs into the bakery that supplies the treats that are sold on the shop floor. This means that they know what are put in the treats and that the air smells divine. The people are also helpful. Our dog isn't super thrilled with the cookies, though. Maybe he's just too picky. :)
5	Great customer service, great selections of bakery treats that look good enough for humans to eat!!  Always very helpful with their advice, have bought many treats and birthday cakes there-THEY REALLY CARE ABOUT THE ANIMALS!!
