4	An ode to my neighborhood pizza place....Dear Fox's Pizza Den:You are two blocks away from my house, yet sometimes I am too lazy to come get your delectable food offerings.  You don't judge me.  You just bring your delicious treats right to my door.  I love you for your regular pizza with my favorite doughy crust, real mushrooms and enough tomato sauce for all my saucy needs.  I also love you for your specialty white pizza.  I enjoy your white pizza for its mozzarella, tomato and spinach winning combination.  Sometimes I'll even throw in our friend chicken to add in some much needed protein.  But most of all (and surprisingly) I love you for your "healthy" option, the Taco Salad.  Fresh lettuce, tomato, onion, tortilla pieces, SOUR CREAM, taco flavored beef and salsa.  Who am I kidding, you're not healthy at all....but I love you anyway!  You make me feel good inside and that's what's most important!  Love Always,Rachel
4	Great little pizza shop in Mt. Washington. They have good carry out deals and the pizza is better than most. They do a traditional crust
4	My family used to order from Fox's when I was younger so I have a soft spot for their pizza. It reminds me of being living at home and not having responsibility. The taste brings back a certain nostalgia. Yes, it's only a pizza place but it's funny how certain things can take you back to certain times of your life. Now, moving on from the sap, Fox's in Mt. Washington is awesome! Everything from the pizza to hoagies is exceptional. What I love about their pizza is the dough. It's not overdone like some pizzerias insist on doing. It's doughy, soft and delicious! Pepperoni is my topping of choice as it's somewhat spicy and almost (but not quite) crunchy. Hoagies are good as well as I prefer the Italian. Another favorite of mine is their breadsticks. About twenty of them come attached in a "loaf" (see my photos for a visual) and are seasoned with a light but zesty sprinkle. Service is always great as well. Delivery time is always in their window and will take no longer than 45 minutes. I do suggest everyone take a look at some of their coupons that are available in newspapers, online and on the pizza boxes. They have great deals including the Big Meal Deal. For only $21, you'll get a large pizza, order of breadsticks, full hoagie and 2-liter of pop. Definitely a great deal. Even if you're not going to eat it all it's good to save for tomorrow's lunch!
