1	Dude. BARF TIME. FIRST of all, I ordered for delivery. The delivery driver got lost and I ended up having to walk down to the corner to meet up with her. (I still tipped her because I'm not a total dick, by the way). I ordered two pies, one with pepperoni/pineapple and one sausage and green pepper. At first glance, I thought they messed up my order and put pepperoni on both, and forgot the green peppers. When I looked closer I discovered that their sausage is small and sliced thin, like pepperoni. I also discovered teeny tiny slivers of green peppers, about an inch long. Each topping, and we're talking by the piece of topping here, had about  a 3/4 inch of cheese between it and the next topping piece. So the place goes stinge-o on you in regards to dressing a pizza. Also, the crust was soft and flavorless. Tasted like a cross between a wheat tortilla and the cardboard box it was sitting in. (Please note, this was NOT a whole-wheat crust.) And the next day? The leftovers were so bad they went into the trash. Not a fan.
4	It's a small space, brightly lit and somewhat barren.  A couple of wobbly ceiling fans waved to me as I entered, and a short, friendly man popped out from behind a tall counter.  He was a nice guy, super eager to please.I waited a little while for my pizza, and it appeared that the short man was the only one on duty, and most likely always is.  Turns out they deliver, and the menu shows an offering that expands beyond the restaurants misleading name of Pizza to the second power.The pizza is actually quite good.  It's blatantly apparent that the cheese and sauces are higher than average quality.  The prices are decent for a pizza shop, and they have a few specialty pizzas that help strech your dollar.  It's a fun and simple atmosphere, but don't let the rundown appearance distract you from a tasty meal.
4	We love Pizza Pizza. Good pizza and wings. The 20.99 deal with XL 1 topping pizza and 24 wings is great. Being from ny I'm pretty picky, so its nice to have this place nearby.
5	The Best Pizza is now at Teatro Pizzeria in North Scottsdale. It is not to be missed. The Pizza maker has been brought over from Rome, where he has been making Pizza for Oder 30 years. It is located in the Summit Mall on North Scottsdale Road.They make calzones which are to die for. You must go!!! open for lunch too.
1	Being an avid wing fan lover I am one to go exploring in search of the best wings in town. And boy, this place was not it! Upon ordering, an Italian man which I believe was the owner was rude and seemed like was not satisfied with his job. I asked for 20 wings for $16 which I thought was a bit high. After retrieving my wings I payed the guy and seemed like he wanted me to leave a tip. Well excuse me, I only leave a tip if the service was great and I actually got served. No the wings were " to go" so no tip left. Now to the wings, man they weren't good at all. They were dry, overcooked, and sauce was not good at all. Seemed like store bought franks red hot as I got the medium wings and BBQ sauce was bland as well. Overall service and food needs to be improved and I "may go back." Disappointed yelper! :(
5	If you're tired of the same old Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Dominos pizza all the time, give this place a try! Owned and operated by one person so its clear he doesn't advertise well or have a website, and the place has a bit of a dull look. To be honest I've never dined in here. I always take my order to go. The place is empty most of the time and it's sad to see he's losing all the business solely because of lack of proper advertising. That's the only reason I can think of because the food is excellent. I go here at least once a week! The cheese they use is spectacular and the gyro specialty pizza is a must try! TRY IT AND YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. I hope this place thrives because honestly, I'd hate to see it go. Btw, for those concerned, their meat is Halal!
2	Alright, the guys who work here were all very friendly; however the food was terrible. We got meatball subs. The meatballs were crusted over from either frying or sitting out... Not sure. The fries were too salty. I wouldn't go back.
5	Just received a delivery order from a super friendly guy from Piza Pizza.  Great hot wings and mozzarella sticks!  Prices were great and I'm impressed!
4	This place has really awesome Strombolis.  I found this out a few months ago, when I was missing the East Coast.  Now whenever I need greasy goodness it's my go to spot.Unfortunately it's never really busy.  So I'm writing this review so that people will check it out.  I don't want the only pizza place in walking distance to shut down.
1	The Meat Lasagna was by far the worst I think I've ever eaten!! The layer at the bottom was so chewy you could barely cut thru it let alone chew or swallow it and the sauce was also very tangy almost sour tasting, they also forgot my breadsticks and the delivery guy was rude. Best part about it was my LITTLE piece of chocolate cake and the decent tasting cheese sticks. So much for trying somewhere new...NEVER AGAIN!!!
