5	I'm not one to write reviews but Iron Chef is awesome. I'm from the east coast, home of the best Chinese food in the country, and I have not been able to find anything that measures up to even the worst of places back home until I found Iron Chef. It is the real deal. Quality delicious food. I've tried a number of the menu items and have no complaints. The pu pu platter is amazing as well as the service, no frills Chinese take out to die for. I might be a little to excited but it is only because of the utter lack of good Chinese food in the region. My one complaint is that the soda fountain kind of sucks.
5	As a former Bay Area resident, I have come to love and appreicate all asian food. Generally, I prefer Japanese and Thai over Chinese, however, when it comes to Iron Chef it's my favorite.  The location is perfect as it's only a quick two or three minute drive from my house.  Their food is absolutely delcious and is on par with a high end chinese restaurant.  The quality of the meat, fish and vegetables is just excellent and it's always very consistent.  I generally order the garlic chicken as I love spicy food!  It's a wonderful mix of vegetables and white meat and the sauce is perfect, full of flavor and not at all greasy.  I also like the fact that they offer brown rice as an option and their eggrolls are some of the best I've tasted.  The family meal for $29.95 is an excellent value and is enough food for four or five people.   We ordered it for the two of us and had leftovers for a week!  It includes sweet/sour pork, broccoli beef, orange chicken, chow mein, fried rice, steamed rice, soup and eggrolls.  I sure hope that Iron Chef survives the recession.  I try to eat there as often as I can :)
3	The Place:I'm trying to come up with a good analogy to the size of this restaurant (and I use that term VERY loosely).  Let's just say that the Iron Chef in Queen Creek could easily fit in my garage it's that small.  It is amazing what can come out of a cramped space.The eat-in portion of the place has three booths and a small two person table.  The total diners that could eat in at the same time would be about 14 - and it would be a cramped fit.The Food:The food was good, a bit too much oil for my taste, but not greasy in the slightest.  We ordered chicken lo mein for the kiddos, and unfortunatley for them it was chock-a-block full of veggies and chicken. My kids haven't discouvered the joys of stir fried veggies as yet - we're working on it.  We also ordered chicken with broccoli with a white sauce, which was an enormous portion and again, everyone enjoyed.   Rounding out the feast was a roasted pork and chinese eggplant dish which was sweet and hot as well as a stir fried green bean plate.  We probably could have gotten away with ordering three dishes or a small size instead of all large.Bonus for flexibility - you can order brown rice if you aren't a fan of the fluffy white stuff.The Bottom Line:I highly recommend Iron Chef for take out, but I would avoid for eating in.  We were starving when we stopped in and didn't want to wait the 20 mins to drive home.  The proprietors were very friendly and willing to customize your order to pretty much anything you like.
5	A friend introduced me to the Iron Chef Japan show a few months ago and that caused me to notice this restaurant while shopping at Basha's one morning. The logo on the menu shows a chef in similar stance as the show.  This restaurant is in a great location on Power & Chandler Heights right in with Basha's & behind Burger King. The restaurant is very small, as Gregory L. described in his review. One thing that has changed since his review is that now there are 4 booths and 1 small wooden table for 2. While he advised carry out would be a better option, I found the dining room to be nice. I visited at noon on New Year's day and the restaurant was empty. Several people arrived for carry out orders, which tells me the place is popular. The booths were good sized and the wall had photographs of customers enjoying their meal. It gave the restaurant a nice, homey feel. The staff was very friendly and the meal was prepared in about 15 minutes. Plus the soda machine had Orange Slice - I haven't seen that since like 1988!I ordered the General Tso, which is what I order at every Chinese place, but it does serve as a good benchmark for comparison. The dish was among the best I have had. The chicken was lightly crisp and the sauce had a good flavor, but did not drown the plate. You can choose between white or brown rice, and it is loaded with vegetables. Onions, carrots, peas and pork were very prevalent in the fried rice. Another surprise was the egg roll - I have not tasted its equal. It was definitely not frozen like other restaurants use. It wasn't hard and dry, but fresh, handmade and loaded with cabbage.The menu is extensive. I took one home for future considerations. Given my first experience here and the size of the menu, I will be back and trying other dishes.
5	Ok, found a new place to eat Chinese food in the QC.  This place was the best Chinese I have had here in the area.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for some good Chinese food.  I had the sesame chicken, and we also got the sweet & sour chicken and veggie order.  Everyone was happy and each "single" serving can easily feed two big sized people.
3	I went back to this place after foodie-reliable friends said it was their Chinese food of choice.  It is much cleaner than I remembered on my first experience. I was impressed with the staff -- didn't have to write anything down and got our ordered cooked FRESH quickly.  We dined in (they have a SMALL dine in seating area).The food was good (steamed chicken and veggies, and steamed dumplings) but I wasn't blown away (frankly I don't think I have been blown away by chinese food around here).  I was trying to eat healthy that night so we went light.  I usually define my Chinese experiences with Kung-pao but didn't that night.I'll definitely be back.  It was the better of the others in the area.
4	As said in the previous yelps, a very small store front.  Picking up is probably the best option here.Very decent take-out style chinese.  I got the New York Style Chow Mein which, to my surprise, had no noodles.  Maybe they misheard me when I called in my order and I got chop suey, because that is what it seemed like.Either way, the sauce was good, not to salty/greasy.  The meat was plentiful for the price and the veggies were well cooked.  I would definitely eat here again.  My wife got pad thai (which I have [personally stopped ordering from anything but thai restaurants) and she thought it was good.The primary reason I gave them four stars is they have a little condiment fridge out front where one can grab little cups of sauces.  In that little fridge is one of my favorite things, homemade hot mustard.  It was fairly hot and tasty and really kicked the whole meal up a notch.
4	Best Teriyaki Chicken I ever had. Not sure how the rest of the menu is, but I don't really care, because I will definitely stick with the Teriyaki Chicken. Too bad that the restaurant is so far from Phoenix.The orange soda they have is really good.Go here for Teriyaki Chicken and Orange Soda!
5	Love this Chinese place! It's like good Chinese we used to be able to get back on the East Coast. Their menu is similar to most, but their duck sauce (in the fridge) is so good!! The kids meal option is great, and enough for at least 2 kids to share. I love their chicken and brocolli, fried rice and their egg rolls are good too! I am happy to finally find good Chinese in our area. Give it a try!
5	Only Chinese take out similar to back east,  excellent eats
5	I generally come in at lunch time, their lunch special is still a HUGE meal and it comes with a drink. The food is always super fresh and the kitchen is open so you can watch them cook in the giant Wok's. Great place, the dining room is very small as it's in a strip mall so it's great for take out or if you come when it's not too busy.
5	Simply put, outstanding food. Atmosphere is simple, but they really cater to the take out, great food at a great price, and easy to stop in and out for the take home dinner, this place is going to do fine!
4	Great food - very fast for takeout!The family meal is a bargain - with plenty for a large family.  We have eaten in a few times (not a lot of tables) and taken out many more.  The food is delicious and the service very prompt.  If you call in the order, it will be ready by the time you can get there.
5	The lunch special is an incredible value. I may never eat fast food again. Dinner is more expensive but is enough food to feed 2 hungry people. Great value, very fresh. The best Chinese food I've had in the east valley. Best for carryout or groups of. 4or less.
5	Must admit I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food. Probably because most of the food is deep fried. But I have found a place that makes something I love! Szechuan Beef! Lots of fresh veggies, good tender beef and if you add the spicy sauce they have stored in the little drawers really spicy! We also ordered orange chicken, even though deep fried, I really enjoyed. Especially because of the broccoli served on the side steamed and not over cooked. The boys had pot stickers and ribs and were very happy. I didn't pay attention to the cost but dishes were about $9 a piece. Really friendly, happy, helpful service!
5	Best noodles in Phoenix. This place is hands down the best chinese food in Phoenix. PF Changes has nothing on these guys, they are fast, friendly and food is hot. Its also excellent for leftovers too.
4	This is as close to New York Chinese food that it gets. Their salt and pepper calamari is amazing not over cooked or over breaded. The imperial seafood meal is to die for, it has a great combination of seafood and fresh vegetables cooked to perfection. They have a great selection of dishes and some very inexpensive lunch specials compared to the size of the meal. The house special fried rice as my son says has a little something for everyone in it! Don't forget to take home the spicy mustard it is the best! You can sit down and eat but it has more of a fast food atmosphere. We enjoy taking our bounty of food to go!
5	Honestly the best Chinese food in AZ. Ive been to a lot of Chinese restaurants throughout the East valley and this place is the best by far! Everything I've had on the menu has been great. I used to go to Iron chef twice a week back when I had classes at ASU's Polytechnic campus because it was that good!! Never once have had a bad meal or experience. The owners are awesome and provide excellent customer service. They also have great lunch specials. I just wish it was closer since I live in Arcadia now and its quite the drive (though I've made the drive just for the food on several occasions). I wish they would open a location near ASU's main campus because I know it would be a great success! Especially since there is a lack of options for Chinese food in Tempe.
5	kung pao chicken has a very complex taste and takes techniques to prepare; Iron Chef has the best kung pao chicken in AZ. finally chinese food in AZ worth mentioning!!!!!  from pf chang to panda it's no contest when compared to Iron Chef! good prices especially  lunch specials.
3	Pretty good.  You should give it a try.  I wasn't "wow'd", but the food is prepared fresh.
4	Got the family meal to go.  All of the food that came with the meal was awesome.  I am very happy that we picked up the food because the place is very small and probably not a very kid friendly location.  However, food great and a LOT of food for the money!
4	When I want Chinese take out, this is my go-to.  Partly because it's tasty, and mostly because it's close to where I live compared to other good Chinese food.  Plus, it's so reasonably priced!Favorites:Hot and sour soupTomato egg shrimpEggplant in garlic sauceChinese eggplant with beef in garlic sauce
1	I don't normally expect good service from a chinese retaurant unless you're at a chained restaurant like P.F. Chang's. But this place is the worst both food and service. The younger gentleman with glasses at the counter is really rude. I was recommended to this place by a friend who said it's the best Chinese go to for him since he always do a take out order. Recently a young gentleman at the register screwed up his order as well. Funny story was, I was talking to my boss about Chinese restaurant and he mentioned Iron Chef where he took his family. We ended up talking and find out we were treated the same way from the same guy. We laughed it off and made joke about it all the time now.
4	The bf and I tried this place the other night and I thought it was great!  We've lived in AZ for about two years now and this is the first time we've had Chinese food, mainly because I can't find a place that delivers to our house.  Anyway, I ordered the tofu with eggplant in garlic sauce, but was told they were out of eggplant, and the girl taking my order was very apologetic.  Not a problem though...got the broccoli instead.  It was sooooo good!  The next day I ate the leftovers...cold, with my fingers, standing at the kitchen counter!  It could have been less oily though, in my opinion.  The bf got sweet and sour chicken.  He liked it.  Also got some vegetable fried rice and vegetable spring rolls.  Also very good.  If only they delivered!  We'll definitely go back!
5	Wow, What a great discovery.  I found them through Yelp and saw the reviews.  I set up an account with them online, then placed my order.  I drove two miles, walked in the door and they handed me my order.  The Pad Thai was absolutely amazing.
5	Good food and value!
3	I frequent Iron Chef for take out. Food is served fast and hot. It is consistant, budget friendly and available. Not many great places to eat near my house. Especially like the Szechuan Chicken or the Kung Pao Chicken Combinations.
5	Best chinese food ever, period. LOVE this place! No, they don't deliver, and it is about 35min round trip from where I live, but you will not hear me complain! It's 100% worth it! Everyone is really friendly and the food is such good quality and tastes amazing. I don't eat from any other chinese restaurants now, only Iron Chef!PS- you can also order online.
4	Nice small place. Great service, very friendly, food served fast,fresh, and hot. Daily lunch specials are the best.
5	I really like this place. I'm from San Francisco, and this Chinese food is the closest to home I've experienced in Arizona. One of the only places that has honey pecan prawns. Yum!Updated review: 2/10/13- Honey pecan prawns aren't there anymore, but it's still good!
3	I'd say this place is just okay...it doesn't make me sick afterwords, it just isn't that flavorful or delicious. It's a run of the mill Chinese restaurant.
5	I've never had anything but the chicken and broccoli from here. My husband and I love it so much, we dont care to try anything else! It's very small and only a few tables but we always order take out anyway and our orders always ready for pick up within 20 minutes max.
2	It was ok, had 8 people over for Dinner and bought 2 of the family meals.No one went back for seconds, that pretty much sums it up.
5	Our favorite Chinese place hands down.also lunch special are a great value. I have yet to find a dish I don't like.
4	We go to this place all the time.  We are from jersey and decent Chinese is a needle and a hey stack search.  We live in Seville so it's super close.  Always only takes about 15 minutes.  The wonton soup is my favorite here and the egg roles are just like back home.  We will continue going here until they some how find a way to make the food bad!
3	I've been meaning to review this one for a while. Iron Chef is the closest Chinese to our house so we go here probably once a month, occasionally a little more often.Out of the last 3 times I've ordered here, twice I ordered things I ordered ALL the time with veggies in it and both times they included mushrooms which had NEVER been part of these orders before. I understand changes in the menu, adding and subtracting dishes,  but when you change the ones that people SHOULD know what they are getting it is VERY disappointing. I am allergic to mushrooms. I know to ask to remove mushrooms if I am unsure of a dish, but these are dishes I'd been ordering for years.So twice I was jipped out of my dinner. Everyone else was happy. I learned a lesson and we havent been back in 3 months. Not that I won't go back, just that I needed a break cause I was really really irked.
4	First time there. I placed the order online. It was easy and fast. The food was very good. Everyone liked it. This will probably be a regular place for us.
4	Reliably tasty, super quick take out, easy on-line ordering, orders are always spot on, nummy house chow mien, clean and totally satisfies that "I want me some Chinese food" thang. Everything a Chinese take-out should be.
5	I had Iron Chef for the first time last weekend and it was some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. My husband doesn't care for Chinese food so we rarely eat it so I am sure there are better places out there, I'm just limited on comparisons. We ordered the Mongolian beef, pork chow mein and sweet and sour chicken. The chicken was pretty average to be honest. It was fine for sweet and sour, but definitely not anything to write home about. Both the chow mein and the Mongolian beef were amazeballs! I could have eaten like 3 orders of each. And the fried rice is also freakin delish. I'm actually salivating thinking about it. It tasted even yummier as leftovers the next day. I can't wait to eat here again. Oh! And the egg rolls were also fantastic. The cabbage and other ingredients were loose, so you could tell they were fresh and not the premade frozen crap with chunked and formed centers that most places serve. Yum!
5	Highly recommend.  Great food.   Cozy atmosphere.  Had no problems with staff, not sure what previous reviewer was talking about.  Agree with reviewer that close to San Francisco as we can get here (lived in SF previously).   The pot stickers were awesome!  Will be back.
5	We have been here twice now and love it. I gave it 5 stars for what it is- a local takeout Chinese food place. If you are going here expecting an eat in, fancy dining establishment then this is not the place. The food is great- not overly greasy and full of flavor.  They have a large menu and a reasonably priced family dinner. So far it is the best takeout Chinese food we have found in this part of the valley.
5	My lovely wife was craving Chinese food, so we decided to stop by for lunch.  Having researched it right her on Yelp, I knew not to expect this to be a place big on atmosphere and ambiance.  Walking in confirmed what I knew so far, but I think everyone needs to know - they weren't trying to achieve these things.  What this place does achieve is they make outstanding food.  There were 6 of us, and we all sampled different items from the menu.  I got the Mongolian beef with a side of Hot-n-Sour soup, while the wife got Szechuan beef and my daughters got Chow Mein and Orange Chicken with Egg Drop soup.  The soups came up first, and they were delicious. One of the many things my late father and I shared was an appreciation for good hot-n-sour soup, and he would have loved this.  Well done, with lots of mushrooms and tofu, and it was flavorful, while not being overdone with spice and pepper.  The egg drop was very flavorful, and was quickly gone.  The Mongolian Beef and Vegetables were tender and the dish was sauced well, not runny or dry.  My daughters loved the Orange Chicken, which was not overly sweet and carried plenty of spice.  My wife enjoyed her Szechuan beef, and concurred that it was flavorful and tender.  All of us had pork fried rice with our meal, and it was some of the best I have had.  Light, not greasy, and lots of flavor.  That seemed to be what stood out in everything - flavor.  None of the dished we tried lacked for flavor, and each was distinctly different.  I have been to many places and all of the food tasted so near to each other, it was barely noticeable.  The Iron Chef does not fall into that category. Service was great, as everything came up quick and the guys were very nice.  In summary, the food is outstanding, service was great. Run, don't walk, to see for yourself!
5	Went in here today to get some lunch! I was surprised how good it was. It was fresh, and very good. I got the Mongolian Beef Lunch Special with Pork Fried Rice with a side of Pot Stickers and it was very good. I was glad I came.
4	Great food! The Pad Thai is a little greasy, but has great flavor. Really good egg drop soup as well!
5	Very best place for real chinese food.I don't even want to go to panda express anymore. It has such strong taste and an excellent menu with a load of choices to choose on food. It'll take you months titty everythingon the menu. You want to change up the meal, then go right on it. They'll do almost anything for you to make your food the way you want it.
1	Food was alright if you know what you want. Horrible service. Over charged us and they didn't refund us or apologize for their mistake. By the way, don't get the shrimp with lobster sauce. Looks like a plate of goo, it was unappetizing .
3	The food was pretty good, but I would put it into the outstanding category others seem to think it is.I ordered the General Tso's Chicken and really liked the sauce. Bonus points for offering brown rice with no extra charge. But my vegetables were dead cold. In hind sight, I should have taken 1/2 of it home for dinner as the portions are quite large.Oh, and you may wish to bring your own silverware. The utensils they have just might be the cheapest, flimsiest, plastic you will ever eat from. The knives were not strong enough to slice through my chicken. And, they are the sized for children's hands. Others have mentioned the rudeness. I did not experience that, but: 1) they are not the friendliest bunch, 2) the moment you finish eating, expect them to clear the table. I'm not sure my fork hit the plate before it was gone. If you spend any time in a big city, this is de rigueur.What everyone says about small dining room, you can believe that one. I wanted to eat in and I didn't think I would get a table. I needed to "hover" around another couple and they go the hint to move along as soon as they were done and I was lucky. Others that came in after me were not and had to change their orders to carry-out.If I was in the area and in the mood for Chinese food, I would go again. But I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again.
5	I have had better Chinese food, but not often. This is a hole in the wall, small place in a strip mall next to a Bashas', but this place is really good.  There are a few tables to sit in and eat, but we always get take out.  You can order and pay online.  The food is well above average, and the prices reasonable.  I would rather give this plave 4.5 stars because there are a few places that are better or as good.  The pot stickers are juicy, full of meat with thick dough.  We are lucky in QC to have 2 good Chinese restaraunts (the other being Golden Harvest).
5	Love this place. I Always get take out. Great value, great food. I dont know or care if the employees are nice when i pick up my giant sack of delicious food. I treat it like the "soup nazi" situation. I order it over the phone, go pick it up when they tell me to be there. Done. No small talk, pay the bill and get the hell out of there!!!
5	Iron chef is my go to takeout place.  We have been going there since it opened in Queen Creek.  The place is small, and has a few tables to selfserve dine in.  The owners are hard working folks that can throw down Chinese take out with the best of them.  The counter service is a revolving door of local high school girls that take you order and payment.  The magic happens in the back, but in plain sight.  The New York style chow main  brings back childhood memories.  The Szechuan beef is outstanding.  The kids love the dumplings and the ribs.   There you have it, a "happy family."I love this place...
2	Yuck!Typical and dirty, rude and greasy. If you want takeout go to Hong Kong Kitchen a mile down the street. They have lunch specials too with only half the grease and about the same price.
5	WOW!  This place is AWESOME!  They know how to make good Chinese food with great flavor.  The Mongolian Beef is so good.  I love the fried rice.  I love how the food has a really good wok flavor.  YUMMY.  I am going to be a regular now!
3	We usually come only at lunch or dinner rush. Food is OK but nothing outstanding. It is a value however. Compared to B-King and Subway (in the same parking lot) the food seems more filling and more like a complete meal.Definitely someplace to get you out of a pinch, but not a 'go to' kind of place for great Chinese food.
5	Love love love the food here. Service is blah but it's take out!!!  Totally worth it.
4	I love the BBQ boneless spare ribs. The real treat here is that it's authentic New York style Chinese takeout in south Queen Creek surrounded by orange groves and horse property. Awesome.
4	Pleasantly surprised.  I didn't expect much bc of the appearance of the front, but the food was good, the portions were generous and the price was just right.One word of advice, if eating in and you don't plan on using chopsticks, being your own silverware. They only provide flimsy forks that beak when any pressure is applied.
2	Our first visit was not the best experience..it was just "ok" at best.....nothing special.    The person at the register who took our order didn't know much about the menu...and we didn't get what we ordered (had asked for deep fried and got a sauteed conglomeration instead).  The flavor was good ... but didn't like sauteed eggplant with very tough skin.   I can't say the service was terribly bad or rude...but we didn't feel welcomed or appreciated.   Never got a greeting or smile when we walked in and  never heard the words "thank you."   It was almost as if everyone working there lacked reasonable enthusiasm.   We'll probably give it one more try.  Maybe I am 'old school' but I think no business should treat their customers in such a nonchalant way.  That typeof attitude can make the difference between a one-time customer or a repeat customer.  BTW, the guy with glasses (maybe the owner or manager??)  seemed to annoyed when we asked about menu items... somewhat of a jerk.
4	I have been to this Chinese restaurant a few times now and every time I'm satisfied.  The food is always out fast, Very flavorful and LARGE portions.  They have an awesome lunch special for $5.95 that includes a drink and is enough food for two meals.  They are always friendly and the restaurant reminds me of the Chinese food places that are back home in NY.  I would definitely recommend.
5	Very good food!! Great take out. I recommend the Mongolian Beef. Small dining room if you choose to eat at the restaurant.
5	We bought 4 different plates today to try a bit of everything, as well as some crab Rangoon.  I would have liked done dipping sauce with it, but the flavor is the crab was yummy.  The different plates we ordered were each flavorful and seasoned perfectly.  The spicy dishes were spicy but not overbearing hot.We will def be back.
3	So there are not many options for Asian American fare in the Queen Creek area and I tend to be very outspoken on this cuisine. So I tried Iron Chef and there are a few major issues I have. First when I ask the person running the front what is in House Pad Thai and I get the answer "a traditional Pad Thai" I expect a traditional Pad Thai with thicker sauce, crushed peanuts, and a choice of protein. What I got was a running sauce with chicken, beef and shrimp. Most of the time this would be a positive for people, but what if I am allergic to shellfish, religious belief or just can't stand it.... The entire dish is a waste. Second the menu has lots of options but no descriptions.... It's like playing Chinese Food Roulette. Not a bad option but things could be better.
3	Was not impressed with the Orange Chicken at all. The chicken breading was extremely soggy and the sauce had minimal flavor. For the price for one Orange chicken and two sweet and sours, will try somewhere else next time.
4	Pork in Chinese Eggplant with Garlic Sauce.Burst of flavor in your mouth! Just hoping there'd be more pork than the eggplant. Overall its delish!
4	I ordered a meal online through their website.  That process went very smoothly and was easy to do.  No problems there.  Had to wait for a few minutes once I arrived to pick up the food, but no biggie.All of the portion sizes were generous.  Mongolian Beef was very good.  Szechuan Beef was good.  Salt and Pepper Calamari was very good.  The Hot and Sour Soup was average.  It had good consistency (not too thick and gloppy, not too thin) and nicely proportioned ingredients, but lacked enough hot and enough sour.  Since I gauge all Asian restaurants by their ability to produce a top-notch Hot and Sour Soup, Iron Chef got knocked down a rating for this.We are new to the area.  This is the fourth Asian restaurant we've tried and our favorite, so far.
1	I don't even want to give this place 1 star because they do not deserve it, my boss goes here and gets lunch every now and then and always asks for the rice plain...they always have pink pork in it, I am vegetarian, and not a picky annoying one, if you eat meat thats fine with me, I even work in an establishment were I cook and serve it all day but...when I go to a place that has vegetarian meals (which I greatly appreciate) I expect to NOT have practically raw pork near what I order, the first time I had this place they put pork in the rice even though they knew and were told I do not eat meat, it was fine, I brushed it aside and ate the rest of my meal...no biggie, it happens. Twice my boss has been in since to get lunch for all of us and every single time she tells them please do not include the rice since it has pork, and every time, they do not care, they throw that nasty raw pork right on top of my food, I will NOT return and definitely will NOT recommend to anyone, I'll stick with my Golden Harvest from here on out.
4	Not bad, food came out quick and hot.Asked for extra spiciness but got none.  Tsao chicken just a hair salty but over all pretty good, will be back to try something else.  Oh someone posted to bring your fork, not a bad idea, the forks are very cheap.
2	I'll keep this short... I'm from Seattle, I have high expectations when it comes to any Asian food. Mu shu is my favorite thing in the world, don't crush my mu shu dreams by saying it will come with pancake when you give flour tortillas. PANCAKE IS NOT FLOUR TORTILLA! ...sigh. Second, if you do Happy Family please don't include fake crab/krab. The flavor of that is too overpowering to be part of a Happy Family. Boo for ruining happy family, iron chef. If I had NO other dinner option I might order from here again, but the high reviews are deceiving...or I'm just used to a higher caliber of food I guess.
4	Have been back at my husband's insistence. The owner returned from overseas and the food quality went up immediately - although all I've tried is the beef with broccoli which is quite good. The pork fried rice is awesome. Online ordering is definitely a plus, especially for takeout.
3	I not not impressed with the Orange Chicken at all. The chicken breading was extremely soggy and the sauce had minimal flavor. For the price for one Orange chicken and two sweet and sours, will try somewhere else next time..
