4	The S.U. and I were invited to dinner in the Shorewood Hills neighborhood and I needed  to bring a Bootay der Van.  This place was between our hotel and dinner.  A surprisingly good selection of wines from all over. I checked the Northwest wines. Decent selection of Oregon Pinots, Some good and some better Columbia Valley Blends. I settled on a moderate priced Ribero del duero from Spain. Success!! Better than your average strip mall wine store on the edge of town. Way better!  Maybe I'll be seeing more of Steve's?
4	This is the one wine store that I go to in Madison.  Regardless of where I am, what the plans are, or how much of a pain it is, this shop is the place.The selection is pretty varied, and fairly complete.  You'll find your high and low end, all your entry level marks, and some pretty cool representations from New World selections (Molly Dooker ftw).  It's better than your basic wine store because of this, added to the effortless help they provide.  No snobbish attitudes...no dirty looks if your girl asks for something fruity.  This is how professionals are supposed to act.As a suggestion for the slightly more established guys out there, a bottle of Spanish garnacha from here (ask for help if you need it) and a few truffles from DB Infusions (down the street) go a long way better than flowers with your girl.
4	This is a great place to buy wine...but for the people like me, who like wine and beer but really could do without, there's the cheese.Glorious cheese!For the beer: this is the place to stock up on weird ciders (maple flavored yum!) and all varieties of New Glarus. The wine selection is particularly good for whites, which are a bit trickier in my experience. Also, the prices are right!Don't be afraid to look like an idiot here, just ask for what you need. The service is exceptional.
4	Great place to buy wine! The staff will help you out if you need to find something specific. They also have a section dedicated to Wisconsin wines. Some of the Wisconsin wines can be found elsewhere for cheaper, but the selection at Steve's alone is worth a visit. My friend found her favorite wine from Spain here. They not only have a good quantity of wines, but the quality is great too.They also sell cheese and candy. I would suggest picking up some of Christine's salted caramel. So good and local too! Oh, and they have beer, but not a great selection.
5	I really enjoy going to this place. As a resident from Wisconsin I take my alcohol purchasing very seriously.  Steve's Employees are highly trained.  They always have a wine expert there to answer any of your questions or recommend certain wines based on your preferences.  They have a decent variety of beer and if you have any questions about certain beers you can count on them knowing at least something about the beer in question.
4	One of the nicer Steve's locations. Staff is much - MUCH - more friendly than the Junction Road location. + Great selection of beer, wine, and spirits+ Logical store layout+ Nice selection of cheeses and food goods+ Cool accessories (Riedel, GoVino, Host, etc)+ Friendly, helpful staff+ Prompt checkout+ Reasonable prices+ Easy in-out parkingWinner. All day long.
5	Steve's has a great selection (who knew there was a Hebrew beer?), their location for west-siders working downtown is ideal, and their staff will give you the time they have to get to know you and help you make the right purchase.
4	Steve's has a great beer selection, great bourbon selection. Looks like a decent wine selection here as well. Staff is generally as friendly as they come for a liquor store. Prices are not very competitive compared with other liquor locations (both Woodman's and Hyvee are generally cheaper) but this place will carry a lot of individual bottles that they won't.
