4	On the advice of a friend I tried out Spice 9.  It being the first visit, we just went for the lunch buffet to try out a selection of items.  We could smell spices from the parking lot, in a good way.  The buffet provided a great quick lunch with lots of choices.   There were several tasty chutneys, including tamarind and a more unusual coconut.  The buffet selection included the Mughal staples:  rice, naan, tandoori chicken, butter chicken, and vegetable curries, but there were also more homey Indian dishes like a yellow dal with green peppers, lamb curry, sambar and rasam, an eggplant dish,  and dry curries (just veg and spice without a heavy sauce).   The spicing seemed very authentic, and the level of heat was definitely higher than in the average Charlotte Indian restaurant.   It isn't "take your face off" hot -- if you're one of those people that think every meal is a chili pepper eating contest you might be disappointed.   The spice blends come out nicely and aren't dominated by the heat, and dishes that are supposed to taste different from each other and use different spice blends, actually do taste different.  I lived for a few months in India when I was younger, so I'm pretty picky about Indian restaurants.  This is one I'll go back to.  The restaurant is located right across the road from Concord Mills just south of Lowe's.   The interior is nicely decorated and definitely has an upscale vibe, not like the usual strip-mall place.   Note:  disappointingly, the name of the restaurant is not a Vonnegut reference, although that does not affect the deliciousness of the food.
4	This is actually a 4 1/2 star review.We had originally intended to have dinner at Carrabba's, but there was a misunderstanding about their call ahead seating, and their wait was too long.  (A second experience with Carrabba's can be found here http://www.yelp.com/biz/carrabbas-italian-grill-concord#hrid:q8auN9lts15ggk5MPTa9oQ)  Instead, we chose Spice 9 for my husband's birthday dinner, and I'm glad we did.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by a delicious aroma of mixed Indian spices.  We were seated right away.  I noticed that the decor was contemporary and understated, but quite attractive.  They hit a nice balance with the lighting between a light on your table (so you can actually see the menu and what you are eating) and enough dimness to create a more intimate atmosphere.  This would make a nice date restaurant (nice enough to be special, but not overly fancy or fussy).The menu contained a very nice selection of proteins and preparations.  I liked that the descriptions were detailed enough to give me an idea of what to order, but I wish that there had been some sort of indicator as to level of spice (only the VERY spicy items were marked as such).In every Indian restaurant I have previously eaten, both naan and rice have been included in the dinner, but this was not the case here.  This fact and the desserts are the reason that I would have deducted 1/2 star.As an appetizer, we ordered the Assorted Vegetarian Platter (6) and the Assorted Bread Basket (6).  The vegetarian platter included maybe 10 pieces of various vegetables dipped in a chickpea batter and fried, and included 2 delicious dipping sauces (one containing cilantro, and the other perhaps tamarind).  The bread basket included naan (good) and onion kulcha (FABULOUS).For our entrees, we chose the: -Khazana Tandoor (18) which had chicken, lamb, and shrimp.  I sampled the lamb and chicken, and both were quite tasty.  There was easily enough food here that it could be shared, particularly if you also ordered bread and rice.-Chicken Tikka Masala (13) which was UNREAL.  SO so so so good.  I was going to order something else, and chickened out at the last minute.  I'm glad I did!  Chicken was tender, sauce was perfectly seasoned, with a great mouth feel.  A couple of hours later, I am still thinking, "MAN, that was good!  How can I sneak over there for some tomorrow? lol"-Prawn Pepper Fry (18) Contained both black pepper and spicy peppers (with seeds left in).  I sampled one shrimp before any of the other dishes came, and my lips were still burning 30 minutes later.  I'm kind of a spice weenie, though.  Before it set my mouth on fire, though, I was surprised and impressed by the complexity of flavors in the shrimp.  It was one of those dishes where you taste different levels of flavor, one after the other.  Really good, and I would order it again, if it were not for the heat level.-Some goat thing.  I don't know what it was.  The idea of eating goat creeped me out, and dh ordered it super spicy anyway.  He did say, though, that it did not have a lot of meat, and was mostly bones.  He liked the flavor, but I can't say anything else about it without getting a little weirded out.For dessert, we decided to order 3 different items (which we had NO idea about taste or presentation), and all sample them:-Gulab Jamoon (3) OK.  Kind of like denser doughnut holes with a thin cardamom syrup.  DH took one bite and said it tasted like dish soap, but I didn't mind the flavor as much as the squishiness.  I was thinking that they would be drizzled with the syrup, but they were soaked thoroughly.  -Rasmalai (3) Sort of a denser-than-ricotta cheese square, with cream and nuts on top.  EWWW  It was a grainy, strange texture (2 people mentioned spackle), and the flavor did not agree with any of us.-Qubani Ka Meetha (5) sort of an apricot jam served on vanilla ice cream and topped with nuts-Pretty decent, but not a very large serving for the price, and not very specialRemember that we had never had these dishes.  For all we know, this is exactly how they were supposed to be.  The service was prompt, and our drinks were never long before someone came along to refill them.Overall, we were very happy with the dinners we were served, and agreed that we would eat here again without hesitation.
4	I stumbled into Spice 9 for the first time today, and was immediately surprised.  This is not a cliche Indian restaurant.  The walls are not covered with pictures of Hindu dieties.  The music is not the old school Hindustani or Carnatic sangeet.  The sights and sounds are quite contemporary....and attractive.The food (luncheon buffet) was prepared and spiced quite well.  The service was attentive.  I look forward to my next visit.
5	Quality food. Relaxed atmosphere. The food is really fresh and it's clear the owners have a desire to serve high quality food.You can get items from super spicy to flavorful and mild. There's something for everyone.
3	The food is good, the service is average. I have had better Indian food but this is the best restaurant in it's vicinity.
5	I have eaten in a few Indian restaurant and this is one of the best ones.  I would suggest to go during lunch.  They have a great Buffett.  Service is pretty good too.
4	At lunch they have a really good buffet and for those who like it spicy this is it!.  I have ordered off the menu also and have been really pleased.  One of the ways I judge a restaurant for authenticity is to look around and see how many of the customers are from the ethnic group the restaurant represents and this one is always crowded with Indians.
4	I had the tikka masala, it was a creamy flavorful dish with a slow burn at the end. If you don't like spice, don't eat here. They have spacious seating and high chairs. But they do not have a kids menu. I recommend this place for date night.
4	As a weird tradition (the roots of which are lost to us!), my wife and I dine at an Indian restaurant for our anniversary.  Enter:  Spice 9.We've been casing this joint since we moved to Charlotte, and, lo and behold, our anniversary sneaks up on us!  After a bit of a seating miscue, we ordered our dinner; tikka masala for the lady, lababdar for myself.  Both dishes looked amazing, and tasted great.  This place is aptly named "Spice 9", as the burn sneaks up on you, just shy of #10!  Out of the two dishes, I was more impressed by the tikka masala.  The blend of sweet and tangy tomato cream sauce and the slow burn from the spices were second to none.  I dare say it's the best tikka masala I've ever had, but I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine.  Definitely worth a try though.  I second the "date night" option, as the atmosphere is more suited to couples (that's not to say kids aren't welcome, just more of a romantic vibe going on!).Noosh!
5	My husband and I love indian food.  He loves super spicy and I tend to like my indian food with just a little spice.  We believe that this is about the best indian food in the Charlotte area.  The Chicken Tikka is excellent and I recommend the lunch buffet.
4	The lunch buffet at Spice 9 is just wonderful! Each dish was clearly labeled and everything was very fresh and kept fully stocked. It was a nice mix of vegetarian/non vegetarian dishes.  The wait staff was pretty standoffish but I was fine with that.  A huge improvement over the express location uptown.
4	I can still almost taste our meal... it was WONDERFUL! I did not know Indian cuisine was this fantastic!The place is in a strip mall across from Concord Mills. Painted a shade of red on the interior and with walls covered in (very cool) modern art painted on table tops. Lots of reds, oranges, etc. And the best sign this place is awesome? Most of the patrons were from India, and were happily eating many of the colorful and flavorful dishes this little gem has to offer.The only thing that kept this place from receiving 5 stars was the service. Constantly having to flag down a waiter for a drink refill or even to place an order was a bit annoying, but they'll get better (hopefully).My boyfriend and I went with another couple and we shared three entrees, an appetizer, and naan. We ordered the Spice Masala Fish appetizer (that day it was Tilapia). WOW. Cooked perfectly, nice and spicy, and so so fresh. For our entrees, we had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Broan Prawn Curry, Chili Chicken and a couple of Naan orders. Unbelievably fantastic. The portions are huge and you get a bowl of rice that you can have replenished for free. I licked the bowl of the Chicken Tikka and Prawn Curry. I am NOT ashamed.They don't have much of a beer list (I think they have 4 beers... that's it), but they do offer a nice wine selection. I had the pinot noir with my meal, it paired wonderfully.I will DEFINITELY be making frequent trips up to Concord to go back here. It is worth the drive and the prices for the quality of food canNOT be beat!
5	By far the best Indian food restaurant in concord and beyond.
3	My wife and I went there last night for dinner. I ordered the chicken dosa and had to wait 30 minutes until it was done, my wife was already finished with her dinner by the time my food came out. The chicken was fatty and not much of a portion.  My wife got the chicken tiki Marsala which has always been good. The service was awful, no waiter had been assigned to our table and we had to ask for refills and even where my food was without a response from 3 waiters. Overall we were on the restaurant for 2 hours. I have decided I would not go back based on the service we received last night.
5	I love it! Good curry and great buffet price. Tandoori pollo is awesome. The place is very nice.
1	I've only ever been here once for a buffet lunch, so the al-a-carte menu might be good, but we were ignored by our server, and found the dishes to be greasy, bland, or overwhelmingly spicy.  I love Indian food, and was really hoping this would be better.  I'll keep going all the way to South Kings for Maharani's infinitely superior butter chicken and fresh naan.  Also, Naan bread should never never never never never be served in a buffet dish under a heat lamp.  A proper Indian restaurant should have a tandoor (clay oven), and should be cooking it fresh for every table.  It's the easiest thing in the world if you have the right oven.  Their's was soggy and dry at the same time, which is an awful combination.  I doubt I'll be going back.  (I'm a little psychotic about my Naan, but when it's done right it's amazing.)
5	Another one of my Indiand husbands favorite places to eat. Authentic south Indian Food.We compare all places to the Jackson Diner in Queens NY and this place is very close to perfection.
4	Positives: GREAT FOOD!!!!!!!!!!! OMG!!!! I dont think I've ever had a bad dish from this place but if I had to call one out, it may have to be their desserts...not always the greatest options there.Negetives: They open at 11:30...not sure if that's the magic moment, but it seams a bit later than what everyone else does. This place also seams to be newer, so their process of bringing customers in, seating them, and serving them is still a bit rusty. However, everyone is friendly and the food is great so this sorta makes up for these minor flaws.
3	I am torn between 3 stars and 4.  I believe 3.5 is fitting.  The food was excellent!  As always, the buffet allows me to see what I am going to eat.  If the eyes are pleasantly surprised, the stomach will follow.  We arrived at the restaurant after the lunch hour (around 2:30 PM).  This may have been the reason for the disheveled appearance of the restaurant and staff.   However, the buffet area was full of delightful dishes and the area was well maintained.  I must say the food was tasty and some of the traditional dishes were much better prepared than other establishments, and the presentation was excellent.  I look forward to another visit to Spice 9 for well prepared Indian cuisine.  Note, the cost of the buffet is around $13 which is a bit much for lunch rendering this restaurant a once in a while lunch visit.
4	i am giving 4 because its my savior in charlotte when it comes to indian food..But can be improved a lot..
3	Good food but bad customer service. Went on Jan 1st after reading good reviews here. Called ahead of time to make sure they'd be open as I was bringing a group and they even took my reservation. Got there and found the place closed! Not cool. Waited a bit as there were others waiting in the parking lot too, and they finally opened, half hour after my reservation! But once we were in the buffet lunch was pretty good. I stuck with the vegetarian, which was excellent. Others members of my group who had the non veg were disappointed; the tandoori looked like it was from the night before and the masala chicken had about 3 pieces in a vat of curry sauce (literally, I saw it for myself!). Also, there wasnt enough staff; it took forever to get out naan, chai, coffee. But once the place opened, it quickly filled up with what seemed like repeat customers...so  at least they seem to have a good enough track record to to keep people coming back!
4	The food at Spice 9 was really terrific. We had the Hyderabadi Dum Biryani, the Chicken Chettinad Dosa, and Naan and all were delicious.The Hyderabadi Dum Biryani is Basmati rice with Indian spices. We had it with chicken but you can also choose goat, shrimp, lamb, or egg. The rice was flavorful and had quite a bit of spice, so be careful if you are sensitive to spicy food. The chicken was also very good, although it is served still on the bone so you should be careful for that, too.The Chicken Chettinad Dosa is described as "savory rice and lentil crepes stuffed with chicken chettinad masala." That isn't quite accurate, as it was not stuffed. Instead it was served with the crepe flat on the plate with a pile of the chicken in the center. It was a little tricky to eat and we ended up tearing the crepe off with our fingers, but it was perfectly cooked and quite tasty. The chicken masala was also good and the dish came with some tasty sauces as well.The naan was fantastic. It came to our table piping hat directly from the clay oven. The only complaint here is that it didn't arrive at our table until our meal was 2/3 complete. That didn't stop us from eating all of it, though.The only thing that prevents me from giving 5 stars was the service. While our server was friendly and helpful, it seemed like she could have used some help on the floor. For the number of tables and diners, the staffing seemed low. Also, there was a young boy just wandering around the restaurant for most of the meal. It seems like he may be the son of one of the owners or staff. He wasn't disturbing the patrons, but it was odd to have this child roaming the floor.
3	Buffet had decent food selections during my visit here but overall taste of the food was not very authentic. Not sure I will return to this place.
5	Excellent tandoori mixed grill.  It had a variety of chicken pieces, some kebabs and shrimp.  All were perfectly cooked, everything aw tender and juicy,  I also had the garlic naan which was great also.
3	The food here was good.  We dined in and the portions are not as plentiful for the dinner prices.  I will say, the food was way better when we had take-out from the Ballantyne location. Go figure?   Anyway, I see online deals periodically for this place and may be taking advantage of such for future visits.
1	We have been a fairly regular customer at this place for a while. Over our last 3 visits, their service quality and food have deteriorated significantly. Today's visit was the last straw. We sat at our table waiting for basic drink orders to happen for about 10 minutes. Then our food in general arrived much after other larger groups who had come after us. To make things worse, the Kali Mirch ka paneer was completely under-seasoned. They put some undercooked paneer to pass for a tandoor dish with some sprinkled chat masala. We have had this same dish here before and it was my wife's favorite. This was basically nothing like it. Then their spring dosa which I ordered had undercooked cabbage with large pieces of carrots, completely skipped the part where these vegetables have to be finely chopped before stuffing them. Again, no seasoning or salt either in the stuffing for this. My favorite at this place used to be Mirchi Ka Salan, however after the last debacle of breads and food orders, I was hoping for a simple south indian meal thinking they cannot goof it up. I guess I was wrong.I don't think I will go back.
1	Just Bad- the waitress/hostess didn't really greet us, never smiled- said follow me. She asked what we wanted to drink before we ever even sat down. The place was dirty and furnishing looked worn. The buffet was very limited and below average. The only smile we saw from the staff was when we were paying the bill and they asked us to come again- Think not, I will be going to Sangrams in Cornelius
3	The food was good but instead of putting the naan bread out at the buffet, they brought it to your table. The problem was they didn't bring much and they were slow in bringing it. I basically go for the naan and the tiki chicken marsala. So I am not sure I'd go back.
3	The food is ok but if you like service without a smile then you will also find that here!
1	The food here is awful. This place has worsened over the last two years.Service is slow and lackluster. We had to wait ten minutes for the naan. Also the naan was not at all authentic. It was undercooked and doughy. The curries were terrible. One curry looked like a mix of old, stale curries and was totally unappetizing. None of the curries looked good or tasted good.Dessert consisted of over-fried items. Service was poor. We had to ask before getting the water glasses refilled. There was only one other customer in the restaurant, on a saturday. That should have been a clue for us.Very very pricey too. 20 dollars per person. NOT recommended at all!
1	CLOSED several months ago.  Now another restaurant, named "Aroma".
