5	112 degrees outside and I generally don't run my air conditioning in my car except for guests. I finally get to the UPS store on my way home to ship exchange yet another Chrome messenger bag (they're awesome, I'm just picky). As I'm standing at the counter filling out the shipping information I here a mans voice behind me.. "can I get you some water, or a soda pop? You look like you could use it".. as I swung around there is one of the most hunky daddies Ive seen in ages! Cropped short hair and shadow beard, tan, furry and had the most devastatingly piercing blue eyes. As I composed myself (yes, I had the vapors) and smiled back I couldn't help but think about his hot body all over...... well never mind! Super mega friendly service with smile.. as soon as I got home I was trying to think of anything else I could ship somewhere, anywhere just to see him again. Woof!You know where my mind is at this morning!
4	I can't believe this place doesn't have reviews yet!?  I have been in quite a few times; they are speedy and very friendly.  My most recent trip I just needed a strip of tape to seal the deal, literally to seal the envelope!  I was in-and-out the door in less than 2 minutes (pre-paid UPS postage)!  I always come here for my shipping needs since it is right around the corner with great service, and lots of shipping and packaging options.
1	After the last time I used this store I'll never go back.  The last time they got the recipient's name wrong,  The time before they got the recipients address wrong and somehow gave me an incorrect tracking number.On my last visit the employee, Jordon, was rude, unhelpful and yawned throughout the entire transaction. I had just started a thriving eBay business and wanted to use them exclusively for daily shipping of large quantities because they are very close.  I asked how I could estimate shipping charges and Jordon said she did not know, no further comment or help.  I also asked about insurance coverage and buying shipping supplies from them and she could not help me with that either.   Even the customer behind me made a comment as I walked out regarding how rude and unhelpful she was.  I had thought they would fit in perfectly with my successful business so I was disappointed in their customer service which is basically non-existent.I am now shipping large quantities daily so I go to the store on Indian Bend and Hayden.  I could schedule UPS pickups but I don't like leaving packages outside.This store might be good for small personal shipping or buying stamps but they definitely are not setup for business shipping or large quantity shipping.  I would not trust them to do any shipping.I normally don't so Yelp reviews but they really irritated and disappointed me.  I normally expect bad customer service, but they brought it to a new low.Thank you, I hope this was helpful.
1	You would think they would double check where they send packages before they send them out.  I had sent a watch in to be repaired, but they had lost it.  Then they called me back and said that they had found it and that it was on its way to the factory.  So I call the factory and then they tell me that they were fixing it.  Months later I call back that watch company and they have no record of it.  I have no idea what happened, but they lost it.  and I am out $110 watch.  Never again will I come back.
5	The manager (lady with grey hair) of this store is amazing and really goes out of her way to help customers without making them feel like they are bothering her. Genuinely a nice person.
