5	Great spot for a peaceful walk with or without your puppy dog.  There are well-marked trails and some with informative plaques regarding local flora.  Couple of decent geocaches in the area as well.I suspect this is a corridor for traveling wildlife.  I've seen a coyote or two, and imagine the javelinas seen down by sushi brokers came this way.This is shoehorned in between major roadways, so it is limited in size.   It's long but narrow in spots - or at least that is my impression. But, when you are in the heart of it you do feel away from it all.  However, if you are looking for a true desert walk, this might be a little too urban and sanitized for you.
3	I recently visited this park for a run. I have been here in the past for many runs with the Arizona Road Racers. I decided on a 3 star - to be honest I really hate it when running, but after it is over and I reflect on the run, it increases a little in standing because it is challenging.The course typically begins on pavement in the parking lot, then heads out in the open desert. Running on the dirt trails it is important to stay alert because there are dips, divots and obstacles to be mindful. I did run the We Support Our Troops 5K in January, which was totaly mismarked and caused me to mentally check out of the run; but typically the course is well marked and managed. This isn't the best or prettiest run you will have in the valley, but it is special. The magical combination of sweat, dirt and horse crap mix to create a unique experience that isn't soon forgotten.
5	This place is like soccer heaven.  How awesome!  Went to go watch the Galaxy play the Wizards and it made a great venue.  Right up next to the players.  No walls or fences to separate them.  Awesome!  They have a ton of fields and everywhere you look you see kids playing footie.  It's a great sight.  Hopefully some day facilities like this will pay off and the USA will bring home the Cup.
4	I just got back from a short hike on one small section of the trail system. I am in a power wheelchair and found the trails to be very user friendly. There are numerous and lengthy dirt trails with one short paved loop. There are trails open to full sun and some nice secluded areas in partial shade and an area where there is a small pond. This area is very quiet and really feels like an oasis in the desert.
5	There are many trails here and I love that it's almost impossible to get lost, even with the loops.It goes for miles, so it's really ideal for any length of a run or walk, with or without your dog, horse, or bike.There are bathrooms off of Cave Creek, lots of parking, and 4 major access points- @ Cave Creek & Deer Valley, off Tatum between Beardsley & Union Hills, 56th St (haven't entered here) and Scottsdale Rd (haven't entered here either).Beautiful scenery, mostly flat with a few small hills.There are baseball and soccer fields too.Also home to many, many events frequently going on. (Zombie Run!! Arizona Road Racers, youth sporting events, and more).I always look forward to going back.
5	I cannot believe I haven't written a review for reach 11 yet. This is my absolute favorite place to run in the valley! There are tons of trails that are hard packed dirt which is a great surface to run on. It's very easy to maneuver around the loops and their are mile markers and maps every so often if you feel lost. I've have ran so many training miles and have even raced on the trails here before. This is truly a runners heaven!!
5	While there are certainly more spectacular areas for hiking and biking, there are few more accessible less crowded and perfect for a family to walk run and bike and gather for grub afterwards.  My 5 year old can zip around the trails while I haul my 4 year old on the back until she is riding on her own and all the while the traffic and users are polite courteous and few and far between.  Lots of bird watching to be done and even rumors of a jack- a-lope or two in the area...
3	Reach 11 has about 18 miles of trails. I'm reviewing the area entering from the east side of Tatum.The first portion of the trail is paved then branches out to different well-marked connector trails of wide, hard packed dirt. It's a flat and easy hike with a lot of desert vegetation. You can feel like you are away from it all even though it's close to an urban area. We went on a Sunday in January and saw lots of families with children and lots with dogs. It was disheartening to see so much dog poop lining the sides of the trails. I get it, dogs have to go, but how difficult is it to pick it up? It's a groomed city park, not a wilderness area. We have a dog and always carry extra plastic bags in the car. Maybe if the city added a bag dispenser here as they do at other trail heads it might help.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. This was my first time here. I pulled into the lot and only one other vehicle was there, but the parking area was littered with broken glass that resembled car windows when they get busted. So, what happens after I return from my 50 minute jaunt - the other car's owner, an older woman, was telling me they smashed her windows and stole a few diamond earrings she had and other stuff. She was a bit distraught and cops were arriving as I pulled out. Stay the hell out of North Phoenix and hike in Scottsdale. Too bad, because the trails are very pretty with an arch of trees over one path and a hidden lake about a mile into the walk. Unless I see a survelliance system installed (yeah right), I'm taklng my legs elsewhere.
3	There were a couple of places I wasn't sure which way I should go to stay on the trail because of numerous sets of footprints going different ways and somewhat large areas of open dirt. There were only a couple of people out this morning, so parking was open and the trail was not crowded. There were a couple of super loose sandy spots, but for the most part it was solid ground.
