2	Disclaimer: I am not a resident at Paragon. I went in looking for a 1-bedroom apartment. I am on the hunt for an apartment and I took myself through north scottsdale today, stopping in at paragon on my tour. I would say that just about every apartment sales office that opens on sundays (some don't, granted) opens at 12PM and stays open to 4 or 5PM. I arrived at 12:45 to find out that Paragon doesn't open until 1PM. lame. I toyed with leaving and not seeing the property, but didn't listen to my instincts (mistake #1). I waited it out and came back at about 1:05. I walk inside and there is no one at reception, well fine, i'll just wait. Someone yells from the back "Morning!!" I don't know if they are talking to me so I say nothing. "MORNING!!!" again. "oh hi there" I reply. "You are just going to have to wait, I'm setting up still!" Huh? Who says that? I wasn't complaining about waiting, and besides that, you don't talk to clients or prospective clients that way. Iris walks out and offers me a cookie as she walks by saying "you know we don't open until 1PM" me: "It is one, isn't it?" her: "barely." UGH! Why didn't I leave?! Then we are talking and she's getting my info and she asks my price range and then tells me "oh well you won't find that here." and yet I didn't leave (mistake #56 at this point). So for the first half of the tour and explanation she is a big puffed up elitist telling me how exclusive this is or how fancy and amazing that is.  Amazingly by the second half of the tour she was telling me she could get the price down to my price range (through flagrantly faulty math) and saying she could really picture me here. Yikes, no thanks lady!A 1-bedroom here runs $990 a month with no utilities included. The apartment and the complex are nice, but I have seen apartments that are equally as nice with the exact same amenities for $250 less per month. And with the offensive attitude of the sales person, I simply cannot imagine what kind of elitist douche-bags actually live here. if you are a normal person living at paragon, god bless you i don't know how you do it.
4	Pros: Great staff!  They care. The staff is what makes this complex worth moving in.  Great location. Great pool and decent workout facility.  Maintenance (although I had little to no issue) very responsive.  Parking is easy. Golf course units have a great view. Complex grounds are kept up very nicely.Cons:  Month to Month Rental premiums are really steep.  Rent went up several hundred dollars in a few months time.  Apartments need to be renovated to have more upscale finishes given the price range. Also, be prepared to add a couple hundred dollars in utilities a month. Really, cons are only the rent ($$)  given the units finishes and month to month premium.
1	This apartment is TERRIBLE!!!! I have had nothing but issues since I moved in 2 weeks ago. Not only did the staff misinform us on information about the apartment prior to moving in, but they called me 3 days before moving in to tell me that I have to wait another day to move in because the office is closed. We had this move in date set for 3 months. Now this may not be an issue to many people, but it was a problem for me because I moved from Chicago. I needed to move in the day I was planning on because I had no where else to stay. That was just the beginning though... 1.) We realized a few days after moving in that we were charged over $500 more on our rent than we were supposed to pay. They did inform us that we paid $420 over. However, after reviewing the statement the office gave us, which included everything we were charged and have paid, it made no sense. Basically, we saw that they charged us two times on things that should have only been charged one time and all of the math was wrong. The amount they owe us just kept adding up. 2.) We have ZERO cell service in our apartment. It is a complete dead zone. My roommate and I are also not the only ones with this issue. We have talked to other residents who have complained about having no cell service. This may not be the staff's problem, which we understand, but it sucks that I have to lay against my bedroom window just to talk to my mother because that is literally the only place I can get MAYBE 2 bars on my phone.3.) The next issue, which we have ben dealing with for about a week now, is our cable. The day we moved in the staff in the office told us that we can get Cox or DirecTV. We decided on DirecTV. The morning the man came to install it, he told us that these things he needed to access on the roof were completely closed off and he could not access them until the maintenance people opened them. My roommate and I went straight to the office to ask if they could open the things on the roof. They told us it would be a half hour, so we had to send the DirecTV man away so we could make his other appointment. FOUR HOURS LATER, the maintenance people still had not fixed anything. I went and asked the office if it was finished yet and the lady helping me didn't even think to call the maintenance people to ask, she only thought to e-mail them. Pretty dumb considering a phone call would take much less time and she would get a response quicker through a phone. I went in the office again the next day to see if they finally finished the task, and they told me it was all worked out. So the DirecTV man came back today. He told us that the maintenance people only opened one of the things on the roof and not all of them. When we went to ask the maintenance people to finish their original task, they were extremely rude to us. They also proceeded to tell us that WE need to go to all of the apartments above us and ask if we can get access to their utility closet on their balconies in order to drag a cord down to our apartment just so we can get cable. I find this completely ridiculous!! We shouldn't have this many issues just to get cable in our apartment. Also, the maintenance people should have done everything that needed to be done 5 days ago when we originally asked them to. They just did a half ass job and complained that they have "too much to do." BULL SHIT!I have only lived here for 2 weeks and I already hate it. I have never had more issues than I have had here in any other apartment I have lived in. The staff in the office have no idea how to help us with anything, and the manager is extremely rude. Not only was she a total bitch to my roommate, but she was even more awful to my roommate's mother. Completely disrespectful and not helpful one bit. The only good thing about this place are the amenities. The pool is pretty and they have a good gym. Besides that, I would NOT suggest living here.
