5	The pastries and coffee were really delicious. The owner is very sweet and friendly. He gave us lots of great recommendations of things to do during our stay in Montreal. Plus they have free Wifi. Overall a wonderful experience!
5	The cornetti bring back memories of Italian summers spent stumbling out of clubs in the wee hours searching for a sugar fix. The pastries are as authentic as the very sweet and friendly owner.
5	I was passing by and I stopped in when I remembered reading the reviews here. I have to say, my cousin and I walked in not expecting much and we were very pleasantly surprised! The cornetti reminded me of trips to Italy sipping coffee with a cornetto standing at the counter! I only had the whipped ricotta cornetto and it was absolutely divine! It is a little out of the way for me but I would definitely make the detour!
5	The best cannolis you can find in the city! Located in the little Italy, La Cornetteria offers indulgence typical Italian desserts along with amazing coffee! Do try out their cornetti freshly baked every day. These croissant-like pastries are much more similar to brioche in texture with a subtle orange blossom flavor and are filled with yummy creamy fillings such as nutella, ricotta, pistachio, etc. Their cannolis have a fluffy and light ricotta filling along with a crisp and amazing shell! And in addition to all these delicious goodies, La Cornetteria delivers as well!!! I love love love that place!
4	After reading that La Cornetteria had their own version of the cronut, the cronetto, I couldn't resist swinging by to try one while in the area.  It's a tiny cafe that has been nicely decorated and there are some very nice aromas that greet you when you enter.  The cronetto costs $4 so it is a little on the pricey side but if you try it once it is definitely worth it.  It's filled with custard, flaky and sweet.  I enjoyed it quite a bit although it was kind of messy to eat.  They also make a really good capuccino which totally beats out chains like Starbucks or Second Cup.I definitely need to go back to this place to try more of their pastries but the next time I'd go for their cornetti which also looked really good.
5	Oh. My. God. Perfection in a cronut!! Definitely worth the a*s expansion.... The taste, the flakiness, the sugarness... A must try!!!
4	LOVED the cronuts! Also had great coffee & cornettis. Definitely go between 8am and 2pm if you want cronuts - they sell out super quick!
5	Cronetto? Yes, please! I got to try two variations of this Italian "cronut" - original custard and then Nutella which was flavor of the week (I think). These were my first cronuts, but they were amazing....everything I imagine a cronut should be - sweet, flaky,  light yet indulgent. I could eat one every day!We also tried custard donuts and macarons. The donut was filled to the brim with custard - a perfect (if naughty) breakfast. The macarons were delicate and crumbly when bitten. I'm not a macaron expert, but they would good - the only quibble would be that they were inconsistent size-wise.
3	I just couldn't fathom spending $4.00 on a cronetto again when everything else in the display looked very good and was cheaper, I might come back to try a cornetto or a cannoli. The counter person was very nice and even gave us a free gluten-free cookie to try. So we might be back, just not for the cronetto as the combination of a croissant and a donut is not something I would want to eat again, it was extremely sweet and greasy.
3	The cronuts are alright, though were a little dry. I arrived early on a Friday morning to pick up two cronuts, and was dismayed that I did not see any in the case. When I asked if they were available, the person at the register called to the back, and out came the owner carrying two full trays of freshly made cronuts. Despair turned into joy. Not only did they have cronuts, but I would be the first one to have a taste. I eagerly ordered two cronuts - one for me and one for my boyfriend - as well as an espresso macchiato (they use Lavazza espresso, so the coffee is pretty decent!).The cronuts, however, could use some improvement. They were a tad dry for my liking, even though they were fresh. I tried the custard flavor. The custard was piped on top of the cronut, rather than inside the cronut, like the original version found in New York.  Perhaps the cronuts would be less dry if the custard were piped inside the cronut and the cronut were topped with an additional glaze. Overall, the cronut experience here was ok. I don't think they were worth $4 a piece though.
4	When visiting Montreal, I knew I had to try this place for the cronuts. I stopped in while on my way home from Montreal and picked up 2. They were a bit smaller than I imagined, but given the sweetness once I got into them, the size is good. They really are as tasty as I had hoped, though *really* oily and greasy. I would have a hard time paying $8 for 2 again, but I definitely enjoyed them.
5	absolutement fantastique! i loved that this little shop was so cute, the proprietors attentive and the cronuts just divine! this was actually my first taste of a cronut and i thoroughly enjoyed it. they also have free wifi and for a traveling tourist, this provided me with a great opportunity to sit down, relax, enjoy some snacks, and catch up on social media :)
4	it's my go to spot when i'm in little italy. i mostly get the cornetti then came the cronut craze which i had to try. i find them to be overly sweet (and that's coming from someone who has a sweet tooth)and then, the mother of all, the cronut burger (or like they call it, cronetto burger) first made available during little italy's italian week just right before burger week. it was simply divine. the savory patty cut the richness and sweetness of the cronetto making it just right. $7 for one. tad expensive but it's not every day you'd get something like that. would i eat it again? YES!
3	Sorry but the cronetto doesn't make justice to the original cronut, still good though. In the other hand, I had a delicious gluten free lemon pie which was to die for!
3	I haven't been to the original cronut bakery, the long lines are too intimidating. But thanks to La Cornetteria, I've got a taste of the famous croissant/donut. :)
4	Location: Little Italy, on the Main. You've probably walked be in a hundred times without even noticing this place, unless of course, you happened to be walking by while they were baking. Then the smell probably pulled you in. The place: Small, nothing fancy. The goods: I stopped by to pick up some strawberry Cronettos to accompany my Olimpico coffee early Saturday morning. I'm generally not a fan of donuts and neither is my date, however we both got great enjoyment out of those Cronettos, let me tell you. I was worried they would be sickeningly sweet but was pleasantly surprised, as this wasn't the case. The strawberry cream was super light and while there was a little too much brown sugar (?) on the doughnut (it ended up in my lap of course), I didn't find this pastry to be heavy at all. Great flavor, though a little messy to eat! Make sure you've got some napkins!Service: OK.Price point: Honestly, at $4 a pop, they're expensive. I think a more reasonable cost would be $2 each.
