1	I shipped a computer (custom built!) with these guys and purchased additional insurance for the value of the package ($900). When I brought the box in, it was still open so they could inspect the way it was packaged.When I brought it in, they said the packaging was fine, charged me about $70 plus an additional fee for the declared value insurance on the package when they asked if the value of the contents was greater than $100. Then they sealed it up with their own packing tape right on the counter.When the package arrived at my location in California, the box was soaking wet, holes were punched and ripped at various portions of the box, and the edges of the box were ripped in some places. When I opened the box to reveal the computer, the entire metal frame of the computer was tweaked from various severe impacts (the door on the side won't even open without having to pry it off), all plastic casing on the front of the computer was shattered/damaged and destroyed, and there was a large puncture wound in the top of the case (stabbed?) in the METAL FRAME! Needless to say, the computer won't even turn on any more!When I called the store to have my claim filed, the people there were very obscure about what the process was for the claim. They never called back when they said they would. I ended up having to send in photos of the box as it was received directly to UPS via e-mail (using someone else's computer of course) because they didn't want to send an inspector to my location. By the fourth week of the ordeal I had to call at least three or four times to figure out my claim was denied at the end of it all for "insufficient packaging". I was of course completely infuriated.What gives these people the right to completely destroy people's property? My box was labeled "Fragile" and "This side up" on every side just in case it might have helped in transit. My box had been clearly mishandled with puncture wounds, tears, etc and the damage to the frame of the computer is evidence of severe impacts (drops from 4+ft and/or kicking/slamming) and was more than well packed enough with 2-4in of cushioning on all sides of the box and bubble wrap wrapped around the computer case. The computer was in mint condition inside a brand new shipping box and now it is completely destroyed! If I wanted to have a brand new computer destroyed, I most certaintly wouldn't have paid these people to do it, let alone pay ADDITIONAL INSURANCE for absolutely nothing!These people took my money (for shipping and insurance!) for a service that involved completely destroying my property. They've provided me no additional recourse to collect on my wrecked computer. Now I'm out about $100, a brand new computer, and a ton of wasted time! I can't believe this is legal. I would stay FAR FAR FAR AWAY from this store and probably from any UPS service in general!
5	This location is very convenient and my go to place for UPS service !!!All my deliveries are handled by the personnel at this UPS store. I have used them for over two years and the service, handling of all matters relating to shipping, packing, handling of mail is excellent.  They are very customer service oriented.  I  know my packages will be safe and I am there picking up my mail several times a week.  I am always greeted by my first name with a smile and "How can we help you." ... they are very friendly and helpful and with attention to detail and I always get my questions answered when I have a concern about sending or getting a delivery.  I appreciate that neighborhood  feeling like the good old days.  So, yes I would recommend this business, this location and the services they provide.
5	Friendly staff that is eager to help with a smile. I'd definitely come back here. I've been to many different ups stores and this one has consistently served me well.
5	Scot is incredibly interested in finding out how his store's services can help people in the community.As a new business owner, he explained my options for P.O. boxes (which they list as "Suites," allowing me to use that suite address when starting my business. The state commission will not accept P.O. boxes as business addresses).Very pleasant staff; nothing but positive interactions. It makes my business work better by taking some things off my plate.
5	.
