1	This review pertains to their subsidiary airline, "Go!" in the Hawaiian islands. Don't Fly Go!Wow! I have never run into a less competent airline. These people couldn't run a bicycle-rickshaw taxi service, let alone an airline. If you're spending a lot of money to come and enjoy the islands, don't do what I've done, which is book interisland flights through go. They'll be at least an hour late most of the time. However, today one flight left 12 minutes early, and so I missed my connection. I watched my aircraft pull away as I was arriving on another - they couldn't hold it for two minutes. Why?Because they don't care. At all! Not even a little. No apology for allowing an aircraft to leave 12 minutes early, consigning me to an later flight. This is, fortunately, the last flight I've booked with Go, and I will never, ever book another flight with them, or with any other Mesa Air Group airline.
1	Horrible airlines that constantly reschedules flights due to so called "maintenance" which I believe is their inability to fill a flight so therefore they use the maintenance excuse to bump passengers to the next scheduled flight which could be several hours out.
1	I've flown with Go/Mesa airlines several times and previously had no major complaints with quality and service commensurate with a budget airline.Unfortunately, I just had a terrible experience.  On 3/17/14 they announced they are cancelling all flights within Hawaii, but they never emailed about this (which could have easily been done for every affected customer that day), and didn't call me to discuss it until 3/29 (less than 2 weeks before our scheduled flight) to inform us that we only had 2 options: get rescheduled to a Hawaiian Airlines flight 6hrs later than we originally planned, or receive a refund to buy tickets on a different airline (of course by now the prices of said tickets were sky high).The part that really irked me is that Hawaiian Air had seats available in flights that were almost at the exact same time as our original flight, but Go/Mesa refused to reschedule us to one of those flights because they said they couldn't afford it.  That's inexcusable, and the reason why I'll never fly with Mesa Air again, if I can avoid it!
