4	It's no wonder that the line is out the door at this Mesa Chipotle every day. The meu is pretty simple: Tacos, Burritos, Burrito Bowl and chips. BUT everything is delicious -- even the quesadilla which you they will make but isn't on the menu.My favorite is the Burrito Bowl with chicken, rice, pico, medium salsa, sour cream and cheese. The bow is the way to go for the ladies -- those burritos are huge! And the salty tortilla chips here are some of the best I've ever had.
4	love this place.  however, the burrito will not get you out of a ticket for driving in the carpool lane. lol.  i have eatin at a few chipotles in the valley and this one has the best service.  they go the extra mile to make the best burrito
5	Boy I'm a hog in heaven again now that I've found this place. These burritos with the tin foil wrap make for the easiest lunches that are nice and filling. They also serve tacos, bowls and salads, but who wants those? I'm sure they're good, just haven't had one yet. Carne Asada burrito with no beans, extra rice, salsa, sour cream and cheese rocks. Be prepared for lines around lunch, but they move quick so don't be alarmed. Friendly service is always there, epically when they tell you guacamole costs extra (only downside.)  This location does seem more oriented toward the lunch crowd as I've seen them bring out extra people to speed things up unlike other locations.  Hope to see you there.
5	I've been coming here for YEARS (well, not this particular one, but you know what I mean) so it's a little surprising I haven't reviewed them yet! This location is probably the best one I've been to-service is always awesome (44th & Thomas sucks with service, as does Camelback & the 51!), location is great-never had any issues with finding parking (unlike the one at Chandler mall = good luck!), and the food is always amazing! So if you've never (**gasp**) been here before, it's pretty basic. They offer burritos, burrito & fajita bowls, salad bowls, and tacos (soft or hard, of course). Choose from chicken, steak, barbacoa, carnitas or vegitarian. Option of black or pinto bean. Salsa here is absolutely fantastic!! I ALWAYS get the corn & pico but they have a couple other options for those that like spicier. Obviously cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and guac are available to top it all off. I always get the same thing- steak burrito bowl (no rice) with black beans, corn & pico salsa, cheese, and guacamole. My mouth is watering just THINKING about it and I just ate here yesterday!! I love that they offer beer & margaritas in addition to the soda option-some days it's just necessaryThe ONLY thing that annoys me (just a little) is that EVERY time I ask for guac, they inform me that it's $1.80 extra and is that ok? ugh. Obviously they musta had someone complain about not knowing, but seriously?
4	I had about 20 minutes yesterday to go in and get the burritos made (we got steak) and get back home.  And it was no problem.  Food was fresh, burrito was very good, they made the burritos exactly how I asked.  The place was sparkling clean.  I got a grapefruit soda, and it was warm and the front counter person was a little snotty, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.  I'll be back!
5	My wife, almost 1 year old and myself love going here as setting is quiet, casual and we can kick back not worrying too much about if the baby gets upset. And the food is is good and affordable.
4	Chicken burrito! That's all I ever get from any Chiptole anymore. This one is kinda sorta hidden over by what was long ago a  Best Buy.
5	Chipotle is by far one of my favorite restaurants. It's healthy, or as healthy as you want it to be, fresh (they use local & organic whenever possible), and fast. They even have an app (but who doesn't these days) or take orders by fax. This location doesn't seem to have the usual high turnaround of most fast food type places and has several nice employees who remember my order and always smile and chat you up. My only complaint is they don't have red peppers like they're Cali stores. Of course when I asked I was told it's because they use whats best, fresh & local so I guess fresh green peppers are better than frozen red peppers.
4	Used to get straight up burritos. Know I am kinda on the burrito bowl path. With a little bag of chips and a cold drink you can't go wrong. Makes the dining experience especially for lunch a little pricey but hey. Its fresh Mex.
5	My friend and I came to Chpotle for dinner we start ordering but I noticed that the steak was not ready so when the worker "Justin " asked me what did I want I said a burrito with chicken and steak but because the steak was going to take a few mins to be ready he gave me a cup for me to get a drink while I wait at this time my friend already had her food and drink at a table so by the time the steak was done and it was a huge burrito Justin again has to help her co worker to heat up 2 tortillas to make the burrito roll now this was nice to my surprise the cashier Taylor told me I didn't has to pay that it was taking care because I had to wait for that long,I'm very happy for the caring and the 100 % customer service here I will come back again and tell everyone tooThank you Justin,Taylor and Chipotle you Rule.
2	I LOVE Chipotles spices they use on their steak and chicken like you cannot believe. What I do not love about this particular establishment is that it seems like every time I go they forget to add a part of my order to the to go bag. It takes me a little while to get here b/c of all the stupid traffic lights from my office off of price and southern.  So it is annoying to get to the office finding out they are forgetting to put someones food that was paid for and having to go back to get it or salad dressing for the salad. Kinda stuff that is crucial.So annoying.
4	The best place to get out of a bind when you're on the road and want to eat healthy!  I eat here all the time and appreciate the fresh food.  I recently found out Chipotle is owned my McDonalds (I only heard but haven't verified) which I thought was interesting.  Nonetheless, the food is always great.  They recently added brown rice which is a big win for me on the battle of the bulge front.  I also really like the corn pico de gallo they have.  Gives everything a sweet touch.
5	I love chipotle and this location is the best. Fresh ingredients made your way by friendly and helpful staff. Many Chipotle locations tend to have crazy lines and this one never seems as it does. One of the few chain restaurants I will go to.
5	I love this place I could and almost do eat there every day. The fresh steak salad is the healthiest choice out there!
2	Extremely disappointed with the service I received today. For being a Sunday and being prime lunch time there were only about 2-3 people ahead of us when we got to the tortilla press yet not one person greeted us when we entered the building, not even the manager who was working on the line. Then when we did get to the line we received no greeting other then 'what can I get for you.' Then was denied my request for a specific item that has been receiving A LOT of attention. I had requested a quesadilla and a burrito and was going to request that my burrito was wrapped with the quesadilla. Commonly being referred to as a 'quesaritto.'The tortilla press worker didn't consult any other staff and did not take into consideration that there wasn't more then three people behind us. The entire mood of the restraint was actually quite dull. The only person who seemed to be in any type of friendliness was the girl working at the salsa station and even that was minimal. There was NOTHING exceptional or anything near the expectations that I have usually received for a chipotle visit. For the tortilla press girl to refuse my request like that was infuriating and to have an excuse such as 'we don't do that during certain hours' is ludicrous. If I were to visit ANY other establishment and request something off of their 'secret' menu I would never be denied. Needless to say I am utterly disappointed with the entire visit and will also be posting said review on Yelp. I hope when I call into the store that they have a better explanation for why I was denied my request since this was the one thing I visited the store for today. Also, for the individual just standing in plain site in a baseball cap and street clothes was the icing in the cake for me. I won't be returning to this location ever. Only reason I'm giving this is a two star is because I still love the food.
1	I love Chipotle usually, but when I went into the store for the first time a month ago I was HIGHLY disappointed. The customer service was pathetic. The girls just stared at me like I was in the wrong for bothering them in the middle of their conversation to order. I went back a week ago to give it another shot, because I believe in second chances, but the service was maybe one smile of a difference. They obviously don't care about their customers at this place and just want to be somewhere else.
1	Not a fan of this location at all. I love chipotle as a whole and it's a great company   This location makes me think different. I usually go during my lunch break and it is usually quite busy but there service is terrible and they give you barely any rice or veggies but charge you an arm and a leg for there tiny portions. I went there yesterday and I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning. They need to step up there game.
1	I am a HUGE fan of chipotle, but man this location is the worst. I went with friends and we got Horridly sick. Beware
1	Worst chipotle eve!! Every time I've been here seems they are getting stingier and stingier with their meats. Not even a full scoop! Might as well start weighing every serving rather than you making the decision for me. PINCHING PENNY RESTAURANT.  You dont get what you pay for. Never coming back
2	First of all, I love Chipotle, their ingredients, food, quality of food, etc. The people who work at this particular location were not unfriendly, although there seemed to be a major lack of communication between the first and last person in the assembly line.My step son and I came in to get dinner to go for us and his dad. We explained to the first person that we had two free burritos or bowls of our choice with these little baseball card sized coupons. OK. So we get all the way to the end, the guy first doesn't recall me ordering my son's kids meal, then figures it out. Then he informs me I can only use one of these freebies  per transaction. Nope, doesn't say that, not even in the fine print,  but if you insist, then please just split it and we'll be on our way. They figured it out and we were on our way.Fast forward to eating our delicious meal at home and my steak in my burrito was uber gristly, and then to top it off, I BIT into a piece of plastic. Someone clearly wasn't paying attention to what they were cutting and let a piece of some kind of plastic into my burrito.Do mistakes happen? Yep. Am I likely to go to Chipotle again? You bet. This one? Not very likely.No it's not the people, no it's not the food, it has everything to do with how complicated they made us redeeming the coupons, and the foreign piece of plastic I bit into.
3	The service at this location has always been great and the food has been really good in the past but as of late the quality of the food has declined. The steak has been over cooked and it just doesn't have the flavor other locations have. Overall the ingredients just don't have the same great taste that other locations have. The last 4 times I ate at this location have been a little disappointing. But I do need to stress the service is good and it's always clean in the resturant I just hope they can bring up the quality and taste of the food back to what they did in the past.
1	I would rather eat dog food. I have hated this place for years. The service us horrible.  The food is bland and flavors less.  And any place that charges $1.75 for guacamole is weak. I have no idea why so many people flock here.
