5	Provisions Pest Control is AMAZING! Very thorough, top notch service. Everyone was extremely friendly and accomodating. I highly recommend them!
5	When ants invade your new home, your food, and every inch of your home you PANIC.  I called Provisions Pest Control and they came out DAY OF!  They didn't offer me extensive paperwork to fill out, NO contracts, and NO up selling.  Las Vegas is known for bug issues- it's the dessert.  Give all others a try- then when you're fed up with marketing scams and up charges and just plain dishonesty...CALL Provisions. P.S.  they don't push coming out every month, but with service this fast, this amazing and this specialized, why wouldn't you want them to?  Also, there is something to be said about honest ppl who know what good service is, and what it is just to be good ppl and caring business owners- these ppl know.  Forget the rest.
5	Edwin has been spraying my house for nearly a year and I have no complaints.  He is friendly, professional, and extremely affordable compared to the other 8 pest control companies I called when I first moved to Vegas.  No contracts, $30 every other month for my house, and if I see any bugs in between, he will come out and spray the house again for free.  I have never had to call Edwin out in between service time because he is very thorough and uses good quality spray.  I get text alerts on servicing time and he is always there when he says he will be.  Edwin, you're awesome, thanks for the great job!!
5	I just moved to the Henderson and needed to start pest service. I wanted to use a family run business and saw reviews on Yelp for Provisions. Edwin is a true professional and extremely efficient. He showed up on time and explained the services he provided and was very price competitive. I am extremely happy I chose Provisions!!!
5	Edwin was extremely professional, knowledgeable and very courteous. He clearly knows his business very well. We hired them after finding a scorpion in the house and plan to keep them coming back every month.
5	We just moved in the area and needed to do some pest control. Not that we have any bugs or roaches in the house but in the backyard. I called him and got an appointment scheduled the very next day. Today he came over and he is super friendly, calm and knowledgable. No stress, no pressure, no contract to sign. Very little paperwork. And all kid and pet friendly products. Over all a great experience. Will recommend to friends and landlord!
5	We have been using Provisions since October 2013. In the past years we used a friend and while he was good, we started having scorpion problems inside the house a year and a half ago.  We started using Provisions due to our friend moving out of state. So, we called around a few places and Edwin got back to me quickly and came out a few days later to explain their process and how they treat homes.  Edwin is very professional, knowledgeable about pests, and thorough and friendly.  Since using Provisions we have not seen any scorpions and the small ant problem we had the second month in after three days of heavy rains was resolved by Edwin fast. Edwin also sends texts reminding you of your appointment and is always prompt. Cannot say enough nice things.  We highly recommend Provisions to any one.
5	Provisions is by far the best pest control company that I have ever used. First off  no contracts you will not find that anywhere. Edwin is very professional and has worked around my schedule not me working around his. We had a spider problem when we moved in and after his first spraying the problem is gone. Give them a try and you will be very happy you did.
5	We were referred to Edwin at Provisions through a mutual friend who also uses him. Very satisfied with the service we've had since last fall. Edwin is very courteous and  professional, on time, price is reasonable, and we haven't had any more bug issues. We would recommend him to our family and friends!
5	We have been so happy with our pest control service through Provisions Pest Control.  They text each month to let us know the day and time they will be servicing our home and our house is bug free.  Thank you!
5	It has been a true pleasure working with you after another pest control company stood me up. Chelsea at the office and Edwin the technician are very courteous and professional. They both went out of their way to make sure I was satisfied. Keep up the good work! Sincerely, another satisfied 5 star yelper.
5	Excellent service, very reasonable priced, professional and always arrives at the time they say they will.  No contracts, no strings  attached, friendly text reminders of when your next service will be (thanks Chelsea) and honest and reliable service.  We had a german roach problem in which Edwin got under control immediately therefore we never have to worry about having roaches again.  Highly recommend this company,  you won't be disappointed.
5	We have used provisions pest for almost two years now.. The cost and service are exceptional and we don't have any pest problems. They are always on time and send friendly reminders about service date and time. I have referred friends and our whole family uses their service.  If you need bug control they know what they are doing.
5	These guys are really great.  We've been using them for a few years now.  When we moved from Henderson to Vegas, we found our new home had tons of black widows camping out in our yard.  We called Edwin the next morning and he came out right away and took care of them.  We haven't had a problem with spiders since.  I highly recommend these guys.  Fast and affordable service!
5	The best! Edwin and Chelsea are professional and extremely nice! No contract and great prices. Highly recommended!!!
5	Y'all. We just moved to NV and have discovered these terrifying things called scorpions. Called Provisions today--and they came out today. Affordable, pet-friendly products, no annual contract. Edwin and Chelsea are SUPER friendly. Edwin carefully sprayed indoors & outdoors.....and told me everything I need to know about scorpions. We will definitely schedule them monthly. Thank you, Provisions! (And goodbye scorpions!)
