3	Touro University Nevada features many programs like Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine, Physician Assistant, Health Education, Occupational Therapy, and Nursing (Bachelor not required).I am currently a nursing student in the Entry Level Masters Program. This program is 6-7 semesters long: the first 4 semesters are the accelerated BSN portion (16 months), which will give students a BSN at the end and eligibility to take the N-CLEX exam to be a registered nurse. A previous bachelors is not needed for the first phase, but required if you want to be in the Entry Level Masters program. After this phase is complete, the next couple of semesters is the Masters portion which will give students a Masters in Nursing after completion. Despite many unforeseen occurences during our school year, the nursing program is providing valuable education and experience.Good place to go for nursing school if you already know that you want to do it, and will get it done quickly...
3	I too am a nursing student at this school...and i'm not even sure of what to say! I kinda wanna say no comment...but ahhh..so many thoughts going through my head right now! Just joking...i would recommend it to anyone who would be willing to move out here! What sucks though is that many people are unfamiliar with the school...so when you're trying to get in as a local at certain clubs on the strip...they just look at you funny! Like what...touro!?!? Where is that?!?!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Park's for about 2 years now. I'm part of his "I Do" program that helps people with diabetes that do not have health insurance. Dr. Park and his nurse Noelle are always very helpful and ready to answer all my questions. He has helped me control my diabetes and other medical problems. Part of going to Touro is seeing student Doctors. They usually come in before Dr. Park to review my reason for being there. Then after the doctor comes in he discusses with the student doctor about what the plan of action should be. I think it's nice I'm able to help student doctors and get a good check up all at the same time.In a world were people are money hungry, especially in the medical field, Dr. Park and his staff go out of their way to be helpful and caring. Make sure you call in advance for appointments if your going to see Dr. Park because he is only there certain days of the week. Touro also observes all Jewish holidays, so keep that in mind if they are not there during the week.I would totally recommend Touro to anyone looking for an awesome doctor!
2	I am a student at Touro University Nevada. WARNING TO ALL STUDENTS! They have the WORST health insurance of all time. The health insurance tries everything they can to get out of the claims, and they are expensive. This is not just my experience, but they experience that every student in my class with health insurance from school has had. I submitted a claim in November... it is now MARCH and it still has not been processed. The hospital actually sent me a note saying they do not believe that I have health insurance because it has taken so long. They send you all of the superfluous forms to fill out/Also, the program that I am in is okay.....  not great.
