4	Not so much a food truck as a trailer, this business is all about smoky BBQ with a few unique offerings that get points for originality.  The menu breaks down pretty simply, you can have you choice of meat with as a sandwich (i.e. it's loaded between a bun) or as a platter, with your choice of 2 sides.  Sides are Southern style and just what one would expect (baked beans, cole slaw, mac n' cheese, etc.).  The meats are smoked and carry that flavor profile, along with a healthy dose of the BBQ sauce, which is a nice combo of tangy and sweet.  Finger lickin' good to this guy!  Sadly, the smoky flavor also carrie into the mac n' cheese, which is a downgrade in my book.  I'd prefer the creamy richness of a good melting cheese to contrast against the smokiness and tang of the meat and sauce.In the originality column, though, is their salmon offering.  Flaky, moist and it works surprisingly well with the BBQ sauce.  I've got a new go-to at this mobile kitchen.  Same goes for their spring rolls, and in particular the one stuffed with sweet potato.  A crispy on the outside, yet chewy on the inside, wonton wrapper surrounds essentially the quintessential sweet potato casserole, complete with melted marshmellow, cinnamon, and butter.  All deep friend to a golden brown.  Folks, this is a serious fat boy food, but just one bite will have you finding every justification possible to finish off the very last bite.The same should be said for their BBQ Sundae.  Now, you can't be a person who doesn't like their different foods to touch, but if you like to swirl it all up and taste the creation, this is for you.  Layers of baked beans, cole slaw, meat and sauce all in a big cup.  It's a full meal in a 16oz cup!  It won't appeal to everybody, but it is clearly a hot seller and unique to this kitchen.  In all, the meats are well smoked and flavored, the BBQ sauce is delectable and the sweet potato egg rolls should not be missed.  When it's time for hearty dinner, this mobile kitchen knows how to lay it down.
3	This isn't the most elite of food trucks but they certainly have some competitive offerings.  Who would think a BBQ vendor would have a variety of egg rolls on the menu?!  Well these aren't your typical egg rolls!  I tend to overeat when I visit OooWee.  There are so many things that I want to try, I can't decide on just one.  I've yet to try an egg roll that I didn't like but the sweet potato egg roll is a rolled piece of heaven!  Can I have another?  Nope, sold out.  Wha!?  Yep, they sell out fast so get to them early and get what you want first because THEY WILL RUN OUT!  They are just that good!BBQ sundae?  No, it doesn't come with ice cream and chocolate syrup.  This concoction consists of layers of mac-n-cheese, baked beans, your choice of meat, coleslaw and BBQ sauce.  It took a lot for me to try this beast of a sundae because I rotate my plate; I'm not a food mixer.  If you eat your steak and potatoes in one shared bite, we probably can't be friends.  Despite my hesitation, I had to give this novelty a try.  I know, I've come a long way, right?!  It was actually quite tasty!  I'm not a huge fan of their mac-n-cheese though.  The downside to this dish is the collection of grease at the bottom of the cup that then encompasses the mac-n-cheese.  Boo.  Perhaps a better option would be to put the meat and BBQ sauce in the bottom with the coleslaw on top, then the beans and finally the mac.  With the sauce as the syrup to top it off, gravity takes effect.  I want chocolate syrup throughout my ice cream sundae but I don't so much want BBQ sauce all through my mac-n-cheese and such.  Either way, I'll give it to them for creativity and uniqueness.  Good BBQ and excellent egg rolls.  OooWee is good to me!  Give them a try and see what you think!
4	Had a chance to try this truck for lunch......I had the pulled chicken, mac n cheese, and baked beans and it was all pretty good.  The chicken and mac n cheese had a smoky flavor which is different for mac n cheese but it was still good, but what made me a fan of this place were the egg rolls...that's right the bbq sundae egg roll(mac n cheese, baked beans, coleslaw, bbq, and sauce)........they very best thing on that truck...hands down!
