2	I can never find someone for assistance when I need them & there has to be 50+ day laborers in the parking lot running down every person leaving the store. I avoid this place at all cost.
5	I'm a week away from moving to a new home. I've got a ton of things to do in a short period of time including buying stuff from home depot. I walk in today, wave down one of their employees, show her my laundry list and she smiled and said, " Let's Go ! " - my guess, she saved me at least a 1/2 hour of wandering aimlessly. She even talked me into the Home Depot card and in doing so, saved $180 ( 10% off purchases made that day ) Now, how do i get all this shit in my Yaris !!??
3	The diy store. (literally)I was doing some remodeling at home and needed to purchase many things to complete the project. Home depot is my place to go because they are usually well stocked up of everything you need for any kind of project. I consider myself a handyman I tackle most home projects myself with a success rate of 75% (a lot higher than so call professionals you find on craigslist I may add,) but when I'm inside a store I shouldn't be the one working. It took me forever to get what I needed since I couldn't find someone to help me. but I can deal with that, I understand the economy thing being bad and all that, I mean I've been doing some cutting down myself, I haven't had my Starbucks coffee for a while now so I'm not in the best of moods as it is. After finding everything I needed I proceeded to the checkout area to find only the do it yourself  checkout registers open. I hate using those because I feel like I'm  taking someones else job away, but I already wasted too much time, I have to get out of there and start  building so I'll do their job this time.  first item I tried to scan didn't register, I raised my hand to get the attention of the person working that area. She came over and told me." this item doest have a bar code. You need to go back where you got it and find one with a bar code"  (Are you Fu****n serious!..... b**tch! get on the Fu***n intercom and ask for a price check like any other normal store would do in this kind of  circumstances!)....I though to myself as I stared at the lady in disbelief.  - I'm sorry, I was all over the store I don't think I remember where I got this from." they're on aisle five, is an electrical item so they have to be where all the electrical items are, aisle five."  she answered.Yes ma'am, sorry  I'm soo dumb, I thought I had learned everything I needed to know in kinder garden. Got the scannable items, got in line, (again) paid for my things and left the  serviceless store.  Finally at the parking lot as I started to load my purchases a bunch of people came to me offering their services. So if you come to home depot expecting to find good service, don't look for it inside the building , they're all outside... in the parking lot!
3	I usually come here since it's pretty convenient for me but the customer service is definitely hit or miss. Some people are great, but once in a while I run into some that are so rude, it leaves me shaking my head.1 star for location1 star for the good ones1 star for home depot-2 for the rude ones.
1	Seriously, the WORST customer service ever. I swear the "Sales Rep" Ginny did everything possible to NOT sell me a refridgerator. Besides being rude and not so intelligent, Ginny was slow and didn't care one way or another what happened. Employees are few and far between and when you do find one, good luck if they know what they are talking about.
4	I definitely love customer service here (home depot in general).If you don't know how, they'll definitely tell you how or even refer !The people here, most of them are good at their craft so definitely knowledgeable. Watch out for their DYI classes usually on Sat morning. Check different locations for different lessons. They often have something kiddo friendly as well.
1	Whenever I come to town I shop at this store, but have not used any of the contractor services till week of Feb 12 2013.  My normal and trusty handyman was out of town, so I turned to HD to install a replacement security door at one of my rentals.  First step they have to go do a measure for which they charge you $35.  2nd step they contact you with options.  Well we didn't get past the first step 'cuz the contractor reported 'the door cannot be replaced'.  End of story.  When I asked for the measure dimensions was told "there are no dimensions, I just told you the door CANNOT be replaced!  These are professional door installers, if they say it cannot be replaced it CANNOT be replaced"  Hmmm....all very odd, and since you do not have the option of communicating with the guy who did the on-site evaluation there's no real communication....very frustrating.SO, since my handy guy got back to town this week (Feb 18th), asked him to go out and let me know what it would take to resolve this issue.  Report from the site:- Me: So Tim, can you fix it?- Tim: Well sure, I mean you have to do a small repair to the frame, but no problem.- Me: Ahhh you have any idea why the HD guys could NOT do the job?- Tim: Nope, no idea its pretty straight forward.Bottom line: for me going to HD was a total waste of time, $$, and energy.  If you need a screw or a part, go to HD.  If you need professional service look elsewhere.
3	I'm not a big handyman type, but I've been coming here a while since I used to live near it and it's conveniently on the way to work. I have to agree with earlier comments that the customer service here is a hit or miss. Sometimes when you are working on a project, or have a basic question and finally find someone, you get referred 2 or 3 times to another associate in the maze of wood and products before you find the right person to answer your question. Other time's an associate won't look you in the eyes, hoping you won't ask them. But the last 3 times I've been in, the first associate I've asked on 3 different projects had the answers for me right off the bat, and took me directly to other items related to help me better build my project. I feel bad for them sometimes, because I think they start helping someone, then another person interrupts while they are in mid-helping, and then another person will interrupt that chain. But I don't mind being patient as long as I get the right answer and pointed in the right direction.One of the main reason that I go back, is I've never had a single problem returning any unused portion or item (screws, drills, nuts, bolts) at the return counter. Every person that helps me does my return no questions asked, and I appreciate that I don't have to explain myself. I typically turn right back around and spend it on materials for a new project.  Almost all of the counter staff is always friendly, if not kind of robotic when I'm purchasing, and that's ok-working there looks like a lot of work and I can understand that. I also like the fact that they are open pretty late. I do get kind of annoyed when some of the workers outside rush my vehicle, and I actually avoid the Tropicana entrances so I don't have to deal with it. I don't dislike any service I've gotten here-so I will be coming back because it's convenient.Cheers!~MikeB
1	Home depot was one of my favorite stores to shop at and I never have any problems shopping there. I had the very worse customer service ever at this store, at this loction. I advice you if you are to return something in the garden area don't do it at this decatur store, or do it just to piss off the help there because they are too lazy to return your stuff. They will find some excuse about it. I am the return queen so I heard it all from store but this place started making up stuff to try to say they couldn't return it lol.My experience......I needed to return a plant that I didn't want. The older lady was like  this plant was so dry (mind you I water this plant every 2 to 3 days). I give her the receipt and she says this receipt is from a year ago. ( I just bought the plant a week before.) She shows this receipt to some big white guy and he says this is not even from our store and they both look at each other. I look at them like they are two idiots and I tell them that this receipt was from this year and to refund me for this plant. I have no problems returning any item from any home depot store, so do your job and return it. The lady looks at the guy for approval and he says yeah go ahead and return it. Two lazy people walking around not doing anything. They could at least do their job and return it, I had my receipts and everything. They wanted to find something wrong, so they couldn't return it to me. If I wanted to be mean I would go to their corperate office and complain but that would just be a waste of my time because they are not worth it. Not going to shop at that location again. I'll be shopping at other home depots where I know the service is always good.
5	How can you not love this store?!I've checked most of the stores in town for the best price for hardwood floors, this is the place, not Low's,not Walmart or other stores.Even remodeled the bathroom all by myself with their tiles.Just as they say: ' you can do it, they can help'!And indeed they do, most of their employes are super helpful and friendly, ready to help you find what you need and explaining how to use it!
4	Very courteous staff. The staff advises and assists you gladly and properly.One star less, because they use there also self-service checkouts.
3	Not a bad HD...most staff actually make an effort to be of service.
3	This is a very standard Home Depot.  We stopped by to pick up a few things before a trade show, and everything was easy to find as the lay out was pretty similar to the Home Depot We use in California.
3	Home Depot is really the only spot I could think of to buy boxes to help out my sister for her next big move.... This location is more convenient than going to U hahl store. The boxes were a bit over priced. I use to work for a moving company so I'm aware of how much moving material cost. Although the materials to assist her, in my opinion were overpriced, the guest assistance and costumer service was very helpful! I was assisted to the isle I need without a wait or a strain to find an employee and was also granted a cart near a floor associate who was using it to make it easier for me. Pleasantly surprised!
3	Being a new home owner is hard enough. Then come to this store to find supplies good luck!  You may find it or not, they might be there but to find someone to help you or find it on your own good luck.  You go to find someone to ask but they more then likely won't know where it is (flashback best buy)  If you see someone with grey hair yell get their attention ASAP because if you miss them trust me someone has them already! ;)I feel like they have tons of basic supplies at this store the wood is basic nothing over the top or nice.  If you want wood don't come here.
5	Great experience at this location was helped quick and got a great deal on some of my items I even had help loading my stuff into my car can't beat that great customer service.
3	They have almost anything that you need to fix your place and they have friendly staff.
5	I needed a part to fix my toilet, so naturally I headed to Home Depot to get the necessary part. There were so many parts, I couldn't find what I was looking for, and I was pressed for time. I saw a worker a couple rows down. He was hard at work, busy stocking. None the less, the gentleman dropped what he was doing and helped me out. Charles was very knowledgable and helpful. Thanks for the excellent customer service, sir.
1	Customer satisfaction truly sucks, if you have a question or if need help you are on your own. I found a tile that I liked and wanted to buy 650 sf of it, they couldn't find it   I called the flooring department and they said they don't have it. I came back to the store and found it myself, made the purchase and make a next day pick up. Well I'm here now for about 1 1/2 hours and they can't find it again.    I am a contractor and really can't waste any time so this is a big no more shopping at this place.   There are other stores that would love to have my $$$$$$$$
3	It is the crew that makes this store work!And it is the crew that keeps me coming back!They always seem to go above and beyond what is being asked.That kind of service is rare!
4	I have stayed at The Leo House a number of times over the past few years and each time felt more at home. The staff remember me and are helpful as ever. I see improvements each time I visit and this time finding WiFi in the room was a gift! The location is excellent for transport downtown, to the Las Vegas, local tourist spots and eating out. I'm happy to recommend it to friends and relations.
