3	I tend to do my grocery shopping in the European style, buying just the fresh food I need for that day's meal, so I am at the grocery store nearly every day. This is my nearest store, so most often this is where I do my shopping. The Good: The store has a good variety of fresh fruits and veggies, and the folks at the deli counter are always friendly and fast. The store is clean and well-lit, and the aisles are well-marked and wide enough that if you know what you're looking for, you can get in and out fairly quickly.The Bad:Grocery chains often categorize their various locations as A, B, or C locations. A Fry's in North Scottsdale won't have the same items or amenities as a Fry's in South Phoenix. I get that. However, this location remodeled and when it was over, their entire "health food" section was gone and the few offerings that remained were shelved with their non-health-food counterparts, making it tricky to know what Gluten-free options are available in the store. GF pasta, for example, was pretty much obliterated, but I can occasionally find a single variety near the regular pasta. GF cookies and other snacks are gone. Not a single brand of GF bread to be had in the place. The Ugly:The lines tend to be long, and the parking lot is a mess.
3	I rarely go to Fry's so my review is limited. The store itself is clean, but always super busy. The parking lot is pretty terrible and always packed. The staff is friendly and the bakery always has great stuff.
1	I had a delivery here (18 wheeler truck load) so this is to the warehouse department. I have had the worst trucking experience coming here to unload. I was late to my first delivery time (2 hours) due to weather conditions, construction, and repairs on my truck. They made me wait a almost a full day(24 hours) before they started unloading me. The staff made me wait for 2 hours before going in. The staff in the back was extremely rude when I was waiting for the bill of lading to be prepared. I asked "how long will it take I have a load to pick up in Los Angeles by 11:00" his response to me was "WELL I GUESS YOU'RE GOING TO BE LATE!" It took 1 hour for the bill of lading to get ready (it should be done by the time the load is empty). I was late for my pickup in Los Angeles and I did lose a lot of money on that load. So not only did I lose my time I also lost money. As I was waiting I talked to other truck drivers and they told me they usually make you sit for 4-6 hours minimum.Fry's Corp. If you have any questions you can message me directly.Add-on: I will never haul a load for this company again!
3	This place is expensive!! Twice as much as Walmart. Since they are the closest to home, they serve a purpose when an emergency arises although I would rather drive the extra quarter mile to walmart to save a few bucks.  They are always crazy busy too and the lines are ridiculous so it's not worth the time and hassle to stop by to pick up a single item. They do have good deals on milk though so I would probably come just for that.
