5	I went to Joanna to have my full face done of permanent makeup. I love it! She is so professional and really gave me the look I was trying to achieve. She has also helped me with my skin concerns and I get facials done on a regular basis with her. She is my esthetician for life!
5	AMAZING LASHES! AMAZING LADY!I got my lashes done 3 weeks ago by Joanna and still have a good amount left. Quality! I also told her I like the mascara look but not the diva wow those look fake look and she achieved that. I have been to many places for lashes whether in San Diego or Phoenix area and I will have to say for the Phoenix area Joanna is by far the best. If you need lashes for a special occasion or for everyday give Joanna a shot!Thanks for the wonderful lashes Joanna! Will be back next time I'm in town!
1	Ladies beware... I went to Joanna for my eyelashes on 9/16/14 I arrived to find her there she was very nice and listened to what I was looking for as far as fullness and curl. Once she asked me to sit I noticed that she did not close the door to her room which was very awkward, I could hear kids screaming and people talking as they walked up and down the hall. I made a comment hoping she would take the hint but no luck! On top of that she used a TON of glue, my eyelashes were glued to my bottom lid eyelashes and she had to cut them leaving a big huge hole (I have very thick lower eyelashes and it was very noticeable. My eyelashes almost immediately started falling out leaving big clumps of glue on my natural lashes. She also did not glue the lashes to the base of my lid, some overlapped my lid and I had to cute them down myself to avoid irritation. I see here that she does have some very nice review and I also looked at pictures before I choose her (which I was pleased with) I am not sure if she was having a bad day or was rushed to do something after work but I am putting out a BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!! I would not return to Joanna. I have had my lashes removed so I can have them redone and I still have glue left.
