3	We were in the mood for pizza and a drink last Friday, and my friend and I stumbled upon Carmella's in Carmel Commons.  The restaurant was split between a well-lit pick up area and a hallway bar in the other room.  We ordered a veggie pizza and sat at the dimly lit bar alongside several others watching football on several large tv screens behind the bartender.  The pizza was stacked with fresh vegetables and the crust was a hearty treat to die for.  After our meal we stayed and played some classic rock tunes on their internet jukebox and began talking music with some of our fellow drinkers along side us.  I thought the atmosphere was tranquil and the guests were entertaining and happy to share a laugh with strangers.  I am an eighties baby so I loved the classic Pac-man and pinball machines at the end of the bar.  The only negative aspect is this place is filled with more cigarette smoke than Denis Leary's living room.  Otherwise, please come try that veggie pizza, its delicious!
3	The pizza is good almost a top 3 favorite. Good and cheesey.The salads are huge no need to order the "large".  I had the picnic salad and it was pretty awesome. They have great ranch dressing. My friend likes their wings, I haven't tried them myself.The philly cheese steak.. eh, not so good to me. Tasted more like A-1 than anything. I agree with Garrett on the smoke problem. I've only been early on weekends, and still the stale smoke smell gets to me, and that's with no one smoking while I am there. They have some very delish Mellow Yellow!
2	I stumbled into this place not long after hearing about them on a local radio show.  To say the the service absolutely sucked would be far too kind.  My meal was at best mediocre.  I remember leaving and hearing the radio show host's words in my head.  He talks about spending 18 years in the food service industry.  I wondered as what....a dishwasher???
3	I used to really enjoy Carmellas. Tuesday's $1 PBR/slices of pizza and Wed's half priced wings definitely made me a fan. Over the summer/fall months I was there at least once a week drinking beers and hanging out with friends. A good time was had by all. Here lately though, everything about the place has been hit or miss. Sometimes one of the fryers is down so it takes almost 45 minutes to get wings. Sometimes the place is so quiet that it's uncomfortable (not very good for a bar atmosphere). Sometimes the service is great and other times it flat out sucks. The food is pretty consistent and pretty good. I stick with the pizza and wings. Even when the wings take 45 minutes to be prepared at least they arrive to the table smoking hot. I don't hang out here as much as I used to. The inconsistency has taken its toll. I do still get pizzas to go every once in awhile. I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered togo. Plus, they will make you a pie until 2am. So when it's after midnight and a craving for a meatball pizza hits they are there to save the day. Which they do deliciously. Their meatball pizza is awesome...I wish i could give it a 2.5. That would be more accurate.
1	i agree w/the majority of posters, for as long as they've been open (at least 2 years) they act like they've been open a week and everyone there is working in a restaurant for the 1st time...the pizza IS pretty good but no atmosphere and some of the shi-tiest acting people working there you can imagine...its almost like its an episode of PUNK'D where you go in and they have actors playing horrible employees who try and run you off or make you insane...i'm really surprised that its still open
5	I've lived in Charlotte since I was 3 years old, and Carmella's makes the best pizza I've found.I agree with some of the other reviews on here that say the service is not that good, however, if you just want a delicious takeout or delivery pizza, you can't go wrong with Carmella's.The pizza's are big, cheesy, NY style and delicious. They also offer a wide variety of fresh and sometimes eclectic toppings.
4	I stumbled into this place after going to a concert and already having a few drinks.  The pizza by the slice is AMAZING.  The crust is to die for. Yes, it's smoky. Yes, there are sketchballs.  Yes, the service can be bad. ULTIMATE DIVE BAR.  It is what it is and I like it!Note: This may be the alcohol talking.
3	If you go to this place make sure it's on a Tuesday.  They have $1 slices and $1 beers.  I went with a party of four and we had to wait about twenty minutes for a table, which was a little awkward because there isn't a good place to wait.We split one large pizza and downed 12 beers and everyone is out the door for about $7.  As other yelper's have mentioned you may need a gas mask to survive the smoke but if the weather is comfortable you can grab a table outside.
4	Love the pizza here.  The lunch special of two slices of pizza and a drink for $4.50 is a great deal.  The pizza is definitely greasy, but it's oh so good.I've also had their blackened chicken salad and it is really good, too.  Get a small unless you're really hungry, because the small salad is actually really big.Haven't been on a Tuesday night in a while, but if they still have the $1 beer and $1 pizza slices, you can't go wrong.
5	Blacken Cajun Chicken pizza and greek salad ....ROCKS....Portions are large and more than one an eat if you get large...I get small and always have left overs for the next day...Employees are friendly and effiecent. Can't go wrong.
4	Fabulous pizza but kind of a sketchy place if you want to dine in and "enjoy the atmosphere" It's split into two parts-one with the area you order in, sit in a few booths or take out. Then there's the bar area. If you like people watching, ditch Wal Mart and go here. Nice people but yeaaaah, interesting. And it's even better on Tuesday nights when it's $1 night. They also have a nice, cozy patio area when it's nice out. If you get a chance to stop by for lunch, they have great deals during the work week
4	CLOSED. Great pizza joint with $1 beers and $1 pepperoni slices on Tuesdays, BUT it is now closed.  Now where will all us cheap guys go for a beer and pizza?Updated 9/2012 all is not lost, if you are a fan of John's on Central, and how can you not be a fan of John's, then be on the alert for Jimmy (of John's) taking over the Carmella's space redoing the whole interior and opening up a new place some time this fall. I expect Jimmy and family will deliver a great dinning experience in his new place,
1	This place has been closed for awhile now.
