1	Staff is lazy and I took 2 vehicles here and they both came out with bugs still all over and they didn't wash grill area or rims. I was getting what was supposed to be a $120 service. This place is grubby and staff looks like they want nothing to do with washng vehicles or doing a good job. I will NEVER go here again!
5	Excellent hand washing,low prices and fairly quick. I haven't found a better hand wash business around Scottsdale and it's worth the 15 min drive.
5	Got a discount coupon on my Safeway or Frys check. 8$ for the full service. This is the first time I'm pleased to pay for a car wash service. They did a GREAT job and no annoying seller trying to fix your windshield, or asking what fragrance you want inside your car. Just car wash? 5$...highly recommendable!
5	I got a great deal through Living Social for a VIP Hand Wash and Polymer Paint Sealant.  The work was done at the downtown location.  Instead of "Wow" it was more like "really?".  I contacted the owner, Ryan, telling him of my experience.  He was quick to email back, apologized, and offered to have it redone for no charge at the Mesa location; and to follow up with a 'sit-down' with the downtown attendant. A few days later I headed out to Mesa - spoke to the manager (and brother of Ryan) and briefly told him the story and handed him the email exchange.  No problem.  They got a guy on it soon.  I stepped across the street for a bite.  When I returned the SUV was SPARKLING CLEAN, SHINY bumpers and body and completely BUG FREE.  WINDOWS were nice and STREAK FREE.  Inside was thoroughly vacuumed, CLEAN and shiny but not dripping in Amorall nor over drenched in fragrance.  "WOW!!!" - now that's what I'm talkin' about!
5	Wow!  This place completely rocks!  Very professional, courteous, and very good at what they do - make cars clean again.  The price was very reasonable and I will be back again many times over!  Thank you, Stewart Detailing!  Job well done.
5	This place is thorough as hell... Not fast but that's because they are actually cleaning your car not rushing it out! Great job guys next time in Arizona I'll be back for sure
4	Good old fashioned hand job.  Reasonable prices, fairly consistently good results.  Could be a tad faster, but that's a minor gripe.  4.5 stars on the Brak-o-meter, and I will continue to be a regular customer.
5	Takes about 30 minutes+ to do a hand wash on the works but they do a great job. I typically just blast through the drive in washes but if there's a special occasion that I need a great interior/exterior wash for ill be coming here.
2	They do a decent job washing your car, but that's where it ends. Their entire staff is very grungy, they look like they've never heard of showers or personal hygiene. The building itself is also very old and poorly maintained. Don't bother sitting down on the supplied patio furniture. It's so worn out you feel ike you're going to fall through it. I was also very put off by the fact that they were using foul language directly in front of me. Definitely not a professional business. I am willing to pay more elsewhere for a better environment and service.
4	I was glad to find a hand car wash. (I used to go to one at Gilbert & Southern but since a new company took over it I haven't been back.)These guys do a good job at cleaning,  My only complaint is I wish they had better towels...they look a little dingy.  Either way I will be back!
5	Quality hand car wash, in and out in 10 minutes on a SUNDAY! Thorough- they don't try to upsell you on services which I appreciate!!
3	I've been coming here for years. Always do a pretty good job for the price. I would recommend them. Just a little note; Dear all male staff, your restroom is discusting! Please consider your female clientele,  some of us need to sit  / squat over that seat, and when it's covered in urine,  well gag!Sincerely, J
