4	My friend and I randomly ended up here strolling by, and we sat at the sushi bar. The head chef was hilarious and we had an instant rapport. Good times.We only ordered sashimi and one dish from the kitchen, hamachi no kama (yellowtail collar) which was amazing. My friend devoured the sashimi, saying it melted in her mouth (good sign) The fish WAS fresh, but something didn't sit right with me... I think it was the cuts --the hamachi was way too thick and HUGE!! I'm used to smaller pieces (from my experience, the sushi chefs cut them in reasonable pieces without disturbing the fish) The chef serviced our order of mirugai (giant clam). Priced it way under the M/P and piled a clam MOUNTAIN on the plate. Extremely kind, but it was too much for me.I gave it four stars because everyone around me seemed to be enjoying their food (mostly Japanese) and it was constantly packed (the bar) As we were leaving, they all screamed "mata ashita!" --see you tomorrow!, which left me with a  really good feeling =D
5	I ate at a lot of sushi places and this place has the best yellow tail.  It melts in your mouth you dont even need teeth to chew it.  All of their sushi is good you cant go wrong.  I ate here many times and i've never been dissapointed.  If there was a 6th star this place would get it for sure.
4	Hyakumi means "100 tastes."  Before Okada opened, it was my favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas. It's an odd place. The restaurant abuts a busy corridor right next to the casino at Caesars, and the sushi bar is almost hanging over the edge. As a result, the atmosphere is hardly quiet and serene. Somehow or other, that doesn't me - it's just a different kind of experience.Where Hyakumi shines is in its quality of sushi, and its quality of sushi chefs.  The sushi is fresh and flavorful, and the chefs are easy to talk to.Perhaps because of its location, the customers seem to be a little more colorful than at other places. For example, there was the glassy eyed gentleman who had been gambling all day. He was very friendly, albeit a bit spacey. He let me know how much he loved sushi - although I'm not sure how he could tell. Instead of a regular sized saucer for soy, he had a little bowl, into which he mixed enough wasabi to choke a horse.Hyakumi is very good, but is in a tough position. If I want top quality, I go to my favorite, Okada.  If I want a trendy place with quality sushi, I head to Sushi Roku, which is also located at Caesars (in the Forum Shops).
4	On business in Vegas, I had a craving for sushi and Nigori sake. I walked myself over to the Forum Shops at Caesars to find this nice sushi place and plopped down at the sushi bar. Its a good place to eat alone, you never know the interesting people you may meet. I sat next to the former Prez of Sony Mexico - he was a nice gentleman and we had a pleasant conversation. I wanted ahi-poki but they didnt have the seaweed. The fish was fresh. The sushi chef was kind  and friendly but didn't put any love into his spicey salmon hand-roll (something I look for because it makes the sushi taste that much better!) The service was not up to par, maybe just that evening but I had to ask for chop sticks twice and wait quite awhile for my sake.  I would definitely recommend this place as an alternative to some of the more pricey japanese restaurants on the strip.
5	Hyakumi is fabulous.  But surprisingly, it's not even the sushi that makes it great.  What I love best is the beef teriyaki and lychee martinis.  The beef teriyaki to me was the best steak I had ever had.  A New York Strip steak ordered medium, it was tender, juicy, and melted in my mouth.  The way it was cooked is the gold standard in my book.  Ahhh...but the lychee martini was just what this girl in Vegas needed.  The sweet lychee syrup mixed with lots of alcohol is the perfect beginning to a night of mischief.
1	First of all, the host was a complete douchesnob. How dare we have the Audacity to show up at his high-caliber dining establishment without making a reservation ahead of time?? Excuse me good sir, but your restaurant is currently quite empty, and as fancy as you may think this place is, there is a HUGE 70s-music-blaring BOAT parked just 30 feet away that thinks otherwise. (Yes, Cleopatra's Barge *actually* detracts from the "elegance" that Hyakumi seems to strive for).The retardedly overpriced menu (nigiri starts at $7) suggests that you're about to embark on some amazing gastronomic adventure, but in reality everything we ordered ranked from mediocre to crap:-Side salad: The most uninspired collection of leaves you've seen, drizzled in blander-than-store-bought vinaigrette. This is a Japanese restaurant! They're not supposed to serve crappy vinaigrette! Where's the miso dressing? Or any of the other yummy dressings you find at Any Other Japanase Restaurant??-Salmon nigiri: One of the most basic nigiri you can order anywhere, and theirs was CHEWY!! For folks just tuning in, I repeat: the salmon was fucking CHEWY!! When the fuck was the last time any of you had CHEWY raw salmon?? Grrroosssss!!-Sushi rolls: Every single one was mostly rice with a little bit of fish in the middle, kind of reminiscent of that "dollar sushi" joint back in college. You know, the one whose rolls gave you that "well, I'm getting stiffed on the quality but you get what you pay for" type of feeling? Yeah, Hyakumi's rolls are like that. Except instead of a dollar they're more than $10.-Udon soup: So bad my friend couldn't even finish his. -Beef sukiyaki: Decent, probably the best thing on our table.Super fed-up and ready to leave, it was time to flag down our waitress for the check. Uhhh but wait, where is she? 15 minutes go by. Fine, maybe she has the runs and is in the middle of violently evacuating the contents of her bowels and is in desperate need of a bidet and maybe some Purell. Whatever, I'll flag down that other waitress. But as I catch her eye, she turns and RUNS AWAY!! Hooooleeeeeey fuckk!! God Forbid that she have to do any "extra work" and fetch a check for a table that isn't hers! Arrrgghh!
4	After 3 night of bad buffet meals to appease my parents, my family decided to splurge on our last nite.  We picked Hyakumi, well, to be honest, we got a 50 dollar voucher, but we figured it was in Ceasar's, so it couldn't be bad at all.The service was great.  My two girls had a blast as the hostess was ver nice to them.  While they didn't have anything specific for the kids, there was enough of a selection that we got them enough food, udon and sushi and they were happy.Arlene and I ordered separate sashimi dinners and man, the fish was fresh, nicely prepared and enjoyable.  Even though there was a larger crowd behind us, there was enough ambiance there that we didn't care for them.
1	I completely agree with Stephen L. on this one.I came to Hyakumi for lunch just before I left Vegas, hoping for a satisfying meal. I was very disappointed. I ordered 3 rolls, the dragon, spider and spicy tuna. They all had more rice than fish and and the spider roll had tempura lobster which hwas more crunch and barely any lobster. It was defiinately not worth the price. The service was mediocre, they weren't attentive, but they didn't forget about us either. But that coudl have also been because there were only 4 tables filled at there restaurant.I'm a huge sushi fan, but I hated this restaurant and would not recommend it to anyone.
4	I had my first raw fish here?.... I am a person who has a phobia of everything!.... I don't like to eat raw meat/fish. But i just simply couldn't help myself with their spicy tuna roll! it is moderately priced and the wait is not long. you can walk out of here paying around 100$ for 5 people leaving with empty stomaches.-x3 shells
2	Wow . . . talk about mediocre and over priced sushi.  Nigiri is $8 - $12.  The salmon was farm fish.  We didn't even finish the Albacore . . . tasted like it had been sitting out all day.  The Unagi was cold.  It was near closing, but still, keep the fish refrigerated for god's sake.
2	It's Vegas, so I didn't care about the price so much.  This rating is purely about the food... well, I think all my reviews are.  The sushi was mediocre.  The rice was too moist for sushi rice... all 16 pieces I ate.    The fish and cuts weren't good either.  Strike one.The salad dressing was a soy sauce-based dressing that was too salty... and I'm an Asian American that even loves soy sauce poured directly on my rice. Strike two.Their sukiyaki was lame.  The base sauce was too salty again and their beef was either chunks of flank steak or a tough tenderloin.  Cheap beef cuts when sukiyaki is traditionally thinly sliced beef (preferably sirloin) is strike three.One saving grace was their teriyaki sea bass, which was good but not great.  But this was not enough, so I'm not going back here.
4	In Vegas with the girls and we were HOOOOONGRY. So we decide to hit Caesars for fine dining.. The wait at Mesa Grill was 1.5 hours, and we're like NEXT.. Walk a little bit and there's Hyakumi. It's a cute little sushi bar, where the service is great, the food was even better and the prices were outrageous ($18 for tempura!)! Let's deduct a star for the broke traveller.
4	This is my favorite sushi dining experience in Vegas because the sushi is excellent, the fish melts in your mouth, and its informal where you can eat great food without a stuffy setting and an outrageous bill. I have eatten at the Hyakumi Sushi bar on several occasions and talked to numerous individuals at the bar who make it a point to eat at Hyakumi whenever they are in town. I highly recommend Hyakumi to anyone in Vegas with a small group or by themself looking for great sushi and a relaxing atmosphere.
1	I don't understand why this place is still around. Completely overpriced, not to mention AWFUL.My age dashi tofu was swimming in the sauce, and literally turned to mush when I tried to eat it. The sushi was not fresh at all, and looked worse than the pre-packaged sushi you get at Ralph's. I mean, the fish looked like PLASTIC. Even my vegetable roll was awful, with strangely soggy vegetables and non-sticky rice. My buckwheat noodles were edible, but definitely nothing to write home about, and unfortunately the whole experience had already been ruined.The edamame was decent. But really, how can you screw up edamame?
3	(Written after my trip to Vegas, July 2008) The concierge at the Bellagio recommended this place for great sushi in Vegas. Conveniently located next door, inside Caesar's Palace, seemed like a nice walk and a fine night out. The atmosphere was nice. Nothing outrageous or special. The waitress looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for a mojito made with shiso mint. It was bland, lacking in flavor but after all of the sugary drinks I had on the strip during the day, it was kind of nice. The sushi menu was very small & very basic. No signature rolls, nothing fancy, just basic sushi you could find anywhere. I had to specially order a spicy scallop hand roll. The scallops in the roll were unfortunately cooked, but it was still tasty. Everything that was brought to us tasted good. I was however disappointed because it was the same kind of sushi I could have had at home in Denver.
4	Of all the times we've been to vegas, this is the first time we tried this place. Hubby and I saw the sign outside the restaurant $28 all you can eat sushi and hand roll. We decided to give it a shot. The deal also comes with a generous bowl of udon which we barely touched. The portions were extremely generous, with barely any rice under the super fresh tuna, yellowtail, octopus, shrimp, etc. We were pleasantly surprised with the freshness and size of the sushi. We only ordered two pieces of spicy tuna handrolls which were very delicious too. BTW, I was unpleasantly surprised that we were charged $5 for the green tea. I couldn't recall the last time I had to pay for the tea at a Japanese restaurant.
4	I love games. I love games when it involves sushi.The rules are as follows.$28 ... it's all-you-can-eat. You get one hour. If you order from the top-tier ... add $10. You can order two rolls and 1 appetizer and 2 pieces of sushi at a time. No teams (no sharing). Um, at first - the fat girl inside couldn't contemplate applying these rules... because all you/I could hear was "all-you-can-eat." But once in, everything was fresh. The miso soup was packed with flavor and the gyoza was really good. I think the waiter was mad, because we were constantly breaking the rules... but whatever. Sushi was great, it wasn't overpacked with rice as some other places do. For a buffet, that's a great sign - because you expect that they might trying to cut their losses.And I know it's Vegas, but I've never met a Japanese restaurant who has charged for tea? Boo. But that's fine, the real -1 star comes in, for the lack of Sriracha and the less-than-attentive service (borderline, absent). I died. Well, I mean I actually had to roll out. So full.
4	casers, as well as Hyakumi, looked just like it was when i visited 4 years ago. definitely needed some touchup. decor aside, the food was definitely good. order took a little long to come(we were the first few to get seated and order) sashimi was very fresh. had salmon skin roll which was also very good. extremely crunchy salmon skin. very good service too.
3	2.5 stars.I've encountered uninspired sushi lately. Hyakumi does nothing to change that trend.
5	VERY good!We came here for dinner for the lovely teppanyaki style dinner (love this stuff). I'm quite the newbie when it comes to this, but I've been to benihana a couple of times and enjoy having the chefs cooking right in front of you. We came with reservations and were seated promptly at a private 2 person table/grill area. The dining room was very nicely decorated and had a good lighting throughout.Now we had the Hyakumi special which was $60 a person but came with miso soup, cucumber salad with crab, shrimp appetizers, vegetables, lobster tail, and steak. All of it was absoulely SCRUMPTIOUS. I had my steak medium rare and it was very juicy and very naturally flavored. The sprouts and veggies were very fresh and tasty as well. Shrimp was exquisite and lobster tail melted in your mouth. I had my Asahi beer on the side and I was a happy customer by the time we had finished eating.Definitely worth the high price, I love eating this stuff. I also hear there sushi is delicious as well, I kept hearing the other table saying that was the best they ever had!
2	Hyakumi has lovely ambiance and was quite romantic. The service was impeccable. However, the food was less than desirable. The portions were over generous for Magaro- we are talking 3-4 bite pieces that were stringy. The Unagi was fair. California roll, was fine. Miso soup was good. The Edamame was overcooked and mushy.Overall for what you pay for I left feeling completely unsatisfied. Las Vegas cuisine has gone down hill in the last years. If you were here for the Teppanyaki I am sure you would be happy. I would not recommend the sushi.
3	I read a review just now that used the word 'uninspired'.  I would have to say that is exactly what I felt about my dining experience at Hyakumi.  The food is fine, but there is absolutely nothing unique or special to talk about.  The highlight of my meal was trying to predict which people walking by would touch the breasts hanging off of Cleopatra's Barge.  My girlfriend and I laughed about it so much that it is now a MUST DO for us every trip we take a trip to Vegas.The location is inside of Caesar's Palace, just off of the casino floor and across from the aforementioned barge.  Park in Caesar's self-park for free or valet in front.  Walk or taxi if you are staying on the Strip.
4	After a day of one too many beverages, a bit too much sun, and wasted money my family decided to treat ourselves to a dinner at Hyakumi. We walked up around 8:00 pm & had no problem getting a table. They have a sushi bar, teppan tables, and regular tables. We opted for the regular table since I was gonna go out & enjoy those money-sucking machines.We sat down & ordered our drinks. We took quite some time looking over the menu since some people wanted sushi & others wanted entrees. We were never rushed, which was very nice. Some of my family ordered the sushi & even though I've said "I'm so over sushi" I could not help but try a piece or two. OMG, it was SO fresh & SO tasty. I guess "I'm so over CHEAP sushi".I ordered chicken teriyaki & it was very good. It had a very grilled taste to it & was topped with a salty, semi-sweet teriyaki sauce. I really liked it. Ryan had the beef teriyaki, which was by far the most delicious entree on our table & I definitely stole a bite...or half of it. If...no, no when...I get back to Vegas I will be coming here again & definitely order the sushi.
2	Sishi -- not fresh, below average, overpriced. Atmosphere -- like Benihana, nothing special. The chefs were not creative when they cooked in front of you and it was a bit boring.  We payed $150 for 2 people and  walked out unsatisfied.
3	Hyakumi - I have been here many times and the food is pretty good. It's a little on the high side (pricewise) Medium Toro is super good. They have a sushi bar, sukiyaki & teppan grill. Everything is OK. Not bad, but not extraordinary. I would go back but I'd rather try something new!
5	2 visits separated by a year and the all you can eat sushi lunch has delivered the best sushi I have ever had each time.  Service can be slow when they are busy, but the hot appetizers arrive quickly and when the sushi arrives, it is well worth the wait.  We ate over $200 in sushi between the 3 of us at $28 each.  The food more than makes up for any occasional neglect by the wait staff.
3	inside Caesar's Palace is a cute little sushi place that, while a little pricey, has a worthwhile all-you-can-eat *sashimi* menu.  service is excellent, and they have only the finest (and most expensive) sake menu in town.  types of sashimi are somewhat limited, and if you're not seated at the bar you will be exposed to the surrounding casino environment.
2	Located inside Caesars Palace, Hyakumi has teppan tables (large, flat cooking surfaces so the chefs can prepare your food right in front of you; basically Benihana).  We opted for the teppan table.  They have regular tables as well that feature hot dishes and sushi.  Unlike Benihana, Hyakumi has a wide variety of teppan tables (for groups both small and large).  The decor is touristy Japanese--like something you would see at Disney World.It is a little on the pricey side (though in Las Vegas, there are a lot of places much more expensive), but they do have specials where you do get a lot of food for your money.  The special I got came with soup (meh), fried rice (not bad but kind of bland), and stir fried vegetables (the worst part of the meal; all you could really taste was the bean sprouts).The main entree was filet mignon and lobster.  The quality of the meat and the lobster was actually quite good.  The problem was that it was just kind of on the bland side.  The chef also didn't get a good color on the meat.  It was kind of gray--boiled instead of seared.  Maybe the teppan surface was not hot enough.  For dessert, the flavor of the coffee ice cream was too strong.Hyakumi has choices other than teppan--maybe those are better.  But for teppan, it is a little below average for the price you pay.  You may be better off with Benihana (while they use significantly lower quality ingredients, it does taste better).
3	very expensive for what it is. portions are very small.only thing good is the all you can eat sushi for lunch.
4	This place is pricey, but delicious! By far the best bento box & california roll I have ever had. Went here twice during my 3 night trip. I recommend it if you're staying in Caesar's. Convenient and yummy.
3	Not a bad place, but nothing spectacular. If you're expecting a large sushi selection, this isn't the place for you. However, they did have a good selection of quality Japanese dishes. I especially enjoyed the hamachi-kama I ordered from their grill. The decor inside is nice, and the wait staff were helpful and attentive. The Umetini I ordered (a twist on the martini made with pear wine and served with an ume pear in the glass) was also very good.
3	Did not plan to come eat here on my schedule. But then again, I wasn't planning on being sick with the cold either. We went to eat at the lunch sushi buffet, the selection of the food was not the best, pretty limited actually, but for that price in LAS VEGAS it was pretty good. My favorite was the scallop and salmon, the selection wasn't great but the taste and food was good. Service was also excellent, teas were refilled constantly and they would come and check on us every now and then. =)
3	We came here for lunch after our original destination was closed.  I had the seaweed salad and a bowl of Tempura Udon. The seaweed salad was good but with that said have you ever had a bad seaweed salad (I haven't yet). The Tempura Udon was not that great and definitely way overpriced even for "hotel" prices given the quality. The Udon feels like the ones you can get out of frozen section in your Asian market.  The ones that come in 4 or 5 per pack.  The shrimp was sweet and fresh but the tempura texture was a bit too hard. My friend had the AYCE sushi and sashimi for $38. Most of the pieces looked fresh and were good according to my friend. Two stars based on the udon but three stars with the fresh sashimi and excellent service from ONE of the servers. He was friendly and efficient. The other server was a bit slow.  She was nice though.
2	The Unagi and Yellowtails tasted good but everything else fell apart.This was my first time visit to Hyakumi and I have to say, the restaurant is very overpriced for the service and foods.The curry that I had seemed to be cooked directly from an instant Japanese curry that can be found in any Japanese supermarket.The service was also as bad as the foods.I'd rather eat sushi at Sushi-Land (Pacific Northwest) than Hyakumi.
4	For the Sushi Side - Salmon sashimi and eel roll are my two loves here. Everything else is a nice to have. I love the eel roll here because it is served warm. A warm eel roll just makes the whole thing way better. The salmon just melts in your mouth. For traditional japanese sushi, this is a great place. My last three visits have been phenomenal.
3	The food is on the overpriced side along with the drinks.The sake comes out in a clear circular shape bowl. That was nice to look at, but cost a pretty penny which might not be all that it was worth.The food was average. The service was good. I just can't see myself going back and ordering the same dishes. Maybe, if I ordered something different next time around I might have a change of heart.
3	Mesa Grill was closed, so we had lunch at Hyakumi instead. The menu was scary... scary overpriced. What restaurant owner can sleep at night when he charges $20 for a sushi roll? I'm not referring to specialty rolls--layered with sashimi and and smothered with caviar and gold flakes--I'm speaking of your basic spider and rainbow rolls.The rolls were admittedly oversized and tasty but they hurt... especially when I can get each roll for less than half the price at any neighborhood sushi bar in SF. Shame on Hyakumi!
4	One afternoon while in Vegas, I was in the mood for a bit of sushi and some sake. My boyfriend was in the mood to sit down for a bit because we'd been doing some walking, so it worked out. :) We had yellowtail and eel nigiri, and a rainbow roll. Both nigiri items were very fresh, and the rainbow roll was tasty as well. However, I was a little miffed to pay $20 for a roll with fake crab. Oh well; it's Vegas. We shared a large sake (can't remember the kind) which was both delicious and a generous portion. Service was not super fast but was definitely acceptable.Yay for sake!
4	Had a craving for sushi in viva Las Vegas.  We decided to give Caesars Palace Hyakumi a whirl!  The prices were high but what do you expect...its Las Vegas!  Started off with the grilled cod marinated in sake paste.  WOW this appetizer was well worth the $20 bucks!  It was a good size piece of cod and very fresh!  The taste was very buttery and very well marinated.  It broke da mouth fo sho!  I'd come back just for this appetizer alone!  Also order some salmon sashimi and other sushi.  All the fish was very fresh and very good.  This restaurant keeps up with the Caesars Palace reputation fit for royalty fo sho!
3	The sushi chefs barely spoke and seamed bothered by anyone asking questions or trying to talk to them. The sushi, sashimi, roll menu was very small and they didn't seam to have many ingredients to make anything interesting The actual sushi and fish were fine taste and quality wise. Oh and beer, drinks, and sushi are very pricey for a boring sushi bar.
1	The restaurant is located in Ceasar's and nothing to write home about. A couple friends and I were hungry and decided to give it a try. The food was average and the service was terrible. The menu was overpriced for the quality of food and service.Pros: - LocationCons: - Too Pricey- Service Terrible (we had to asked to be refilled several times, had to get up to get silverware because waiter forgot to bring some upon request)- Food Quality
1	Never again.  Last Saturday I called Hyakumi and a made a reservation for 7 people at 8:30 PM.  They took my credit card info and told me the reservation was all set.  So everyone in my party shows up at 8:30 at Hyakumi and I approach the manager and the assistant manager(Janie Lim and Jack Huang).  I let them know that my party is all there and we are here for our 8:30 reservation.  They tell me to wait a few minutes while they prepare our table.  15 minutes passes and I go up to them again and say "So whats the status of my table" and with a very puzzled look in their faces they say to me "Well you you're party was not here on time so we gave your table away."  I was furious! They obviously forgot about us and mistakenly gave our table to someone else.  Finally after arguing with them they said that would be able to seat us in an our.  At this point I was beyond furious.  We were forced to go elsewhere for dinner and wait in line.  As a result we also missed our show for which we had already bought tickets.  What a disaster.  And they were totally un-apologetic about their mistake.  I tried calling Ceasars Palace to complain but no one ever returned my phone call.  Don't waste your time and money here.  The worst service I have EVER had.
4	It has been roughly 20 years since I last ate here.  Over the years Caesers has continued to expand and I did not realize until recently it was still here.  I do not remember the sushi bar out front but it could have been there.Being a fan of teppan cooking there was no choice as to what part of the restaurant I would dine in.  Upon arrival I asked how long the wait would be without reservations as the last time I ate there they were pretty much mandatory.  I was informed they would seat me right away as there was nobody else coming soon to seat me with.  I must not wear the proper cologne or something as the last 4 times in a row I ended up at a teppan table by myself and part of the experience is the meeting of strangers.  They sat me at a table for 2 which is something I had never seen before in a teppan restaurant.  It would be really cool for an impressive date.  This was a Monday night of a 3 day weekend and it was really dead in there.  My chef, one of 3 I could see on duty, said that most week nights they do a lot of standing around waiting for a table to cook for.I chose one of their Prix fixe dinners.  First was a bowl of miso soup (chicken soup optional), followed by a cucumber salad with crab meat.  The main course included shrimp, beef tenderloin, a chicken breast and vegetables.  Dessert was ice cream inside of some sort of rice cake, different texture and not too sweet.  The only item I didn't think was prepared to my liking was the fried rice which I thought a bit dry, almost crunchy.  The cost of this meal was $49 plus $6 to upgrade the white rice to fried rice which turned out to be a poor option choice.  I had a glass of Asahi  draft for $10.  For Vegas this was reasonably priced.The service was excellent up to a point.  That point was when a party of 40 or so showed up and the restaurant went from being a little overstaffed to way understaffed.  As I was eating I noticed a flurry on the other side of the room as water glasses were being filled from water bottles and shortly thereafter the large party started arriving.  Normally I am sure they would not seat that many tables all at the same time with only 3 chefs so I hope they were all in a chatty mood as the last few tables were going to be a while before they saw a chef.  In that rush I sort of got forgotten, it took a while for my plate to be picked up and for the bill to come and another while before the bill got picked up and another wait for my change.  Waiting is sort of a funny thing, it gets blown out of proportion when you are by yourself, which I was. All of the waits I mentioned probably only added 10-15 minutes total to my dining experience and if I was with someone would have been almost unnoticeable..
4	they almost hit the 5 star mark. to be honest i had better Chicken Teriyaki at other spots. although the serving is pretty big, i'd rather have quality over quantity. the place is inside Caesars Palace nicely tucked inside. it's dark inside the decor makes you feel like you're in an authentic Japanese restaurant. they do teppanyaki if that's what you like. i'm a cheap bastard so i went with the bento box plus i'm a huge fan of it. our server was very attentive and she would always asked us if we needed anything. she was glad enough to split the bill in 4. oh yeah the bento box didn't come with miso soup or side salad. BOOOO.
4	This place was chill. It is inside the Casino, and I am almost sure all Casinos on the stripe carry all types of restaurants, this just happened to be at the hotel I was at. Start: - Location: Prime spot. Anyone walking around Las Vegas or casino jumping will run into this place if they go inside Caesars Palace. - Atmosphere: First off, your in Vegas. So all places look legit. Unfortunately on my visit, i did not go inside. The sushi bar is located outside, and you literally see the bar and the chefs while walking past. It looks cool on the outside. - Food: They also offer Teppan Yaki, but I did not try that. The food was pricey. GD. I know its Vegas but....ouch. It really did not matter. My bill alone was over 100. Interestingly enough, I don't understand how their fish can be so fresh while living in the desert. Amazing. The Kanpachi tasted great. and the Giant Clam was well done. Uni was good, fresh and good taste. - Sanitation: You are in a well know hotel in Vegas. Everything is clean. (expect for that guy who passed out in the restroom stall) - Overall: Pretty good. only problem i had with is is the selection of rolls and other items. However I believe that they are more known for kitchen and teppan, and maybe used sushi as appetizer type.
2	Was at Hyakumi this weekend with friends and there wasn't anything  that stood out (in a good way). The servers were over-the-top friendly fake. It was so obvious that it was ridiculous.I ordered a saketini which was plain awful and the food was VERY over-priced for what was offered. Server told us at least half of our table had to order from the entree menu - and the least costly was $50 entree for one person. Not sure if that's standard for such places but what happens if half of the people don't order one of the entrees?Won't see me or my wallet there ever again.
3	Hyakumi is kind of like Benihana for me when you're trying to imagine what type of food they serve here.  They have the usual: teriyakis, misoyakis, and teppanyakis.  They serve items like beef, fish, chicken, sushi and sashimi.  The restaurant is very "Karate Kid" looking to me, as if you're in a movie set version of a Japanese restaurant.  By the appearance alone, you would think you're in for an outstanding meal, but it was just pretty okay.  Our table of 7 ordered several items from the sushi menu and 2 of the 2 person assorted meal sampler thing ($105 each 2-person sampler).  It came with a sliced steak, lobster tail with sliced mushrooms, salmon teriyaki, california rolls, tempura vegetables, sashimi, and 2 bowls of rice.  The 2 person sampler is really enough for 3 or 4 people, especially if you order sushi items or appetizers.
4	No bad sushi for the inside of a casino. Fairly authentic and quite a good selection of rolls. Very quick as well. Not a "hang out and linger" sushi spot but great if you want a quick fix.
3	Checked this place out for dinner last night before we went to the show (yes, the CHER show).  The sushi bar is tucked into a corner at the front of the restaurant, separated from the teppan dining.  Very mellow, traditional Japanese decor.  Definitely not like the hip, super-cool sushi spots like at MGM and Bellagio...Fish was fresh and the sashimi pieces were fairly large, although the menu was limited and definitely "Strip rates" pricey.  I saw there were a lot of bad reviews about the service, but our servers were very attentive and friendly, and our food came out pretty quick (but not so we'd feel rushed) so no complaints here.
4	I have lunch here whenever I am at Caesars.  The sushi is good and appropriately bite-sized, and I never have to wait.  The wife tried some of the izakaya food and it was passable.  I know that you can get fancier and better sushi in Vegas, but not as quick and easy.
4	I ate here for a late night dinner upon arriving in vegas for a conference.  The menu is very vanilla japanese with no crazy rolls or tempura concoctions.  I had a selection of rolls, tempura, and soup and all were excellent.  There's probably a handful of better places out there, but this was one of the best for quality and speed.  The waitstaff was rather bland but the sushi makers were talkative.
1	We came here with a large group of 12 people. We ordered almost everything on the menu to try except the teppanyaki. WOW I was sooo unimpressed. The cooked items were overcooked and dry, the sashimi was NOT fresh it literally tasted stale. They didnt bring our drinks until we asked for them 3 times..Not to mention they did not have a specific sushi I always get which is the special scallop and they couldnt make it for me. PSH and you guys are at Caesar palace.. how LAME..never again
1	The last 2 times I have eaten at this place has been less then average. I just left there tonight, we had the spicy tuna roll, the ceasar roll, rainbow roll and some shrimp sushi. Oh and we had miso soup. The food with the exception of the miso soup was horrid!!! Completely disgusting, we did not finish it. The last time we were here, we ate the tepan grill and that was awful. About 3 years ago this place was a must eat at spot, when we came to Vegas . No more! Tasted like some drive thru sushi.Honestly a bowl of Life cereal would have Been 10x better.
1	Incredibly overpriced for what essentially amounted to a dinner consisting of 50% butter and 50% overcooked vegetables and meat.  I kid you not, the chef used the entirety of a large silver bowl full of butter -- there had to be 4 or 5 pounds of it for only 10 people.Virtually any other restaurant is a better choice than Hyakumi.
2	Had dinner here which consisted primarily of sushi for our group.  Sushi was nicely presented, and pretty good, but nothing phenomenal.  Some of the fish was dry - others seemed to be OK.  The service was slow.  And for the price, I'd go elsewhere.  Underwhelming.
2	I got three words for you - save your money.  It is WAY overpriced for mediocre sushi.  You can get better quality rolls at the Bellaggio buffet or another buffet.  Yes the sashimi is pretty fresh but other than that, I give it a 2.  Special rolls can cost you $20 for an 8 piece and nigiri up to $10 for 2 pieces!!! I know it's Vegas but man!  Tempura udon was worse than what I can make at home from pre-packaged store bought udon.  Oh and the service was pitiful.  No one even flashed half a smile and they just looked busier and stressed out than they should be.  I've been a waitress before and I could've handled all the tables ALONE but they had 3 servers and 2 hostesses!!!  I didn't have the teppanyaki so I can't comment on that but I say save your money.
3	Good quality sushi but you certainly pay for the privilege of importing to Nevada. But the $20 soft shell crab roll was very good.
4	We had dinner here before leaving Las Vegas. And we sure left with a happy tummy. We had Teppan yaki dinner, consists of New York steak 38., sea scallops 37., Chilean sea bass 39., and shrimp 35. Also some veggies and fried rice. They prepared it real well. Cocktails are all 15. lychee martini is sweet and so good. The Saketini is vodka & sake with fresh cucumber slices, it tasted like a cold Sake -- I liked it.
1	I don't even know where to begin! We waited 10 min for someone to bring us water then another 20 min for someone to take my order and waited 1:30 and only 1/2 of what we order came so we ask where are food was and to find that it was not even made yet! We ask to cancel it and get our check, we wait and wait again... It came 20 min latter the manager had to fix the bill and she just came over and ask if we really want to cancel our order after two hrs we where hungry and upset! I will never return to this restaurant even if it was free!!!
4	Great deal for the money. Not top dollar fresh but definately good for the price and better than average.
4	its a bit pricey but very good food! I highly recommend this place!
2	My dad has taken me here many times (5 to 7 times in the past few years) so I feel that I can give an accurate review of this place.  My dad is a Seven Stars member of the Harrah's group, so he get's comped at this restaurant or any restaurant in Ceasars, Paris, etc..  That said, we've never had to pay for a meal here.  But even so, I don't think that this place is worth it.  We've ordered the Toro here many times ($50 for 3 pieces of sashimi) and its very inconsistent.  There are times where the Toro comes out with the fat well marbleized where other times there isn't any fat at all.  What gives?  If they're charging $50 for 3 pieces of Toro you would think that it would be consistent.We also ordered the Kobe beef which was $198.  If I was paying I'd be upset.  Like Toro, when I order Kobe beef I expect the fat to be consistent around the whole piece of steak.  Here we had chunks of fat next to lean pieces of meat.  Isn't that just regular steak?Everything here in general is pretty overpriced for what you get.  If you're getting comp'd then maybe you should try it out, but if you have to pay money out of your own pocket you might want to look elsewhere.There are a few good items at this restaurant that I'd like to point out:Seafood udon - for $20, its a pretty good amount of food.Sea Urchin - deliciousYellowtail and Tuna sashimi - very fresh and consistent
1	I actually had to see how the laundry turned out before writing this review... more on that later.We had eaten here years previously, when it was awesome and known as the "Ah-So Steakhouse" and also a few times under the Hyakumi name.  Honestly, the quality has continuously deteriorated over the years, but it has always been 'pretty good' and they have a niche.  They are the only teppanyaki type place (I know of) that has private tables where you can have a nice dinner, prepared teppan style, and not have to sit with a bunch of sake swilling yokels from Tennessee.Anyhow, we decided to give it another shot on this trip to Vegas, and that was an unfortunate decision.  First the food-- It was again "decent".  But it was strange.  Our starters of Miso Soup and the crab salad with cucumbers were excellent and the same as we have had before.  The chef then arrived and in a matter of 5 minutes cooked EVERYTHING else.  The "appetizer" shrimp were cooked at the same time as our lobster entree.  The three shrimp each were not cut into little pieces like usual, but instead just lopped onto our plates.  My dad tried his and said LOUDLY (since its my Dad) "these are really rubbery" to which the chef smiled.  We each ate our three shrimp but they were rubbery and not very good.  The chef again asked "how are the shrimp?"  My Dad said "rubbery" and he must have thought that was a compliment because he just smiled.The lobster, steak and a mix of mushrooms, zucchini and onions very quickly followed and poof, he was gone.When we arrived we were seated at the teppan private table, but I had barely sat down when the hostess asked if we would mind moving to one of the 'group' tables.  We refused since we prefer the privacy, had asked for it and been seated there.  We theorized that because of this, they bumped the other reservation ahead an hour and rushed us out.It seemed like whole courses were skipped, we saw others getting sprouts and we never did.  Our dessert were these strange balls on the end of toothpicks instead of the standard ice cream.AND, I save the worst for last.  The chefs always must entertain, and that is fine.  Even if its a Dad and a son and we've been there done that 100 times, I guess the old onion volcano thing never gets old.  Except this time, he did the volcano (which involves pouring some kind of oil inside stacked onion slices and lighting it) and his onion stack was unstable.  It collapsed and a bunch of hot grease came flying right at me.  Some hit my bare arm and stung, but no major burns.  Most of it just made grease drops on my nice polo shirt.  The chef seemed nonplussed and asked if I was OK.  I made a couple of comments about the grease stains on my shirt.  No response.  So at the end of the meal we mentioned it to the hostess who brought out the manager.  This gal could have done a lot of things, but did none of them.  She didn't offer anything except to bring in a security guard so we could file a report with risk management.  I don't even know what that means!!  They were worried about being sued maybe?  In any case, a classy place at least discounts the $59 each we paid to cover the dry cleaning for the shirt... it had many many visible grease droplets on it.  Her response was UNBELIEVABLE... and clinches that after many visits to this place, we will never return.
3	Place was average. Ordered a $15 shrimp app that was basically grilled shrimp but it wasn't very good at all. Very tough with a bit of fishy taste. The location was great because it allowed for great people watching in the casino on a Friday night. I would try another Japanese restaurant in the area before coming back here.
4	Insist on Eugene at the Sushi bar. Accept no substitute. Wait, gamble (with your money), or come back another time. Trust me. Otherwise it'll be dicey, as in you'll take your chances (with your cuisine).Hats-off to my young but talented sushi chef, EUGENE. Giving my third AND FOURTH star for his expert technique and skill, uniquely and traditionally elevated/formal Japanese (and I mean, DAMN traditional) style. You are an asset to this place, sir! Domo Arigato Gozaimashte Eugenesan!--small, traditional japanese-sized nigiri, not American all-you-can-eat-two-bites-per-piece--excellently crafted seaweed wraps. (is he bringing in his own? because... see below)--veggies for salmon skin roll _cut_to_order_. Now _that's_ fresh.--tamago rice served inside the egg, not under it. Crafty!--blood-red maguro, my absolute favorite.--natto roll. you bet they have it. cut roll had no juicy strings. (that means he stirred it exactly the correct number of times)My usual but quick scan of the display showed that Tuna was the fish to order today. I was not disappointed.Normally given the choice, I'll choose the seat in front of the senior chef. Today, the gods were with me and my instinct to choose his junior chef was well rewarded.I say _INSIST on Eugene_ because from what experienced the next day from the senior chef, I wouldn't even be writing this review. He's just lost his passion. ...# rice falls apart with every nigiri as i pick it up. i mean even before it even makes it to my soy sauce -- and i'm no noob (newbie)---Note: you cannot hand back a dish of nigiri to the senior chef in front of him and his junior chefs. If you do, you must immediately leave the restaurant. Instead you just have to stumble through every piece, hoping that they're noticing that every piece is crumbling. You got it, I stumbled through every last $7 piece. (hana oh hana, i can't wait to get home) And you got it again, no one took notice, and no one apologized, nothing.What an humiliating spectacle!---# all-you-can-eat-two-bites-per-piece is appreciated at $12-14 for two pieces, but I want the masterful technique from yesterday.it ends up being sashimi with a pick-up-pile of rice now busted and all over my plate (see above)# rolls thrown together, not even packed. no care. what a disappointment.# seaweed has been exposed to humidity and air and is not the crispy "fresh" and dry i expect when sitting at the bar. EPIC fail.
4	I am far from an expert in the art of Sushihowever, I will do my best for this review of Hyakumi.I, along with the rest of our group was very impressed with the sushi at Hyakumi.We selected the California roll, Spicey Tuna roll, the Vegetable roll and theRainbow roll.All were excellent....After viewing the Dragon roll and Tiger roll being delivered to the next table I wished we had ordered those two as wellThey were amazing looking and I see why they are listed on the menu as a specialty rolls.They really looked special......awesome actually ..The real treat for me during the evening was the chance to taste the sampler trayof three Sake selections....the first was Hoyo -"Kura no Hana"   the second- Masumi -  "Yumedono"the third Dewazakura " Daiginjo".....Totally enjoyable.The service was supurb, and the servers were very patient with us,they could obviously see that we were total "rookies" when it comes to ordering sushi.The only slight negative to the evening was the table we were placed was right by the stairs leading up to Hyakumi, only a few feet off the walkway in the casino. It did not really give you the same feeling as dining inside.It did not, however, take away from the enjoyment of the Sushi.Expensive, but well worth a visit.I'll be back for the Dragon roll                                               and the Tiger roll.
3	Sushi was fresh. Food was good. Service was lackadaisical. Menu wasn't inspiring.  My companions all had the hibachi combos - I'm sure it tasted fine with all that butter, but they all left some food on their plates.
4	A friend of mine took me here for lunch and I loved it! I normally order rolls but I trusted her to order some sashimi. I was not disappointed!The yellow tail was really delicious as well as the salmon. We did end up ordering a tiger roll which was way better than any roll I've had else where -- really flavorful and fresh! I'll be going back again :)
2	Out of yellowtail ! Out of snapper ! Wtf ?
4	I went to dinner at Hyakumi on my last outing to Vegas.  I was pleasantly surprised with the freshness of their sushi.  The octopus and seared ahi was excellent.They only have the basic rolls here.  What they do make is very, very good.  I wish they had their own special creations.  I wasn't disappointed with the basic stuff though.It is a little on the pricey side.  But I've paid almost as much at good sushi places in So Cal.  Considering where this place is at, you're paying for some very fresh and very good sushi.And "no" the two warm sakes I drank did nothing to influence my review.
1	I came here with my husband, son, brother, and his girlfriend looking for a place to have a late lunch. The food was okay, definitely not anything special, and it was definitely not the quality you would think of at a Caesars restaurant. The service was not very good at all. We probably waited at least 45 minutes for our food, and the server (who only had one other table) never asked us how we were doing or refilled our water or anything. I understand they were closing for the afternoon before dinner, but it took so damn long to get our food when the place was practically empty. Does it really take 30+ minutes to make a Philly roll?We are probably not ever coming here again.
4	I ordered so much sushi that I wasn't able to keep track of everything that I ordered but everything was so fresh and delicious. I love sushi and this is one of the few places that brings in fresh fish (versus frozen disgusting fish to save on cost)
5	It is very sad to know that this place is closing down. I really enjoyed my dining experience here. The price-tag is a bit disheartening if you decide to order the Toro (Tuna Belly) but other than that, it is pretty manageable if you like sashimi and you do not need a lot to fill your hungry belly. I am quite a hefty eater but found that the pieces were quite filling. For the sashimi, we had the toro, yellowtail, tuna, salmon, sea urchin, orange fish eggs (I never learned the proper term), octopus, and albacore. I loved the toro even though it was $50 for 3 pieces, the octopus, and yellow tail. I never really had sea urchin and had no idea what it was when I put it in my mouth so the sliminess really took me by surprise. I think our party overdid the fish though because I don't think I will be eating sushi anytime soon. The rolls were also quite good. The bill came out to be around $400 not including tax and tip for four people, but a chunk of that was due to our three plates of toro. Hey, it's Vegas.
4	Went here on a Saturday evening without reservations.  The wait was about an hour so, we went off gamling and the time went by fast.  They called us when our table was ready.  The service was quite good as well as the food!!
3	Had dinner here one night. I initially walked in since I was in mood for sushi and I was staying at Caesar  and I didn't feel like walking around and I've past this restaurant numerous times when I was in Caesar in the past. I didn't make reservation so I was told if I wanted to have sushi on the restaurant section there would be a long wait (although I only saw 25% of restaurant full)...but if I have teppan yaki, there would be no wait~ I was hungry and didn't feel like waiting around so I said lets go teppan yaki!Teppanyaki was nothing out of the ordinary. Had it numerous times and compare it with Benihana~ it was similar dining experience and quality~ however the only difference is double the price tag. Uhhhh, the food was okay~ don't want to get into details since I am sure almost everyone has tried teppanyaki at least once if you review on yelp~ I personally would pay more for something new or amazing rather than something I am used to~ but who knows? if you've never had teppan yaki~ this place may be a wonderful experience for you~
1	Horrid! Sushi was pre made, lobster was a stew! Both arrived before we had 2 sips of wine (and were good for a few glasses each)- Caesars should be ashamed.
2	I wanted to go somewhere special for a date night out and since my date loves Japanese we decided to try Hyakumi. It was a Monday night and the place wasn't very busy so we were seated after a quick 10 minute wait without a reservation.*I would suggest making a reservation on the weekend if you plan on dining here.Food: We both ordered the steak and lobster dinner combo for $69. It came with Miso or Chicken Soup which were both decent but nothing special. We didn't eat the cucumber salad because it was soggy and salty.The shrimp was good but needed extra lemon and butter flavoring.The steak was marinated and cooked perfectly. Great cut of meat with minimal fat and juicy flavor.The lobster was decent but again needed extra butter and lemon.The rice was good but they charge an extra $6 for fried rice.Not sure how the ice cream was since our waitress never offered it to us.Drink: I had a martini with midori and cucumbers in it (forgot the name). It was perfectly mixed and delicious!Overall the food and drink receives 3.5 stars with the steak being the highlight of the meal.Service: The hostess was pleasant and greeted us promptly with a smile.Our chef was okay but he didn't do many of the show tricks. We saw alot of the other tables around us getting elaborate fire and volcano shows but our chef must of been new or having a bad day?Our waitress started off good with a pleasant greeting, but then it went down hill fast. We had to request water refills twice from another waitresses. After the chef finished cooking our food we never saw our waitress again. I'm going to guess she went on break because after completing our meals and waiting 20 minutes I finally flagged our helpful water waitress down and she had our bill. I've worked in fine dining and whenever you leave for break you take 2 minutes and tell your tables and explain that ______ will now be assisting you. She didn't do this or offer us our desert that came with our dinner combo. After our waitress returned to the floor she never returned to thank us and ignored our existence entirely. Overall the service receives 1 star.Personally I have experienced much better meals for $200.
3	It's better than I expected for getting sushi in the middle of a desert. The ambience isn't really my thing, but frankly that's okay. The bento box with assorted sashimi is definitely a good buy, although last time I was here I'd have to complain that they took forever to get my bill, which is annoying when you're in a hurry to get somewhere.
3	I like the layout of this restaurant.  The sushi was decent and the service was good.
4	I'm from Hawaii, where eating Japanese cuisine is part of my everyday. Truthfully, I wasn't sure if I wanted to go to a Japanese restaurant while on a vacation, but the boyfriend wanted to...and I owed him for so willingly accompanying me to the Celine Dion concert. Hyakumi was an unexpected delight. We easily made reservations in the morning and ate dinner at around 6.  The service was attentive but it was the food that left me satisfied. We split a hibachi order with sushi on the side. The meat was flavored simply and was very tender - though overcooked for our order of medium rare. I hate meat that is flavored so much that you can't taste that you are eating beef.The sushi was among the best I've ever had. The ahi (tuna) went down so smoothly that I had to eat several more pieces to confirm that I was eating such heavenly food. Overall, I'd go again.
