5	I have used this flower shop a few special occasions. I live in Chicago but my girlfriend lives in Phoenix and this place is close to her home.Let me just say that they always deliver on time and go the extra mile. I ordered some flowers for my girlfriend and wanted them delivered before she left for work. They went out of there way to make an extra early delivery and she received the flowers in time.highly recommend them!thanks Brit!
1	For the business in general:I put in my order for valentines Day early in January and for this I paid a premium - no problem. My problem is that it arrived late, a whole day later. They promised to keep me up to date from the time they make it to delivery, but they didn't do that. I just got an email saying it's been shipped with a tracking number. When I plugged in the number on UPS, it estimated deliver a day later EOD. Not only was it late, but the flowers starred wilting 2 days later even though the packet was inserted in the water. When I pay for flowers + a premium, I expect them to keep their promise. I will not be using them again, ever.
1	ordered a plant/flower arrangement from 1800flowers and for 90$ I am appalled at the arrangement that was sent to the funeral home!! the basket it came in looked like it came from the dollar store , was about 9inches in diameter and a cheap white bow on top!!! for a funeral!! I called to tell them about it , was luckily given half my 90$ back but I would've given it back for all my money back!!! as far as the plant I am going to have to repot it because a day later parts of it are already wilting!! and I'll have to put it in something that doesn't look like an Easter basket that even a kid didn't want!!!
1	For the business as a whole...I originally called in to order flowers for a friend. Gave them my info but I didn't have her work number on file so they assured me that they would call me with any issues. The phone call was taking awhile and I was at work so I had to get off the phone without a confirmation number or giving them my email but figured they had my number if there was any problems. Big mistake. First off...my friend never received her flowers at all even though they charged me. When I called 1-800-flowers they could not pull up my order. At all. After being hung up on 3 times and barely being able to understand what the other person was saying on the phone I was finally transferred to someone who was some what helpful. Somewhat. She was able to find my order. Even though both my first and last name was misspelled. Said that the florist didn't deliver to that area so sent my order to another florist who couldn't take my order either. What the hell. Why take my order to begin with if it can't be fulfilled. The somewhat helpful person on the phone told me that they had none of my contact info. Even though I had given my number more than once to the original person who placed my order. Ok? They assured me though that my account wouldn't be charged. Thanks? This is suppose to make me feel better? Hands down the worst customer service I have ever received. Ever. Will not be using them again.
1	This company should be shut down. They refused to place my order and still took money out of my account. Now they will not put it back into my account. Everybody who you speak to on their phone lines are in their home.
