5	You will be hard pressed to find someone who cares about cats more than Carmen Craig, the owner and operator of Feline Fabulous. Not only does she love cats, but being a Certified Master Feline Groomer (or as she puts it "having her Masters in kitty cats"), she knows what the heck she's doing.We brought the furrbaby in for a grooming, which included a nail trim, cleaning and deshed treatment. I dropped him off in the morning and when I picked him up after work he was clean, happy and napping comfortably in one of the several condos she has for boarding. (Connected condos are available for boarding multiple cats at a time.)The whole deal ran me $55 plus tip (expect an extra $10 if you have a long haired kitty friend) and I don't hesitate to call it money well spent. Not only am I satisfied with the services provided but I was happy to be able to leave him with someone who obviously cares about what she does.Dogs have long been the pet ruling class among Charlotte's specialty pet stores. I am glad that Feline Fabulous has given Plaza Midwood a place where the cat can be king.
5	I took my 2 cats here for grooming and boarding while I was moving it is such a nice clean environment with a friendly atmosphere. I felt at ease leaving my kitties here! I recommend it to anyone!
5	All I can say is "Thank God for Carmen and Feline Fabulous!!!".  I have an indoor/outdoor cat.  Last month, I was was going to New York for a week and had no idea where I could board Tommy.  A traditional veterinarian's office in a little tiny cage was NOT an option - my cat would mentally crack if he was stuck in a cage or crate all day.  He NEEDS people and stimuli.  Having a pet sitter come in was also not an option as Tommy has a specific routine of being outdoors for a couple in the morning, sleeps in the house during the day, then is is let out for a couple hours in the evening before he's called in to sleep for the night (he plays hard and sleeps hard).  I was seriously considering cancelling my trip, when I happened to check Yelp for "cat boarding" in Charlotte.  As soon as I looked at the Feline Fabulous website, I strongly felt I'd found my answer.Carmen was WONDERFUL.  I went to Feline Fabulous to check it out before the day I would be leaving my cat.  Carmen showed me around, I saw where Tommy would be sleeping (a "kitty condo") and saw the playroom where he would get to run, play with toys and look out the window.  The business was neat and tidy.  She had soothing music in the condo area.  What I like is that, even if she is at full capacity, she has deliberately kept the number of cats she'll house to a minimum so she can give quality, individual attention to each cat.An added bonus is she has a complete grooming facility as well and she is extremely educated in grooming and feline care.  She also knows pet CPR (which was very reassuring).  The day I brought Tommy, Carmen treated him like a king.  He was instantly comfortable and had to investigate everything.   I knew he would be absolutely fine and safe.While I was on my trip I called to get Tommy-updates, and Carmen described what Tommy was doing, what toys he was playing with, etc.  It made my trip SO much better, not worrying about him, knowing he was safe. I ABSOLUTELY recommend Feline Fabulous.  This opens up my travel world and will enable me to be able to take more frequent weekend getaways and such.Regarding price - the Feline Fabulous nightly rate is more than fair.  It was actually LESS than boarding at a vets or other establishment, PLUS those other places don't have everything designed with the comfort and psychology of cats in mind AND they don't have a Carmen.I could go on and on and cannot say enough how grateful I am and how good Tommy's (and my) experience was.  In fact, he wasn't in any hurry to leave when I went to pick him up (a little insulting to me, haha, but shows how comfortable he was there!).
5	I have been on Yelp for several years and have never written a review, but I feel so strongly about my positive experience at Feline Fabulous that I want everyone to know.  Carmen is truly, truly fantastic.  She spent a good 30+minutes with me both when I picked up and dropped off my cats. They had wonderful time climbing the tree in the playroom every day and came home happy and relaxed after their first time being away.  *I* was 10x more relaxed on my trip knowing that the cats were not in a cramped cage, were engaged and having lots of human interaction, and could play with each other just like at home.  I 100% agree with everything Kristina A. said in her review.My shy cat who hides from everyone and everything was sitting on Carmen's lap when I came in to pick them up, which is absolutely amazing. Feline Fabulous is the best!!!
5	I have three cats and have used Feline Fabulous previously for nail trims. This weekend I did a trial run with one cat to make sure he could board. Carmen was great with him and spent time getting to know him so that he would be more comfortable. I also brought in my other two cats for grooming and I can't believe how great they look and feel. No shedding! Their ears are nice and clean and they are so soft. I could never get the same results chasing them around the shower with the detachable showerhead.
5	I take my cats (I have 3) to Feline Fabulous on a regular basis to be groomed. Carmen does a FANTASTIC job! The cats are so soft and smell so good after she has groomed them! I also board them there whenever I am out of town. I know that when they are boarded there, they get lots of love and I trust Carmen immensely. The place is very nice and clean and I will never go anywhere else. Take your cats to Feline Fabulous, you won't be disappointed!!
5	I boarded my four cats with Carmen and I was really nervous about leaving them since they had never been boarded before. I don't know why I worried for why I did not bring the cats to her sooner. They were so happy! I visited the cats everyday and they all seemed so happy! My fluffy cat go groomed and he was so handsome. He seemed to prance around more than usual which is saying something! Her boarding facility is huge and much more comfortable than anything a vet's office can provide. I highly recommend taking your cats to Feline Fabulous especially if you want to board them in a nice and warm stress-free environment!
5	I took my two cats, whom I've never before groomed, to be bathed and de-shedded. Carmen was wonderful, and I could tell she was a genuine cat lover when my big boy diva, Mitch, actually let her scratch his chin. He never lets anyone outside the house touch him! Carmen was able to bathe both of my furbabies, but my girl, Mali, wouldn't allow her to try the de-shedding tool yet. I was just happy that Carmen didn't want to stress her out for a few extra bucks. I'm so happy that I'm arranging to board them here for my next trip in a few weeks. My cats smell so good that my dog didn't recognize them when we came home. I'm so relieved that I've found someone who understands cats and can actually bathe them!
5	I've brought my Smitty in a few times now for soft paws and de-shedding.  She can be... how shall I put this... combative when such things are being done to her.  But Carmen and her staff work quickly and painlessly.  Where it would take me an hour and a good pair of work gloves to chase her down, bribe her with treats and trim those nails, they are able to get it done with little protest in the time it takes me to read through my emails and twitter feed in their front lobby.I've also boarded her there once and she seemed fine when I got her, minus her usual pissed-offedness at me for going away.  That leads to a good customer service story.  When I asked if I could drop her off and pick her up at off hours due to our flight plan, they worked with me to make sure there was someone there for drop off and pickup, and even gave me cell numbers to reach in case things changed.  I have nothing but good things to say about Feline Fabulous.
5	Feline Fabulous is THE cat grooming place in Charlotte - which are far and few between in town. My kitty always comes back looking great and feeling good. Thanks Carmen & Co.!
4	I had ceiling repairs done to my studio apartment and knew little Zuri wouldn't appreciate weird men and loud noises for three days. I picked her up and dropped her off 8:45-5:15 Monday through Wednesday and was very impressed with the way feline fabulous handled the boarding process.They requested all vaccine reports and had me fill out forms with feeding, exercise, and other general requests. I was happy to find they even set up her favorite stuffed bear the way I recommended. :)Overall, the cat condos seemed adequate for a day or so but I don't think I'd leave Zuri here for a long period of time.
