4	I find the Pittsburgh Saks to be friendlier than Saks in many other cities.It's always a joy to talk to the people working at the perfume counter. They are very willing to let you sniff different kinds of perfumes; they patiently wait for you to make a decision; and they are perfectly pleasant even if your final decision is to not buy anything; they will still give you free samples if they have some.The sales clerk in the dresses section is also helpful. I once had to buy a dress in a hurry, and the person assisting me picked out three candidates (all on sale) and offered me her honest opinion about which one looked good on me. No attitude at all.Overall, I find shopping at Saks a better experience than shopping at the Macy's nearby.
4	I really like this Saks. It's close to my job so I am in there all the time! Antoine takes care of me with my clothing purchases every time I am there. Tom is my guy for Bond no.9. He sends out postcards telling me about new Bond fragrances and in store Bond events all the time. He always is hooking me up with a free sample when I come in! Reshonda is my girl for all other fragrances. If I want to try something and they don't have a sample she will make me one right on the spot! Now that's service! I would give the store a 5 put the interior SUCKS! It is too small and needs a major updating. It looks like Kaufmann's, Gimbel's or Horne's from back in the 80's. The fragrance counter is too small. The men's section is down in the basement and only half of the floor is men's. The rest is house ware. The majority of the men's section is suits. Can we get some Gucci or Prada clothing not just shoes? They really need to expand or move across the street to the old Lord & Taylor building!
4	I think someone at Sak's Corporate read my last review. They have rearranged and updated the men's floor! They moved the shoes to a more open and flowing location. They have also taken out the house ware section and have converted it into a Hugo Boss section that is huge! Louis Vuitton is now gone as of January 31, 2010 and was replace by a handbag wall. They left because Sak's wouldn't update their area. I am so sad to see them leave! They have a stand alone store in near by Ross Park Mall.Now if only they could redo the whole store.
3	Much like the rest of Pittsburgh, lots of friendly folks staffing the place.  And unlike California, no tax on clothes!!  There was a smallish selection, but all major Saks-quality brands were there -- theory, DVF, Marc Jacobs, Prada, etc.. Good amt of sale items in each department.Sadly, after 60 years the store is moving out late next year.. Sad loss for DT Pittsburgh.
4	Fair well old friend. You will be greatly missed. After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years, Saks Fifth Avenue is now closed. :(
3	I never really shopped here because of the downtown location, but I am sad to see it go. Now Nordstrom is the only upscale department chain we have, but it just isn't as magical as window shopping at Saks and wishing you could afford more than the cosmetics and the clearance rack. RIP :'((I did score an Alexander Wang bag for only $350 during the liquidation sale, so some good came out of it.)
