3	For a pharmacy on the Strip, the service was terribly slow and all checkers had long lines.  This is on the boring side on the street; there is a Walgreens on the other side.  Once again, no one offered me or asked me about a their ExtraCare discount card.
4	I think this place literally saved my life a couple of weeks ago.  As my husband and I trudged down the Strip at 9pm in what was still 157 degree heat, we looked up and noticed what we thought was a mirage....the glowing neon lights of the CVS Pharmacy.  We dragged our behinds in....desperately seeking life saving water....The lines were SUPER long, there were drunken people trying to cut in here or there and I think we probably paid $3 per bottle of water....but sooooo worth it at that moment....   I owe you big time, CVS!!   ; )
5	Water at CVS prices to rehydrate? - CheckFirst Aid Creme and Band-aids for the lost toenail? - CheckTwix with cash back so I can stick it to the man and not pay BOA any fees? - CheckOpen 24-hours? - CheckBeing the first CVS on the west coast? - Perfection
5	Okay tourists!  I understand we're all on vacation here, and I understand that there's a lot to do in so little time, but I also understand that in this economy, you could lose your job tomorrow (if you haven't already).  So WHY, then, would you want to pay $8 for that water bottle in your hotel room?  Just because its Voss or Fiji?  FYI: they sell the same bottles here for a few dollars less!Why, I ask, would you spend $3.50 for that Snickers bar, or $4.50 for that bag of nuts in your minibar, when you can get the same, even more, for a few dollars less at CVS, which is right on the strip?!Oops! Forgot your sun tan lotion? Need some soda and juice for those chasers? Oh, don't forget the souvenirs for all the unlucky folks who couldn't be with you!  But wait!  Don't make the convenient mistake of heading towards the gift shop!  Head over to CVS instead, and save yourself some taxi money back to the buffets ;)  Oh, and while you're in line, don't forget to get cash back, free-of-charge!  You never know when you'll need those extra dollar bills in Vegas, *wink*.Abby A. says: If you've got the cash then spend it fast, but if you're low on luck then save some bucks!
5	Half the strip seems to be under construction with dust all over.  Not only that, there are smokers everywhere.  On the first day in Vegas, I really needed allergy med.  I was in luck: I spotted a CVS pharmacy right on the strip.  The friendly pharmacist -- Ms. C. Anderson -- took time to call my Cali CVS, had the prescription faxed over, and made sure I got the med.  What relief!
4	This CVS is in a good location on the Strip next to Monte Carlo. Cheaper option for buying any meds, bottled water, snacks than inside the casinos. This location had more food than most CVS'. Sandwiches and a large refrigerated section. Also a large section of inexpensive Vegas souvenirs. Many cashiers at this location. Good thing since this place always crowded no matter what time of day.
4	***This pharmacy gets busy, but it is good to have a shop like this on The Strip, which allows you to pick up a needed toiletry or other item (that is probably much cheaper than what you will find at casino gift shops)***Located in between Monte Carlo and City Center, this CVS is pretty big and has a lot of stuff that travelers may need (it was sunscreen for me).Even though this CVS is probably more expensive than your local CVS, this Vegas option is a convenient shop when you forget something or need to replenish.  It should also provide a big savings over the expensive casino gift shops.
4	Its a CVS. I mean what can a person say less then four stars. When some people forget their meds or need a refill they get to worry less and continue to have a good time in Vegas. I stop for some cheap water and those random show off people that jump on things and over. Tried jumping over a sign and landed face first. Vegas has hundreds of people on the street and everyone is laughing at that guy.
3	I'm writing this review because it keeps popping up on my homepage... taunting me, harassing me, reminding me that I've been here before and I need to tell everyone why you should be coming here too. I don't know what the hell to say about a CVS. It was right next to my hotel (I was at the Monte Carlo), so it  was nearby when I needed more supplies for drinking, or something to soak up the alcohol in the morning. I mainly stop in to get bottled water. The people working here stare at everyone with contemptuous eyes; I don't know if it's because they despise the endless stream of tourists who descend upon their city every single day, or if they secretly yearn to join us in drunken, debaucherous evenings which they witness brief glimpses of during their shift. I'm going with the latter.
4	This store came right on time for me in my time of need, from the necessities to the CHASE ATM inside! :)
4	Yes, it's just a CVS. Really just another CVS. But - it's on the strip. Very close to the Monte Carlo, City Center, Bellagio, NYNY, and others... What makes it 4 stars? Well, need a bottle of water? Maybe some Alka Seltzer for that hangover? Perhaps you are getting luck and need condoms? Or maybe just a bag of Lays or something to help prevent the ensuing hangover? It's here. Buy you knew that... So again why 4 stars? It's a heck of a lot cheaper than the shops inside the casinos that sell the same stuff!!!! What more can I say?
4	This was next door to our hotel the Monte Carlo, and was a life saver.  This store does sell beer, wine, and liquor.  However we mostly used this store for the stuff that we forgot a home and for bottled water after coming home from the strip, this was our nightly last stop. Never a wait, and all the cashiers were always friendly. Much better customer service than the Walgreen's we have at home.
3	The first CVS in the west is this really true? If you look at my other reviews you will see that I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to stay at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. Well that place is AMAZING but this is the desert and you need water. So down the elevator and just about 500 feet from the street level entrance is: CVS. As many Yelpers have pointed out this is literally an oasis on the strip you can get a ton of stuff here for prices that are reasonablish. I also found a dice key chain with my name on it. There are usually guys trying to sell you an escort, helicopter tour of the grand canyon or show tickets outside the entrance.
4	The other day, I was out on the Strip with my friend. We were browsing around and were wondering what's on sale at CVS. We were thinking most of the items might be a little pricey due to its location. I was passing by the make-up aisle and saw the orange stickers with 75% off on some of the products, WOW! I've heard that CVS is considered to be a private store and because of that they raise their prices a little higher than other stores. I've seen CVS had really good deals like BOGO 50% offs on makeup quite often, haven't seen sales like 75% offs on items that sell pretty well.. I got some of L'Oreal's Hip Duo Eye Shadows and Revlon's Lip Gloss in 'Lilac Pastelle"(BTW, I'm a makeup junkie). It was a random purchase but It was a good buying (saved $30) :P The clerk was really friendly and nice. I might come back to the store if I'm in the area.
2	So many reviews to write while on vacay. In Las Vegas on the Strip. There are several convenience stores on the Strip, but it seems like the Walgreens and CVS offer a better selection.This CVS is near the Monte Carlo, MGM Grand and NY NY. Good thing about it is that it is open 24 hours. They do have a decent amount of tourist souvenirs, grocery, liquor, electronics and drug store items. Though it is pretty pricey. Jacked up because of the location.I did find some batteries here as my camera ran out of power. $4 for 4 store brand batteries seems high, but some others were asking for $5+ or $6+. If you need to pick up something for the trip, they have a nice aisle of sample/travel size items. Though no sunscreen. Either remember to bring some, go off the strip to buy some or try the Walgreens across the street. Found some store brand sunscreen which was fine.Not much to say about CVS other than it is convenient and open 24/7.
3	This place gets busy with tourists, so prepare to wait in line, and fight for your place because some people don't get the line formation for the cashiers (one main line for each section of registers). You can get pretty much anything here, even hard liquor. Prices aren't that steep, either.My only gripe is that the maximum cash back amount you get when paying with a debit card is $20. I hate paying extra fees when withdrawing from a hotel ATM, so I usually go to a CVS to get cash back. I guess you could go through the line a bunch of times to get more cash, but it's certainly a bitch when they're busy.
3	Yeah, I've probably been one of those loud and obnoxious drunk idiots you might have seen in here on occasion. But at least I try to be a nice drunk when on vacation!What more can I say about this location right on the strip that hasn't been reviewed before?Open 24/7Pretty large selection that you always find in most CVS locationsAll types of Vegas souvenirsLots of drinks and snacks to choose fromFull service drug storeMagazines, books, newspapersCheaper than the ripoff casino shops!I will usually hit up the CVS a few times to pick up some toiletries or things I forgot to bring while on vacation. Also for bottled water which is way cheaper than the casino shops. Or just some munchies for when I am hammered. It's good to know it is there when you need it.
5	Large CVS store with a crap ton selection of alcohol, souveniors, and necessities.  Had to run in here for some quick sunscreen so picked up a can of CVS brand spray sunscreen which worked quite well. Prices are a bit higher in this CVS compared to other CVS's around the country, but what can you expect. You're on the strip, so its a tourist trap for people like me.Two downsides: 1. no weekly savings that the other CVS's around the country have. 2. Not as much of an alkie selection as the Walgreens across the street. TIP: for cheaper souveniors, I'd go to that Grand Canyon store located on the right side of the road if you're walking from the MGM to planet hollywood.
4	Conveniently located right next to Monte Carlo and the Cosmo, hugest CVS I've seen, and great to pick up snacks, drinks, alki, cigs, etc! They even have pre-packaged foods as well. Lots of cashiers and self-checkout systems as well.
4	Giant CVS, has all your basic necessities, open all the time.Definitely go here over a casino sundries store. Cheaper and easier. You can stock the room with bottled water if you need too.Bonus points from me because they have a Chase ATM which I saved me some ATM fees since I might have forgotten to hit the bank before my latest weekend extravaganza...oops.The fact that I can buy vodka at CVS in Vegas still amazes me. Much better deal then you'll find at the hotels.
4	While walking tired and thirsty down the Strip, we chanced upon this CVS and entered it to purchase something to drink.  We had good experiences with another nearby pharmacy so we also expected a good experience with this one too.  We were not disappointed.In addition to the medium sized bottles of Gatorade that we brought, we noticed that they sold all sorts of souvenirs and at prices cheaper than the shops at the casinos.  While it's true that not every souvenir could be found, generic items such as flasks and glasses are abundant.  Not far from the exit, I also noticed prepared food items such as subs and sandwiches.
5	You might be asking, why the eff am I reviewing a CVS?This CVS is massive.  It is really centrally-located to a lot of things, so there is always hustle and bustle happening.... yet, the store is always clean and bright!  Compared to other places on the Strip, the prices aren't THAT bad.  It's the Strip.  You should know you're going to have to pay a lot - that can't be changed.The sales associates do a good job corralling the rowdy herds of customers.  I have seen them help (very) inebriated patrons figure out how to use the self-checkouts in their drunken stupors.  There is often a sales associate near the lanes to make sure people aren't cutting in lines and to help move things along.  I love that I can go in, grab a bottle of water, and be out in less than sixty seconds if I move fast enough.Sure, I wouldn't come to the Strip just to visit a CVS.  I'm a dork, but not THAT much of a dork.  However, if you're down there, it's an easy place to get in and get out with what you need.
4	It is an investment to get to this CVS if you're on the opposite side of the street. There just are not enough pedestrian walkways, dammit!But the prices here are much friendlier on the wallet than those at Walgreens. Yes, I wasted 15 minutes of my life wading through people and long wide streets to get here without knowing if the time and energy would be worthwhile, but I was glad I did. Yay my frugality! I saved a few bucks! :3The lines are not as painless and efficient as the Walgreens' lines, but whatevs.Bought a 20 count pack of earplugs for $4.19, a pack of CVS brand pretzels for $0.99, 2 packages of 10 count generic brand granola bars at $1.59 each, and 2 turkey and cheese pita sandwiches at $3.99 each. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and alcohol-detox for $17!
2	Take whatever you pay for booze at Costco and multiply by a factor of three.This place is only in business to smoke you on alcohol because "MLife" charges $14 adrink and $7 a beer. Each customer is harassed by CVS sponsored travel fools as if you're in some 3rd world hotel.The only reason they EVEN get TWO stars is you can some snacks, "personal needs", and a few beers at a legit price.If you want some pregame in your hotel and don't feel like paying $110 for Grey Goose, check your bag, or drive. Vegas needs a serious wake up call...
5	Came here to grab a 3 pack of 24oz beers.  Lady at checkout randomly gave me a discount and ended up being $4.  Not sure how that happened, glad it did.
4	I'm a huge fan of CVS.  I go to the one by my house in NJ weekly.  I was glad when I spotted the CVS on the strip and I needed a few supplies.  I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw fresh groceries.  They had a huge selection of sandwiches and drinks and even had a few aisles of souvenirs that were cheap!   This was definitely the place to go when you need something and don't want to spend resort prices!
4	You would think a 24 hour CVS right on the Strip would have outrageous prices and horrible customer service??? NOT SO!!! The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and the prices were about the same as my local one at home. If you don't want to pay $7 + tip for a bottle of Budweiser at the Monte Carlo next door then pick yourself up a six-pack here for way less and take it back to your hotel room. They also have a huge selection of grab and go sandwiches right by the front door. Cheap and actually very good.
4	This CVS has the most ideal location on the Strip. It is convenient and easily accessible. It has a wide variety of snacks and drinks. The price is cheaper than the Walgreen that is directly across the street, and of course, your hotel room. For example, a bottle of smart water, sold $1.99 here. I think at Walgreens it is either 2.49 or 2.99. I don't remember. But at your hotel room, it is somewhere between $5 - $10 for the same bottled water.I have been here several times and the staff are always friendly. There are fewer CVS on the West Coast so I don't have much interaction with CVS in general. But this store is my to-go spot in Vegas when I need a quick snack or drink.They should expand their fruit section to sell beyond bananas and apples. Of course, people didn't come to Vegas to eat fruits.
4	Very convenient store opens 24/7 in the center of strip! They have pretty much everything, mostly we come here for more alcohol and over the counter drugs, when we are in Vegas, we get allergies from lack of sleep, or upset stomach from drinking and partying too much....  The prices are higher than other CVS in your hood for sure, but it's all about location, traffics are bad on strip, it just saves us lots of time to go to other similar stores. The alcohol is more expensive too, a 720ml Grey Goose or Patron Silver is about $20-25 more if I remembered correctly, but think about the bright side, it's still cheaper than the wet bar in our suite! The customer service is really good, staffs are very friendly and helpful, it gets slow sometime because there are always too many people, so just be patient, we are on a trip, no need to get grumpy...;p Those Vegas souvenirs are just too cute! Anything you want to remember this sin city, they are there! Take your time and pick something for yourself or friends & family!
5	Duke comes to Vegas and feels that perhaps the Casino that he was staying in should have comped him more alcohol. I imagine that this happens quite a bit, I mean doesn't everyone hit the Desert Wonderland in pursuit of free booze, cheap food, lucky slots and female impersonators?Once I realized that getting more than one free drink while I played roulette was unlikely, I needed to find a respite and some Milwaukee priced beers.'Ello CVS...24 ounce PBR's for 2.99. Thank you so much you wonderful little chemist shoppe!I didn't even mind the multitude of hawkers out front, the phalanx of porn peddlers and Grand Canyon Tour Guides. Raising my hand to these folks and simply saying, "No thanks, I'm only here for moderately priced beer", was all it took.This CVS was "as good as it got" for one weekend in Sin City.
3	A hour i need it now place on the strip. Perfect . So why three stars. Idea is perfect but the store is normal. Employees are presented with all kinds of people non stop. In result they look pretty worn during a shift. So they don't provide the above an d beyond to generate those extra stars, BUT that shouldn't stop you from stopping but for some bottles or smokes or what ever you need while you are on the strip tearing it up.
4	I mean how awesome is it to be able to buy alcohol and snacks while staying on the strip. We saved a ton of money drinking our own mixed drinks by the pool instead of buying them from MGM's waitresses! And breakfast... well a hotel room-made PB and J works for me!
5	My mom got sick on the strip thank goodness for a pharmacy walking distance and open during the holidays ;)
4	Well stocked because they know the tourists are coming. Bravo!
3	Thank goodness this place is here-Mom needed tissues I needed ear plugs and they have all that and as much Las Vegas related merchandise you could ever want. The self-checkout lanes are a real litmus test for who will survive the robot apocalypse. The Chase ATM was not working this past Monday hopefully they fixed that.
1	Very annoying when an employee sneaks up behind you in the self service station as you are putting a scanned item in a bag and starts scanning items without any requests for help. It's also bad when she double scans and when I tell her I have done this before and need no help, she has the audacity to say,  "I am trying to help, so you won't be frustrated", and walks away like she was dong me a favor.Customer service training is in order. Offer help is fine and only help when it is requested.
5	I love how this place is conveniently located on the LV Strip and next door to our hotel, Mandarin Oriental!!! I'm so glad they added the express checkout stations too
3	This location is great, because it is more stocked than most other CVS's.  It's really a convenience store that sells drugs.  You can get your basic supplies there, and if you forgot to bring anything with you to Vegas, chances are that this CVS carries it.  And if you drive there, parking is very easy - right off the strip, and more than enough spaces.Here are a couple of things that I don't like about this location:1. You get accosted by tour companies as you try to enter the door.  No, I don't want to see the Grand Canyon by helicopter...again...I just want a 24 ounce Miller High Life can.  Geez!  I even heard an employee at the tour desk yelling at a (potential) customer.2. An occasional person outside begging for money.  I think the sidewalk is public there, so not much CVS can do about it, but it's annoying.It's a solid choice for necessities.
5	When I cost vegas I go from the airport strait to cvs. Get my booze pick up my sodas some extra products that I missed or didn't want to carry on the plane. My visit to this location was great. It's mainly self checkout so you don't have too many lines unless it's like rush hour and all kinds of people are getting water and what not.. They have security sometimes so you will feel safe and be able to walk around with no worries .
3	Everything in Vegas is expensive.  If you haven't figured this out yet you will soon.  I came to this location to get some cash from the Chase ATM.  Not only do they have this but they also have the tap to pay at checkout.  They have self checkout for about 8 total customers 4 on each side as well as plenty of clerk serviced checkouts.  Water and Gatorade are expensive but necessary in the hot and dry dessert of Las Vegas.  Be sure to hydrate early and often.
4	This is a good place to stick up on water and other essentials. It's pricier than the CVS at home, but they make up for it with a wide selection of the types of products a Vegas visit requires (water, sunscreen, water, meds, water...dang, I'm getting thirsty).I highly recommend the self-scan option during checkout.
5	Seriously the biggest CVS I've ever seen. All you need in one spot. Either more booze to keep the party going, bandaids for the ladies who's shoes are creating blisters, shitty Las Vegas souvenirs to take back home, makeup to hide your hangover, etc. It has an exclusive and very convenient parking lot next to it so you can get in and out without walking a few miles like the rest of Las Vegas. Also open 24 hours for your convenience.
5	Could this be the nicest CVS format ever? Like other drug stores in the area, it's more like a department store.From booze to cables cords and hygiene items to beauty products, this place has everything (except poster board, which I needed, but most ppl don't in vegas).The best part is that each department has an employee staffing the area and when I went to purchase sunblock, they gave me a $5 manufacture's coupon. FIVE STARS
5	Nice location for being on the strip. Gets pretty busy but the customer was good. Check out was fast. They also have self check out. Store is clean and organized. They carry a lot of products. Good sales. They also sell booze.
1	I came in after work to get a prescription filled. I have been going through some dental procedures and the Docs prescribed me codeine to get through the pain. I got the first script filled no problem and when it ran out ( in the properly ascribed time frame) I went in to get the second one filled. That's when it got sketchy. The pharmacist told me that she couldn't fill it because they didn't have it. I questioned that. You don't have codeine? How come? She said, "Because the manager is on vacation." Really you don't have medication that I need because your manager is on vacation? She tells me to try another CVS pharmacy but she won't call the other ones for me to make sure they have the medicine because it's "not allowed,". She tells me I have to drive to every other one in Vegas hoping they have it. Total BS. Did I mention that this was after work and I was in my uniform? Did I look like a drug addict to her, is my question. Now I'm at home, in pain with no meds. Thanks CVS pharmacy for denying me my needed medication.  My jaw hurts.
5	We stopped here to get little snack around 12/20/14.  The little lady at the cashier regiseter was so cute and greeted everyone who came into the store.  It's a big cvs.  WIth a supply of everything.
