2	Cheaply made apartments, SHADY LEASING OFFICE, loud hallways and thin walls, small gym and pool, not worth the money, no parking even for people that live there, leasing office doesn't care about tenants only about themselves.The good things about this complex is that maintenance is nice and helpful, ground area around complex is kept clean, and great location. Other than that, I would NEVER recommend living here, there are better places out there in Charlotte, NC.
1	Great location, but that's about it.  I've lived here a month and a half and have already had my washing machine catch fire and then (separate occasion) flood my whole apartment.  Maintenance is slow to respond unless you physically go down to the office and demand service on a request which they always seem to have conveniently "just gotten."  The walls are so thin and there is a train about two blocks away that will announce itself every 30 minutes.  Very, very overpriced for what you get.  Also balcony size is sort of random, you might have a big balcony or you might be able to stand on it if you suck in.  I can't wait to move out.
1	Fantastic location, walking distance from everything you could ever want in South End.That's it. It's two poorly built buildings that look like a hotel from a horror film, full of frat dudes who love to blast horrifying rap music.Maintenance is slow, the leasing office is managed by monkeys, and no one cleans the trash from the constant parties.
1	Worst place I've ever lived. Some of the other reviewers already mentioned it but the worst part about this place is the horrible construction and the fact that you can pretty much hear when your neighbor takes a sh*t. I've had to sleep with earplugs in most nights over the last 5 months. I have about 5 months left on my lease and I'm counting down the days. I feel like I might lose my sanity living here. The person above me sounds like he's stomping all the time and slamming drawers. He also enjoys blow out fights with his girlfriend. The apartment itself is very nice but the rest of the place looks like a Frat house. The stairwells are often littered with beer cans and good luck getting a chair at the pool in the summer since some of tenants invite everyone they know. It'll cost you about 2 months rent to get out of your lease, so that's not really an option. The only upside is the maintenance people are nice and very fast....but that hardly makes up for all of the downsides to this complex. Also yes, lots of Frat dudes with horrible taste in music and no regard for the fact that not everyone in the complex wants to hear it or may have to actually get up early to work.
