4	I love this place! Cheap, super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job. They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?
5	Awesome family owned carwash that you just can't beat. The family atmosphere is great and you can tell they really value their customers. Most of the customers you can tell are repeat. Cash only, but you can't beat the deals. Awesome details and handwax specials. Provide TV's to watch while sitting in a massage chair as your vehicle is taken care of. No place in the Phoenix area can compete. If you show up at the right time you might even meet a couple of ball players from the Cardinals.
5	Never had a car detailed before, but my car was nasty. My brother blows snot rockets in the passenger seat, I spill food and drink all over it. I throw my mountain bike covered in mud in the back. I go on hunting trips and get animal fluids in it. I park it at the airport and let food rot in it.I knew I was personally incapable of cleaning it as deeply as it needed to be cleaned.These guys got this car as clean as it could possibly get. For $50. Worth every penny.I don't want to exaggerate, but what they do is actually a skill. It was obvious that they wanted me to be happy with it and the guys really seemed to take pride in their work. Cash only, which is my style.
3	Hmmm...where to start. I'll start off saying that you can not beat the price of $9 for a car wash-complete with air freshener and armor all for your tires. Love that. I will say that the place is definitely in need of a face lift. They only accept cash for payment, which is totally absurd in 2013. I went a few months back and some thugs stole my iPod out of a closed compartment (totally my fault for leaving it in there). Hope they loved my greatest hits of Britney Spears! Last time I went, I asked the owner for a rain check and he told me they stopped giving them because people were taking advantage of it.  *blank stare* Aren't they supposed to if it rained?? Ahhh.. whatever.. I still go though, it's close to the house.
1	This is my first Yelp review and under better circumstances I wish I was writing my first great review. Unfortunately not. I'm usually like those of you who get too lazy to complain even if there's something wrong and usually there's not much that bothers you. However, this was my first car I bought with my hard-earned money and I wanted this to be a special event. I bought it last week but it was raining all last week so I waited and waited until today. So I scoured through my fellow Yelpers to help me pick a car wash that has great reviews. My eyes locked on World Class Car Wash and I spared no expense. I purchased the full detail $49 and Hand Wax $20. I told them that the previous owner had window stickers and decal everywhere. I told them about something he stuck on the dashboard and a residue that remained. I pointed them all out and I thought with paying $70 total for everything I would get some attention on things I specifically asked about. However, much to my dismay, the stickers and decal remained. I asked them to remove it and I thought it was good. Even up until then, I wanted to be happy so I just left. As I was driving my car I noticed gunk all over the window. The guy who was scraping with the razor to get the decals and stickers off didn't bother to throw decal residue out after scraping them. Everything remained. As I checked more later, I noticed candy wrappers from the previous owner still there but this time soaked breadcrumbs from being watered during the detailing process. It was nasty digging my hands down there to collect all the wrappers. I was very disappointed. This was my first car and I wanted it to be an experience. Sorry guys.
4	As promised, Steve hooked it up. I went back and he made sure everything was on point. They washed my car and even got some of the tar spots off-free of charge. I'm a fan! Thanks, Steve!   :)
5	I'll admit, I've been more than a bit curious to try out this car wash, located on a particularly sketchy stretch of McDowell. The pricing seemed to good to be true, too: $20 for a wash and hand wax on my Wrangler. The gamble paid off, though: the final result was fantastic! The exterior was shiny, vinyl and rubber surfaces dressed, and interior vacuumed and free of the remaining dog hair that another, more prominent hand wash establishment left coated on the carpeted upholstery.The actual waiting area is not bad: there is assorted auto merchandise for sale and, while dim, it was clean and well air-conditioned. Be prepared to pay in cash.
4	The other reviews are right on. This place is so weird and sketchy I would never send my wife here. The inside looks like a great place to get murdered. I prefer to sit outside thinking about which direction I'd run if shit goes down. But the people are nice and they do a thorough job on the car for a good price. BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE CASH!
4	Other reviews are spot on.  The place looks rather sketchy, and I would not have even tried if not for the positive reviews.  I purchased the deluxe wash for $18 and it turned out to be a great deal.  Basically a full detail with wash/wax.   It took about 30 minutes (a bit longer than I would prefer), but I honestly did not mind because they were literally working on my car the entire time.  I will definitely go back.
5	It's like that whole in the wall kinda restaurant, many people won't think to stop by and give it a try, one cuz of the way the place looks and two the area. I grew up in possibly the worst part of town back in the day so $#@! like that doesn't bother me. I stopped up cuz they came up on my yelpinator and had good reviews. They staff is cool and friendly and they have good rates.. like everyone else said CASH ONLY. The guy at the register was nice enough to let me go to the ATM down the street and bring him the money. Plus the $2 off for the check in, sign me up.. $13.00, for the special, cleaned inside and out.
5	Please read the whole review.  It is in two parts.First - Best wash my car has ever had.  The exterior and interior were great.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.Second part - don't let the looks of the place from the road scare you away.  The reviews that describe it as "sketchy" and "that kind of hole in the wall" are accurate.  The place is very clean, but if not for all the great reviews, I would not have gone there today.It is now my only choice for car washes here in the Valley.
5	You already know they do a great job here!!! And get ready for this!! THEY TAKE CC NOW! $2.00 surcharge but it's worth it not to have to go to these sketchy places on McDowell Rd. World class is the only car wash I will come to!
5	I had a really nice visit at World Class. They did a good job on my CLK 500. Way to earn my business.
5	I got there at 815am on a Saturday.  The man that greeted me and took my wash order was extremely helpful and detailed with his explanations of the services.  They vacuumed and I left my car at the wash while I went next door to eat breakfast at Burger King.  Previous Yelp reviews said that the detailed cleanings are about 40 minutes from the start until finish.  I believe the service was a hand wash and wax and I paid for an additional engine cleaning since the compartment was so dirty.  When I returned after 30 minutes they were indeed working hard getting the interior and windows spotless.  I will never complain on waiting if my car is continuing to get additional attention and cleaning. After 10 minutes the employee called me at the completion of my car.  Unlike other "detailed washes"  World Class employees showed me the car first before parking it.  This is outstanding service as they wanted to make sure nothing was missed.  Nothing was missed, it was a great cleaning in every way.  They did an amazing job!  Like other Yelpers, this place gives you a detailed cleaning comparable in my opinion to the higher priced mobile services and at half or more of the cost and you don't have to wait, just drive up and they start cleaning.  World Class is twice as thorough as any of the full service car washes in the area at the same price (almost all of the others are much higher in price).  I will never go to any other place other than World Class from now on.  It is that good.  This place is a hidden gem.  I will be bringing my SUV next weekend.  Thank you to all of the staff as this was my first time there.  Thank you for being was so complete and thorough with my pride and joy, 2010 Camaro.
5	Just take my word for it and come in!!! Try it.. Thank me later!! Great staff super friendly.
4	Great deal for a wash, especially with the yelp check in. My car leaves cleaner than any of those automated drive through spots and they spend a good amount of time wiping your car down inside and out. However, they didn't vacuum my trunk and i had to drive back after the dry to do it myself and suck up some crevices inside as well. There were also towel streaks on the windows so they need to change out towels more frequently or use a better glass cleaner. Even with those, I'll be back for future car washes because I hate places like clean freak, which isn't that much cheaper than coming here.
