4	Only in Scottsdale people. Only in Scottsdale. An auto SPA! Yes, they call it a spa. The car washers are auto masseuses. The mechanics are auto surgeons. And the cashier is well, actually, just the cashier. No irritating glass replacement or window tint freaks hitting you up for extra cash. They've always done an excellent job with my car and unlike Jiffy Lubes, actually carry  filter for BMWs. The market inside, always clean, well stocked and the "lounge" has leather chairs and TVs. Not a bad place to hang while man's best friend gets a day vacation at the auto spa.
1	I went cobblestone last weekend and had the worst wash of my life. I usually go to the Danny's down the street but happened to be closer this day so I thought I would try it out. I will NEVER do that again! My car wasn't even clean...they didn't wipe out the cup holders...my tires still had mud on the rims...it was filthy! Thomas obviously hasn't been to a Danny's before...it's so much nicer.
2	This place never gets it right. I recently took my car in for their $26 oil change/lube/car wash special, where you basically get a free car wash. The service guy was very nice, noting things I probably should replace, but that I could wait on for another few thousand miles.  He did let me know that I needed a new air filter and offered to upgrade the car wash to a supreme if I went ahead and replaced the filter, which I agreed to. However, I specifically asked that they 1) not forget to include the air freshener, which my mom said they always forget , and 2) vacuum the interior very well, since I'd had my dogs in the car and hairs were all over. I get the bill for my car and they've charged me for the upgrade to supreme car wash, so I have to have them remove the charge. Then I get my car and they've forgotten the fragrance. Finally, I get home and look at the hatch area of the interior to find it covered in sand and dog hairs, like they never even vacuumed at all, let alone vacuuming especially well, like I requested. This place is for the birds, to be polite, but they do have a very nice waiting area, if that's what you like in a car wash.
1	Worst wash ever...the guy sold me a half price detail saying that if I bought that he would upgrade me to a Supreme wash that day and not charge me for it. Well the Supreme wash left my car looking not a lot better than when I came in. Windows were dirty, interior still had dusty scuff marks on the door, dirty wheels, big globs of vinyl conditioner were hanging on the dash, and there was dust everywhere, as if they hardly wiped the interior at all. The boot didn't even look as if it was vacuumed at all and they didn't bother to remove the mats up front so there was a whole lot of dirt underneath that had not been sucked up. They finished the car in record time which should have been a tip off - I can do a better job any day in my own driveway. Stupid me for buying a service from them before I found out what a crap job they do. I will go back and redeem my "full detail" but I have a feeling I will be disappointed.
2	I'm not even sure why they have retail prices on these things, as they sell you everything at 80% off which makes you feel like you're getting a good deal. What a scummy way to do business. They really don't even do that good of a job anyway.
3	This is your basic full service car wash. They run it through the exterior wash, give it a nice dry, and vacuum and wipe down the interior. I've been here a few times and it's always hit or miss. Sometimes you are in and out and others you will wait a while. It's pretty pricy too. I'd prefer Frances and Sons over Cobblestone due to these reasons.
4	I purchased a groupon for this car wash and have been here several times. Consensus is they are great. I get in and out quickly, the waiting room is comfortable, and staff is friendly. But most importantly, they do a good job. One downside, they are very pricey. But they offer coupons all the time so after the discount it's very reasonable.
1	Too good to be true. Went in for a car wash.  Had a chip in my windshield. They offered to fix it (by putting in a claim with my insurance FOR me), I said Ok.  Waited super long time. Turned out my car was ready but no one told me so I sat an extra hour.  Then noticed that my "chip fix" cracked and split.  They tried to fill it with resin and not mention it.  it continued to split.  my insurance doesn't cover it.  They said it would be $143.  the guy who replace my windshield had a work order for $215.  I had to pay him. Cobblestone NEVER returned ANY of my phone calls.  to the shop or to Sean's personal cell #.  They are a crock.  AVOID. If I could give "no star" I would.
1	I had a rock chip in my windshield.About three weeks after it happened, I stopped at Cobblestone to have it repaired so my windshield would not crack. About three times they told me that they "guarantee their work".Two days after the did the repair, my windshield cracked, starting from where they did the 'repair". When I went to Cobblestone, and explained the problem, ti turns out that the "guarantee" is that they refund your insurance company the $30 they charged for the repair! Some 'Guarantee"!Additionally, the manager approached me as I was warning another customer, and thinking he was real cute, told me to get in my car and get my drugs, then 'what have you been smoking?' How professional.This is not an honest establishment, nor do they do good work.I would recommend hiring professionals to work on your car, not children.
4	I've been going to the Cobblestone Auto Spa for years and I'm always satisfied with their car wash services. I've done the basic $5 express washes as well as the more premium washes, and each time I think they do a great job of paying attention to the details. I get in an out of there very fast on the express washes, and I usually don't have to wait more than 10 minutes or so on the more premium washes. The attendants sometimes try to upsell me on stuff I don't want or need, but they're not pushy. In fact, they're usually very courteous. Overall, I dig the service and I think it's a good value for the money--especially on the $5 express wash. One tip--look out for when they have gift card sales, usually around monsoon season. If you buy a gift card with a certain number of washes, they'll give you a few extra washes for free.
4	This review is for the gas station and convenience store only.  I haven't had my car washed here yet.  I do like getting gas here though because the lanes are very wide and it has easy access to Frank Lloyd Wright, the 101, and that side street along the FWY (don't know the name).I'll give the car wash a try sometime for sure.Return Factor - 83%
3	My experience with Cobblestone occurred about two months ago. After paying well over a hundred dollars or so for a complete detailing of my car interior--the first detailing the car has ever had, it is 10 years old and had as many years of accumulation of fast food droppings, etc--I handed my keys over and asked them a) to please hold onto the box in the trunk but throw anything else away, and b) how long would this take? They made a point to tell me that they will be careful not to throw the box away, and that the whole thing would take about an hour. Fortunately, the box did not get thrown away, but unfortunately this was because after two hours (not one) the trunk was not even touched!I was so prepared to give these guys four or even five stars because they did such a good job of cleaning the interior of the car other than the trunk, but I did not realize that my trunk was left untouched until I got home, at which point I threw away the trash myself (I had quite a bit), brought the box inside, and drove the car all the way back to Cobblestone to ask them to finish the job.Now, perhaps they don't normally include trunks when performing an interior detail. If that's the case then this should have been explained to me when I asked them to keep the box in the trunk but throw everything else away!Fortunately, they have a couple decent seating areas, and I must confess I thought it to be slightly weird to see so many people sitting in comfy lounge chairs just quietly staring all in one direction out at the cars as they got finished up, almost as if it was a theatrical presentation.
3	I bought a groupon for 3 months of unlimited express car washes. The guy setting me up with the sticker was very courteous and offered me a free upgrade on my first wash to get me started. The inside looked very clean and the waiting area was nice. The Scottsdale location is on a very precarious corner and is very difficult to get in and out due to the heavy traffic in the area.After being done with the express wash package, here's what I noticed; The express washes NEVER got my car all the way clean. There were always some kind of very visible dirt spots left. Maybe going through a second time would have taken care of the left over dirt/sludge, but that wouldn't be very "express" would it? Oh well, you get what you pay for l guess.I did get a full service wash there recently and my car looked much better than when going through the express wash. It wasn't perfect, however, nothing spectacular.TL;DR don't waste your money on the express washes. If you absolutely cannot resist getting your car washed there, at least get full service or your car won't look decent.
4	I would give like  3.5 stars..Not  bad, not perfect. Great and fast service, making an appointment helps on a busy day.They try and sell their expensive car washes, I have had a mixed experience- sometimes I get one of those pestering salesmen and i need to keep saying No :o)Nice seating/waiting area outside and inside is available.Love the coupons they often drop after the service for your next one and their supreme car washes are great for all the basic fixes and cleaning/vacuuming. Always check their website for some great deals going on.
3	We get our company cars cleaned here and my manager always talks about how nice and convenient they are. So per her suggestion, I took my car in and got the $24.99 wash. The employee at the cash register was nice and helpful and the wash took about 10 minutes. The wash wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst either. I will probably go back just because the location is convenient.
3	They do a decent job here at Cobblestone. I purchased a Groupon 3 Month unlimited deal a month and a half ago. I have used it over the last several weekends. I do **HATE** the upsell and the damned windshield sales people!!! Hopefully someone will see these reviews and do something about that. Its the biggest reason I did not give them more stars here. The guys who do all the detailing do a good job... and I always remember to give them a little something. They are not doing the "upselling"... but the sweat their asses off out in the heat.
2	Car must be washed and these guys wash cars right? Well they seem more like carnies at the state fair trying to sell you everything under the sun. Back off and wash my damn car! I don't want a windshield repair (does it look cracked?), a carpet cleaning, detail job, oil change or anything else - except maybe gas.
1	The idiot oil change kid tried to charge me $79.95 for an oil change that I got at Honda for $29.95. Told me my
2	It's hard to give Cobblestone more then Two Stars given the harassment they inflict on their customers I am sorry to write.I would agree with fellow Yelper, Michael C. that they should just  "back off and wash the dam car!"   Inside Cobblestone, you will find they have the various food options similar to that of any Seven-Eleven, or Circle K.  You can sit inside or out, but inside they have large comfy chairs and TVs to watch the progress of your car. I like the convenience of this location, near the 101 and FLW.  There is also a McDonalds next door to the car wash and it is easy enough to walk across the lot if the line backs up. I have a reasonably new car and my insurance would replace the windshield if I found any cracks at no charge.  I would assume most local insurance companies work the same way, so why the strong arm tactics and the hard sell?  Go figure.Gasoline is also cheaper here (only if you buy the Car Wash) then at most other Scottsdale gas stations, but it is still cheaper in Phoenix.As for the Car Wash, they do an excellent job and our family has always been very impressed with their diligence which is the reason we keep coming back.  In the end, their cleaning is worthy of Five Stars.
1	So, my 100th Review is this crap hole.... Cobblestone Auto Spa. Kind of sad really... I was hoping to do a big gala review for something much more more worthwhile.Oh well.... here it goes....I have been a long time customer of this place until yesterday! I wish I could give NEGATIVE Stars!I pulled in mid morning on a Monday... and it must have said "DUMB ASS" on my forehead... 'cause barely had my car door open before the FIRST sleaze bag Window Repair Guy was pouncing. ALL I WANTED WAS FOR MY CAR TO BE WASHED! Nothing More, Nothing Less. I couldn't shake this leach! Finally he left.Then I had to deal with the "Service Writer Sleaze Bag".... to make a really long and sad experience shorter... I basically had to look this guy in the eyes and actually say "WHAT PART OF 'NO' DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND???" I had to start getting back in my car and attempt to leave before he gave me my ticket to checkout. On my way to the cashier.... from the shadows.... a Sleaze Bag Selling Monthly Wash Packages leached onto me... After a few awesome ninja moves.... I got rid of him. Then as I am next to pay my tab at the register... SECOND sleaze bag Window Repair Guy was pounced from outside... he literally RAN in the store to chase me down. I used my best Jedi Mind Trick to dissuade him. I thought I was in the clear... till the Sleazy Cash Register Guy tries to sell me additional packages I have ZERO interest in. IT WAS SINGLY ONE OF THE WORST "WASH" EXPERIENCES I HAVE EVER HAD... and I have had some bad ones. I guess I don't get it... I paid $12 to get my car washed... I figure its 10 cents of water (they recycle)... 10 cents in soap. 2 cents for the electricity to wash just my car.  And the labor to wipe it down. Plus the gas and convenience store items. Is business so god awful that they really need to alienate there customer base by using such super high pressure sales tactics. I ended up stopping at Home Depot across the street and bought a hose and some rags. Gonna do it myself next time.
1	I've amended my review to take out the manager's name since Jason D from Cobblestone so nicely commented that they don't have a manager named Rich.   I should also add that the guy told me he was a manager, I took a picture of him refunding my $20 on my cell phone to capture his nametag, and I have my original receipt and refund receipt from Cobblestone - this location.  I can provide pictures of those as well.  Indicative of the customer no-service ethic at this Cobblestone location.  ****************************************************I couldn't agree with other reviewers more about the strong arm tactics.  I simply wanted a car wash - that's it.  While I'm still in the car - would you like to sign up for our great value package deal?No I am not going to sign up for your package deal when I haven't ever been there before and I'm certainly not going to now!As I step out of the car - hey, we can treat your leather seats with a special condition for just $5.  My response?  No thanks, I don't have leather seats.  Obnoxious sales guy says yes, you do - all Mercedes do.  Um, no they don't.  The seats are Leatherette.  He says well, they still need a moisturizer so they don't dry out and crack in the AZ heat.  I again say, no thanks.  Well, would you like to upgrade your car wash today and save $x.  No, I wouldn't and walk towards the lobby.I wasn't quite fast enough because Sales Guy then says we're going to have to charge you $5 more because there's "excessive mud" on the undercarriage.  At this point, I've had it and say just give me my car, I'm leaving.  Sales Guy says no, no it's fine, we'll waive that fee this time as a courtesy.  Whatever.The car comes out - dirty, streaky, black substance all over the side panels.  I swear this car had NOT even been in the car wash.  I initially drive away but then get mad about my $20 so go back and ask for a manager.  While I'm waiting for him, one of the wipe down guys comes over and starts trying to clean it.  I tell him to stop.  The manager comes out and says it looks great.  Really?  Why did your guy just come over an try to wipe it down?  What is this black stuff on the sides?  Oh that's just the tire stuff.  I ask why it's on the side panel then instead of the tires.  Long story somewhat shorter- I point all the issues.  Manager says the car looks great and reminds me that they powerwashed the undercarriage for FREE!  I ask for my money back.  He says no, we can run it through again.  I ask for my money back.  He says, no call the corporate office (on a Sunday).  I ask for my money back much louder.  He says fine, goes to the register and gives me a $20 bill.  Their sales tactics are disgusting.  The manager was an arrogant, pushy 20-something with absolutely no customer service skills.  I will never, ever get my car non-washed here again.  I immediately drove to Danny's who did a nice job.
1	I wish this was a half star...I had a gift card for a detail so I HAD to go here.  Told the guy, no shiny stuff on the dash and don't forget to tell them about the third row...well that didn't happen.  I left my car there for 5 hours only to have to wait an additional 45 minutes to have the car finished - I found all that they forgot.  Come on people!  I am paying money to have a car detailed!  Do your job!  Don't make me wait when I am there to pick up my car after having it for that long!  The kicker was that they "gave" me a free wash for my time...no thank you!  WILL NOT GO BACK!
3	I get my car washed here regularly and they do a decent job. I have had mixed experience around the pushy sales tactics when you pull up, when it does happen, I get good practice in saying assertive " no's " . However, most of the times, the experience has been seamless. I dont get anything other than the basic wash done and I have no complaints. Now, the fact that the rare occurrence of rain in phoenix usually happens the day after i wash my car is a different story.....
1	After reading everyone's review about this car wash, i decided not to use this car was for my company vehicles.  I lease over 100 cars for my executives in Arizona.  I was looking in groupon for car good deals.  I ran into this car was and was initially interested.  But, after reviewing everyone's reviews, we decided this is not the place to do business with.  Thank you everyone.
1	I will keep this plain and simple. They washed my car, they damage my rim, they denied all responsibility, I took them to court.I won, they lost, and I received a judgement against them for more than $1100.They continued to refuse to pay me even after the judgement was entered,, nor would they still take any responsibility for their actions. They were always through out the entire ordeal condescending, very unprofessional, and rude to deal with. I finally had to send the sheriff down to their place of business to take the money owed to me by force by filing a writ of execution in court. Only then did I receive the money owed to me.This is the kind of company they are. This is the kind of company you will do business with if you use their services.  The moral of this story is simple.NEVER EVER, EVER TAKE YOUR CAR TO ANY COBBLESTONE AUTO SPA._____________________________________________________________In Reply to Cobblestones comment belowHow convenient, more than likely I am mixed in there with the many other law suites and judgements against your company, but I can assure you that this case has a very real case number and was adjudicated, and your company lost.
1	This place is the worst!  I've gone here twice now and both times left angry.  Yesterday,  I paid $3 extra to have them really wipe down and clean the inside.  When I drove off there was still mud and dust all over the dash boards and seats.  They are over prices, sleazy, slow, and do an awful job.  Save the money and go somewhere else!
4	I had my baby vomit in our van... time for an interior detail to get rid of the smell.  I read so many bad reviews of car washes I was hoping the stealer could do the job.  He recommended Cobblestone despite the bad reviews.  So I went there.   They told me it would take 1 1/2 hours for a regular outside wash and interior detail.   It ended up taking a little over 2 hours, and the job they did inside was fabulous!  And the outside looked a lot better than just a regular wash.   I wish I could've tipped more than I did but just didn't have the cash on me.  I will get my detailing done here from now on!
1	Ok this is the 3rd time now - Why do I go Back. - Today I just needed air in my Lexus RX330 & ended up doing a cheap car wash since there is rain in the fore cast. I am the only one that drives my car - Nobody drives it but me. Every time I go get it from the last part - I have to get rags & Re Wipe Everything - EVERYTHING. It really redicolous - They use to have AmaXYNG people that knew how to take care of your car - Last 3 times No Way. Literally you have to wipe the doors - etc .... they never put the floor covering back right . My bag was thrown around today & to know after I re wiped everything with their rag - I gave them a tip (I use tip Really Great like 5 to 10) no no more. I preceed to turn my car on & the key to my car was broken in half - the part of a key was stuck in my ignitions - Sean (a surpervisor) called another supervisore (who was Tyler) They both said it was like that.. Will come on I am not going to drive my car in like that. They are Nuts - so I need to really put energy out there now. I said a few F words to them - I don't swear - But today I did. To be it my husbad back in November had his brand little Kia Forte oil changed & the next day the Hose Blew up ... He had to be towed off the freeway - Just Saying What A Coinsendent ....???? I am DONE WITH THAT PLACE... Not being Rude ...But people get it together...They Simply Don't Care....:(
1	0 stars for the crap oil change job and 1 star for the low quality carwash. NEVER go here to get your oil changed. 1 week later I was back after paying $150 for the oil change and air filter change with leaking oil. Not just a few leaky drops out of my car but I am talking puddles of oil all over my driveway and oil trails when I drove anywhere. I give my car to him after 10 interrogating questions about what happened and wait. The guy comes back and proceeds to tell me I had a faulty seal (on a 2011 car) but they fixed it at no charge and gave me a brand new oil change. Plus another crap carwash all for free. Thanks, I appreciate it as I wasted more time for your mistake. Never go here. Jiffy Lube does a better job and for way cheaper. Wow.
1	We had the oil changed and car wash. I'm not impressed. The car wash was terrible.  We won't be back. Which is too bad because it's close by.
2	Bird crapped on me from rafters (not 100% their fault but didn't help the experience) hand wash took over an hour and a half and was below par quality wash. Not a good overall impression.
2	The price was way too high for an average car wash at $13 for the basic wash.
1	Took our 2007 Camry in for a complete wash and detail, inside and out, yesterday.  Got up, nice and early, only to have 3 hrs wasted and $ down the toilet.  I have been thinking of ways to say this, and the best way I found to describe my experience was this:  They washed and cleaned all the big parts, but left out the details....in the DETAIL!  Brake dust still built up on the wheels, smudges from the Armor All on the windows, streaks on the windows.  It just wasn't good.  When my girlfriend pointed out the issues, all she received was 2 free washes.  Really?  2 free washes so we can get sub-par service again?  After discussing things with the manager, he refunded half of our $.  Atleast we got what we paid for....half off for a half assed job.
1	AVOID THIS LOCATION AT ALL COSTS UNLESS YOU LIKE BEING DISRESPECTED AND TREATED LIKE COMPLETE GARBAGE BY THE G.M.My rating for this store is a -20 stars!I have been a customer of Cobblestone for 7 years now and I typically go to the one on the 51 & Bell. Needless to say that is the only location I will be going to after my awful experience at the FLW store. I am a fast-pass member and happened to be in the area of FLW & Hayden so I stopped by to get my car wash ( it was convenient at the time) The exterior wash  I signed up for includes air freshener squares. I had my window rolled down to ask about getting a specific scent. The man at the front of the wash completely ignored me and actually ended up spraying me with the hose they use to get the junk of the hood of your car. Needless to say I was completely unhappy. As i went through the wash I parked my car in order to let the guy dry it and went up to somebody asking about why i did not receive what I paid for. The guy I spoke to about this is supposedly the General Manager of that store named Shawn, and never in my life have I been treated with such blatant disrespect. He raised his voice and started arguing with me in front of his employees as well as other customers ( I was so embarrassed) that the wash I had did not come with the air freshener squares. I explained to him that when I signed up I was informed that my wash included the squares and every single time I get my car washed at Greenway or Bell I have always received exactly what I paid for. Shawn kept arguing with me basically calling me a liar and told me that the other locations only did it because I requested them or they were just being nice which I stated that they "were doing their job correctly." I also informed him that I have been to this location (being FLW) and received them there too. Shawn continued to argue with me over and over about something as simple as an air freshener which I find absolutely ridiculous. Never have I had somebody treat me so poorly let alone a General Manager (who is supposed to be setting an example and be a leader) After a few minutes another man came up and said he would be right back with the air freshener for me ( he could hear Shawn yelling and arguing with me over all the back ground noise which was a lot considering it was about 4:00 PM. and it was pretty busy) I proceeded to specifically thank the gentleman for taking care of that for me and the next thing I know Shawn says "Your Welcome" and tried taking all the credit for doing absolutely nothing and being a complete A**Hole. I let him know that clearly I was not speaking to him that he deserved no "Thank you" or anything from me, and the next thing I know he is calling me a B**ch under his breath. In response I asked him to speak up louder which of course he had nothing to say at that point. I have never had such an awful experience at anywhere I have been a customer to. The fact that Shawn is supposed to be the General Manager is completely absurd and I find hard to believe with his horrible attitude and lack of respect. I will never return to this location and I advise all of you not to as well. Shawn is the absolute worst manager of any kind that I have spoken to and I can not believe he still has a job here. To paint a clearer picture I went to the corporate location (51 & Bell) and began telling their manager about my experience and before I could even inform him of Shawn's name the manager at Bell already knew who I was talking about. The fact that I didn't even have to share his name just goes to show what a horrible reputation Shawn has not only at his store but at other locations as well. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE EVER!
1	Terrible customer service. High prices. Careless employees inside and out. I won't be back!
3	This review is for the Chevron gas at the Cobblestone, not the actual car wash. I did see plenty of folks fueling up their vehicles and getting car washes, but I did not need a car wash. It was after work and my car desperately needed some gas, so I pulled into here. Little did I know that this location uses your Safeway card/gas points and I was able to get $0.30 off per gallon. I had been wondering for ages where I could use my Safeway points and I'm glad I finally found a place! For that alone I am very excited! Ever since moving to the area, I'm at Safeway all the time accumulating gas points but didn't know where to redeem them. However, the first pump I pulled up to didn't work. (The electronic thingy was broken - pressing the buttons resulted in nothing.) I had to pull up to another pump and luckily that one worked. Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience but nothing super exciting.
1	I went once and they messed up the job I asked for.  I drive a pickup and when I got home I found 6 wash rags in the back of the truck.  They had only wiped down 3 wheels and missed many areas on the side.  Once, perhaps a bad day.  Went a second time (other place was closed), and what will be the last time.  I specifically wanted an area in the interior cleaned.  Big promises, but the way to handle it was to put something over it so it could not be seen.  Did not get the bugs off the mirrors, forgot to wipe down the wheels, did not do the inside of the glass, only part of the interior vacuumed and put in a fragrance when I had asked that none be applied.  All in all, never again.
2	I go to this place because of the proximity.  They do a half decent job cleaning my SUV, but I've finally decided NO MORE!  I don't find the staff friendly or respectful.  From the moment you drive up to when you pay, all you get is UPSELL, UPSELL, UPSELL!.  They don't take no for an answer, so I just walk away.  Just generally a bad experience.
3	Time for a review update.  I have to drop this place down 1 Star.  Why?  Because over the past few years I've visited this place it's been really inconvenient to get a car wash and gas.  The place is always super busy because it's located near a busy intersection.  That means that the lanes are crowded and the lines can get long for the car wash.  They do a good job cleaning your car, but it's not worth the hassle when there are other car washes in the area that are more conveniently located.Return Factor - 30%
2	So I am only giving them 2 stars because every single time I come here they try to up sell you on everything! Yes they do a good job washing the car and their prices are decent for Scottsdale. But the hassle that you have to go through just to get a basic wash, no I don't want to detail my car, no I don't care about that chip you say is in my window that is barely noticeable, no I don't want to condition my leather seats, I came here for a basic car wash and that's all I want. Not to mention the guys make you feel like a total bi*** for not buying the extras. I will probably stop coming here and just wash my car on my own because of the giant hassle it has become.
2	First time visit to Cobblestone in Scottsdale, though I have been to the one off Signal Butte in Mesa (near highway 60).In short, and after spending close to $38 for the Ultimate Plus and leather treatment of my seats, it is easy for me to conclude that I would rather take my BMW 535i to a Full Circle Car Wash or a Francis and Son's car wash for one simple reason:1. Much less cost for a more effective wash, dry and detailing.  I spend less then $20 for better work at the other two (2) locations.
1	I just had the absolute worst experience in a car wash in my life, I am 47 and that is saying a lot.  After being presured into prepaying for a full detail (my 1st mistake) I was assured it would be the best detail I could ever ask for.  My seats had some marks on it and he said they could clean them perfectly.  I dropped my car off at 10:00 on a Sunday (my only day off).  I came back to pick up the car and it did not even look like it was washed.  There was dirt and grime on every panel of the car and the seats were not touched and there was still dog hair and dirt on the inside.  The car did not even feel like it was waxed, especially considering all the dirt on the cars exterior.  The Car Wash Manager Tyler got involve and it continued to be the worst detail I had ever had.  He then gave me 2 $5.00 car wash tickets to make up for wasting a good deal of my Sunday.  I told him we would never return and we will tell everyone that we can that they should never use the poor excuse of a car wash.
2	I got a freebie coupon in the mail so it's hard to complain but I fell for the upgrade so I still paid $10.  Their attention to detail was poor.  They left nail clippings on my carpet.  It wouldn't take anything to have vacuumed them.  The window was left smeared.  They left black brake dust on all my rims.  The strawberry air freshener smelled like chemicals barely a hint of strawberry.  Just a minimal effort could have solved these issues.  There are much better auto spas in Scottsdale.
1	Purchased $12.99 car wash, inside was filthy going in and worse when I got it after the wash. There was more dust inside and the outside was just as bad. First when I arrived the sales guy was mad that I purchased only a $12.99 wash and kept pushing and pushing for me to do upgrades. Said for $3 more I could get tires done, I said no, another $2 upgrade and you get something else and so on. I was ready to give him $5 to leave me alone. I asked the guy working at the end if he could take a sticker off and he said no.  I looked confused and he said if you get it detailed for $150 or so he would take it off.  I took it home, spent 3 minutes putting goo gone and it removed it.  I ended up bringing the car home and rewashing it by hand, including the inside.  I will never be taking my car to this wash again and should have believed all the previous responses by Yelp which were so true.
1	Can I just get a car wash without being hassled?  I mean WTF?  I having been coming here for years, had cars detailed here etc..but what the hell has happened?  I roll up on a late Sunday morning in need of a simple wash...I didn't need anything over the top, but a wash please.  So, this young gentleman comes up kissing my a** & I tell him I would just like the ultimate.  That's when I suddenly felt like I was on the beach in Rocky Point being hounded to buy chicklets!!!  $2 for this $5 for that...I was very patient saying no thank you over and over and he was relentless.  Finally I told this nimrod look, next time I bury a body in the desert I'll take you up on this spit shine bullsh** but for now I'll just go with the ultimate.  To add insult to injury, when I go in to pay, they charge me $26.99 for the ultimate & an extra $1.00 for 3 row vehicle.  GFY cobblestone...you just lost me.  I think I'd rather go risk the "raid" down the street.
2	Went through the car wash and asked the guy to take care of a one detail (behind the rearview glass) and he declined to do so. Note that I was also standing there asking him with a "tip" in hand. I can now see why this place has a plethora or 1 or 2 stars.
1	Cobblestone Auto Spa is like going to a car dealership and having the car dealers rip you off on some sales pitch saying, "you need yours transmission flush, new air filters, etc..,and all you were wanting to begin with was an oil change. Bad service with this place, they left my coolant lid off. By the time I drove home, all of the coolant liquid was gone, had to buy new coolant liquid and refill it myself. Ladies beware, before trying this place make sure you're knowledgeable about car maintenance those mechanics will try to sell you an overprice deal, not worth it!
4	I needed an oil change and had a $20 coupon from the Entertainment book. For an express oil change, I went on my lunch break since this is close to work. There was no once ahead of me, so they started my car very quickly. I added a $5 car wash and was in and out under an hour with the car wash. The oil change guys were very friendly. I was pretty annoyed at being tracked down by the windshield guy trying to sell me a windshield replace. Even after I said no, he said would it make a difference if I told you this was paying for my college? WTF? Don't beg, dude. Besides that, I was very happy with the experience. My car looked blingin after those guys cleaned it up inside and out. Good deal.
4	I went here after giving Danny's way too many second chances. Overall positive experience. Kinda wish that they explained their membership a bit more. I saw the sign and asked the cashier that had zero interest in letting me know about it. Sad cause it might have been something that I was interested in.
5	Brought my Honda Civic for a FULL detail (8hours+) and it was so amazing! Later that day I then brought back my Mercedes ML320 and just got a car wash and a mini detail (it wasn't needing as much love that day lol) and it was perfect! I couldn't ask for a better job and they did it quickly (for my Mercedes) I took advantage of their waiting area with free wifi and access to snacks and drinks! It was great, I was able to sit and complete my work while they were doing a mini detail! Very happy with this place and will be going back! Thank you!
4	Great car wash! Great deals on gas when you purchase a car wash at the pump. Super friendly staff who always take care of you. Washes are fabulous but a little expensive when they up sell you add ons!
1	Absolute worst. Paid for supreme wash of my two year old Mercedes (inside and out cleaning, not detail). The inside of my car was literally flooded. One of the door wells was swimming with two inches of fluid. The inside was drenched. What they could have wiped down was dusty and never touched. Takes forever and is an absolute zoo. The manger addressed it quickly, but the workers had to be blind to miss the flood in my car before they passed it off to me. Shocked and disgusted!
3	Too crowded for a lunch time errand. Sub-par interior cleaning jobs. Classic car  on Scottsdale Rd is much better for not much more... Headed there next time.
1	Disgusted. TAKE EVERYTHING OUT OF YOUR CAR IF YOU GET YOUR CAR WASHED HERE. Left a ring in the ash tray of my car where i usually leave it while working out/hiking, with the cover closed ( yes, a mistake from the start ) STOLEN. Dumb enough to go back two weeks later to use the coupon booklet that i had purchased, this time all the silver change was stolen out of the ash tray and the pennies were left behind. Absolutely terrible.
5	Cobblestone is a great place to get your car washed. They offer the fast pass so you can get your car washed as many times as you want per month- which is a nice option in the dusty state of arizona. While youre waiting for your car to be done they have like 5 tvs you can watch and free popcorn. They always do a good job and I recommend this place to anyone that needs a car wash with little time
1	Went here a few months ago and was highly disappointed, but since the other car washes in the area didn't seem much better I have it a second chance. When I pulled up I was ignored as other cars who pulled in after me were helped. I'm not sure one employee smiled the entire time I was there and the car wash was done very poorly. Will never go back again. This place makes Danny's and Francis & Sons look way better and there car washed now seem to be high quality compared got Cobblestone. I don't think I will ever even get gas here again.
1	This place will not allow employees to take a lunch or even 15 min breaks, even on an 8 hour shift! I've never heard of a business that doesn't allow 15 min breaks!!! I will NEVER support a business that doesn't know how to treat employees fairly and with respect, and who cannot seem to hire competent management. Managers wonder why they can't keep employees longer than one week.
1	This is a warning.  Stay away from these people!  While the workers themselves do their jobs admirably, the managers and company are adept at ripping you off.  "Sign up for a detailing and you get two free car washes." Except that one of those "free" car washes is used up by the detailing!  And heaven help you if you want a refund!  two months later we're still trying despite having filled out all the paperwork - twice!  Consider yourself warned!
4	They used to have high pressure sales that is. Jo longer the case here .. It's peaceful friendly and kick back
4	Love getting my car washed here. They are fast (for how crowded it usually is) and my car looks great. Basic washes are reasonably priced so I should definitely come more often! The car wash sales guys use way too much pressure to up-sell. I told you what I want, just give me that! They got me on a detailing package once (after working through 3 higher level packages I told him were not in my budget and he just kept going). The detailing did seem like a good deal and I didn't want it just then, but I was able to save it to use another time. When I finally did go back to use it, they quoted I think four hours and it was actually a little under! The only issue there was the car looked incredible, but the glass over my odometer was dirty and spotty...from the other reviews it sounds like they need to notice those little details! My good review is mostly because of my last experience. I went in over the weekend to get my oil changed with a coupon I had received in the mail, $25 and it includes a wash...perfect! On a Saturday morning, I was able to get right in and the tech was very helpful. They checked over everything to make their "recommendations" while I was still in the car filling out paperwork. I'm so over the Jiffy Lubes who make it sound like my car is about to fall apart and tell me I need every add-on imaginable and knowing Cobblestone already kind of upsells, I was expecting it, but he was very honest telling me everything looked good (even the air filter, it's always the air filter), which is awesome considering it had been nine months since my last change and I'd just rolled past 100k miles. He did suggest a transmission flush, which is not a cheap service when I'm just expecting a discounted oil change and wash, but there was no pressure to do it, he just marked it down as a recommendation (and I went home and had the boyfriend check it and tell me it's good for a while longer). The tech pointed out that my coupon was actually expired but that they may still take it. I mentioned it to the cashier and he did accept it and my car was back out from the wash very quickly. I'm quite happy with the service.
1	They've lost me as a customer after the experience yesterday. Absolutely rude and discourteous service, as I was sitting there waiting for my car to be brought round I noticed the young man driving it up SPEEDING! It is NOT Okay to drive another persons car in that fashion especially with other people and employees around that could get hurt! Then, to make matters worse as I stepped into my car, he said "Oh, you're mad." Who talks to a customer like that?! Of course I'm mad, your treating MY car like a disrespectful toy. I came to get a car wash and instead I got taken advantage of by having my car used as a race car.
2	My experience at this Cobblestone location was so lame as they never even wiped off the roof of the car, leaving a very obvious bird poop stain at least six inches long. This was not a large SUV where one has to use a footstep to see the top either, but a low-profile sports car.
1	People will likely keep coming here because of the location but that doesn't mean you have to.  I think we would all agree this is consistently the worst service ever experienced at any type business. Im surprised that people are shocked. It's clearly a corporate culture to try to be arrogant and pushy toward the customers.  They are acting like this on purpose. It would be too much of a coincidence that they hired the 20biggest jerks in AZ. They have trained these people to make your life horrible.  The waiting area is high comedy as everyone is milling around commenting on how much they hate Cobblestone. Obviously just go any place else and you'll have a better experience. It would be impossible for it to be worse.  I bet their complaint department is just one giant paper shredder.
2	BUYER BEWARE: I have been coming here for a very long time and today's review pains me to share. I selected the pay at car wash option and got the works for $19.95. Upon entering the wash tunnel, I was greeter by a nice guy who proceeded to attempt to upsell me on several things, which is cool. When I paid, all was cool inside. I especially love the free bag of popcorn with a wash!My big complaint comes from the piss poor job of a wash I received. The lack of attention to detail is apparent. The dirty floor and back seats shows me that the car was barely vacuumed. The filthy inside windshield shows me that they would rather replace the windshield then actually wash it. They left the front of the car dirty with an abundance of dead bugs. The turn signals showed the layers of dead bugs. The supervisor was put off when I asked I they were going to actually clean it off. I've bought books of multiple washes for years and I'm seriously thinking of either going to Danny's or Tom's Thumb from now on. I HAD MY WINDSHIELD REPLACED HERE A FEW MONTHS AGO AND THEY INSTALLED A SCRATCHED WINDSHIELD AND LEFT THE INSULATION HANGING OUT!!!  Piss poor work in my non-expert opinion!!!
3	There are some major pros and cons about this location. So, I think it may be easiest to cover them bullet style.Pros:- Clean seating area, both inside and out- TVs to help pass the time while you wait for a wash- Easy and convenient access to both the gas station and car wash portions- Friendly service - Interesting products inside to look through while waiting- Car was cleaned well on outside- Gas station prices are comparable to the areaCons:- Extremely high pressure sales (be sure you know what you want BEFORE you go, and stick to it, if you want to stay in a certain price point)- Promised that it wouldn't take longer than the break we were on to finish the "extras" that were purchased, but went 20 minutes over promised time- Gave coupons for going over the time, coupons were expired- Car wasn't really well cleaned on insideOverall: C+Be ready to have options sold to you in a high-pressure environment and know how to say "no" if you don't want to spend more than you planned. The exterior car wash option is great, but skip the inside option since it's not so great.
2	Been here twice before and the first time was okay... the second time was way better, but this time it was not good. I purchased the Ultimate Package and when my car was complete, it till had bugs on the front and there was still dirt spots on my windows. On the inside, still dirt spots on the driver door and the passenger side door behind the driver.Funny thing is... as I was getting ready to drive off, one of the managers stopped me and asked me to hold on while they cleaned my rims. I got out and looked at the car and there were still bugs everywhere, like no one each tried to touch the front of the car. I didn't throw a fit or a tantrum or anything... I just wont be going back.
3	Staff is nice. ambiance and waiting area pleasant, you can have a little snack, drink, popcorn (free) while you wait.The inside work in the monthly subscription is very basic, vacuum and dusting (dry), to have your car shining you have to pay $15 extra.The vacuuming job is usually not well done, I had to ask it to be redone, so from now on, I will mention when i drop my car that they will have to do it again if they don't do it right the first time.
1	First and Last time we will visit this car wash. This is why:-With the Works ($19.99) you receive many things including clean windows. Unfortunately, our windshield still had dead bugs all over it. Really?!?!?!?! The top of the windshield was filthy. How does that happen?-Vacuuming was sub-par.-Soft Cloth Wash is useless if the car isn't actually all cleaned. There are many spots that I will have to clean again. -Dust Dash and Console... what a joke! There was more dust let from the towels they used.Annoyed that I paid for a useless car wash. Even more annoyed that I tipped 25% before actually looking at the horrendous job that was done.
1	NOT RECOMMENDED: this review is for the windshield  glass replacement company only!I am losing count as to how many times I've had to come back to get my windshield mirror remounted. They replaced my windshield glass and did a poor job mounting a defective windshield (enormous scratch through the center of the 3rd visor) and left insulation bulging out the passenger side. Upon replacing the defective glass, my rear view mirror fell off days later. I've stopped in no less than 6 times and they have not fixed anything nor do they have a resolution to solve this problem. I was promised a phone call back from Jason Williams. He never called???  I've stopped in now again and they still don't have a solution. Charles the service tech is the only one willing to help. The company has "lost" my paperwork and Jason refuses to get on the phone again this morning.   They are fast to take your money or charge insurance for a replacement but pitifully slow to correct their shoddy work. The service rep that spoke with me Saturday came from the bathroom and his reason for not assisting me...  What for it: he ate something that upset his stomach? I cannot make this up!Apparently today, they miraculously have a solution... A repair kit?!?!  Who knew such mystical beasts existed. I think they had it hidden with their unicorn. I've only asked them to repair their work!!!Do yourself a favor and drive past Cobblestone's windshield partner  and go somewhere that doesn't leave the burden on their customers.UPDATE: Jason Williams just left me a voicemail stating that they cannot locate my paperwork so I must have used a different company!  Do yourself a huge favor and allow your insurance company to resolve.UPDATE PART II: I finally got my mirror reattached. The car wash manager found a mirror glue kit and had the service tech glue the mirror on. The entire labor was faster than watching Charles the local onsite sales guy beg his manager over the phone to make this right. FYI - Charles rocks!
2	All the car wash in Scottsdale sane charge you a lot for very little " tried to help you" by selling detail bullshit. For f..ing 20.00 it should be a good job
2	I bought a groupon to try this place out.  I'm not impressed with the wait as I was told half hour and it's been over an hour.  And there were upcharges.  Surprise.....so my 35 dollar oil change and car wash turned into an extra 32 dollars.  Won't be back.  The help was nice but still not returning.
1	took 2 hours to peel 3 patches of clear coat off my the front bumper of my 2013 vehicle.  Thats going to cost me a grand easy.  Of course they denied they did it and refused to pay for repairs.  Avoid this place like the plague.
1	I am extremely disappointed! I was surprised at how fast they were done and after doing a quick walk around my car I pointed out numerous areas missed. It was as if he never wiped down the outside! It was so ridiculous and I was so aggravated that I said "Whatever, forget it" then tipped the bare minimum and left. I will not go back.
1	Bad bad experience... Got sold on a hand car wash to clean the mud from underneath. Came out with mud still caked on... And... They lost my antenna.. Why would you need to take the antenna off if you were going to hand wash it!!??? Save your obey.. Go the 5$ wash.
