4	Nice place.Very good middle eastern food at a cheap price.  Tasty, good portions for the price.  The hummus was excellent.  Ranks up with some of the best I've had.  On the down side, even though this is a "fast food" joint, the place should have some AC.  It was balmy the day we went and it didn't matter if you were inside or out, it was balmy.  Maybe they were going for the authentic middle eastern atmosphere?  Also, what's up with Montreal and their aversion to credit cards?  This place didn't take it and neither did a lot of eateries.  It was annoying!!! Nonetheless, a nice eatery in a pinch.  You know it's decent when a couple of lady "professionals" came in and ordered a whole bunch of stuff to go.  Even they need to eat.
3	Good Middle eastern place located all over Montreal. The prices are good and you get a lot with your meal. Here you will get your typical shawerma and kebab with a side salad and hummus. If I'm not mistaken most of the Amir's in Montreal are open 24hours.
4	I think this is the Amir off of Cresent St. We hit it up after bar hoping, and were all suprised with the food. We got the Farlafa's (chicken, lamb, and chick pea), they were all delicious and super cheap. Great eats for close to nothing.
4	This is one of the best places for Middle Eastern food, at least in Montreal, they are a chain. Good shawarma sandwiches, falafel, hummus, tabbouleh...good for a quick lunch or a tasty snack and reasonably priced.
4	Good Middle Eastern food that's open late late (I'm not sure, but they could be open 24 hours). Naturally a good place to stop for food after the bars and clubs. We were here at 4am last time. Food came quick and was cheap, as well as hot and tasty! Several locations around the city and there's one right across from Gouverneur Hotel where we usually stay.
4	I have tried and tried to find a Chicken Shawarma that is as good as Amir's but haven't yet.  The garlic potatoes also rock!!!  It is sad because I don't live in Montreal and only get to enjoy this little piece of heaven periodically.  ;-(  Please, please open a store in Las Vegas!!!
1	Worst Shawarma I've ever had. I thought it was nearly impossible to find bad Shawarma but this was old meat that tasted like it was aged after they shot the animal it was made from by leaving the carcass on the floor for a week. The spiced potatoes had flavor but were undercooked and the price wasn't that great either. I will avoid this place like the plague from now on.
3	The shawarma was tasty. Better than the ones I eat in Toronto. Although their shawarma was smaller in size, and I don't know if that was because we were in Montreal and that's the average size there or if it was because it was actually small. Nonetheless the place needs renovating, everything was dirty here. Very dirty place but we ate here late night around 1am.
2	I don't know what possessed me to come in here as I don't usually like or eat Middle-Eastern food but the next option at 10:30 at night was McDonalds. Lamb was burnt, the place is seriously overpriced. I don't know what the one reviewer here saying that it is cheap is talking about..I looked and it seems that their only options are for dishes above ten dollars..
2	By far the friendliest shawarma shop we encountered during our stay, but unfortunately the food was the worst. The chicken was dry to the point of feeling like sawdust in my mouth, and the fact that the wrap on the whole was totally under-sauced and under-seasoned didn't help much.I took about 4 bites, had trouble swallowing, and threw it out.They get a point for their awesome, welcoming, funny staff...just please improve on the food.
2	They do not accept credit cards without a chip.  They send you to an ATM.
1	By far the worst beef shawarma I've ever had! I'm a big fan of shawarma, but this was just horrible! The beef was very mushy and had that strong lamb taste to it. I ate the shawarma yesterday and  literally get nauseous thinking about it even now. I love shawarmas but won't be eating it for a while because of this one. It was approximately $7 for the shawarma in pita. The only reason it even got a star was because yelp wouldn't let me post my review without at least one star
