3	There are a couple of things on their menu that are different and pretty good... Chicken sandwiches are ok, and I like the deep fried zucchini too. Its fast food, don't eat it often or you'll die an early death, but this place is pretty good once in a while.
3	Dropped in for a quick lunch and ordered:Western Bacon Cheeseburger, $3.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LAXd3Y4XSy4X9iaHFwqK_A?select=jE_Cs6tAJEiUedHL5p1SfgFamous Star w/Cheese, $3.29http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LAXd3Y4XSy4X9iaHFwqK_A?select=Je41gsFEPBMC6ar0bi2uNgIs it gourmet? NoIs it high quality? NoIt's fast food and the order was correct....tummy full, mission accomplished.Return Factor - 60%
4	Go here quite often on the weekends to catch up on my reading early in the morning. This place gets it. They have wi-fi, it's always clean and the employees are friendly and get your order right. I usually order the french toast which is excellent. Also, their large sodas are a buck plus tax. I wish the other fast food places would copy and paste the $1 Large Sodas to their menu. I sometimes stop by in the evening for a $1.49 oreo ice cream sandwich. It's not the greatest but gets the job done.
5	This place is clean, the food is fresh, and the employees are friendly.  I expect less from a place where I can get a full breakfast for under $5.  Bravo!
3	Carl's Junior is one of those good fast food places you don't find east of the Mississippi.One of the surprises with moving to the Valley, was discovering Carl's, Jr.  As with most fast food places, I rarely give higher than three star, because... well...  they're fast food, not Three Star Michelin cuisine.   But Carl's Jr might be the exception to my rule.  I would offer they are at least  three and half stars on most occasions we've dinned here.  We would recommend any of the burgers, but also the Chicken Strips.  They are flavorful and as good as any we've had, including the Colonel's and Popeye's.  We would also recommend the Malts and Shakes.  They use real milk and make it fresh before your eyes.  Nice!  Also, be on the lookout for coupons in your Sunday paper.  Most times there's buy one, get one free.Enjoy!
2	When I was a kid the Western Bacon was one of my favorite burgers. Forget about Whoppers and Big Macs because I was all down for putting a fried onion ring and BBQ sauce on my burgers.  Fast forward to today; I honestly don't think this is the best fast food sandwich anymore. I think everything has changed about it. Well basically it seems like Carl's Jr has changed all of their vendors and quality of products. Ingredients are still the same, it just tastes different. Carl's Jr. buns are now kind of waxy, their burgers don't taste that good, and the bacon is just chewy fat strips. I just hate these sandwiches now. I won't be eating one again or at least not for awhile.  p.s. I had to order their onion rings because they changed up their fries. I'm sorry but I loved their French fries, but their new ones are the worst. These onion rings suck too!
3	It's been a while since I've eaten at this location.  Was in the area for a quick lunch and decided to get:Western Bacon Cheeseburger, $3.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/carls-jr-7628-scottsdale?select=1RONucdG2fUzaUSkPblGyw#1RONucdG2fUzaUSkPblGywBig Carl, $3.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/carls-jr-7628-scottsdale?select=vRfvthRQhtZoM-XXpUqokQ#vRfvthRQhtZoM-XXpUqokQThe Big Carl has become one of my favorite Burgers at Carl's Jr.  The Western Bacon Cheeseburger is an old fav of mine....and is just OK.This particular location does a good job of making a decent fast food meal.  It's also a very clean restaurant and the employees are friendly.Return Factor - 60%
5	Yep...another 5 star---not for the food but, for the staff. What t team!Go in at lunch and become a "Friend"---you will know it when it happens~
1	Seems like every time i come here lately, a side order of bad attitude that i didn't order, is served up!  Won't be coming back after the particularly snotty attitude I got from a Ms. Elizabeth tonight though. What a shame, the sweet potato fries were actually decent here...
