4	We walked by this place in Mandalay Bay in the evening on our way to dinner and forgot to stop back by after dinner so just before we checked out on our way to yet another adventure we stopped by this cute little store.I was on the hunt for a feather boa for our latest event and saw a few in the window the previous evening.  At around 10:30am we entered the store and looked around the two shop attendants were eager to help.  Since I had a hot pink boa which I love, I opted to pick up a bright red one.  It will offset my black evening dress.  The shop also boasted a great costume jewelry line as well as various types of lingerie.  There was also an area the YS found that had some unmentionables that you need batteries for.  All in all a fun shop, not exactly a clothing shop but a shop to find fun accessories for your outfits or well, I'll let you fill that in.I would stop back again to check it out as my money goes further in here than it does in the neighboring slot machines.
4	I was really pleased to find this store.  The staff was professional and friendly. This was the perfect place to buy a bauble for my mom. The store has a hip design. I just had a nice time here.
5	This store is awesome. Everything here sparkles, from cell phone cases to purses to lingerie. I always stop here when I am in Las Vegas. The staff is very kind and not overly pushy about their merchandise.
3	Women's accessories store- quite a bit of variety from blinged-out costume jewelry you'd wear to a club to more understated silver pieces that work for work wear and more reserved styles. Surprised to find a few pairs of earrings that I liked, despite the drastically different displays on hand- some far more expensive than others.Don't forget to check out the small lingerie selection and tech accessories.
3	T H O U G H T S: Like a Claire's Boutique meets an erotic shop. Sparkling hair clips, headbands, costume jewelry, purses, bags, bras, trinkets, watches, lingerie, bejeweled purses, plus erotic accoutrements for the adventurous ones in Las Vegas. This store is what Las Vegas feels like. As sparkly as the city itself. Tons of 'fake' wedding rings for the nuptials on the fly! P R O - T I P: Save your receipt! The bottom half is a receipt to Bella Scarpa for $10 off.
