2	i think this is one of those neighborhood haunts that is only appealing if you actually live in the neighborhood. i know. i have one of these places right around the corner from my house.the decor was nice enough, if not a little dated. and the staff was okay, if not a little inexperienced. but the food quality wasn't good for the price. the kids meals are a horrible value, unless you like paying $4.39 for a handful of fries and five banquet brand chicken nuggets.it's the kind of place that should serve breakfast all day but doesn't. they wouldn't allow up to use the entertainment book coupon on a holiday, which made the meal insanely overpriced. i dined with three other adults, and we all agreed that we would never go there again.
1	Oh man where do I begin about his place. First off I received a coupon by mail and noticed how appealing the picture of the breakfast food looks on this coupon so it got my attention. That weekend I decided to go check it out. Pulling up the building looks old and when we went inside it was no different. The decor/people who ate and work there looks like something you would find along a middle of no where truck stop. When I entered the place it had a old musky smell. I tried to not let that bother me because I was there really wanting to try the appealing food that was shown on the coupon. The waitress right away sat us at our table, asked us for our drink order but literally took for ever for that women to give us our drinks and really couldn't understand why since there was hardly anyone there and there was a few ladies working. When we finally ordered and got our food I was really disappointed. The picture and the food they served us did not look alike. So I tried to enjoy it but the food had a funny taste to it so I ate half of my plate. I was still hungry so I ate my daughters leftover pancakes she didn't eat. That was good. I mean how wrong can you go with making pancakes. I was taking a bite and I noticed a hair cooked in the pancake from that point I got up and paid for my meal. I was so disgusted from that place I had to leave quickly. After we left I was so grossed out I had to wash my hand because my hands smelled like that place and I would gross out. I will never eat there again and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	The best chicken and dumplings anywhere - absolutely anywhere!!  Friendly service - a place where you come back to for the people and the food.
2	Why I even bothered to return to this mess hall for breakfast is beyond me.  First of all, I take back about what I said about their breakfast.  I ordered the country breakfast, two eggs, two sausages, 2 pieces of bacon and two pancakes.  The pancakes were horrid, they were so hard you can play baseball with them.  Needless to say, the help has turned into an I don't know what.  One of the waitresses apparently just gave birth, good, I am happy for her.  So the owner is waiting on tables.  Without warning, she approaches our table all giggly and laughing, "Sara just had her baby."  Then she goes from table to table, "Sara just had her baby, it's a girl, c-section."  Oh please.  First of all, I did not ask about a baby or someone's pregnancy or child birth.  I came to your diner to eat not to hear about some woman's labor and delivery experience.  Diner beware, the owner is nuts.  Most people do not want to hear about childbirth over a meal.
5	Breakfast isn't overly prestigious but tastey and its a bargin.. The pancakes are delicious and pretty much everything I ordered was amazing. . The servers are wonderful and warm, it looks like the place is full of lifetime patrons, which makes sitting down for a meal that much more comfortable. Having dined for both breakfast and dinner i would say hands down breakfast is the attention grabber. . Try breakfast first if your in the area...
2	Have been to this restaurant many times before, so when a freind recommended meeting here for breakfast today . . . I said great.  Not really sure what has happened . . . but this place has really gone down hill.Service was a little slow . . . definitely could use more than three servers with a almost full restaurant.Food took a little longer than I remembered . . . and when it arrived . . . it was missing a pancake . . . which my server told me would be coming, since they only made two and not three.  This was probably the only really good thing about the meal . . . becasue by the time the missing pancake arrive . . . I had finished the other, and it was nice to have a hot one.Definitely not my first choice . . . but would return . . . if not in a hurry . . .
5	This place is a diner, and if you're expecting anything else you'll be disappointed.  But for a diner the food is fantastic!  I had the eggs and bacon with an english muffin. I ordered my eggs over very easy and they came out perfect.  The bacon was thick cut deliciousness.  My dad's girlfriend had the french toast and it looked amazing.  My dad had pancakes and let me try a bite - fluffy wonderfulness, in my opinion.  The orange juice is from concentrate, but again...it's a diner.  Please expect a diner and review as such.  Oh yeah....the price is right too.  About $25 for breakfast for three!
2	I ordered a BLT on rye.  When it arrived it even looked unappetizing.  I sent it back and the replacement was not much better.  This time the bacon was only overlooked and dry, instead of actually burned.  The bread wasn't replaced, and was dried out.  The 2 slim slices of tomato were, well,ugly.I understand their ad for new cooks and wish them well.  The services was also ho-hum.
3	We used to receive several buy one get one free coupons with purchase of two beverages, but now they are just buy 1 get 1 half with two beverages. Their breakfast is tasty, but without the coupon a little pricey. We used our coupon for dinner once, but it was still way too expensive, and the food was just mediocre. The service was ok, but very dusty, and outdated decor. Has lots of potential though. Not sure if we will be back.
4	The little mesa hasn't let us down for breakfast. It is a family owned an operated place. The coffee has always been good.  Service has always been cheerfull and attentive. If you expectcanned smiles and fake. Take your self important attitude to the trendy places.come here for solid breakfasts from a family that is consistently on target with a welcome and a hot meal. As a tip.. always ask for blueberries on your pancakes it is worth the upcharge.
4	Went here for lunch because we had a coupon from the entertainment book.. They are very accommodating when you have allergies... The navy bean soup was very good, along with the club sandwich which was big and had lots of bacon.  They even have hot green tea and honey...due to my allergies I had the pancakes which were better than butters and butterfields in scottsdale....they do not use butter only margarine and they use soybean oil which is terrible for you.  They do crack all their own eggs rather than using a mix, but lots of canned foods and not healthy ingredients.  they make their own pies and will go back just for the pie...the prices are very good and inexpensive - coffee, tea and drinks are less than $2.00 and a full stack of very delicious pancakes are only $4.99....the place is outdated stuck in the 1970's...the waitress is very nice and the owner is a veteran....nice inexpensive place to grab a good bite to eat at a very reasonable price plus on Saturdays from 3-8 all entrees are buy one get one free..
3	Came here for lunch the food isn't bad, service is ok. Last time we went was a better trip, dunno if we will come back again. If your gonna eat here better to have a coupon just to try the place out paying less than you would have by just stopping by.
5	Love this place brings me back to my childhood in the 80's. Love the food, customer service and the price.
2	I'm very sorry to have to give this restaurant only two stars because I'm a long time customer and notice that this restaurant has gone seriously down hill. First off, the decor is so old and the dining room is so dirty and worn that it really makes me wonder what the kitchen looks like. The carpet looks like it hasn't been cleaned in 20 years. Ends of booths are completely off and the wood exposed and the booths are in disrepair. Nothing's been dusted in probably the same 20 years.That said....the food. I used to LOVE the food here, they used to have the BEST chicken and dumplings, home made soups and great fish fry.The last few times I was there the food was terribly over salted and when I pointed this out several times (on different occasions) to the owner, she shrugged it off and said "oh, they must have used too much base" and she didn't offer to replace the order or take it off the bill or do anything about it. This has happened several times, with soups and gravies both. I was with several others and none of us could eat some of the food because it was so over salted, particularly the clam chowder (which we used to love) and the turkey gravy and chicken gravy.The fish fry used to be the best in town but the last two times I was there, the fish was undercooked and made me queasy just to eat it. I will say that the home made pies are the BEST I've had here in Arizona but usually by the time you get there they're out of almost everything. The rest of the food is standard diner fare, but just a notch above Denny's (which isn't saying much at all).The side salad is some lettuce in a bowl (usually chipped) and the plastic drink glasses are so old and worn that it's scary.All that said...I will say that the servers are very nice, albeit slow sometimes. You have to know what section to sit in to get good service from the only one quick server they have who's really on the ball.I'm really sorry to say that I think the owners have stopped caring and putting the love into this restaurant that made it so popular originally. It's really sad because they're good people and I'd love to continue to support this small, local Mom & Pop business instead of a chain restaurant, but unless they clean this place up and raise their food quality standards some, I probably won't be going back.
5	I came here for breakfast/brunch and it was delicious! I had biscuits and gravy with a side of home fries and a cup of hot chocolate. The biscuits and gravy were better than other places I have been to. The biscuits were cooked and not moist or floury. The gravy was also scrumptious not too many spices just good. It had bit of sausage and was great!The home fries were pieces of sliced potatoes and not greasy at all. They were excellent. The hot chocolate was also delicious. Sweet and creamy. Overall it was good!! No complaints here!
4	This is an old style cafe. The food is really good, as well as the prices. The ambience is that of grandma's! It's very friendly and cozy.
4	This is the place you wanted to find the last time you did a road trip theouh Iowa or Kansas. Just plain good home cooking. A simple decor, friendly waitresses, and a good cup of joe when you need it. Prices are reasonable and the parking is plentiful. By the way they offer some cute gift item; yeah, very reminiscent of the Midwest.
2	Stopped in for lunch & it will be the last time.  The food was very mediocre and  unattractive.  My husband had a hot roast beef sandwich & it was very bland. My salad was a little better.
