1	I have yet to have a positive experience here and will be looking for a new doctor now. I've never been able to call and get a straight answer or the right person ever. If it is anything beyond scheduling an appointment, i.e. a simple question such as "since you can't get me in to see any doctor within the next week, can I get an extension on my prescription until I can see the doctor?" you get set into a phone maze, sent to person after person who tell you the exact same thing, "let me transfer you to someone who can help/the office" and then you are back to someone else that can't help you. I have only been a patient for six months, I've only been into the office twice and have only called three times and I have never had a positive over the phone experience. Of the two times I've gone in, once I had to wait for over an hour past my appointment  time for the doctor and I was the FIRST appointment of the day. This is absolutely unacceptable, especially considering I was there with pneumonia. When I tried to get blood work done, I got caught in the phone maze (actually transferred to the same person three times) only to find out that I didn't need an appointment for blood work even though my doctor told me I needed one, then when I did show up to get it done, the girl "wasn't in."  Once I get my prescription filled so I can make it through the next month-- I'm getting a new doctor because Mountain Park Health Center does not deserve any patronage.
1	I won't be back.My son needed to get Vaccines for school.  So I made an appointment for here, as it is close to home and they could get me in quick.  I also had him do a physical, which is good.  The doctor was very good with him, my son has Aspergers (ASD) and the Doctor that saw him was very particular in his words, and he really understood my son, So this is not a reflection of Dr. V.  I am giving this a one star because...When I walked in, the lobby was EXTREMELY small, clean, but small.  Then I realized why, This Doctor office shares a lobby with a WIC office and a Lab that takes walk ins.  We had a 3:15 appointment, didn't get home until between 5:30, and 5:45.So my son and i walk up to the counter sign in, wait to be called.  They see everyone there from newborn on up.  So it was a very chaotic lobby and LOUD!...  its a cold lobby.   So we got there at 2:45 (as suggested for new patience) I signed in for our 3:15 appointment.  I finally get called up to fill out paperwork, they give me Spanish paperwork to fill out, I had to ask the woman at the front for English instructions.   She says something, and I say, I'm sorry, what?  She barely speaks above a whisper and this lobby is LOUD!  being so small, no carpet, cold furniture, etc...  So finally after a couple of exchanges, I realize she wants my insurance card.  I give it to her.  So I sit down and finish my paperwork.  I realize, there nothing on there asking about the health of anyone.  it was all about insurance and payment.  I thought to myself 'that's odd, every doctor i have ever been to always has something there about medical history...  but here... nothing -  wow, they care!  So I turn in my paper work and sit back down.  We don't get called back until about 3:30  (remember, my appt was 3:15)  so, they take my sons vitals, normal enough, but then we had to go sit back in the lobby...  Where we now wait until 4:00 when they call us back.  Well, the doc must be just about ready for us.  I wish...The doc comes in at about 4:45, where then he goes over medical history etc..  Get a physical, needed vaccines, and seems to try to upsell me on 2 other vaccines that he doesn't need (chicken pox, which he already had, HPV which he doesn't need at this time, and another one)  When I denied them, he tried to talk me out of it, but I stood my ground.  So the doc does the physical, and the MA comes in and give's my son his vaccines.  Then someone else comes in to give me a piece of paper saying the vaccines he received so he can get back into school.Finally after all that was done, it was about 5:20.  We leave the room, and the place is kind of confusing, so I am just walking around trying to figure out the exit and no one takes it upon themselves to ask me if I need help, so finally  I had to ask someone and (what seemed like bothering them) where the exit is, once we finally found the exit we were able to leave and then we went home.  So i got home about 5:30-5:45.  So i am looking at the paper as my husband asked "what shots did 'j' get?"  I take out the paper and tell him, he got this, that and the other...  THEN... the thing of ALL THINGS!!!!...  seriously, I can't believe this.  They scheduled us another appointment WITHOUT EVEN ASKING!!!!  yes I am serious.  That is gutsy.Good news is, my son got his needed vaccines, and he can go to school now.  However the doc and the MA was really good.  The check out girl was super nice.  But this place is just one giant factory, that seems to put money above everything else.  pro: The doc seemed to get my son, which can be difficult at timescon: I didn't appreciate the 'upselling' of unnecessary vaccines (for the moment).  I don't appreciate them scheduling another appointment without my consent, and the LONG wait time, 2.5 hours in a doctors office is just rude! All in All I just feel like they didn't respect my time, didn't really care about my sons health all that much.  And why do they have such a small lobby with sharing it with WIC and a Lab?
1	This place really sucks, no one knows anything here, it seems like some of the employees are monkeys. They don't know anything probably are mad because they get paid minimum wage. I would never recommend any one there the ladies that work there are fat and always talking about their huge weekend consisting of eating food and becoming more fatter than their own mothers
1	WARNING! Do not waste your hard working money on DR. BRYAN DAVIS. He is not educated well enough to provide service as a doctor. Additionally, really bad customer service.
5	So impressed! Was able to have an MRI and follow up same day. Staff went out of their way to accommodate needs as I live on other side of town. Excellent communications from doctors office upstairs and MRI scanning downstairs. I am impressed by their customer service
3	Just moved to a new area and needed to find a doctor. I called the Tempe location but they weren't able to accommodate my schedule so they made me an appt at the Phoenix location instead. They called me three times prior to my appointment to confirm which is good in a sense since I sometimes forget I have an appointment. When I got here I thought I walked into the wrong place. The waiting room were full of kids screaming everywhere! I had to do a double take to make sure I was in the right place. Environment: noisy and somewhat unsanitary. I checked in and the receptionist was nice. As I was sitting down to fill out the paperwork, I felt so grossed out and was about to leave but with my tight schedule I decided to follow through with it and see the doctor in Tempe next time. After my paperwork was completed, I was called right away. I saw a physician assistant which I usually prefer over doctors since they tend to give you more of their time. She was really nice and tentative. Then they also sent in a dietitian and a counselor to talk to me regarding my diet and how to deal with stress. I was then send to the lab to get some testing done and they were also nice and quick. I would say 4 stars for the service and 2 stars for the overall environment of this place. I will check out the Tempe location next time instead.
