5	This is a New York style deli with meats sliced to order with a wide variety of hero options and daily specials.  Hours are 6am to 5pm M-FIf you work or live in the downtown area near 1st Ave & Adams, you've gotta try the Hero Factory. I'm making my way through the menu one hero at a time with a visit at least once a week and enjoying every bite of it too.  These are honestly the best hero subs I have ever had in my life. The portions are huge, enough to share with a friend.  Not only is the food awesome but the people who run this shop are very cool. They put a lot of heart into every meal they serve with great appreciation.Need a recommendation? Try the Godfather- Italian meats on toasted garlic bread...It's to live for!
5	The Hero Factory Big-ass (can I use "big-ass' as an adjective?) hoagies the way it's done in New York.This place packs the meat in their hoagies, and I mean pack. In my book, they don't gyp you. They use Boar's Head meats, which is prime in the deli world, and they pack the other good stuff into their sandwiches, too, like tomatoes, peppers, whatever! Of course, it is a little pricier than your typical Subway, but c'mon...the meats, the bread, the accoutrements are waaay better. This new place, located smack downtown, is a hit among the big names in the Phoenix scene (politicians and high-powered City and State officials). You never know who you're going to run into. Owners Nicole and Jay (who moved to Phoenix from, yes, New York), run the counter themselves, and let me tell you, they are characters. They will throw the f-bomb once in a while, but not in an offensive way. They do it in the most endearing New Yorker way.  I highly recommend this new deli joint. Buy one of their hoagies and you get two lunches out of it. And BTW, they do a "Hungryman Breakfast sandwich" and it is a cardiologist's nightmare, but a meat and breakfast lover's dream come true. This breakfast hoagie has breakfast potatoes, bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, and topped with American cheese for good measure. If you get one of these breakfast beauties, you might want to share with a friend...preferably a carnivore friend.  So check it out, will ya?
5	What more can be said of The Hero Factory. It's close enough to my office that I can walk there without breaking a sweat. Or that it's remarkably affordable (heck, two meals in one sandwich). I turned my office peeps onto this place.What's especially nice is when the f-bombs are dropped, keeping in real in a town that seems to hinge on "plastic."Go meat!!
5	I think I'm going to cry. After over TEN YEARS of suffering through Arizona style sandwiches... Long Island is finally in the house! The first thing I saw when I walked in was the potato salad... and I knew I was home. Long Island delis have a certain way of making potato salad that I've never found anywhere else in the world. So when I saw The Hero Factory's deli case my heart started to race a little. I prayed to God that his would be the real deal. By the power of Huntington please be an authentic LI deli run by real New Yorkers.And it is!!!Ever since I moved here from New York I've been craving a real deli sandwich. That means tons of boarshead meat on a real roll (kaiser or hero) with dressing and shredded lettuce. Chicken parm, turkey and cheese, roast beef with mustard - it doesn't matter just make it taste like home. Thankfully everything I ate at The Hero Factory tasted exactly like home. Even if you are not from NY, you must give this place a try. They make the best heros in the Valley - hands down. You will fall in love.The owners did a really great job of maintaining authenticity. Their accents, personality and friendly, familiar way of talking to the customers is refreshing and so very NY. I actually feel like something good happened to me today because I discovered this place. I'll be back whenever I have a craving for good food or for home.
5	Oh yeah. This place rocks! Definitely authentic. I felt very pressured to order in that New York nice kind of way.As a frequent NY traveler (just read my other reviews) it felt every bit like I was in a New York deli, except there was room to move around and not a lot of people talking very loudly.The subs are huge, fresh and tasty. I am definitely planning on sampling as much from the menu as I can. So far, I would say this is the best sandwich shop in town.
5	I used to live in NY and while that may not make me a New Yorker, I think I know a little something about a real New York deli.  Hero Factory is the ONLY real New York Deli in Phoenix.  Every detail from the Metro ripping by outside to the obnoxious broad behind the counter calling my sandwich "naked", you almost feel like you are on Long Island.The best part of Hero Factory is the bread.  They have some secret recipe for it that makes you want to buy it in bulk.  Anything they put on it is great but the top item is the chicken salad.  I know that is weird to say because, at a deli, you expect cold cuts.  While all of the hot and cold sandwiches I have tried are good, the chicken salad is better than anything around.  The other thing about this place that makes it so great is the location.  Not only did they go under the Orpheum Lofts, giving them some instant credibility, but they helped keep the corner of Monroe and 1st Ave alive after Nick's 101 went under.  They have some competition next door but the line is always coming out into the street by 11:30 during the week.Biggest disappointment - they close too early.
4	Only open for breakfast and lunch, Hero Factory caters to the downtown Phoenix lunch crowd with humongous, top of the line hero sandwiches. With veteran deli owners Nicole Dorio and Jay Friedman, quality and freshness are high while the prices are low. Hero only uses Boar's Head meats and cheeses, which you've probably seen before in the expensive side of the grocery store meat counters. This makes all of the difference in quality comparison to the places, left unnamed, who sell $5 subs. You'll notice the difference! Then there is the bread! Covered with toasted sesame seeds, the toothsome bread has a light bagel texture, slightly chewy while remaining tender. No wonder since the bread is sourced from our own local Chompies bakery.When you set foot inside the first thing you're going to notice is the smell. A mixture of onions, meat and tomato sauce fragrances permeate the air inside causing an instant and raging hunger. The deli counter is broken up into 3 different areas, each more moth watering then the next. The first case is filled with all sorts of delectable salads and desserts. Then there is the meat and cheese case, where the owners slice the meat to order whether for a sandwich or by the pound. Then there is the hot section which has steaming hot dishes of deli classics like sausage and peppers and meatballs, the fantastically overwhelming smell was quickly fingered. Ordering can be a bit tough due to the fact that everything sounds so wonderful. Signature Heroes both cold and hot, wraps, salads and sides make up the large and straight forward menu. Place your order at the counter, pay, then grab a seat and you'll be called when its ready. Once this process is started you can watch as your meat is sliced and your sandwich assembled. Ive always enjoyed watching my food prepared, you can learn so much for your own kitchen. Yes, Ive already ordered my very own meat slicer so I can do this at home on the weekends when Hero is closed.The heroes at Hero are big, thick and piled heavy with meat, cheese and toppings. 2 big eaters can easily share 1 hero sandwich and a side no problem. Being the big bear that I am I did barely manage to finish one by myself and was quite miserable for sometime after that. Fortunately parking in downtown Phoenix is kind of spread out so a nice walk afterwards will really help out. The easiest method would be to park in mid town then take the light rail to the Hero Factory, it runs right by.With so many heroes to chose from I went ahead and put my trust in the owner Jay. He immediately tells me that his favorite hero is the Manhattan ($7.95). Anything with "man" in it has to be good, right? A thick stack of roast beef piled high on toasted garlic bread all covered with melted mozzarella cheese. This sandwich was in its most pure form, no veggies and sauces to get in the way, just the simple flavor of good meat, cheese and bread. When he came to check on his sandwich I asked for some Russian dressing for a bit of a variation, this single element added that extra dimension that turned the Manhattan from good to great! Their Russian dressing is some of the best I've had. They really should bottle and sell this dressing, can't wait to try it on a salad! Of course the owner is going to know what's best to eat off of his menu. It was great that he didn't say the generic phrase, "everything is good on the menu".Taking matters in my own hands, next up was the Crackerjack ($7.95). While not as anti-holiday as I was looking for this one was simply fantastic! Thin sliced cracked pepper turkey, oozy melted pepper jack cheese then dressed with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and their amazing Russian dressing. Each bite of the spicy turkey and cheese was a hard contrast to the sweet flavors of the holiday; this one definitely has some heat to it. If something all American is more your liking, then the Patriot ($7.95) will be a home run! Roast Beef, turkey, ham and American cheese topped with lettuce, tomato and onion. You can never go wrong with the basics at Hero.What's a deli without trying some of the home made salads? The cheese and bacon tortellini salad ($1.75 1/2lb) was so creamy, smoky and tender, one taste was not enough. In fact this one was so good I didn't want to share with my table mates. The deli case also had a tomato and mozzarella salad ($1.75 1/2lb) that was perfectly dressed with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Each cherry tomato exploded with sweet tangy flavor contrasted by the balsamic coated mozzarella, delightful.The hours at Hero are limited to weekday mornings and afternoons which may be the only drawback to his location. Since the light rail is moving finally and more businesses are opening downtown, perhaps the hours will include a Saturday? I sure hope so, I really love this place!
5	I don't have much to say other than I love this place and their Chicken Salad is incredible.  It's a short walk from our house, but is unfortunately always closed by the time we get home from work.  We rejoice anytime we have a day off and we make every effort to make it to Hero Factory to pick up a sandwich.  I know absolutely nothing about New York authenticity, but I can tell you that this place is damn good.  Try the chicken salad.  'Nuff said.
4	I made a special trip to try out this place.  In fact I decided to try out the light rail on the same day and road it from Mesa to downtown Phoenix specifically to eat at the Hero Factory.  I loved it.   When you've got great bread and Boar's Head brand meat you can never go wrong.  Luckily I had a long ride back to Mesa on the Rail so I could wallow in my gluttony after a foot long, side salad, large cookie and a large soda.  I was comfortably miserable.  Best sandwich I've had in this town so far.
4	I read rave reviews about this place and it was 2 blocks from my hotel, so i had to check it out!The NY accent is definitely thick and abounds in there!The menu is huge!The specials are indeed all over the place!I went with the turkey special and spaced when ordering it and got a wrap... Not that yummy bread that everyone speaks so highly of.I couldn't believe it as it existed my mouth... sigh.It was made fresh right in front of me, and i even had a choice for the wrap - wheat, spinach, tomato or something else... woah!There are cute tables out front, unfortunately a family of about 15 small children bogarted it for the entire time i was there.The light rail passes by and luckily is not very loud.I would definitely be here frequently if i lived here, but alas, i am just passing through!If you are attending a conference walk the 4 blocks down Adams, skip quiznos and subway and enjoy a great sandwich!And try the meatball sub - it looked amazing!
4	I came here today with a few coworkers for lunch and enjoyed it quite a bit. Now, I'm not much of a sandwich person myself, but even so I was diggin' it. The people behind the counter were definitely New Yorkers, and I got a huge kick out of their accents. They were friendly and efficient, and we got in and out of there pretty fast, despite the line.I ordered the Barbeque Ranch Wrap, no lettuce, no tomato, with a wheat tortilla shell. Upon my first bite, I wasn't absolutely loving it, but the more bites I took, the more it grew on me. It had just a touch of hot sauce that gave it a nice kick, and I'd say all of the ingredients went well together. I'm not sure I'd order it again, just because they had some other good looking wraps, but overall it was pretty tasty. Again, I don't love sandwiches all that much, but if I have to go to a sandwich place, this would be my pick.
5	Get the knish with ham & cheese (smothered with mustard) and your tummy will know happiness. This little treat saved my morning yesterday and I'm still thinking lovingly about it. Next time, I'm subbing the ham for bacon.:drools:
5	I see there hasn't been a review in 2009. So let's get started. I don't know why I don't eat here more often. It's not all that far from my office. The talk about the bread is all true. Phenomenal taste and texture. I had the turkey and swiss. Pretty tame. However the Boars Head turkey thinly sliced is to die for. The only other great sandwich in the dowtown area is at Calabria's on Roosevelt. Both places do remind me of back East in NY.  Any sandwich you get at either place is big enough for two, or for both lunch and dinner.
5	The Hero Factory is one of my favorite lunch spots in downtown Phoenix.  The sandwiches are generous to say the least, especially at the $7.95 price point.  Jay and Nicole are always friendly and know me by name, a testament to their service skills.My favorites include anything with a chicken cutlet and how could I not mention Jay's homemade meatballs.  The roles are nice and soft and when toasted offer a nice crunch to accompany any of the tasty fillings.  Another suggestion is the chicken salad wrap with bacon.  Yum!  I used to visit quite often, even for breakfast where Nicole would always make me a turkey wrap, a little oddity for breakfast foods.  Overall the Hero Factory is a great place for lunch and totally outshines most of the mediocre downtown lunch spots.  If you haven't stopped in do so.
5	Awesome food and people. They are incredibly friendly and after leaving this place I genuinely feel I have stepped away from a shop in New York!
4	The Hero Factory is 2 minutes from my office, good for my foodie obsession, bad for my waisteline.  This place has absolutely one of the biggest heros I've had.  $10 will get you a hero and a drink.  A little pricey but I can never eat the whole thing and that means lunch the next day too.
3	I really wanted to like this place and I think if I had ordered anything else off of their menu I would have.  Unfortunately I ordered their veggie and it just didn't really work out.  The bread was great and all their veggies were nice and fresh, but the sandwich just needed a little something extra (a second cheese, some seasoning, SOMETHING) just to give it some flavor.  I tried adding salt and pepper but it just wasn't enough.I'm giving them three stars since the guys working there were really friendly and the bread was good.  If I ever get a chance to come back to Phoenix I'll give one of their meat sandwiches a try.
4	This place gets packed for lunch, and rightfully so.  Delicious sandwiches that are absolutely huge.  Can easily be shared with two people.  I think I got the Rachel, which is pastrami with thousand island dressing and coleslaw (I think).  Anyway, it was huge.  I ate half of it and it was plenty for me.  Make sure to come early or have some time because the lines get a little long.
5	This place just plain rocks.  I grew up on Uncle Sam's in North Phoenix, and after moving downtown, I struggled to find a good, giant, hero.  I'm sure some yelpers could lead me in the right direction, but up until now I haven't been able to find a giant sandwich DTown.  Well, I've found it. The Hero Factory is a place for huge sandwiches. And firearms. Yes, the proprietor is a hot chick with a sidearm. The service is awesome. We came in close to closing (fyi, they aren't open weekends, and close at 3 on weekdays) and asked if they had tables outside.  The proprietor told me she would put one out for us.  This place was ready to shut down, but she offered to take a table outside so we could enjoy the weather.  Big menu, awesome service, HUGE SANDWICHES, very reasonable prices and great food.  If you get a chance, try this place./Art
3	Ate there based on the Yelp recommendation.  Sandwiches were large using Boar's Head meats.  Good service friendly staff.  I gave them three stars because the sandwich just wasn't up to my expectations of a NY style deli e.g. a sandwich piled high with hot corned beef (compared to the Carnegie Deli).  The sandwiches are good just not great.
4	Friend Alexander C. said this place is good, so I whipped on in there today for lunch.  As a big eater, I ordered a (Pastrami) Hero, & a salad.  Nooooooooooooooooooooo, you don't want to do that!!!  I practically needed a forklift to get my tray to the table!  Either the sandwich OR the salad is "all you can eat" & then some!This stylish, clean, comfortable deli restaurant actually faces 1st Ave. a little above Adams.  My service was fast & very friendly, even though it was the lunch rush, & both my Pastrami & Chicken Club Salad were delicious.  I filled up, & still have about half of my order here in the fridge for Marty Cat & I to enjoy later.They serve a variety of different breakfast & lunch items, & are open Monday through Friday from 6 to 3.  The hero sandwiches run about $7 to $8 & can serve two.  The big salads run about $6 to $7 & are a complete meal.You'll like this place!     :-))
5	With all apologies to The Downtown Deli, The Hero Factory makes the best sandwiches Downtown. Owner Nicole is a laugh riot and she and her staff churn out bigger-than-your-head sandwiches at great prices (especially when you consider that their subs are really two meals). I'm a wrap guy and their club, buffalo chicken and Ceasar wraps are all top notch. The only tip I'd give is to come early because by high noon the line is spilling out the door.
4	Great NY hero's. The staff is friendly and very quick. I have been there three times in the last week.
4	Love this place... as much for the food as gun-totin' Nicole and the staff.  Having read the other reviews of the place, I won't repeat the same stuff over and over... but all the accolades are true... generous sandwiches, good drink selection, nice atmosphere.  My fave sandwich is the Ms Rachel, which is similar to downtown deli's New Yorker, but on a delish sub roll with pastrami, slaw, Russian dressing and Swiss cheese.  Also try the knish (but prepare to share, it's big.)  Also, the address is given as 114 West Adams, but the place is actually on 1st Ave north of Adams.In a downtown with lots of eateries but not so many great ones, you'll find yourself coming back to the Hero Factory.
4	I am new to Phoenix and was happy to find somewhere with Boar's Head meats and cheeses (and more importantly, Boar's Head dill pickles).  I ended up gettting the Islander, which includes chicken cutlet, bacon, melted cheddar and BBQ sauce.  The hoagie roll itself was big, so I was looking forward to a sandwich I could eat for lunch and dinner.  I must say, for close to $8 they could have put a little more chicken in the sandwich.  The flavors, however, were pretty good.  And the hoagie roll, loaded with sesame seeds, added to the nice flavors.
3	[Solid 3.5 stars] Not having tried this place yet, as I was running errands on my lunch hour I decided to stop in. So I have this thing....one that impels me to order Egg Salad whenever I see it on a menu. Here they do, so when it was my turn in line...Egg salad sandwich please! They grabbed a heavily sesame seeded, at least 12", baguette from its resting place and filled it full of chunky egg salad and topped it off with shredded lettuce and fresh sliced tomato. Adding a bag of Salt and Vinegar chips my lunch came to just under $9. I have to say that the bread was great, sturdy but soft! The egg salad was quality, rich and tasty (very few ever have enough yellow mustard for me and find myself adding extra). The sandwich was so large I just had half and saved the other half for later. The only negative for me was the type of butcher paper and amount of it they used to wrap my sandwich. It was a bit thick and bulky, especially since the sandwich itself was wrapped in a piece, cut in half and then wrapped again in this thick paper. Otherwise the service was fast and friendly and I will surely stop in again in the future.
5	This definitely IS the place to get your hoagies from!! On their website it states, "What is a hero?" You might ask yourself. Well, come try one. It's what others call a sub, hoagie or grinder, ONLY BETTER. What some call a sandwich, we call a snack. What other places call double, we call regular. We definitely don't skimp." Yeah, they definitely don't skimp on ANYTHING!! The quality of their bread and meats (Boar's Head), dressing, and customer service is spectacular. Ah yes, their customer service... You will definitely get that East Coast vibe- be a part of the family- yet don't feel offended if you hear a cuss word or five- and better know what you are going to be ordering cause this place is not for the indecisive. I haven't tried many Heros because I usually stick to my favorite one of all, a Po' Boy Special (ham, salami, bologna and American cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and your choice of dressing). It costs $7.95, which is extremely cheap (not saying that you should be raising your prices but I would still be getting my Heros on even if you did) for the quality AND the quantity. The only downfall to Hero's Factory is that they are only open from 6 AM - 3 PM Monday to Friday, so I am not able to go there as often as I would like to. However, my husband does work downtown (night shift) and is able to bring me some before he heads home. To Nicole and Jay, and to the rest of the team, thank you for all of the Heros. :) P.S. Hero's Factory has made my Best of the Best ONLY list, of course.
5	I really like this place... Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. Following the recommendation I ordered the Crackerjack, cracked pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes fresh with a chewy center and crisp exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. I really enjoyed the Crackerjack. The Godfather was good for a few bites, but too rich for me. I can't wait to come back... Great choice for lunch downtown for a very fair price. Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich!
2	Meh. Went there for an early lunch with the fiance today after reading so many great reviews here on Yelp. They definitely have a great selection of meats and cheeses and potato salad, if you're in to that but the 2 sandwiches that we had were rather average. They were certainly not terrible, but as someone who lives down the street from DeFalco's Family Deli in Scottsdale, every $8 sub is held to a certain standard. I had the Italian Sausage and Peppers (and Onions) on sesame sub roll, she had a chicken sub with peppers and cheese (mozzarella?) on wheat. The breads we quite good. We expected her sub to be made with the grilled chicken that was in the deli counter but it was actually made with a deep fried cutlet which was pretty disappointing since the grilled chicken looked so good. I had a couple bites of hers and it was decently good and with some marinara, I would have no problem eating it again (although I would order something else next time).The sausage and peppers was good. Not GREAT, but good. I had marinara and provolone put on it so that, combined with the juiciness and sauce of the sausage/pepper/onion concoction, made for a messy experience. Again, it was far from being a terrible sandwich, but for $8 I'd like a little more flavor and less "mess". I'm not saying not to go here. Do it! It's better than Subway or Quizno's, hands down and it's great to support local businesses. I just have a problem spending $18 on 2 subs and a drink and not being completely satisfied.  The reason I go to DeFalco's (and pay the same amount of money) on a weekly basis is because I KNOW I will get every dollar worth of delight out of my sandwich. They have a great sausage/pepper but, as many of you may know, their cheese steaks are what make that place shine. I'll leave that for another review.CONCLUSION: Hero Factory is good. Good, fresh food, good low-key atmosphere, nice helpful (gun-toting) staff. If I had the option to order a half-sub for $5, this review may have been a little different. I'll go back at some point to order something different, but when asked to rate this particular experience? Meh.
5	I tried this place for lunch and had a great experience.   I tried the sausage and peppers sandwich... that was awesome.   They even had March Madness on TV.  I think the prices are a little on the high side but they're a mom & pop restaurant so I understand.  I'll be back soon...
4	Tried The Hero Factory out for the first time today.  I will definitely be going back.  I tried the veggie lover sandwich and had them add avocado for extra yumminess and it was quite delectable.
4	The Godfather sounded rad... and it definitely was. All of the ingredients were top quality and the bread was great! I'll definitely be back on a regular basis.Note: I think the address listed here is incorrect. They're actually on 1st Ave just north of Adams on the west side of the street.
2	It was your typical hero style sandwich shop and plenty of options. The breakfast menu was better than most in the area and the prices were reasonable. The food was good and I ate breakfast there twice during my stay, it was quick, hot and one block from my hotel. WARNING if you're from Boston and they know, you'll hear it from the staff, they're imports from NY...  FYI, besides that it was a locals spot as most of the customers were regulars.
3	3/5the sandwiches are huge. i'm not to bent on the whole freedom fries this and such on the menu, but it is AZ so i guess that is how it runs.
4	Great sandwiches and service.  Long lines for lunch and forget about ordering and picking up for lunch.
4	I have ate here about 4 times and have always had a good hot (if I ordered a hot sandwich) sandwich or a great factory special (an italian hero)  I love the bread as I've stated in a few of my previous reviews: it's all about the bread! The meat is top notch and has always been fresh and delicious.I love the deli style feel. The people that work there are always nice and are good at getting you through the line quickly. I will be back and my search for a great hero is over
3	The only street level spot for morning coffee on First Avenue between Fillmore and Monroe.   The lights were on, the OPEN sign too.  I had a few minutes before my appointment with a Very time-fixated appointment coordinator.  Coffee Time!Opening the door, I walked into a clean hive of sound and energy.  GaGa's techno pop driving busy bees making a sandwich tray for somebody's event, prepping for lunch, serving breakfast, and generally revving up for a busy Tuesday at the Hero Factory.  The coffee was my style of Americano - Folgers or Farmer Bros.  Vacuum pots, sweeteners and stir sticks on a small south wall table.  Half and half and milk were in the cooler.  Help myself, pay my dollar, find a sunny table for sipping and dumping the chaff from my e-mail.   The past three years a lot of downtown Phoenix restaurants have been raked from the streets like dead leaves after a dust or thunder storm.  Places I've seen for years and patronized occasionally stand empty, waiting for new  cheftrepreneurs.  Other places, pruned hard by the economy, live and serve. An energetic beehive like Hero Factory is great to have around.  Nicole invited me back for lunch.  I'll do that, and bring some friends.  Maybe I'll order a sandwich tray instead, bring it to work, invite everybody and goober up the conference room table with breadcrumbs, lettuce fragments, onion snippets, mayo and mustard.  I'll be back for a rewrite no matter what.
4	Stopping for Lunch?  Bring a friend.In the bottom floor of the former Phoenix Title and Trust building, now the Orpheum Lofts condominiums, the Hero Factory sits.  Clean, energetic, and serving more of a sandwich at one sitting than I can comfortably consume.  But I did, the Sweet Lorraine.  You can choose your artist and words for whichever Sweet Lorraine song you wish.  That song title sparked my final choice.  A foot long sesame loaf loaded with a phone book of Boar's Head turkey - a St. John's phonebook, still a very large portion, lots more turkey than lettuce, more roasted red pepper than tomato, and a little mayo.  I suggest a little extra oil and vinegar to flavor one of these up.   It was a filling submarine of a sandwich.   I also got a giant ice tea with large ice.  One I could not get refilled because by the time I finished my sandwich, the lunch line was nearly out the door.  But I filled it with water twice, and will finish my water, still cold in a few minutes.  I added some Poore Brothers potato chips to my meal.  Poore Brothers are local.  I met Ray Poore on a plane as the company was starting up.  He told me how they slice the spuds a little thicker and cook them in higher quality, healthier oil than other companies.  They were thicker, they were crispy, they weren't too oily, and if they had much salt it was hard to taste.  I'll try more flavors in the future.Why mention Phoenix Title and Trust?  Since I've found out how important restrooms are to most Yelp* contributors I try to investigate the facilities.  The sign on the rear Hero Factory door shows a Women|Men washroom sign. Don't be fooled.  Follow those signs through enough doors for a "Mystery Science Theater 3000" broadcast, down the halls,  back to 1932; at least the floors and doors.  You'll find individual men's and women's clean, well- stocked washrooms.
4	I'm taking a one star deduction for not being open after 3p or on weekends. To put it simply I am craving this right now bad and I cant have it.  Very rarely do I go somewhere that bills itself as New York and have it live up. This place is one of the exceptions.  It backs up the New York moniker.  Best damned sangwhich in town period!
5	Delicious sandwich.  I had the Ms. Rachel sandwich and it was delicious.  The bread was soft and fresh, the lunchmeat was flavorful and not greasy, and the coleslaw topping was delicious.  This was lunch and dinner for me.  Huge, delicious sandwich and for not much more than Subway prices.  No chips or cookies are required for fillers here.
4	I was very impressed.  I was downtown for jury duty, so I thought I'd find a local place for lunch. Very good-  larger sandwich (easily shared) with lots of good meats, and really good bread.  I had an apparently new sandwich- "Nicole's Bitch-With." Quite good and exactly what I would expect from the girl with a cat hat and packing a snub auto- sassy with a bite.  The sandwiches are just under $8, so plan on at least $10 if you want a drink.
5	Okay so I work downtown and have ventured to most of the places to eat in the area at least once and I noticed for some reason I had not ever been to this place. So as I walk closer I notice there is a line right up to the door of office workers which is telling me this place must be pretty good if this many office workers are waiting in line. I step in and I'm instantly hit with the smell of a real deli. The menu was filled with tasty sounding items that made me change my mind several times while waiting until I came across a little sign about a new sandwich called Nicole's Bitch-wich ( Cajun Chicken, Chipolte Ranch, Pepper Jack Cheese with all the fixings) and that won me over on sandwich choice. For as busy as the place was it was pretty fast and it was nice to see them really making a sandwich even cutting the meat freshly for each sandwich. The staff was very friendly and even broke an extra $20 I needed broken without any trouble. The woman who turned out to be the owner add's to the place with a lively NY personality with a little AZ flair carrying a firearm. I suppose it doesn't hurt that she is cute too. Any case back to the food... so I get this huge hero wrapped in classic butcher paper and it is just plain awesome. As someone else mentioned on here that this place makes a sandwich which I think beats the famous downtown deli's sandwiches and it seems to beat them price wise.  Price wise for what you get this by far blows away the chain shops like Paradise and the thought of even considering going to a subway when this place is near by is a sin. Five stars as far as sub and hero places go.
4	A true big city deli- huge sandwiches and endless combinations. Even the servers seemed "New York" (one of them was definitely packing a gun?). They have several flavorful vegetarian sandwiches as well as the standard meat offerings! The atmosphere was also fun- lawyers, cops, fire fighters, and citizens on jury duty!
1	Food is ok.  Wanna hear a brassy NY accent from the owner who "open carries" a pistol as she makes sandwichs. No thanks. There are other places downtown.
5	I was visiting from Chicago and had a a friend (who is a Phoenix Police Officer) take me for lunch at the Hero Factory. 1st rule of thumb, if you see cops eating at a restaurant you can usually assume it's good.  In the case of the Hero Factory, it is AMAZING!! You are greeted by the owner, Nicole, behind the counter the minute you walk in.  She is upbeat, smiling and full of energy! Before you even order you are having a great experience! The sandwiches are HUGE and priced right. I am so thankful I only got half and a bowl of the soup which was just the right temperature too.  The meat is piled high, the seasoning is awesome and the veggies are crisp and fresh. We dined there and it had a cool vibe going! Customers were greeted by their first names and many times the employees were making their sandwich before they even ordered.  They have tons of regulars which says a lot too. I get to Phoenix at least once a year and the Hero Factory will be on my list of regular stops from now on.  I just wish we had one in Chicago :( Keep up the great work and keep smiling Nicole!! A treasure of a HERO shop!!!
3	Pretty good deli sandwich but a hassle for parking. Love the selection of things to buy sorta like a little market in NY!
5	Delicious sandwich and high quality, friendly service.  Again, I got a sub (The Crackerjack) and saved half for dinner.  I think these sandwiches get better as they marinate in the refrigerator.  I also got a huge pickle that was crisp and really good.  Looking forward to trying other items from the menu.
1	The food is okay but. The accent is nauseatingly new yawk. The owner always wears a pistol on her hip. I don't go to restaurants where the owner proudly brandishes a weapon. Way over the top.
2	I wanted a sandwich. I was going to hit up a chain, but decided that, for the money, I could do better with a local place. I looked around online for the best sandwiches in the downtown area and kept seeing Hero Factory come up. I decided to give it a try.The place was nothing special. The establishment itself was overcrowded with chairs to the point where you had to bump into people already seated in order to find a table. The staff was rude and inattentive. I wasn't loving it.But it was the sandwich that made things worse. I got the vegetarian hero. It was so bland and boring. Subway is better. Veggie sandwiches can be awesome. There's no reason for me to pay money for flavorless blah. The bread tasted old and came out of a plastic bag. If this is the New York experience, New York can keep it.
5	The Patriot is delicious and well worth it.  I am slowly working my way through the menu.  This place is the real deal.  Love those pickles too.
5	I ordered the Manhattan, here's what i think:Concrete jungle where dreams are made ofThere's nothing you can't doNow you're in New YorkThese streets will make you feel brand newBig lights will inspire youHear it for New York, New York, New York!
3	The "New York" inspired deli that dots the streets of everytown USA.  A good sandwich, particularly the Copper Square, for when you are stuck down town without a lunch date.
5	The Buffalo Chicken Wrap is also delicious.  It is a great alternative if you do not want a huge hogie.  The meat was delicious and high quality and the sauce and veggies were perfect.
5	If this isn't the best place to go downtown for lunch, then it is among the best. Gotta love the eat coast owners.
3	Ok so I have been here twice now on lunch.  Let me start by saying the subs are delicious.  Everything is fresh, top quality meats, breads.  The only "but" that was the cause of three stars is my biggest pet peeve.  They seem to rush so fast to get u out the door they screwed up my sub both times I was there.   No onions I hate onions and got them both times.  Slow Down, think about what your doing, and think how the customers feel about being shoved off like that by the employees.  I do highly recommend the place maybe just shout or sing ur special request so they remember it.
5	I was sinful today and had the Downtown Delight sub and it was certainly delightful.  All the flavors (chicken cutlet, balsalmic vinegar, cheese, peppers, and that bread) melded really well together.  And I was such a pig I ate the whole thing.  Highly reccomended when you want something super savory with great flaovr.  Thanks again Hero Factory!
5	I had the Mr. Ruben and it was delicious and the 1,000 tasted homemade.  Wow, just wow!
5	Hands down best sandwich in the state.   Nice clean business.  The owner is a lil rough but you won't have any smelly bums wandering in and out while you are trying to eat.
5	Had a New Yorker Sub today, April 24th.  Delicious!
4	Finally was able to go after hearing so much about it. Yes, they do have original LI Potato Salad. Wewhoo. I have been searching for that since I moved here 30 plus years ago. The Chicken Salad sandwich I had was very good, NY style, and yummy tasting. It wasn't as good as Cassella's but what is? The other items here all looked so good and the place was packed. I just wish the bread here in Az was as good as NY. I had a Kaiser Roll today while good, not NY great. I also took home a Potato Knish which was delish! Pardon the rhyme.    I will have to go back and try some of their other items. I agree with the other posters that his place has a very NY environment and feel. However, I have never seen a deli owner in NY with a gun strapped to her waist. lol---the owner is hilariously NY. A  little Bit Hero Natzi in Soup Natzi style from Seinfeld. ( but a nice Hero Natzi) I heard her tell a customer "Come on, Sh-- now. Whatcha want let's go, honey"-- LOL--- transported me right back to the old neighborhood. I had a good chuckle over it. Secretly, I loved her. We chatted The old hood for a while.  So I will be back to try some of their other items and maybe get some Cold Cuts to go. I will definitely be back to order the Potato Salad in gallon jugs. ----:0)
5	I work downtown and I try to get into The Hero Factory at least once a month.  Huge portion sizes for what you pay, great customer service and very speedy.  I usually get the Godfather and I'll eat half of it for lunch and the other half for dinner.  They've won best restaurant 3 years running for a reason.
4	Very good
5	5 Stars!!!  This place is a MUST "stop by and try" if you haven't already!   It's in somewhat of a convenient location if your in this area of downtown, near the court house.  Nicole is fantastic, despite what some lefties might write about her, and she makes some of the best sub style sandwiches you'll find anywhere near downtown.  She welcomes everyone including the left winged misguided souls :-)Selections, after you par-ooze her menu on the back wall take a look at some of the more creative specials posted down in front.  I chose the bitches bitch, which was the most awesome roast beef 10.5 inch sub with different kinds of peppers and cheese on a toasted sesame seed role.  It was DELISH!   My friend Rand had a hot pastrami hero with some extra spicy mustard.  He enjoyed it and her despite the fact she was packing some heat, literally :-)Stop by and see Nicole and try one of her deli sandwiches!   You will enjoy it and look forward to coming back to see her again.
3	Food was good but wasn't over the top great
5	Delicious! This is my favorite spot of sandwiches downtown. It's a NY style deli and they aren't afraid to broadcast it. They use boar's head deli meat and there is no skimping on proportions. The hoaggie bread is perfectly soft with sesame seeds on top, but they have other options if you want to be "healthy." There is a strong battle in my heart of Ms. Rachel vs. Mr. Ruben when comes to selection time, but the buffalo chicken wrap makes a good lunch too. The side dishes are pretty good too, but I hardly ever have room for it.It's totally worth the hassle of limited parking and downtown madness to stay full all day.
5	Legit NY style deli with a friendly staff. Owner was a Long Island local before living in the city, so she knows the food. Heros  are what I would expect back home on Long Island, so I definitely recommend it as being one of the best places in Phoenix!Also, get the Godfather hero!
5	Massive sandwiches for reasonable prices! This place is very nice for lunch, the sandwiches are so big I sometimes take half home. The place is nice and bright, and never too loud. Definitely one of my favorite places downtown so far, when I have room for it.The only thing as others have mentioned is that they have a surcharge if your order is under $5. Doesn't really matter as that's quite rare unless you go for breakfast, which is only $2.25 or so. Sandwiches are $8.50 or so. But they're big and use high quality meat.
5	Now we're talking serious food here at The Hero Factory! Bar none, this is NY style awesome quality! Try the Godfather and you'll see what we mean. You'll come back again and again to work your way through their menu. Great for breakfast and lunch. Whatcha waiting on? Get in line and try some fantastic fixins today already!
4	Came here today for a quick, late lunch at 2pm. They close at 3pm and aren't open on the weekends due to the lack of business after hours and on weekends. Too bad too because I could see coming here on the weekends. The place is spotless and they had a great selection of drinks, even Diet Cherry Pepsi! Tons of different sandwich options and it was helpful to check out their menu online first or I could have easily stood there for 20 minutes trying to decide what to order. I opted for the CrackerJack and my fiance tried their New Yorker. Both were warm and delicious! The sandwiches were both huge and  only half was filling enough for both of us. I love it when one meal can be spread out for lunch for two days.We got to talk to the owner, Nicole, who was very NY and very friendly. She informed us that she no longer used Boars Head meats and was using a local supplier.  Both our meats were great but having not too much BH before, I can't really compare. She also mentioned that she offered cold-cuts for purchase so I may even come weekly and get some fresh slices for our own meals we make at home.  It was a bit unusual to see her packing a gun on her hip but I can't say I blame her either. I knew many people wouldn't want to mess with her and that was BEFORE I saw the gun! LOL She was friendly and seemed genuinely grateful for our business and I love supporting local businesses.  We'll definitely come back!
4	Prepare for an engaging experience at the Hero Factory.  The owner of this establishment is fueled by mass quantities of piss and vinegar.  My mother referred to her as "spunky."  I'm still not sure what I would label her personality:  maybe "lively" or "energetic?"  Despite the Jersey attitude, she is very nice and accommodating.I ordered a sub that consisted of a chicken filet, bacon, cheddar cheese, and bbq sauce.My mother ordered the Italian...or something that resembled an Italian sub.Both were reasonably priced and adequately sized. The Italian was packed full of meat and the bread they use soaked up the oil and juices nicely.My chicken was crunchy, but not too tough, and blended well with the mixture of bbq sauce, bacon, and melted cheese.  I couldn't finish the whole thing and took half of it home.We also ordered a cup of split pea soup, which was very tasty.  It wasn't too thin or too thick and had chunks of ham and carrot floating around in the murky depths.  I would order it again.I am originally from Washington State.  In Seattle, the Mayor has declared downtown businesses as "gun free" and encourages owners to deny service to any patron who happens to be legally carrying a gun.At the Hero Factory, the owner carries a gun.  Personally, I didn't mind, but I found the juxtaposition to be humorous and intriguing. In sum, I will be returning to the Hero Factory, because they serve great food and their owner is an interesting character.
5	This place is gooood! I had the New Yorker with turkey and pastrami and my friend had the Factory Special, an Italian sandwich. We were both very pleased. The sesame bread is amazing and so are the meats. One of the best sandwich spots in town. You won't be disappointed.
3	Had a less than stellar experience on my second visit.  Dropping my rating to 3-stars, which sounds about right.
5	This is the place for the best sandwich in town. Nicole, Eddie, Rick and Bob are the best. You can't go wrong with the New Yorker.
5	We have eaten here twice and both times the sandwiches were great. The bitchwich is the favorite in our office. Only issue we had was delivery. They took our order and scheduled delivery and then called and told us their service would deliver to us.  When we went to pickup our order, they gave us free chips for our trouble.  Will definitely return.
5	A-Freaking-Mazing!!!!  Nicole, you are my new best friend!!!  Ordered the doodlewich and it was awesome, soooo huge though, had to split it with a co-worker. My ONLY regret is not discovering them sooner.
5	Great breakfast and lunch spot! Its open on Saturdays now and later during the weekdays which is great cause I always need a great breakfast spot close by. Nicole the owner, is amazing and will let you customize anything off the menu. Stop by and help support a local business they are about to start their 7th year!
4	Came here for the first time and tried the Mr. Reuben. It hit the spot. Very good in my opinion. They charged me for extra Russian sauce so the total was $9.50. I could get a Jimmy Johns sub down the street for a few dollars less but they are a little smaller there and not as good so I guess it evens out. I'll be going back soon.
5	Had the Patriot with spicy mustard. Nicole said I needed to have spicy mustard 'cause only girls order regular mustard. Sandwich was freakin awesome.
1	This factory is no hero to this Yelper.I was craving a sub, so I gave this place a chance.  I immediately went for the Italian sausage parmigiana. The good news was it was fast, but the good news ended there.First the rolls are very narrow and completely covered with sesame seeds, which was then covered with cheese and MICROWAVED!!! rendering the roll tough and chewy.  Then there was the total absence of any tomato sauce at all, which is implied by the term parmigiana!  The "Italian sausage" was also very bland and lacked any character at all.
5	Love the ambiance, just like home! Meatball parm is delicious!!! Will be back whenever I'm in the area.
1	Food was overpriced for what it was, and the quality was borderline gross. The person making the food was pulling up their shirt and scratching their stomach the entire time. Not going back there.
5	It's been three years now that I've been coming to the Hero Factory, and I have never once had an experience that was anything short of exemplary. There are many spots to get a sandwich downtown, but this is 'the' spot. I've tried various items from the menu and all have been spot on, but the Godfather is what keeps me coming back. Everyone working there is nice and outgoing  and they'll make you feel at home. I wish them unlimited success in the future, and I sincerely look forward to my next Godfather.
4	I have been meaning to try this so I swung on by today. It seems like a pretty cool place; watching the meats get cut on a authentic deli meat slicer and the staff seems to know the regulars pretty well. I ordered the Eddie Machete and I was pretty excited because, to my knowledge, I have never had a chicken cutler previously. It had chicken, bacon, cheese, jalapenos and chipotle ranch. The sandwich was good: chicken was nice and tender, seasoned well, cheese was great, but I was not a huge fan of the chipotle ranch, but like I said, it was still good. The bread was good as well, it had sesame seeds on it and was crunchy on the outside and soft in the center, just about perfect! The sandwich was like 9.75 once it was all said and done, which is pretty much par for the course for downtown. This did not include a drink or chips, but was more than enough to fill me up and save some for later.  The gal at the register had a pretty decent potty mouth, but I would never deduct on a review for undirected and non combative vulgarity, unless kids are present. She also had a gun on her hip, and was a bit of a hoot so it actually added to the experience in a positive manner. I will be back for sure to try one of the other sandwiches.
5	I've been going for the past 2 years.  The food quality is great, the workers seem to love their jobs, and are quick and efficient.   Recommend them highly.
4	The Hero Factory is one of my favorite spots downtown!I love the atmosphere that Nicole and her staff provide! You can have a chill conversation with Nicole while you wait for your food...she's the coolest owner you'll ever meet!The food is great and everything is made fresh when you order it.Subs are big enough for 2 people and very tasty and hearty!I recommend the western omelette for breakfast and the patriot for lunch!!!Amazing place!
2	Wtf!?  Who puts disgusting, processed American cheese on a sub sandwich!?Every time I go back to this place, it gets worse.For...the...love...of...God...This is why I'm scared to go out for lunch in Phoenix.  Nobody seems to have a clue about what you should and shouldn't do.Also, the bread.  Why choose a bread that has millions of tiny sesame seeds?  Hmm?  No bueno.Hey, Hero Factory, the 80s called.  They love your cheese.The rest of us, not so much.I paid about $11.00 for this awesome sub and a small bag of chips.If you appreciate it when people flaunt their right to wear a gun in public, then this is the place for you.However, if you want some decent food, I would avoid the Hero Factory.They get 2-stars for quick service and good jalapeno potato chips.
4	I always go there for the eggplant parmesan! Very tasty. Nice and attentive service is a plus.
4	Worth a try?  definitely yes...I had the reuben and it was very good. The pasta salad was incredible. The attractive lady working the register talked me into it and I'm glad she did. The sesame bread is a bit weird at first but it actually finishes great. The staff was friendly,  the attractive one might come off strong but she has a good heart.
5	This place was amazing. I'm from Columbus and wanted something in Phoenix that was out of my normal realm of eating. It was so unique, the service was phenomenal and I was so impressed to see the owner up front making my food. You can tell she genuinely values her customers and wants to ensure the satisfaction of her customers. It was ridiculously delicious and the quality of the food is amazing. I definitely recommend. Love it!
