5	Tammy and the whole team at the Scottsdale Jazzericse Center are in a word - AMAZING! They are so caring about their members, helping them reach their fitness goals while keeping things super fun!
4	I love jazzercise, for me it is fun and effective. I've lost inches down from size 10 to 8.  The variety makes it fun and the instructors are great.
5	I have been attending Scottsdale Jazzercise for the last 15 years. Not only do the instructors provide you with an awesome workout, it has been a wonderful place to make friends and meet new people.  With the variety of class times, many different instructors and a wide range of energetic music, it has been a fantastic way to help control my weight. I can't say enough good things about Tammy and the team at Scottsdale Jazzercise!
5	Tammy and her team are AWESOME!  The work outs are great!  The people are  amazing! And the fun is non stop!  Tammy fosters a sense of caring and community among her staff and members that is second to none.  Anyone looking for a super fun workout with measurable results and great people will find it at Scottsdale Jazzercise Center.
5	Jazzercise is so much fun and a great workout, too! Not only are all the instructors great at what they do, everyone at Jazzercise is so nice and welcoming! The routines never stay the same so you will never get bored! What a great place to workout! The best people in the world are at Jazzercise! :)
5	I think most can agree on the fact that cardio performed on a treadmill or elliptical is extremely boring but when I discovered Jazzercise it made workouts so much fun!  Tammy and all the instructors are fantastic and they genuinely care about everyone who attends.  I realized that I am not only getting a great workout but I also made friends along the way.  Jazzercise is the one hour I can take for myself and always feel amazing after.  The instructors are always updating their routines to switch up the music and keep you on your toes.  They offer a wide selection of class times which makes it easy to attend the early am classes before work or the pm classes on my way home.  Since I graduated college I have moved three times for my career and with each new City I find the local Jazzercise center to be like home.  The Scottsdale center is fantastic and I will continue to Jazzercise the rest of my life.  Come in to try a class, you will not regret it!
5	This center has the friendliest people and is more welcoming than most places. There are a variety of class times and all of the instructors are simply amazing-so much fun. Highly recommend this center-they have fun activities in addition to the classes. I've met some terrific people.
5	I have been getting a great workout here for years. All instructors are fun and energetic. Good for all ages and ability. I myself like to get everything out of every class. So I work hard and appreciate the up beat music to keep me energized.  The flooring is easy on your feet. Very social and friendly place:) I hope to stay in shape and jazzercise the rest of my life!
