5	I went to the free class offered during their open house - hands down, THE best workout I've had in years! After only one workout, it was a no-brainer...I signed up on the spot! The staff is amazing, Lindsay and Nicola are both so knowledgeable and friendly. I love that they focus on form and are motivating throughout the entire class! It's a tough workout, but I always feel so amazing after we're done. I am officially addicted!
5	My body has changed so much in a short time, just from doing the kinesis workouts!  The workouts are innovative, effective, and different every single time.  Plus Lindsay gives me nutrition guidance and constant encouragement.  I can't imagine belonging to any other gym!
5	I got tired of the gym and needed a different workout to get me motivated again.  This class definitely did that for me and then some.  I couldn't believe that after just two weeks of classes I could already see a physical difference!  Sometimes I walked away from the class exhausted from the tough workout and not more than 20 minutes later I had incredible energy!!  This is the best workout I have ever done and totally enjoyavle.  The trainers are really great.  Extremely motivating and push me to do my best every class.  First class is always free....so I highly recommend it at least once!  I promise you won't regret it!!
5	Convenient location. Flexible class hours. Trainers keep you busy entire time. Very personable. Great guidance on form. This is a MUST try workout. You will be addicted..... Helps with strength, speed, and agility. I also signed up my son during the summer to help during off season(sports). Prepare to sweat!
5	I highly reccommend working out at Kinesis Konnection. The workouts are fast and effective. I used my heard rate monitor when I did my first workout and I burned more than 400 calories. I love the interval style workouts and the focus on strength training. The classes are small so it is still personal and they will adjust anything to fit your specific fitness abilities. I am a big fan of TRX workouts and they incorporate those as well! Definitely check it out!
5	Great workout, excellent trainers/motivators, very clean facility and a centralized location what more could you ask for!  I tried the free class after a few of my friends' spoke highly of it.   I then purchased a package to supplement my workouts from my other gym.  The workouts are always unique they have never been duplicated and the workouts are tough.  Enjoying the challenge and core strength building!  Best of luck to Lindsay and the entire staff there!  If you have not gone I fully recommend it!
5	Absolute "nose to toes" workout!  The Kenesis workouts are so effective and will leave you feeling great about what you have accomplished.  Every workout is different which keeps you coming back for more!  I highly recommend spending some time with Lindsay, Kevin and Nicola.  You won't be dissapointed!
5	My husband and I have been going to Kinesis Konnection for a year now, and have never been so happy with a fitness routine. I go 4-6 days a week and sometimes even twice a day because I love it so much. The trainers are extremely knowledgable about the body and nutrition and are simply amazing coaches. We focus on good form and there is always one-on one attention from the trainers even in a group setting. What's really nice is that there are never really more than 7 or 8 people in the classes, probably because there are several times offered throughout the day. Sometimes it's even just myself or another person.The trainers are always SO encouraging and supportive. Unlike other gyms or studios, I truly feel welcome and comfortable there. Everyone who goes to this gym is so nice and accepting and we all have different levels of fitness. Everyone also has a great sense of humor. There's nothing worse than a workout that is TOO serious! We have fun!In a year, I have never once had the same workout! The variety keeps me from getting bored. We do high intensity intervals, circuits, strength training, and more. What really makes the gym itself unique from others is its Kinesis machines which are basically free motion cables that have an endless number of exercise possibilities. Each class is only 45 minutes long, too, which is the PERFECT amount of time. I am still just as excited to go today as I was on my first day. I continue to see results even after a full year and it's amazing that at KK there is no possible way to plateau because every exercise can always be modified to challenge each individual.
5	Kinesis Konnection is the real deal! They have a fantastic staff that are truly passionate and caring about what they do. All of their trainers are very knowledgeable and know how to push you to get the best workout possible.Lindsay is fantastic. She holds the staff to high levels of performance and goes above and beyond to take care of clients. They have a great variety of classes and options. They are always changing up the workouts keeping things creative and exciting. I love their classes and staff and would highly recommend them to anyone!
