3	I thought The Bookmark was a pretty cool bookstore to spend some time in while wandering around the uptown indoor shops. They've got a decent selection here, and were advertising some paperbacks on sale toward the front. True to their name, they did have some clever little bookmarks on sale for yourself or as a gift for someone who loves to read. And they've also got greeting cards for gift giving or just saying hello. Gotta love the fact that this place is independently owned, so you can feel good about supporting a local Charlotte business while shopping here. Just a sidenote: they will validate your parking for up to 2 hours! :)
3	I stopped in the Bookmark the other day while cruising around Uptown Charlotte. Kinda ironic: smack dab in the middle of Charlotte's corporate center (Founder's Hall) is this cute little mom-and-pop type bookstore. Definitely sticks out a little, but I found it to be a refreshing change from the Barnes and Nobles experience we've all grown accustomed to. I hadn't been in a smallish bookstore in what felt like years. It was good to be back. I ended up buying a large vegetarian cookbook (for the girlfriend) and a magazine. I felt like I owed it to the survival of small shops like this. Haha. Obviously the selection is pretty limited, but that's part of the Bookmark's charm. At least for me.
3	I used to stop in here fairly often when I worked Uptown, and now head in from time to time.  I give it an extra star because it is an independent, non-chain store, but -- measured against other local and regional independents -- this is nothing special.  Indeed, for an independent, it is light on charm and has little unique to recommend it: almost as if they simply took a Borders and jettisoned 90% of the books.  This is a simple, decent, independent bookstore that would be much better if the staff was a little friendlier (I find them to be mildly aloof and they do not go out of their way to assist) and if they bolstered their fiction, biography, and history sections just slightly.  I'm guessing the target shopper for this store is someone who works Uptown and wants to grab a book.  Fine if you're already Uptown and have a moment at lunch to grab a quick book, but this is never a store you'd make a special trip for (and I'm sure the owners are not aiming to be a store that people would head Uptown for).  The selection here is so skimpy that folks who stop by more than once every few months will find options wearing thin (and it's not like some other bookstores that have a thin, but very arresting and thoughtful selection -- this is just skimpy and slapdash).
4	The Bookmark is a quaint, locally owned bookstore in Founders Hall right in the middle of Uptown. I sometimes forget it's there unless I have to get a last minute greeting card (they have a wide selection) or if I'm bored at work and just need a break. I like to peruse the different sections of books they offer and they often have sales tables right outside the store. Anytime I've gone, the staff has gone out of their way to help find what I'm looking for.
5	Excellent bookstore! It's refreshing to meet a book person who is so knowledgeable. Cathy helped me find 5 terrific books amongst the vast selection BookMark had to offer. This bookstore is independently operated and a real treasure in Charlotte. My tired feet are evidence that this store is a one-of-a-kind bookstore in this busy city.This is simply the only place around Charlotte with such personalized and helpful "hands-on" book sense and no nonsense!
1	I appreciate small, quaint bookstores and I understand that the big box Barnes & Nobles can be a bit frustrating. But there's a difference between a "Mom 'n' Pop" book shop and a poorly-stocked one with books that pertain to a really limited scope of interest. I was in here early one weekday afternoon and I was the only person in the store. The few shelves of books they have at The Bookmark were somewhat sparsely stocked. The store has little atmosphere and seems out of place in Founder's Hall. I mean, I'm sure they could order whatever you'd like, but you'll need to wait a while and you'll also pay through the nose for it--publisher's price--because they do have to pay uptown rent after all. When I walk into a bookstore I like to be inspired to read and I want to be excited by what's on the shelves. I could spend hours in a Barnes & Noble just pulling interesting stuff off the shelves and perusing the pages. There's not really an opportunity for any of that at this place.
