5	I woke up this morning craving a breakfast burrito. Fortunately just 3 days ago, a menu was left on our door for Cisco's Grill (with some great marketing I might add). Conveniently located right up the street from my house, I've been curious about this place since they opened! I strapped on my shoes and walked on over... upon entering I was greeted cordially and placed my order for a chorizo and egg burrito with cheese... The cook went to work and 5 minutes later I was holding a fresh hot burrito and a complimentary pineapple water! Cisco came out and introduced himself while I was waiting and chatted with me for a few minutes. Its clear to me that he's very passionate about his restaurant! The service is top notch!The menu itself is fairly generic, typical burger and fries, tacos and burritos, but everything is so fresh and prepared well! I'd recommend this joint to anyone looking for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat!
4	I recently discovered this place while seeking out a place to have lunch while working in downtown Phoenix. Featured on an instant redeemable coupon app on my phone I decided to give the little guys a chance. Although slightly more expensive than a Mickey D's, its worth it. I got the "Frankenburger" which I believe was invented for shock value more than anything. It's a standard hamburger with the usual condiments but where it takes on a life of its own is the generous addition of ham. Not quite a cold cut, not quite a carver's select, but something in between. The whole thing is sandwiched between a bun (top AND bottom) that has been sliced and stuffed with with cheese. For a dollar more, you can order a half order of the self-proclaimed "Best" fries which is a sufficient helping of freshly sliced potato, fried and salted. Tasty, but being stuck in a Styrofoam to go box left them limp. I also got a Bean & Cheese burrito because they do claim to be a Latin American restaurant. I was too full after my burger, but by the looks of it, it could give any of the local "Bertos" a run for their money.
4	The food here is pretty good.  I have been here a few times and tried different items each time and enjoyed them all.   The prices are decent as well.  The people that work there are super friendly and it has a nice dine in area with a flat screen tv.     If you work near the state capital complex it worth stopping by.
4	This place is great! It's like a step above Filiberto's. Their menu prices inside are not consistent with their online prices though. Still worth it and still delicious! The people that work there are very nice, and the atmosphere isn't too bad considering the neighborhood. You definitely want to be careful when you're parking. The lot looks like it was extended and I noticed a couple of pieces of metal sticking out of the ground that could easily flatten your tire(s). They have a great presence on yelp, which is how I found them in the first place, and offer some pretty good deals for yelp users! If you're in the downtown Phoenix area, check them out. You won't regret it!
