5	The pizza is the best that w have ever had. The chef came from Rome and has been making pizza for 30 years. This place is not to be missed. located at the Summit, north Scottsdale right next to Blu Burger.Not only is the pizza great, but the pat a, chicken and the bread, which is made daily there .
5	We have been here 3 times already. love the atmosphere, and decor. The food is wonderful. The pizza is to die for. Great selection and came out perfect. The Pizza maker is from Rome and has been making pizza for 30 years.  The shrimp cocktail was outstanding and so was the Chicken.  We split a salad and loved it.  The calzone's looked great, but will try next time. This is a great place to go in North Scottsdale.  A great place to go for those of us that don't want to hear all that noise and kids running around and screaming. No TV's !!!, just a place to go and enjoy wonderful Pizza and enjoy the food.  Eileen M.
2	UPDATEW: Well sorry to say folks...but as a review update, I am dinging two more stars to what  I consider a truly sub par experience - while the service is warm and friendly Yes...the core of the food which is pizza is really inferior...I could not taste what was a Napolitan style pizza...it was so doughy and undercooked...and barely anything on it...as most of it was crust! Blah blah blah...don't believe the hype and go to Alberto's or Lamp who truly know their craft and can make a fantastic pie...I am really disappointed...On top of that, Italians don't really take criticism well. And while the owner is not Italian, he is still nothing but a narcissistic jerk...Bottomline...Teatro is a joke and not a destination for serious pizza or Italian food lovers...___________________________________________________________Nice environment, cute vibe, good ambiance music....LAMP Pizzeria is still the best. for pizza...with the best service until I testTeatro's pizza and Francesco's pizzaiolo skills..(See above)Sat at the counter and the bar was lovely adorned with a nice selection of wines, liquor bottles and espresso machines. Service was quick, efficient and friendly.I can't judge the pizza  as I ordered  the prosciutto panini which was good but not nearly as good as Stone and Vine's, Pane Bianco or even my own at home...The bread was lovely and tasted fresh...but why not Wow...? too much aioli in my opinion and no tomatoes which would have given the sandwich some well needed texture, juiciness and color...The arugula was a nice touch but not my favourite ingredient in a panini...It was served with Caesar salad which was nothing to rave about in my opinion. I also ordered the cheapest glass of red wine which was very good in my opinion.The restaurant was surprisingly busy for having been open only two weeks...Teatro is the sister restaurant of next door Blu Burger grill...they are the same owners...I am a fan for the vibe, the decor, the music, the decent service and prices..will be back to try the pizza...and pasta...and desserts...and salads...and maybe another panini...
5	Great new pizza restaurant! We were so glad to find a good local pizza and pasta restaurant nearby. We have always liked Andreoli Italian Grocer for casual dining but when. You live near Carefree central Scottsdale is a drive.  The pizza was great, very fresh ingredients and tasty. Average price for gourmet pizza. Pasta dishes looked good too.  There was a constant flow of people coming in and all tables were full. Many were repeat customers. We will definitely. Return and bring friends.
1	Waited for  assistance in a confusing layout . Saw an elderly gentleman who I sought out for help . He took my credit card and I waited again . He came back over and took the two boxes by a group of customers and told me these were my pizzas . Sitting there the entire time .  I waited again and sought the gentleman out and asked for my credit card back . At home I had two burned cold pizzas Terrible service and pizza
3	I will try again when they have so e time to work out the bugs.  Need some sort of children's menu.
5	Finally ! Great pizza in the desert foothills!  Real Naples style.  For the previous reviewer who thought it was burnt - It is supposed to be charred with leopard spots as it's seared not baked in a 900 degree wood burning (oak) oven for 90 seconds.  Nice thin crust in the center with traditional chewy crust handle. Super fresh ingredients..they also use flour and tomatoes from Naples for an authentic Napoli pizza!  Glad Francesco is here! Better than Pizzeria Bianco! Like that they offer a small side salad so I don't have to waste an entree sized one. The wine list is decent.. Full bar too!  Happy Hour specials. Fresh baked Italian  bread on premises ( can buy a loaf to go) Fun vibe. Hope they make it - the area is long overdue for this!!!  This kind of pizza better to eat fresh so it doesn't get soggy in the box on the way home!!
4	2nd visit and was just as pleased as the first.  The food is fantastic and I don't know what the negative comments were about.  My NY husband is finicky about his pizza and was favorably impressed with his pizza w/anchovies.  I love the eggplant panini and our friends more than enjoyed their pizza bianca with arugula.  Go early if you don't like the wait.  There are only 8 tables and the place fills up quickly.
5	Friggin bomb! This was one of the best dinners I had in a while. I highly suggest their moscato, salad d' bongi and any of the pizzas. It is a cozy, friendly, and authentic spot which I am now addicted to. The service was well timed and organized. Ahhhmazing job Teatro staff : )
5	I came here for the first time with a friend. We were really pleased by the great service from our server and the rest of the staff. The owner was very welcoming and friendly which made for a great experience. The food was just as good as the great service. I'm already looking forward to my next visit!
5	This place is really great. Authentic Italian food at its finest. The bread here is simply to die for. The pasta is good but anything that's baked in their wood fire oven (including pizza) is fantastic. Be sure to grab a loaf of bread to go as well!
1	The pizza was horrible. It was very undercooked, doughy and really unpleasant to eat. The salad & the pasta were ok. Service was slow and the staff was not friendly. Very disappointed as we were hoping for a good pizza place near home. We won't be back.
5	We just returned from our first dinner at Teatro and are just amazed.The food was perfection as were all of the staff we encountered.It is now definitely our NO. 1 place for pizza.You have to try it to understand the pleasure I am describing.Sara
5	Welcome to the neighborhood!  I am so thankful for a reasonably priced delicious neighborhood Italian restaurant!  I have eaten here 3 times in the past two weeks.  Every visit we were greeted by an enthusiastic staff and delicious house specialty bread!  Amazing. We have had the pizza, pasta and desserts.  All are top shelf.  I especially want to thank our Server Scott who not only recommended the most delicious items on the menu but also shared the history of the menu and restaurant as well.  See you next week!
5	Great place.  I like to frequent local restaurants and stay way from chains. This place gets it!  Cater to the locals that make you what you are.  Great pizza and great service. On my last visit, I went with a person who was handicapped. I was told there would be a 15-20 min wait. I explained that it is difficult for her to stand that long and if they could speed up the wait I would greatly appreciate it.  They jumped right into action and seated us at a table that was reserved.  My only complaint is that I would prefer fountain drinks and brewed ice tea as opposed to the bottled type they serve. Other than one very minor complaint the place is great.
5	Great pizza pies! Italian Neapolitan style out of an Italian brick oven. Delicious crust with unique creation of toppings. Awesome service and classy treatment from the owner that makes you feel appreciated to be there. My only, only gripe (if I had to have one) is the chef's ego...don't even think about trying to order a pizza with a la carte toppings or else "no soup for you"...lol. But the pre-selected gourmet toppings offer a great selection. Can't wait to go back!
5	Chef Fabio take a bow...direct from Italy...it doesn't get any better then this folks! The homemade pasta is amazing...the farro and cabbage salad with shrimp is out of this world and the desserts, all lovingly prepared by Fabio, are a little slice of heaven. Don't forget the crusty Italian bread and a glass of Chianti! You will LOVE this place.
4	Her Royal Highness came up with this spot and as pizza is one of the 5 key food groups, we decided to give it a go. There was only 2 other people in the place so perhaps I can't rate the service as how can you have bad service when you're the only one there?A nice, warm atmosphere and our waitress Megan was very nice. We tried two (2) different wood fired pies and both were fantastic!Now look, if you think Domino's or Barrow's is what pizza is supposed to taste like, then you're not going to like this place.They had a full bar and a pretty good wine list.We'll go back and hope you will too!
2	The owner also owns Blu Burger next door which is good. But teatro is a disappointment. Blah pizza, blah chicken dish. Service OK. I can't stand a restaurant that has its servers make the cocktails which seems to be a trend lately with restaurants that are trying to keep costs down. That's the wrong place to manage margin. Plus it's usually a bad drink.
2	Went to this place on the suggestion of a friend. The address says Scottsdale, but its really REALLY far North. It's Carefree. Anyway, after driving 35 miles from central Scottsdale to get to this place, we sat and ordered. We were starving and the waiter assured us our food would be ready in 10 minutes. We ordered the sausage pizza and some salads. 15 minutes later the salads arrived. Good, but not great. 25 more minutes and the pizza arrived. Again, good, but not great. In my opinion, there is no difference between this pizza and Barros. We decided to order their signature dessert. Again, just fair. Decent ambiance. But, unless you live in Carefree, there's no reason to rush here.
3	Stopped on a friends rec after receiving an email about the squash ravioli on special.  Asked for the rav special which I got.  Took home, found 6 tortolleni style ravs for $18.00.  No bread, no salad, etc. just 6 ravs for $18.00.They were very good, but too much $ for only 6 ravs.Will try again and eat in.
4	Another great, authentic pizza place in the Phoenix metro area!  We met a friend here for dinner last night and had a great experience.  The place was packed, which is always a great sign...so we had to wait around 20 minutes for a table.  The atmosphere was really nice - I loved the old, wood doors hanging on the walls.  The service was efficient, friendly and very attentive.  We enjoyed the margherita pizza, the tagliatelle pasta dish and a pizza with prosciutto, artichoke hearts, mushrooms and mozzarella...so delicious!  The pizzas are extremely large, so I took half of mine home and enjoyed it just as much heated up today for lunch.
5	Definitely among the best pizzas we've eaten in all of Arizona, and the $10 lunch special of a Margherita pizza and salad can't be beat.  Service was supreme.  We were delighted to have made the 16 mile trip from 90th street in Scottsdale and hope to get back soon.
1	Order ravioli with pomodoro sauce.  Arrived without my guest's meal.  Starting eating, the sauce was cold and the inside of the ravioli.  10 mins. When the second meal was delivered, I asked the waiter to take it back.  When it was brought back, it was warmer but no taste.  Sauce didn't have any taste.  The ricotta cheese/spinach filling was minute and tasteless. Got the bill.  Over $62. 2 salads and 2 meals.
3	The pizza is good but not Pomo good.  The restaurant has lost something when Fabio left.  He was the genius behind this restaurant.  It's exactly the same style as Pomo for those of you who are fans.  The decor is charming with windows and shutters painted so it looks like you're sitting outside looking in.Everything is good quality here but I would say that their pasta and pasta sauce, while better than most, is not up to Andreoli or Trattoria Veneto standards.  I would enjoy a nice appetizer and eat pizza here rather than go with the pasta.  Additionally, the wait staff are always friendly.  I'm not impressed with the maitre' d girls who seem clueless and not particularly friendly, but the rest of the staff are helpful.  I'm with those who are bothered by the prices.  If the owner is reading, we'd come much more often if it didn't take such a chunk out of our wallet every time we came.
1	I've eaten here several times.  Each time leaves me wanting something else.  The service is always slow. The staff is inattentive and our waitress was too busy on her phone to actually pay attention to us.  They weren't even busy - I think there were 2 other people there the whole time.  If it was busy, I could understand slow service - but it wasn't.  It was clearly a lack of caring and respect for the customers.  This is probably the 4th time that it has happened, so I felt it was time to write a review.  Everything we've eaten here has been very good - albeit over-priced.  My complaint is not with the food, but rather with the prices and the service.  They seem to be continually jacking up the prices on their menu - each time I am expecting to pay one price and ask about it, and they are usually like, "oh, we redid the menu" and then they give some lame excuse as to why the prices have gone up.  They used to have a $10 lunch special that was good and worth dealing with the poor service - but they have since removed the special.  The excuse they gave me when I asked about it was: that they needed their menu to be the same for lunch and dinner and the lunch special added to the daily prep...... It was a pizza and salad for $10.  Then, she informed me that I could order the same thing, the salad and pizza separately (for an extra $6 vs the special)....... So, no, not really any extra prep.  I own several restaurants, so I knew it was a poorly invented excuse to blame it on the prep. It's like just be honest, and say that the special was temporary and they are not offering it anymore - no need to make stuff up.  Also, this restaurant is weird about accepting their coupons.  The owners also own the Blu Burger next door (which is weird, because service in there is usually much better than I've ever had at Teatro - but Blu IS still pricey).Like I said, the food is good - but unfortunately, their poor service and expensive prices overrides the good food.  We won't be back.
5	As a resident of Scottsdale for many years, I have seen some pretty sorry pizza places. The problem with many of the Scottsdale restaurants is that they cater to the pretentious residents and tourists. Well Teatro's was a find. Read about it in Phoenix Magazine and decided to try it with friends last night. It is a cute restaurant which is casual but welcoming. The bread is fantastic, you get slices of crusty bread and then bread that is like a pizza bread. They serve it with EVOO and balsamic. We ordered an appetizer of Nonna's Meatballs which were tasty and a delicious, smooth Pomodoro sauce. For our dinner we ordered two pizza's, The Pizza Buffala which is imported Buffalo Mozarella, arugula, prosciutto, parmigiana and EVOO and The Finocchio, Tomato sauce, pepperoni, mushrooms, Mozarella, parmigiana and EVOO. Both were delicious. The crust was soft in the center but had a wonderful crunchy crust. LOVED it We also had the Lasagna Bolognese. We liked this because there was not a ton of cheese but lots of meat sauce and great flavor. We also had the Calzone Napoletano, with salami, tomato sauce, cotto, ricotta cheese and Mozarella . It is huge and everyone loved it. The final dish was Pollo Arrosto. Chicken that has been marinated in EVOO, garlic, rosemary and thyme, served over a bed of sliced potato, carmalized onions, roasted artichokes and mushrooms. This was so tasty. Needless to say we really loved the food and casual ambience of this place. we had lots of leftovers which were just s good today. I give this restaurant a huge thumbs up. I will be back.....soon
1	Unfortunately the italian chefs are gone and the food has slipped. The pizza also seems to have changed and doesn't taste authentic naples style anymore.  The crowds have diminished too.Hope they get it together...it would be nice ho have a good local place.  Guess it's time to go back to Pomo in Gainey Ranch.
2	I kind of went back and forth on how many stars to give Teatro, but here's the deal: DH's lasagna arrived cold and though he did not complain about the sauce, when I got a taste, I thought the Bolognese had a weird consistency---way too fine, like they had run the meat thru a food processor.  It was also a little flat---kind of one note.  The male half of the couple we were dining with had the Tagliatelle and he seemed disappointed with the Bolognese sauce as well.  Now, the female half of the couple and I both ordered the gnocchi in a gorgonzola sauce with arugula and prosciutto.  Oh my gosh---that sauce was DELICIOUS!!!!  Unctuous to the tongue and full of flavor and you had the herbaceousness of the arugula and the salty-crispy-savoriness of the ham----sadly, the gnocchi were waaaay overcooked----I can't even describe how soft they were.  And I am a girl who does NOT like al dente.  But there was no tooth at all.  Jet-puff marshmallows have more density.  Well, maybe not if you cooked them in sauce...but do you get what I am saying?They bring a carafe of water to your table, but it totally had the chlorinated flavor of city tap water.  Can we say "Brita"?  Those little things matter!Anyhow, on the GOOD side: the house-made focaccia was very good, the salads very crisp and fresh, if not memorable, and I thought we received excellent service.  (And yes, the waiter asked if we were happy with the meals and so did the manager/owner, but I didn't want to come off foodie/bitch with some folks we are just getting to know.)  DH and I shared a Central Coast Pinot Noir that was on a Wednesday night special (all bottles half off) and it was pretty good.  All our dinnerware, cutlery, and glassware was clean.  My menu did have sort of an icky stain on it.  And the big wire thingie in the center of the table for folks who were going to order pizza took up an inordinate amount of room on a smallish four-top.The place itself is painted in warm colors, but they need to bring something in that will absorb some sound.  As the place filled up---and it did fill up!---it became very hard to hear the conversations at our table, and I would say none of the four of us are mumblers.  And I think there is a real missed opportunity behind the bar.  There's a place to set up a beautiful and lighted barback that would be a feature in the restaurant.  Instead they have some weird newspaper-y wallpaper and a Kmart RTA bookshelf with 6 packs of beer displayed on it.  So, I thought and thought...did the pretty good salads and a killer gorgonzola cream sauce and good service outweigh cold food, weird Bolognese sauce, and chlorinated water?  Ummm...no, but you know, with a couple of tweaks, this place could rock.  And I think the owner/manager cares, because why else would he have stopped at every table to check in.  And it was not a fly-by---he actually paused and smiled and made eye contact.  Like I said, I didn't want to be a PITA...I will definitely try again, because you can't judge on just one experience unless you find something disgusting, and everyone has an off night.But we still had a great time, so it's all good!
2	I had given Teatro a rave review after my first visit but had noticed when I returned with friends this month that it just wasn't the same.  The portions seemed smaller, the quality of the food was not as good and the cannoli's which had been excellent (and I still have family in NJ that own an Italian pastry shop, so I know a good cannoli) had changed the filling is now slightly runny.  The reason probably is Fabio, the chef, is gone. I saw him the next day down at the Downtown Scottsdale Farmers Market selling pastries and bread. He said he'd been gone a few months. Very disappointed to no longer have this neighborhood gem. No wonder they weren't as busy.
5	We LOVE this place!  The wood fired pizza is perfection. Tasty and chewy, just like it should be. Awesome salads, too. My fav is the Antipasto salad. Owner and staff are super friendly and attentive. Best little place in North Scottsdale.
5	My wife and I had dinner here for the first time on Wednesday evening, and really enjoyed the whole experience.  We arrived early, around 5-ish, and so there were only a few other diners in the restaurant.   But from the moment we were greeted at the door by our eventual server, Luciano, we knew we were going to have a nice customer experience.   We took a comfortable table near the pizza oven so we could see all the activity, and started off with a nice bottle of Pinot Noir while we decided on our meal.  Since this was Wednesday, our bottle was  1/2 priced so that was a nice surprise.   Our server was GREAT!  Luciano had a big smile, was attentive and had a strong resemblance to Dustin Hoffman.   We ordered a salad to begin our meal and got so filled up on that, and the basket of warm, toasted bread that we ended up ordering one pizza to split between us.   Fabio "the pizza master" prepared a wonderful "Pizza Genova" cooked to perfection!  A little charring on the crust some thinly sliced Prosciutto and topped off with a bit of balsamic vinegar?  I especially like the hint of pesto on the crust. Excellent!We will be back again soon and hope to replicate our initial experience.
5	An intimate Italian restaurant with excellent very well priced menu. Meatballs are mouthwatering. Great Happy Hour menu. A nice place to relax and ease into the evening. Outdoor seating. Awesome. Check it out
1	I gave it one more try. Was craving a pizza and ordered a margarita pizza to go.  Guy who took my phone order was friendly and upon pickup.There were only 3 people working in the restaurant and only a few customers at 7pm on a Thursday night. When it was first opened it was packed.  I really wanted to satisfy my pizza craving. Unfortunately it was horrible. Literally took one bite and had to throw it in the garbage. Quality of pizza has really slipped.  Need to get some people who know how to make good pizza. It was great when Francesco and Fabio were making the authentic food.
5	Wednesday evening and just one open table which is always a good sign. Our server was very cool and attentive. We split the caprese salad as an appetizer that was delivered fast and fresh. The pizza Bianco bufula was  our entree, it was awesome. One of the servers " Todd" went out of his way to say hi, ask about our meal and invited our 5 year old son to the kitchen to pick a cookie. The atmosphere is fun and kind of eclectic. Great food and experience and can't wait to try some of the pasta dishes.
4	3rd visit.  Friday nights are busy at 7pm.  We made reservations, so no problem.  Seated immediately.  From the time we arrived to the time we were served was just shy under an hour.  Really?  There is only one waiter and another to help serve.  While it is a small restaurant, they could hire one more server.  The good news is we all ordered pizzas which were delish and cooked to perfection.  The pizza primavera is chocked full of veggies and balls of mozzarella.  Pizza bufalo is pretty with arugula on the top and prosciutto below; a bit on the bland side according to my hubby.  The waiter was very pleasant.  It is chilly in there so take a wrap.
4	Good service. Nice but simple ambience. Family friendly. The Finnocio pizza is really good. Wine selection is also quite good.Same owner as Blu Burger I believe.
