3	Killing time after dropping off a movie at Blockbuster, I decided to find some place new to eat. As a rule of thumb, any of the ...berto's are best left for the end of a heavy night's drinking. But this was 11 a.m. on a Saturday morning and I was stone sober. With a bit of apprehension, I decided to give it a shot. Besides, I'd only my intestinal fortitude to challenge. After being impressed with their large, and vastly photo-depicted, menu, I opted to keep things simple with a breafast burrito. Bacon, eggs, potatoes and cheese. Nothing out of the box, conceptually. But what do you expect from a ...berto's? How about some of the freshest tasting eggs, strikingly flavorful bacon and a tortilla that wakes up your taste buds? Yeah, it was rather surprising. And I didn't experience those post-berto's blues anytime afterwards. So, I'll be making it back here.
4	I live right down the street from Julio's. I have been eating here for all most 3 years, and have been disappointed only once. Other than that though, the food is great for being "fast-food". I especially love the walk-up counter. If it wasn't for that counter, I would have never tried this place. I mean, where else walking distance, can you find this? McDonald's and Subway don't allow dogs in their establishments, however, when you have a walk-up counter, that rule doesn't apply. Great for when I am walking my dog in the early mornings or late evenings.
1	Never again! I specifically ask for street tacos. I got 4 HUGE tacos with no flavor and loaded with water down guac! The Horchata was (is) HORRIBLE taste like, soured milk. First and LAST time. What a waste of $13.00 BTW I give it NO star I accidentally pressed the start and I can't take it back :(
4	Oh, Julioberto's how I appreciate thee.I live down the street.  I am white, lower middle-class, educated, a 15 year veteran of the food service industry and a bit of a food snob (read:  fast food frequently isn't entirely made of FOOD) so believe me when I say that this place is the real deal.Yes, the humans who work here occasionally make mistakes.  They will also rectify their errors if they are made aware of them.The food is consistently fresh and delicious.  I've been advised by people of the culture Julioberto's represents that it is a spot-on example of home cooking, Mexican style.The drive-through makes it easy.  They have patio seating which only does anyone any good during the tolerable months (Oct - April)Yes the building is old and shows signs of wear - they spend their efforts and money not on superficial things but on the food that goes out the window.Don't listen to me, or any of the others - go try it for yourself  and make a decision THAT way... the only way that's really valid.PS the pork adobada is divine.
5	We were traveling thru Phoenix  looking for some Mexican food  and just happened to see Juliobertos . So we stopped and ordered and were very pleased. I've never had such good Mexican as I had at this place. I just regret that we don't live nearby so we can have it more often. Thanks to the chef!
5	I'm going to agree with SK. I live real close and I've been raised on Authentic mexican food and this place is great. I'm also in the food service biz, experienced some fairly frightening/disgusting things, but julioberto's $1 taco's are my favorite in Phoenix. Favorite taco's. not cheap tacos, favorite altogether! I've been coming here for years and have yet to be disappointed. When my order has been messed up, they were quick and happy to correct it. I'd drive here, but I'm lucky enough to be able to get there in less than a 5 minute walk.
4	I admit, I'm a regular here. It's on my way home from work and they have taco specials on certain nights. Some things they just do better and more authentically than other Berto's. Lengua, Tripas, Machaca, Menudo. I just crave it! And they always remember me and if they think I might show up, they save my favorite for me because it's so good, it goes fast! fast! fast!!!!
