4	I was moderately impressed by the Blu Pool at Bally's.You don't have to stay at Bally's to swim at Blu, but there is a cover charge if you're not a guest.Although it was busy, lounge chairs were readily available.  This is usually an issue at Vegas pools.They had a DJ, and he was actually playing some decent music that got the swimmers hyped up.The weird thing was that a lot of people there were super social.  No, like overly social.  It seemed everyone was talking to and/or dancing with each other.  Young and (very) old frolicked and splashed around together, but what was the relation here?  Well, it turned out if you looked closely, there was a mid 40's couple who were the life of this make-shift pool party.  They were talking to and/or flirting and dancing with everyone who came anywhere near them.  It was interesting to watch, but I elected to stay at enough of a distance to avoid recruitment.  Call me crazy, but for some reason I just wasn't in the mood to hop around and flirt with the old lady staying down the hall that day.  More power to those involved though.  It made for some good people watching!
4	I'm not a pool person but I felt like one after spending my afternoons here for my Vegas trip.Our group hung out in the temporarily-non-jetting jacuzzi (which worked out beautifully). It was a large area and we had enough space to sit or lazily swim around.We were able to relax. The top 40s music blared nicely. We didn't encounter any overly ambitious people looking to dance or get up on any of us, a nice plus. The most surprising thing was the affordability for a bucket of beers. 5 beers for $20. Compared to most places in Vegas, that's a pretty good deal.The service was always friendly.All in all, I'd go back to this pool. I liked it.
4	I was pleasantly surprised and kind of loved the pool at Bally's. It was not laden with douchebags and ho's, which was a plus. It was a really laid back, comfortable attitude there. The music was kind of random, but it worked. With two pool areas, it was never overcrowded, and the cocktail waitresses were pretty awesome. Try the wet dream cocktail...YUM. Yes, the big one is $19, but it's the best damn wet dream you'll ever have.
4	aahhh nice day.. by a nice outdoor pool..  lots of chairs! :)
4	So the music is top 40 and loud, not my favorite but on a hot Vegas day, with the right people it seems to be just right... The waitresses are super sweet and fast. And the people in the pool, super funny with their beach balls and "dancing".So this place isn't anything like "Wet-Republic" or "Tao Beach" but I think that is exactly why I like it. No pretentiousness/doucheness.Oh yeah, and it's free. Not to mention they have happy hour...
3	Ok, like, Bally's has some misleading signs.  They were advertising 'happy hour' at the pool from 4-8...which included 1/2 priced drinks.  Too bad the bartender looked at me like I was crazy when I asked him about it!  I think he felt sorry for us and just hooked up the deal anyway.  Drinks here are $12!  Totally NOT worth the full price, but if you're lucky enough to score the 1/2 priced deals, THEN it's a pretty good special!  The pool was surprisingly empty around 5 on the Sunday before Labor Day!  Where was everyone?  Hmmm.  They have private cabanas you can rent, which was really nice and very Miami-esque.  The music, though, I could kinda do without.  Too much house/techno for that early in the day.  More hip-hop please.
2	There really isn't anything absolutely wrong with this pool, but the experience here was just plain strange! My friends and I stayed at Bally's over Labor Day weekend, which may be the reason for the strangeness. They had a DJ playing Top 40 music and there were tons and tons of goofy looking young adults disgustingly hammered. There were girls dancing in their underwear turned bathing suits and douchey men smoking in the pool; it was just disgusting and trashy!  I get it's a pool party, but...a very strange crowd. I felt bad for the handful of families trying to relax at the pool. Hopefully, this was just for a busy weekend. Besides the chaos, the pool has everything you need for a relaxing day outside.
4	Like others have much this is a fun sociable experience. The music was on point and I made "friends" quickly. Not sure if it qualifies as a day party. There was everything from little kids, to very grown folk but it was FREE (on Friday). And at least I had a great time.
4	Hmmmmmmmmmm  Been coming to ballys for years, haven't been back in the summer for a bit though. Went over the last week, pool was HOT, at 7 every night they turned the cold water on for an hour, but when its 110 outside and 95 in the pool it sucks.I think they need to re-do the pool area, put some trees around it and build some shade so the pool and people can cool down if needed.  Who wants to stroke out in a pool? My son and I had a good time, we brought a foot ball and played catch in the pool.  Deep end is 12ft with no diving signs posted, my son is 10 and that pissed him off. OH and for a con, bring your own towel, the ones they provide are like sandpaper rough. Didn't drink anything from the bar this trip, cocktail server wasn't friendly enough to come ask me, and I wasn't going to walk through the sun to the bar :)
3	Do you work at Bally's?  Look at your physique...  This place is a nice place to relax and drinks are cheap.  It's just not that big of a pool.
4	I really like how deep the pool gets..... Pool isn't heated though...Lots of lounges.....BUT.... Be careful. I got stung by a bee here.Thanks to the hotel associate who called security and paramedics for me! and for giving me some ice and ointment and a band-aid. you are sweet.
4	After eight days of work it was finally time to hit the pool, but this was going to have to be a fast visit because my flight took off in 3 hours.There was a nice crowd enjoying themselves. I grabbed two towels and started searching for a chair. Luckily I was flying solo because it is easier than if I had an entourage. I was able to grab a chair near the main door. I settled in and laid back. After a few minutes I realized my right ear was hearing the J. Giles Band and my left ear was listening to some Bob Marley. There was a DJ spinning near the bar and he was playing the cool reggae music.I had to laugh because this is Vegas, isn't there a guy to flip the switch to turn off the piped in music. I wanted to tell someone but the unhappy waitresses walking around selling drinks didn't seem to really care, so I ignored my right ear.The pool is old but still fun. There is a bar that is shaded with a nice roof. So if you want to get out of the sun and have some food or drinks it is perfect for that.The chairs are kind of like those very old chairs you would find at a roadside motel pool in the middle of nowhere. The pool towels were also those old school towels with the giant blue racing stripes on them. You know the towels that say, "Steal me and everyone will know!" Maybe they are originals from when this hotel was built? I have no idea but they all served a purpose which was to have 45 minutes of sun, after my long week.As I laid there looking up at the big beautiful sky and very tall palm trees, I thought of escaping to an island paradise. Just then a plane flew over my head and I realized that it was time to end this pool party and grab a taxi to fly!!!
1	I bought a groupon for Bally's pool while myself and my parents were visiting Vegas with my 4 year old sister. It was one of few pools that were not 21+ that people who were not residents could visit (for an admission fee typically).My experience with the staff was less than satisfactory. I called before I purchased the groupons to make sure that I would be able to use them the same day day I purchased. They confirmed that I would, and said I would need to print them out rather than showing my app like I normally do. I asked if there was any way around that because I did not have quick access to a printer. She put me on hold, asked 'someone' and said "Yes thats fine we can just write the voucher numbers down. Let me take your name down, my name is ______. Just in case I'm not here I will make sure that whoever is here knows."That was not the case when I got there. Initially, the girl I actually spoke with was on the phone when we all got there. She and the towel attendant told me to grab as many towels as I needed and go through. They weren't going to charge me the standard $10 admission fee, nor were they even going to check my groupon. So why did I buy this groupon in the first place if they were just going to let me in free??? But I told her I was the person who called, so she grabs her manager, and the manager comes over saying I need to print them. I told him about my conversation and he said "sorry, we have to have them printed." They told me I could go back up to the business center (about a 10 minute walk) and have them printed. ($3 fee) - I asked them to please let the rest of my party go through so they wouldn't have to stand here while I took care of it. They almost seemed hesitant to allow them to but thankfully they did.At this point I'm frustrated and asked why she was going to just wave me in without checking anything or charging admission before I reminded her I was the girl who called about the groupons...she completely tried to backtrack and say that she waved us in because we showed her the groupon app. First off, she was on the phone and I am so positive that she didnt even take a glance at my phone let alone holding the groupon app up. I was too far away, and she was on the phone. Her towel attendant was certainly to far away to see what was on my screen so I don't believe that for a second. And even still, if she was initially going to wave me in having shown her the groupon app (assuming she did in fact see it) why is it that when I said "I'm the one that called" she had to call her manager over?? What would be the difference when you said that I wouldn't have to print them out, what did you need your manager for??The pool itself is pretty mediocre compared to the rest of the pools in vegas. It was appropriate enough for my parents and 4 year old sister however so it served its purpose. Lots of older people, old lawn chairs....just mediocre.I will NOT return.
3	"Oh, Bally's.." (imagine a begrudgingly endearing, semi-mocking tone) was the motto of a recent (late April) trip to Vegas. The room was subsidized by a school fund, so I wasn't expecting luxury; the beds were plush, rooms spacious, and enough mirror space for three 22-year-old girls to get ready in comfort, and that's really all we needed. Having stayed at the Palazzo with my mom a few months prior, it paled in comparison, but again, mom's discretionary funds versus FREE LODGING IN VEGAS paid for by school. I cannot complain.My best friend and I had two objectives for this extended weekend Vegas trip: get tan and have fun. With these criteria in mind, we spent the vast majority of our wake hours at the Bally's pool. In effect, we woke up, put on our bathing suits, bought a drink to avoid the coming hangover, and laid out until it was too unbearably hot to do so, at which point we got in the pool. Repeat for three days, and she was brown, I was slightly less pale.The pool was very much passable, not phenomenal, much like the rest of Bally's. The pool area is spacious, with plenty of pool chairs to find a small bunch near each other in prime sun. There's a large main pool (very cold on first toe dip, but refreshing once that Vegas sun kicks in), and a smaller, warmer pool that would probably be cool to hang out in were it not for the very PDA-y 40-60-year-old couples. The crowd was older and, to be blunt, less hot than I expected (friend and I definitely stood out amongst the masses) - but this honestly ended up being something of a positive as we could tan on our own and pretty easily weasel our ways into free drinks without having to compare ourselves to the 6-packed, super done up girls that end up at the trendy pool parties. Poolside bar is convenient, if a bit pricy, but it's Vegas, so it seemed fairly standard; taste-wise, I would definitely recommend the hard lemonade. The "DJ" was pretty laughable; pre-made sets of top 40 with some oldies mixed in and not much of a presence.All in all, a pleasant spot to day drink and tan with the best friend. And a constant reminder that most tattoos do not age gracefully.
4	We look forward to pool time when we visit  Vegas 2x year but we don't look forward to crowded rowdy pools which is what Vegas pools have become. But Blu Pool is a grown folks low key vibe. If u r looking for the 20 something T&A, this is not the pool for u
1	The venue itself is ok, but I have major issues with the staff and service provided at the pool. I very rarely draft a negative review, choosing to focus on positive experiences on Yelp, but this was bad enough to compel me to share my storyI went to Blu with three on Saturday morning. After being at the pool for roughly 30 minutes, we decided to grab a drink from the bar since it was already 90+ outside in Vegas. My girlfriend and I manage to get a drink with no incident, but the staff gave my friend issues. My friend is a young looking 22 year old asian male who was completely sober and carrying 4 forms of identification, as well as his credit cards and such. At first, his bartender (Nacho is the gentleman's name) refused to serve him a drink because "he looks 16" and his ID looks fake. Nacho failed to understand that California had begun to issue new IDs and when I showed him mine as well, he still refused to serve my friend (who also showed them his expired license and his school IDs at this point) Frustrated by the idiocy that has occurred up to this point, I grab the closest Pool Manager (Jackie is her name) and begin to explain the situation, expecting some sort of apology/explanation for her staff's incredibly rude behavior. As Jackie begins to look at the ID, she too believes it is a fake and refuses service to my friend (she says the proof that it is fake is that he still has his old license, but the manager of the pool can't even figure out that CA does not share NV's policy of taking expired licenses from you prior to issuing you a new one) At this point, I'm rather livid and call over the armed security at the pool. As he looks at ID I explain the situation, again providing my own ID to authenticate the ID. As I'm talking to the officer with Jackie standing by me, Nacho comes over and begins to tell her his story. At this point, no member of our party has even raised their voice, let alone cursed. Once the officer realizes the ID is in fact real, he approaches the bar to tell the staff that it is a real ID and that they should serve my friend. Even after the verification by their own officer, THEY STILL REFUSED TO SERVE HIM. At this point we all left, knowing that these people we incapable of being professional in handling the situation and had egos that were far too big to allow them to admit that they had made a mistakeThis experience nearly ruined my entire trip to Vegas. My friend fully understands that he looks younger than his age, but no one should be put through this type of public humiliation when they are proven to be completely in the right. I will no longer be staying at this hotel, despite the quality room and decent rate. Thank you Nacho and Jackie for destroying all the faith I had in the staff of your hotel. Please educate yourself as to what state identification cards look like so hopefully this will never happen again.
4	Oh this was fantastic! I had been doing my homework and research so extensively about which of these hotel/casinos had the pool I was looking for. It was actually all the poor reviews about the Flamingo pool, which we decided to move our reservation from Flamingo to Ballys. Glad we did. The crowd was a bit mature... No problem! The music wasn't as loud! No problem! Although there was an actual DJ starting on Thursday... Which was actually a nice mix up from the piped in stuff. The staff was attentive and quick with drinks and food. Some of the girls even get in the pool and chill in the cabanas with you! The scene was overall pleasant. While yes, it may need some TLC, and it doesn't compete with the trendy cabanas and newer pool decks (I wouldnt give fewer stars just because its older),it is still a great pool for those looking for sun and quiet atmosphere. Four stars only because I noticed the same trash in the planters all week- Monday thru Thursday.
4	This place is pretty chill pool. I went by in the afternoon to check it out and actually took a dip around 7p (an hour before they closed)[+] there's a dj during the day so it's a pretty nice (and free) pool gathering[+] there's many areas for groups to chill poolside or in the water and still be able to talk[+] the only lifeguard left at 7p was very friendly and was willing to talk to us[+/-] half the pool is closed off at 7p[-] It's such a far walk from the elevators!It was still a pretty nice place to chill. Maybe I'll come back during the day next time! I just wish it wasn't such a far walk ): ME LAZY. aha
3	My group had such a great time here! We came for a bachelorette party and rented a cabana to ourselves, which was so worth it! A bit pricey but paid off. Plus they has lots of great drink specials going on all day. Our waitress was amazing. Super friendly and quick. Towels are provided and the DJ was good!The reason I gave 3 stars is because they accidentally charged my card twice. Luckily I caught it quickly and it was refunded. Although very inconvenient.
3	An older pool that could use some repairs and new lounge furniture.  It doesn't have the pizazz of some of the other places on the strip, but at least it isn't too crowded!  It does take FOREVER to get there from the hotel rooms, which was a pain.  Oh, and there's a lovely view of the Parking Garage...
4	Do not go here if you are looking for a pool party. This is only a hotel pool. I like that it was not crowded. The pool is not dirty. There was a mixed crowd. There were chairs available even on a hot Summer Day. There was a DJ pumping music. It was nice jumping in the pool, enjoying music, and relaxing on the chair.
3	Pool seemed just ok an average pool I guess but not so average on the strip. The monorail oversees the pool. The guy at the counter told me that if I'm a guest at Bally's I can go to any pool under Total Rewards. Just looking from my window Paris' pool seems better. I wonder if they have a hot tub.
3	Came to take a dip in the pool on a hot summer day, without having to spend big money on the crowded Marquee Day Club.The water was warm and clean and towels were provided. The DJ playing hip hop/electronic music wasn't very exciting and had poor transitions.Coin-operated lockers were available and the beach chairs were clean.
4	The music is great, the pool is very large and goes up to 12 ft. We went to a pool club earlier in the day and found out we had to pay to use a chair but Blu Pool has plenty of chairs. No cover if you're staying at Bally's. The best part was the fact that they have a drink with Nerds in it! My favorite candy! Along with cherry vodka and red bull, it was delicious.My ONLY complaint: no hot food. I was craving some French fries bad. They did say we could bring food in from outside (there's a Nathan's and a Johnny Rocket's inside in the hotel food court, a one minute walk from the pool entrance).
5	great pool!  i really enjoyed the crowd and the music at this pool.  all of my friends and i are in our 30's and we didn't want a 'douchey' pool where we felt self concious about our bodies.  blu pool at bally's was not this place and we couldn't have been happier!  the music was great!  the people were of a variety of ages and body types.  waitresses were friendly and prompt.  great drinks!  fabulous Vegas pool experience.  i can't wait to go back!  thanks bally's :)
4	We were staying at Bally's and spent some time at the pool. It was great! The music was loud and FUN and while there was a party atmosphere it wasn't an obnoxious/frat house/douchey/stripper atmosphere.The drinks are SO OVERPRICED. Ridiculously so and what made me mad is that there wasn't any freakin' alcohol in it. I'm a total lightweight and I didn't even get a teeny tiny buzz off my $15 drink. My recommendation: sneak in your own. Much better and more cost effective!The pool is nice and cool and there are plenty of lounge chairs so even when it's crowded you can still find empty ones. There's towel service at the front and cabanas for rent (that have misters on them).Overall we had a great time at the pool, minus the lame beverages.
3	It's a swimming pool, straight up. If you're looking for a "Vegas-ey" pool, you best look elsewhere. But being a regular old pool, you get what other Vegas pools don't have: a deep end and an empty little corner with lounge chairs you can claim, just don't get the ones under the monorail.
3	Bally's pool is a nice pool with comfortable chairs, a good amount of umbrella tables and areas to sit in the grass that are naturally shaded. There are no outside drinks permitted so if you can get a backpack inside fill it with drinks and snacks. Drinks at the pool bar are about $10-15. If you have friends bring a football or frisbee to toss around, there is plenty of open space.
5	Came here on a Sunday with a group of 4 people. We booked a cabana via Groupon and we weren't disappointed at all. Checked in and was taken to our spot. Nice places to lay and sit, watched the A's play some ball on the tv. Only down fall was the cost to drink here. By far the most expensive out of our trip.. $34 for 5 pints of beer? Plus we didn't use our waitresses services because we wanted to use cash instead of a credit card.  Great pool though when you aren't looking good to do a nasty pool party and the people watching was Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhmazeing.
4	We went to the Blu Pool on a Saturday. There was plenty of room-meaning we noticed at any time of day no matter how busy, people coming in were still finding beach chairs. The pool has a 12 foot deep end which is really cool. Waitstaff was fast and very friendly. It would be nice to have a food menu-being we were there all day and locals, so not a hotel guest that can run and change to grab food. But they weren't stingy with that alcohol in drinks :) And there was a good mix in age range of people. Not a party crowd so it's not crawling with frat boys or overly drunk people. Also we had a groupon and when we called to make sure we could use it on a Saturday we were told no at first, but when we went they took it w/o any hassle. Was a great place to spend the day :)
