1	This store is not open to Haggling or making any type of  dealsOne of the salesmen is always Drunk lol There was a Problem with delivery - they wanted me to pay 25.00 because the salesman took that off, after an hour of negation or so-real extra petty! They then said they can just drop it off, instead of putting the items up as well, as they were supposed to do I asked to speak to the manager- Left me on hold 15 minFinally they decide to honor what was sold to me Driver spoke no English Left my door open, coming in and out with Dirty shoes trampling over the carpetThey left a bag of Nuts on the floor!!! Hope everything is put up right. They also left garbage all over my house, including dirty hand prints all over my furniture
4	Nice selection and willing to work with your on pricing, especially if you are buying multiple pieces and/or paying cash.  Delivery was available for the next day, and even if they had to special order it was only 7-10 days wait to receive.  Delivery man was on time, clean, and cordial.
1	The sales lady Elaine was very nice and negotiated the price, and told us 2-3 weeks delivery. Well 4 weeks later I still don't have a couch I paid over two grand for. They have been so rude on the phone to us. We understand that things happen, but where is the customer service? Never once apologized for the inconvenience, or offered to take the delivery charge off. They said last week that their delivery truck was broke down, not really our problem, again where is the compensation? We will definitely be going else where to buy any other furniture again!
5	Came from walker across the street. Much more relaxed and easier to think when I'm considering a purchase. Friendly. Big selection. Works for me
1	Well... After getting my delivery, not only were pieces missing that I'm going to need to buy myself to fix but I think one of the items isn't even the same I picked from the store. Either that or it was damaged more then when it was in the store. Yes, I only spent $200 but why would I want to go back again to buy anything more? Good ole Vegas business. Rip off just enough to not be a big deal but enough to make the customer feel cheated.
1	Figured I'd give this place another chance. Friend wanted some furniture and i needed a new bed. Paid in cash for a new bed. They didn't want to deliver to my place. My friend still wanted his bed. I figured i would just rent my own truck and transport his and mine and save money anyways. After getting everything organized, and showing up at the store bright and early, the lady tells me we need to go to the warehouse. Not during the 2 hour process did anyone say i needed to go to the warehouse. My friend agreed. No one said that. Only a few miles away, no big deal. Inconvenient and costing me per mile in the rented truck but....anyways. Go to the warehouse, pick up the beds, drop them off, drop off the truck and get home to crash on my new bed...only problem...it's the wrong bed. Congratulations! This company just made my list for never again.
2	I'm not commenting on maximum discount and their employees or furniture.  What I'm reviewing is Acceptance Now located inside maximum discount.  DO NOT USE ACCEPTANCE NOW.  They are a scam! They used to be called RAC and located inside Ashley Furniture across the street.  2 years ago my husband and I wanted to purchase furniture for our kids and the sales guy convinced us that we should finance through RAC (Acceptance Now) and that we could pay off the balance in 3 months to boost his credit.  LIES!! They do not allow you to pay extra or make a double payment.  They accept only the payment amount or a full payoff.. Also our bank pulled his credit and did not see anything from them reported on his credit report.We borrowed close to $3000 for the furniture.  Since then we have made 23 on time payments totaling well over $4,500 and still have 14 more payments to go.  By the time it is all said and done we will have paid 2.5 times the original price!  The real kicker here us that we missed one payment in December because of holidays and they are saying that if we don't make a payment by tomorrow.  They are going to take back every piece of furniture even though the payment is not yet 30 days past due and that we have paid the price of the furniture plus $1500 in their "fees" (they don't call it an interest charge)
