5	Zk grill is do delicious and fresh tasting! It'sy favorite restaurant in Ahwatukee!!!  The chicken and beef skewer kabob combo is to die for!
5	I've been here a few times already. If you love the Persian Room then I think you'll love this place. I normally get the chicken with half salad and half rice with a grilled tomato. They have a pomegranate vinegarette and a champagne vinegarette. I usually prefer the champagne. The tomato is just really outstanding and the chicken is moist, tender, and flavorful on a bed of fluffy rice. They also serve yogurt soda, which I've yet to try. The first time i tried it was at the Persian room which is very unique. They're really friendly here and very quick to make your meal. They only problem is get here fast, because they close at 8.
5	I eat here at least once a week.  The portions are very generous and the food is outstanding.  I usually get the beef and chicken combo and it is always great. Service is quick and friendly.
5	The food is soooo good here.  It's a bit far from where we live, but not too far from our church.  I had an Amazon voucher I had purchased awhile back and forgot, so we had to use it before October.  Today was a great day to use it.It's in a little strip mall with other eateries near it.  Not a very big restaurant, but pretty clean.  The portions are pretty big and if you come, you can share with someone or you'll most likely have leftovers.My husband ordered the Beef & Chicken combo - which came with salad, a rice that you put butter in it, a skewer each of tasty chicken and meat kabobs, as well as a roasted roma tomato.  I wanted my husband's salad, which I had a champagne dressing (like Italian) and my husband took my fries.  I ate his roma tomato, which was very delish.  This was about $13, I think.My daughter ordered a gryo wrap with fries (you can get fries or a salad).  The gyro was loaded with A LOT of meat.  She was stuffed.  There was a large portion of tzatziki sauce.  I think this was either $7 or $8.My son ordered a falafel wrap with fries.  The falafels were huge.  I think his wrap came with 3-4 falafels.  He loved this.  His came with tzatziki sauce, too.  I think this was $7.I ordered the lamb wrap and this had the least meat of all the dishes, but still was plenty for me.  I exchanged my fries for a salad, as my husband didn't have the choice of getting fries or not.  He could either have all rice, all salad or half rice and half salad and there was a lot of rice and salad on his plate.  My lamb wrap also came with a healthy portion of tzatziki sauce.  Mine was $9.The soda fountain drinks were a little bit overpriced at $2.49 for what is considered maybe at medium soda at McDonald's or Wendy's.  But, today we didn't care.We took leftovers home (we probably should have had more, but we made pigs of ourselves.  We did not have to wait long for our food.  The meats were all tasty, not dry rather moist with great flavors as all were marinated in delicious spices.I didn't know there was a ZK in Gilbert, so next time we can go to that one.We also saw other Middle Eastern families there, so this must mean to us that it's food good enough for them and authentic enough.  Very glad I chose to get an Amazon voucher.Also, service was excellent.  No complaints.  They were perfect in every manner.  The restaurant wasn't packed, maybe 1/4 filled.  We'll be back either here or one of the other restaurants and hope they are just as good.  Thank you!!
3	Very good chicken entree. They marinate the chicken and it is very flavorful and very moist. You can have rice or salad with your order. Champagne dressing is very delicious. They offer a free fried tomato but I nerves get it because it is not my favorite.
4	I go here every so often for lunch when I feel like I'm going to be eating something healthy (even though it's really not) the food is simple but it's good. They have your basic meats chicken steak ground beef shrimp that you can get as entrees with rice and veg and they also have those same meats you can get in pita wraps with tziki sauce which is very good. The only thing I wish is they had more sides for wraps like rice or veg. They only give you the option of fries or salad but overall good spot for some quick good food. Don't expect to get great customer service though, the staff isn't rude but they aren't outgoing and friendly either
1	I have previously eaten at ZK Grill but last week was horrible. The service by the counter help was atrocious. We were charged $2 more than the calculated total and were not given a receipt or explanation. The salad was old and wilted. I will not be going back.
