5	A small diner featuring a 3.99 breakfast special everyday (2 eggs, toast, and choice of bacon, sausage or ham, add red skin potato home fries for two bucks more, still a great deal for 5.99). Lunch has typical finer fare, burgers, sandwiches, wraps and fried finger foods. I had a plate of hummus, flavorful and filling, served with pita points. While dining there I saw a pretty awesome looking tuna wrap, a hand made burger, and a mouthwatering grilled Rueben all served with fries that looked hand cut. The signature sandwich is the "unconventional" Club sandwich, three layers if turkey, slaw, bacon, cheese and a chipotle sauce, sounds great! Another sandwich on the menu that caught my eye was the Pulled Pork. House roasted pork served with BBQ sauce, slaw on a Kaiser roll.Being vegan I saw quite a few offerings for us, a home made veggie burger, veggie pita, the hummus, and a few other offerings I can't remember at the moment. For the healthy breakfast they serve egg white omelets and egg beaters and oatmeal, and yogurt and granola. Soups, salads, sliders (are sliders the new pop culture appetizer?) and huge sandwiches. The Micro Diner is a welcome addition to Mt Washington's business district which has seen the Grandview Bakery, Packs & Dogs, and others.
1	Needed to try the new place but won't be back. Don't think it will survive long on the mount. Small inside and cold!!!!! Asked specifically if they used Breadworks bread and was told they did, but when I goy my sandwich it was on plain old square bland wheat bread. Very disappointing. Also the pepsi tasted flat and/or diluted. May be a good place to go after bars close and you're so drunk you can't tell what you're eating but I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Every time I go, I eat the same thing: Egg White Veggie Omelet, its delicious! It is cold when the door opens I agree with the previous post, but dont you expect that when you are in a small place in Pittsburgh? I additionally love that they open late hours on weekends... yum!
5	Had micro diner for the first time absolutely loved it that omelet w the lab sausage was fantastic my wife and I will be back and great service and clean hat what the mount needs thanks guys
5	Nice little place serving good breakfast or lunch. Also get to enjoy the cook singing while he prepares your food.  Fun place.
5	This little place is just perfect.  It gets the job done in a friendly way.  Food  has always hit the spot.  For the Mount,  it's our little piece of Mayberry!  Enjoy!
5	I absolutely love this place!  Heather the owner is a gem! The food is consistently good!  I recommend her spaghetti. She knows how to throw down!
4	Pretty darned small but big on tastey foods.We arrived earlyish and sat right down.  The menu is typical dinner fair of breakfast and lunch items.We went here for breakfast a few weeks back and I had a burger and my wife had a wrap.  The fries were exceptional.  Prices are also good. Server was friendly and it was her first day.The biggest drawback was that we found a bolt in the wrap.  Apparently they noticed that some cookware item, a pan or something was missing a bolt  and the waitress appeared immediately after we discovered it.  I would guess she was on her way to investigate our meals as soon as they found it missing.  Either way we were comped the wrap and we were not to taken aback by it.  At least they are clean enough back there to immediately notice something like that. They were very good about the whole thing.All in all it was a good experience and we wil lreturn.
5	Living on Mt. Washington, Micro Diner is our favorite breakfast, lunch, or 2am joint on the Mount. The food is delicious, the service is great and the price is fair. It's a small diner, but the food blows it out of the water. Everything we've had has been delicious! It's homemade, American comfort food at it's finest. All it needs now is a liquor license. I'm highly recommend the Micro Diner.
4	I was very surprised by the lack of enough restaurants in the most touristy place in all of Pittsburgh. Though I wasn't very impressed by the number of yelp reviews, we decided to give Micro diner a shot, as Amanda, our waitress convinced us that they had plenty of veggie options for us.They serve breakfast all throughout the day, which is amazing because, frankly, who doesn't like breakfast food? We got the veggie omlette and grilled veggie sandwich. The portion size is rather large and the food was great.
3	The Micro Diner is an enjoyable place with not much flair or theatrics. The food is passable but nothing to write home about. Our waitress was friendly but it did take a bit to get our grub. She was singing along with the radio which I found to be humorous and effervescent. Overall, go if ya got no place else to go.
4	While on a weekend trip in the 'Burgh, we ended up on Mt. Washington around brunch time on a Sunday. There seemed to be an endless amount of bars on Shiloh St., but not many establishments open around 10am. I'm generally a fan of diners, and this one ended up meeting my expectations. The breakfast food was your typical eggs, omlettes, breakfast sandwich, pancakes kind of fare, and the food was decently priced. I had a cheese omlette, which came with a side of toast and diced red skin potatoes. I was hoping for hashbrowns, but I'm pro-potato of any kind and they were perfectly prepared. My other half got the basic breakfast (eggs, sausage, toast, potatoes) and an order of pancakes. How do diners get their pancakes so fluffy?? It must be magic, because theirs were perfect. The decor was minimal and the space was small, but it was clean and unassuming. I liked that the kitchen space was open to view. Also, we must have caught the end of the pre-church rush, as there was only one table for two available. There are probably around 10 tables here, max, so I can see how there might be issues getting a table during a busy time. Our server was really friendly and attentive, and brought me a water with my coffee without me asking! The only negative was that my toast didn't come with any kind of jam/jelly, and there wasn't any on the table. I'm sure I could have asked for some, but I was so full of pancakes that I didn't really need my toast! This is a great place for breakfast if you end up on Mt. Washington and it's too early for a beer!
3	Very cute place! The waitress was pretty clueless, however. I specifically told her that I do not eat squash and that I would take the    vegetable as long as it was not squash. The waitress then proceeded to bring out an entire plate of squash. I was also given a very tough steak without a steak knife. But they are BYOB so that's cool!
4	Small but confident menu. The fries were outstanding, perhaps only cheesewiz could make them better. Natural cut and crispy. The Ruben was outstanding. The burger was gone before another word was spoken, and the Sirloin Steak wasn't the most tender, but made up with great, well-seasoned taste. I'll definitely be going here again, perhaps to try breakfast.
5	In town for the Steelers game and found this place for breakfast.  Awesome food prepared perfectly. Would recommend to anyone traveling to Pittsburg. Will definitely eat here again.
4	Quaint little diner hidden atop Mt. Washington. This is a great place to take family and friends visiting Pittsburgh after travelling up the incline. Relaxed atmosphere and layout. The staff are fantastic and knew a third of the customers - this tells you all you need to know. The menu was diverse and well priced with a selection of both healthy and hearty items.  Our orders came through quickly and were a cut-above standard diner food.
1	I ate an early lunch there today.  There were only 3 other people at tables and they had their food.  The waitress came over for our order and I felt was extremely rude.  My companion ordered his meal and before he was done she asked me for my order. When I asked him if there was something else he wanted she looked at him and rolled her eyes. I found that unacceptable.  The food isn't that good for that treatment.
4	Very nice little place nestled on the hilltops of Pittsburgh, a street down from the Monongahela Incline. It's a small 'old school' feel diner with a updated and fresh atmosphere. Diners were friendly, staff was friendly, free wi-fi (a bit slow), and the prices were friendly to my wallet and the food was good. Met a very nice couple sitting beside us and were telling us about some of the other sites that we may want to check out. This is a very nice little treasure! If you get a change to go, you really should.  Oh, yeah, the music they were playing was great!
4	Great breakfast place! And right now the street from the famous Mt. Washington lookout. After breakfast you can take a stroll on over and walk off those extra calories. Make sure to try their ham and their pancakes!!!
5	I have eaten here a few times & everything I've eaten has been so good. Their food is made from scratch & they use fresh & local ingredients & you can tell by how good the food is. Also I recommend their smoothies. They use REAL fruit not fruit flavored syrup. Not many places in the city use real fruit in their smoothies. Good prices, free wi-fi, great service & good music selection playing on the radio. Definitely recommend! Love this place!
4	This little diner at the top of Mt Washington was a great find. The service was wonderful, the food was tasty, and the prices were very affordable. I took my family to eat breakfast about 8am on a Monday. It wasn't crowded and a small parking lot is located across the street. I highly recommend this diner for breakfast at an affordable price and good sized portions.
5	I love the food @ Micro Diner. Everything I have gotten here has been delicious. They're food is so fresh, service is great, the food comes out fast & good selection of music on the radio.
5	I decided to eat here again since my last review and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Glad I did because all of my previous visits were good food and good service. I will continue to enjoy micro diner in future.
3	Local diner vibe. Local (limited) diner menu. Local diner food. The prices are reasonable. The food was solid. I wouldn't drive across town (next time!) for the food, but if I was in the area and looking for a quick bite, I'd definitely go back.
4	Very good! The staffs are friendly. Food is nice. The place is not big, but good to relax and enjoy food!
3	Cute and quaint little diner with pretty limited seating.I had the Macro breakfast with two pancakes, sausage, hash browns, and eggs cooked however. It was very tasty. The hash browns were crispy and delicious but the sausage was a tad overcooked. The staff was friendly when we arrived but not very nice when we called to see how busy they were. Whoever picked up said "we're busy" and hung up without another word.
