4	Body Technologies Weight Management Solutions is a company I was introduced to because of a 'Biggest Loser' type of competition amongst friends...My friend Tom W introduced a handful of us to this company essentially because of the BOD POD (which can be seen in the photo above).  This spaceship looking equipment uses special advanced technology to deliver a highly accurate, safe, and quick body composition analysis.  In other words, this machine gives you your % body fat, % lean mass, resting metabolic rate, and more...So, although Body Technologies offers all sorts of weight management and weight loss strategies, I've been to visit not only for the contest I was in, but just to keep my weight in check.  Orson who runs the company is extremely professional, knowledgeable, and I imagine if you are interested in determining and meeting weight loss goals, he can help you tremendously!The latest competition we're doing has a few more weeks to go, so I'm all about doing all I can to increase my lean mass and decrease my fat... please, no cupcakes at Lux Office Hours today!On a serious note, I recommend calling Orson if you are interested in taking control of your weight and your health!
5	I started going to Body Tech just over a year ago. I love the personal attention and customized nutritional counseling that I get from these guys. What they do here is unique. The Bod Pod provides so much (accurate) information about your body composition it allows nutrition and fitness experts to truly customize a program- no gimmicks or quick fixes here. I work out with my trainer 3 days a week and have seen some pretty amazing changes in my physical ability. My husband and I just finished a 4 day hike on the Inca Trail! I would highly recommend checking out all these guys have to offer.
4	This place is great! I was introduced to Body Technologies through a competition I was participating in with The Village Health Club - our pre and post body composition evaluations were done with the Bod Pod: a spaceship-like chamber that measures your weight, lean muscle mass, fat, etc. The best part is that it takes like 5-10 minutes altogether and is so super easy. My initial testing was done in a Bod Pod onsite at The Village and my post testing was done at the actual Body Technologies location, which was very nice, intimately sized, and seemed to have a range of good training equipment (although I wasn't there to train at all) The people that I worked with were extremely nice and accommodating. The information that the Bod Pod provides is really helpful in creating a plan of attack for weight loss, and after all of my hard work I really looked forward to getting the various levels of information from my final Bod Pod at the end of the 8 weeks I spent in the competition. I definitely recommend the Bod Pod at Body Technologies and would imagine that their other services are just as good.
