4	This is my new favorite frozen yogurt place. Their yogurt is amazing! Much creamier than other places around town. Their mocha yogurt and cookies & cream yogurt are delicious. But, the best flavor in my opinion is cheesecake. I thought Golden Spoon had the best cheesecake yogurt but this place has them beat. The only negative thing is that Yogo Yum doesn't have the variety of toppings that Golden Spoon or Tutti Bella have. However, they do have three flavors of Ghirardelli chocolate sauce to add on. They're located next to Cafe Rio so that's an added bonus.
5	Move over Golden Spoon, this place beats you hands down.  It is clean, and the toppings are plentiful.  They have a tart version that is really great.  They are self serve and you have a lot to choose from.  Chairs are comfortable and there is outside tables for the nice weather.  The person behind the counter has always been very friendly and helpful.  Give it a try and I think you will like it.
5	I have tried quite a few froyo places around town and after trying Yogoyum today, I have to deem it as one of the tastiest!My first froyo consisted of the following:-Cake batter-Pineapple tart-Taro-Mochi and shredded coconut-Ghirardelli white sauce-Whipped cream (one of the few places that have theirs out)And maaaannn, it was good!CONS-They don't always have the same yogurt flavors available; no taro the second time I went and that's one of my faves!-Not as many liquid toppings as U-SwirlPROS-Great customer service the both times I went-Store was clean and neat-$0.37/oz yogurt and toppings-They have a stamp card!-Very cool seatingYou guys have to give this place a try!
5	I loved frozen yogurt ever since I first tried it at Yogurtland, ever since then I look forward to ever frozen yogurt place I go to. First time walking into the business, good customer service, warm-friendly welcome. The area was clean, a good mix of flavors, and stuff to put on top of the fro-yo. I definitely recommend it, the service is great, the food great as well.
4	I really like the whole make-it-yourself frozen yogurt idea. I gave this place a try during work hours one day, and it was not busy at all. I tried the cake batter frozen yogurt and covered it with the Ghirardelli white chocolate sauce. Yum! It really satisfied my sweet tooth and didn't break the bank. I was actually surprised that my creation only came to 3 bucks.
5	A great place if you really, really are a yogurt lover!  My favorite is the original tart but all the flavors are great.  It is worth the trip and it is right next door to a great Mexican restaurant (Cafe Rio). I have tried them all here in Vegas but this is the best.  It is a small friendly place.  If you like real Yogurt, this is the place to get it.
4	Very yummy fro-yo! SO MANY TOPPINGS!  I will definitely be back!
5	I am so glad we decided to head over to this place after lunch today.  It is right next to a Cafe Rio and Carl's Jr.  The woman at the store was super nice.  The place was decorated very cool-like and it was nice and clean.It was my first time at a yogurt place where you serve yourself so I took queues off of my friend and with the woman's help I settled on the safe choices - chocolate and vanilla.The condiments were many, my people were few.  However, with perseverance we triumphed over the plethora of choices we came upon.My favorite toppings were the granola, FRESH strawberries and sprinkles!It costs $0.35 per ounce and mine came out to around $4.91.  The yogurt was very satisfying.  I actually left with a smile on my face.I am definitely heading back here again the first chance I get... maybe I'll yank my family out here tonight!One major perk is the nutritional cost!  1/2 cup of chocolate yogurt is only 65 calories!  I feel like I'm cheating, is this too good to be true?
4	Yogurt yogurt yogurt store with CUPCAKES!!!!!!
4	One of the coldest nights of the winter and I decide to stop for yogurt.  What was I thinking?It turned out to be a great idea.  The yogurt is very flavorful.  I had some cookies and cream and some taro.  The taro was exceptional.  I really enjoyed it.Since it was so cold and near closing time, I had the place to myself.  How convenient.  I'll come back when I don't eat so quickly so I prevent the staff from closing if they need to.  I'll also be back when it's warmer.  This is some of the best frozen yogurt I've had!BTW, it's no longer 30 cents per ounce.  It's something like 37 cents.
4	great spot for fro-yo. lots of yogurt flavors....taro is my fav. lots of toppings. i also love that its close to my place. super convenient for those times when i get a craving. =)
5	In the past week, I have been to three frozen yogurt shops, and I have to say that Yogoyum is the best!  Sure, they don't have as many flavors as the other places, but that doesn't bother me since I like to stick with the standards - Original Tart (my favorite), Vanilla, Chocolate and Cookies and Cream. Their yogurt is very creamy and tastes delicious because it's not too sweet or sour. I also think their Mochi topping is the best. Very soft and chewy! The Mochi I have tried at other shops were hard to bite into, maybe because the container was open and did not have a cover on it?The shop is small, but very cute, organized, clean and the employees are very friendly! I wanted to try one of their cupcakes that were nicely displayed behind the counter, but the employee who was working explained to me that cupcakes have to be ordered 24 hours ahead of time. Summer in Vegas is just around the corner, so I will be back here often! Oh, and don't forget to ask for a stamp card if they don't offer you one. You get one stamp for every cup of yogurt purchased. Collect 11 stamps, get a medium cup of yogurt for free!
4	I have been searching for a very looonngg time for an original tart in Las Vegas that tasted like Pinkberry's and this is the closest I got! Yogoyum's thing is European gourmet yogurt but I'm not sure what that means. Either way, the tart and sweetness of the original flavor yogurt is paired peerrffeecccttly and I never get any toppings on it because I feel it ruins the flavor. They do have other flavors for self-serve but not as many as Yogurt-land. This place is a must if you think you're a yogurt connoisseur!!
4	Went by this place a few times and have wanted to go in for a while but the location was in a shopping center I don't really ever go to.  But I was in the mood for frozen yogurt so away I went to try something new. Upon walking in, you really feel like its a place that you could really hang out and relax at.  A trendy place that had a very welcoming aura to it.  The same basic principles of self-serve yogurt applied here...Cup, pour, weigh, pay.  The only reason I'm really giving this 4 stars and not 5 is because the selection seemed a little lacking compared to some of the other places I've been to.  I'm someone that's picky and needs options especially when I can mix up my ice cream.  More is better in this case. Got my frozen yogurt and chilled out in the trendy chair and table and relaxed and chatted with my friend.  Never got real busy which in its own way is a good thing because it feels more like a well-kept secret (just as long as it stays in business), which can be hard this town nowadays.  All in all I would definitely try it again mainly because of the good price and the location compared to where I live.  However, if anyone from Yogoyum is reading....get a few more flavors up and running. Thanks!
1	Went here the other night and the store was completly empty and they were closed.  There was a sign saying they had gone out of business and the Cafe Rio next door also said that they were permanently closed.We only went here one time, so we will keep going to Cherry on Top.
