5	This park is much better than the Desert Breeze Park. It's a lot smaller but it's newer, so with newer you get nice landscape and clean, clean, clean. We only come here for the dog park. It too, is much smaller than the one at Desert Breeze Park. You can really tell that they take care of this dog park by looking at the fences (there are no holes), water supply (faucets WORK), and the fact that they actually have grass. The park can offer more sources of shade and some where to sit for us 2-legged folk. That's the only thing that I like better at Desert Breeze, they had a gazebo thing for shade and picnic benches within the play area. They have a picnic bench but it's within the holding-vestibule area type thing, but why the heck would people sit there? Aren't they supposed to be looking after their 4-legged children??? This last visit we made kind of upset me, one side of the park was flooded with water, yea, my Pup was fricking muddy going home, but that's what baths are for, I guess.
4	As other reviews have mentioned, this is a great place to bring your dog. There are 3 separate fenced in areas for dogs. One is currently closed, there's one for small dogs, and one for larger dogs. I've been here several times and most of the owners I've talked with have been friendly and responsible. If they see their dog getting too aggressive they'll pull them aside. However, there are always one or two people who couldn't care less. They're the type of owners who don't care if their dog is mauling another dog and don't care where their dog shits. They have bags there for a reason. If you see your dog drop a load it's usually common courtesy to pick the shit up. So, if you come here just watch your step.The whole park is pretty big. There are walking paths that stretch from the corner of Flamingo and Buffalo and wrap around to the east side of the high school. There are plenty of picnic areas with tables and grill pits, which are filled up on weekends. There always seem to be a dozen family reunions or parties every weekend.For kids there's a small water feature with a splash pad and various ways to get wet. There are also two sets of play areas, one in the southwest area of the park that has a toddler play area and a bigger kid play area. In the northeast section of the park is another play area for toddlers and bigger kids. Each play area has typical stuff you'd find at any park: swings, slides, tunnels, climbing walls, etc. The northeast corner is hardly ever busy, so if you want to avoid the onslaught of kids on weekends then head to that area.
4	I take my dog to this park at least 2-3 times a week now that he is fully vaccinated. He love's being able to run being that he is part beagle and I can't really let him off leash unless it's an enclosed area. The park is very clean and the grass is really nice and green. They rotate between three areas so that they can maintain a full area of green grass without holes of much "yellowing". There isn't anywhere to sit except a patio table in the entrance which as another reviewer mentioned "who wants to leave their dog unattended?". The park is small enough that you can run across the park quickly, if needed. It is still big enough for the small dogs to get their exercise without feeling too crammed in. The only thing I wish would improve is the lighting after dark, there are lights around the park walkway but no light shining in the actual dog park. I also wish there was a water feature that dogs were able to use to cool off on hot summer days. (the one at the park doesn't allow dogs)I would recommend that you keep an eye on your dog, while most owners are responsible and friendly, there are a few that really have no common courtesy (or sense!). I personally know two owners/dogs that are irresponsible and will not let my dog in to play if they are there.Overall I like this park better than Desert Breeze because it is easier to keep and eye on my puppy since it is a smaller and the people seem more responsible.
3	I agree with Joanne, my dog was a complete mess when we left... and she kept drinking the water that pooled at the bottom of one of the trees.  Ahh!  I complete mess.I do like this [dog] park, however, despite the minor annoyance with the water.  The people are friendly and the dogs aren't complete A-holes.  My dog has fun and she leaves tired and that leaves me happy.I don't know exactly what's up with the picnic table in the leashing area.  It would be nice to have little benches where us people-folk could sit.  The last time I went, there was a folding chair propped up against the outer fence... My thought is that I'm afraid it belonged to the old guy that goes/ used to go there in the morning. *pulls collar*... "yeeeh."  Anyway, it's a lot cleaner than Sunset Park, thank goodness for that.  And I love the fact that they have GRASS at the PARK... who would have thought of such a thing?  Although, for some reason, I have a soft spot in my heart for Sunset Park.
4	Great place to walk the dog, take a jog, or just hang out.  Wish there was more shading for the hot summer months.
4	This park is only about a 7 minute walk from my house, so I come visit a lot. It's a pretty new park, so it's still pretty clean.It does offer a dog park, which is sectioned off into a space for bigger dogs and a space for smaller dogs. I don't have a dog myself, but find myself there with my friends and there dogs. It has two different play grounds. The main one, is right on Flamingo - also offers water shooting out of the ground and what not. As well as quite a few gazebos surrounding the play place in which you can have a barbecue. The second playground is in the back, but is a lot smaller. Lots of grass, and offers two volleyball nets as well. I often find myself just lying in the grass cloud watching or reading a book. There isn't an insane amount of little kids running around outside of the playgrounds, so it's quite nice.On the weekdays around 2-4, many high schoolers can be found loitering around as this park is located right next to the Spring Valley High School. On weekends, many people are having BBQ's so be sure to show up early to try and snag a gazebo.
5	I'm a fan of this park, mainly due to the dog park portion.  The people that go here seem to be a bit more considerate than the ones down the street at Desert Breeze.  It also appears to be less crowded at Spring Valley as well, which is interesting since it is smaller as well.  The dog area is broken up into three sections: one for dogs under 35lbs, for dogs over 35lbs, and a third area that has always been closed whenever I visit.The rest of the park has a water feature for kids to play in, as well as several gazebos with BBQ grill areas.  I've been really pleased at how clean this park stays, since there have always been events/parties going on at the park during my visits.  With the park being 10 minutes from where I live, this is my go to dog park!
4	Came to meet up with some Yelpers at the dog park. They seem to have kept up with the grass here (they have 3 runs and it seems one will always be down for maintenance and watering).  It's fresh enough that my silly girl decided she wants to eat the grass here.  There's a good amount of dogs, but it isn't overly crowded and generally nice owners. I didn't really explore much of the rest of the park, but the place seems well kept. This is a way out of the way park for us to bring our dogs regularly, but if you have a dog and live close by, this is a good dog park option.
3	It's very spacious... but I can't really describe the capacity of it's spaciousness because I went at night.Full equipped with every active deed: vball, bball, playground, skating rink.It's kinda dirty, but it's an experienced park.
4	Sunday at the park with solin.  we went to spring valley park after searching for dog parks on the Internet and this park had the best recommendations. There are three fenced sections for different dog sizes. so I went into the small one since solin is  a poodle. (dropped at my doorstep) the area is very large' there were a lot of dogs and people at that time, large enough to throw Frisbees for dogs to chase. there's also a water fountain for dogs and dogie bags, not the ones you take home, this are supplied for your convenience so you can clean after your best friend, so please do so!   solin  had a great time! he went crazy all over the park like a kid in a candy store. he couldn't mark this place enough, I worried he would dehydrate.  hey! stop it! (my dogs' smelling another dogs butt) " don't worry " said the owner of the other dog, as she went on telling me  that that's the way dogs get to know each other. " The smell tells them everything about the other dog and they know right away if they're compatible based on the aroma."  Are you serious! I been using e-harmony! .......and she walked away....Great park for dogs.
1	We've been here several times to the kid's park. The people are... sketchy. We came here last weekend when my friend called from Mesa park saying it was completely packed. When we arrived, there was some sort of Asian High School dance troop dancing to Japanese songs which was pretty hilarious. The main park seen from the street view had a good amount of sketch, so we moved to this private back park that my friend told me about. It's all the way in the back with a blue canopy. When we got there, a little girl (maybe 5?) was asking me if I could push her on the swings. I did for a little bit and then asked where her mom was. She said that her mom's at home and her dad's in jail, and then she showed my kids that there was urine on one of the slides. We then booked it.
3	I go here for a walk from time to time, whenever I get bored at home. Sometimes the crowd is okay, sometimes I just want to leave ASAP. It looks small at first but there is a back part to this park. I love playing at the water play area. I'm a kid at heart so I don't mind getting lost in the middle of a crowd of 5 year olds. Picnics are also encouraged. I've had hangouts here with friends back in our high school years. Can't say much about the dog park since I don't have any :( As long as owners would be mindful of other park goers about their dogs demeanor I don't have much to complain. I have a traumatic fear of the canine, sadly. I'm only comfortable with those who are timid in nature (like my boyfriends'). The open grass area is also a fun place to lay around in, as long as you bring a blanket. This would be my number two choice if I'm not particularly enjoying Desert Breeze park.
4	*Dog park area review only*We've been slowly making our rounds trying out dog parks with our new pup. So far this ones my favorite. The off leash areas were nice and big and the grass was well kept. Water fountain/faucet inside the run, which was helpful on the hot days.  Lots of friendly dogs and their owners. A couple benches are available to take a load off while your fuzzy one frolics. Separate areas designated for large and small dogs, but we noticed not everyone goes by the rules, which is fine by us, our pup likes all dogs. As with most parks not all the poop is picked up and some trash is left behind, even though there are plenty of "doggy bags" and trash cans. But it is actually really clean.We haven't gotten to explore the rest of the park but it looks large with lots of amenities.
4	I find a lot of negativity in Vegas, and I feel I should point out that many places in the City have beautiful parks, designed and maintained by the city that are barely used! Aaaaargh.OK, whining over.I came her to exercise my girls Ozzy & Murphy, the Animal Foundations finest graduates. There are a couple of parks for pooches, big and small normal thing. The grass is green with no bare spots, typical dog park scene. Owners on the chairs talking, lounging around while there dogs are pooping up the park. was that another whine? Sorry but I use the dog park to get a little exercise with the pooches.I leashed up the mutts and took a little walk around the rest of the park. Great playlets, water features with a soft kid friendly floor.Nice park and thanks to the City for providing such facilities.
2	Dog Park Review only--People smoke and throw their butts there.Numerous people don't pick up after their dogs.The "grass" is pretty much dead.Numerous people mix the small and large dogs together which causes trouble.I have seen young kids playing there and end up getting jumped on or knocked down.I only go there because it's close to the house. I am going to look for nicer dog parks that are worth the drive.
4	Bottom Line Up Front: Smaller dog park with reasonable grass coverage. Two entrances make easy access. No shade to speak of, so be careful on hot days.Here are my star breakdowns:The first star (required) is for having a fenced in area to let rover / rex / sport / buffy / etc run until he/she is a reasonable companion again.The second star is for having great parking right next to the park, which is just far enough off of the main road to be reasonably quiet.The third star, pushing this review up to the "worth a re-visit" level is for having grass in a town known for pavement and hard-pan desert. Watch your step though, not all pet owners are attentive, and have honed their scooping skills.Ah, the fourth star, which separates this place from other compatible parks and makes me a fan. That star is given for having two entrances, a human bathroom nearby (though it is a park restroom, so ladies, use that roll of TP you keep in your trunk for emergencies.)What would this park need to get my fifth, most elusive star which would make this place  cool enough to flop on my back and wiggle for a belly rub? That would be a small bit of shade and or a wind block for blustery days. Add that and the fifth star is guaranteed!Go there, get some exercise, pick up your pooches poop, and please take your toys with you when you leave.
5	This dog park is really great! Me and my dog Marley have so much fun here! He meets new fun and energetic new friends to get his energy out with, and the people are always very friendly! I highly suggest this place! Bring a chair, a beverage, your favorite drink, and your dog's favorite toy and you can hang out there for hours!
4	When I used to live in Vegas, I would take my dog in the dog park, which is mostly why I would go there. The dog parks there are decently sized, with multiple seats and a water fountain. I personally like this dog park the best because of the grass (although the last time I was there, the grass was definitely dwindling.) another problem is that it could be sometimes dirty, but I put the blame on the lazy ass owners who can't be bothered to pick up their dog's poo. Anyway, my dog seems to like this place a lot, so everytime I visit Vegas, I still take her there. As for the rest of the park, it's nice and spacious. Lots of space and benches for picnics, barbecues, games, etc. There's also a children's playground, as well as a trail for running/walking. Overall, it's a nice park.
2	Came here in December with my cousin to have our dogs play. I've gotta say there are a lot of irresponsible dog owners that come to this park. I went into the small dog run with my cousin's pug and my 6 month old ACD mix and had them socialize. Minutes after I arrive, a lady comes in with her 50 pound pit bull in the small dog run -_-... To add salt on the wound, another guy comes in with at least a 40 pound husky. I didn't say anything at the time or leave because my dog needs to learn to socialize with larger dogs as well. However, this pit bull straights up attacks my pup and the owner is sitting on her ass eating cereal doing absolutely nothing. A more experienced dog owner then kicked this lady out and started to yell at her. As I start to think that it's okay now, the husky starts to aggrevate my pup cornering her and all. I then just left from the amount of bs that goes on at this park.Don't come to this dog park unless you want your dog to come out with behavioral problems. I now have to pay for training for my dog to overcome large dogs. Thanks a lot.
1	When I lived behind the park we were so excited for it to open. We walked over daily. I haven't been there in a couple of years. Today I visited and the park if dirty. The playground around is covered with nasty sticky stuff all over the ground. The splash pad sensors no longer work. When you push the button you have to wait for the water to come back on and it does not stay on for very long. There was broken water balloons and trash all over the splash pad area. The benches are covered in either sticky soda or ice cream. We sat down under the shade structure to eat lunch and it smelled like piss. I think this was our last visit. I'm sad how dirty it was.
3	Park is ok. Dog owners need to pick up after their dogs and themselves. Plastic bottles and cigarette butts left on the ground accompanying random land mines/AKA piles of dog poop. Better parks not far from here.
3	Its a nice dog park with lots of trash cans. Two wimpy trees are the only forms of shade here which sucks on a hot day.Not happy with the other pet parents who failed to pick up their dogs crap.All in al its a grassy area with an abundance of trash cans and no shaded seating.
5	I absolutely adore this Park! I have been here countless times since moving to this side of town. This park is well maintained and feels very safe. I often see patrol cars in the lot and most of the time the fellow patrons are friendly. Although I have used the play area, I spend most of my time in the Dog Park. I have two little dogs and one large dog. No one seems to mind which area they play in, unlike some parks which I feel I get a stare-down if I pick the "wrong" side of the dog park due to their sizes. There are sidewalks that make perfect walking trails and the park is HUGE. I imagine you could bring your children here daily and they would never get bored. The restrooms are clean here and it appears that most people pick up after their dogs.
5	Very nice and huge park! I brought my Lab Mix there last weekend and she loved it! Owners should really watch their dogs and be proactive in picking up their poop. Also, there should be shaded areas for where parents can sit and be comfortable.
4	I have only been here once with my boys. I have driven by this park for 2 years now watching the cool water play they have for the kids. I finally decided to get off my butt and take them. Their water play is so awesome. They have these massive shower heads and this "doorway" that has water shooting out of it. This is great for the kids in this hot Vegas heat. I wish there was grass and some big trees right next to the water area but there wasn't. I sat at the picnic benches in the shade. Wish there were bushy trees and grass!
4	Just took my dog for the first time tonight and it has a nice spacious walking/running path. Big park with lots of nicely spaced tables. My dog isn't into them, but the dog parks look nice. I'll check it out again for sure...
4	This review is for the dog park only and it's our favorite place for our puppy because it's spacious and clean (for the most part). There are three fenced in grassy areas for dogs: for big dogs, small dogs, and I THINK -- despite the signage being confusing -- the middle area is for both big and small dogs. Parking is plentiful and there are benches, trash cans, and bags for clean-up. The owners here are above average responsible when it comes to picking up after their dogs so keep up the good work!
