5	It feels weird being the first to review this Scottsdale fixture.  I saw the Roche Sisters (dont ask) here twenty years ago and something called the Capitol Steps last week.  Both shows were crowded.  I mean, where ARE you people?Maybe I'm the first person, under 80 and aware of YELP, to witness a show here. Could that be?  Capitol Steps was pretty geriatric political humor. Lots of bailout and Cialis jokes. Overheard in the foyer:  My teen:  Dad, I like politics but everyone here is, like, forty years older than me! Me: Sixty. And dont stare. But, hey, next week the SCFA calendar takes a decidedly edgier turn,  so listen up Yelpers. Performing Dec 4th is....Yo' Mama!Yeah, that's right sucka. Yo M...What's that? Oh. Really? Um...we have a schedule change to announce.  It seems that performing Dec 4th at SCFA is... Yo Yo Ma.  Sorry.  The theatre?  There are two. We were in the big one, named after Virginia Piper. Seats around 800. Steep incline. Reasonably intimate. Good acoustics. Attractive wood accents. It's quite nice, really. Feels new.  The second theatre seats a hundred and thirty, and in a bizarre twist of local nomenclature is NOT named after Virginia Piper. It's called The Stage, and is capable of hosting Dexys Midnight Runners concerts and Pauly Shore Film Retrospectives.  Simultaneously.Nice venue, inside and out. Really. Nearby free parking. Go. Have the veal.
5	Went to see "The Butterfly Garden" presented by the Italian traveling group TPO.  This was such a treat!  It was basically aimed towards a very young audience, so I took my 9 year old.  She absolutely loved it.  Very unique presentation preformed with amazing display of light, sound, touch and music.  They interacted with the children in the small and intimate setting, (we sat on cushions, on the stage, around their set), to assist them in their presentation of the life of a caterpillar/butterfly.  The technology on the sensitive mat responed to the actors movements & their actions were picked up with an over-head light projection sensor as well.  It's too bad they were only in town for a few days because I think anyone who missed bringing their minion to this specail treat really missed out on a very cool production!
4	I attended Ignite Phoenix #8 here last night. It is a wonderful modern venue with excellent acoustics and seating for around 1000 people. I also hear Steve Martin will be performing here in the near future! Since there is no Yelp page for "Ignite Phoenix" - let me just say that it is one of the most exciting events going on around town and you should definitely try to go - FYI tickets sell out real fast. Ignite Phoenix #9 will be back in February.
5	When ASU music school performs....ASU students (or ASU card holders) enjoy for free!!!!The theater is comfortable and has a good acoustic for sound.  I was impressed to see a sign in the restroom indicating they are participating on the "America's best restrooms" contest. Indeed the restroom is fancy and very clean.
5	Thanks to Yelp and Lindsey F., I was able to attend Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts' Talk Cinema series and watch the thought-provoking film "Melancholia," starring Kirsten Dunst, Kiefer Sutherland, and Charlotte Gainsbourg (and an impressive supporting cast, as well!).  I will admit that I LIKED the film, even though people around me didn't.  (In fact, the more I think about the film, the more I'm enamored w/ the story.)Last night was my first visit to the venue, and I'm impressed!  Loved the stadium seating; open-air feel; and its excellent video and sound systems.  The lobby was very spacious, which I love, and seems to be a nice area to relax and socialize while waiting for a show/event to start.  Since I'd already eaten before joining up w/ other Yelpers for this event, I do not know if the venue offers refreshments, but I'm assuming it does, since other art theaters do; I will investigate further into the matter on my next visit, which I hope will be very soon!  Te Vaka or Late-Nite Catechism, anyone?One complaint: Leg space is a bit cramped.  Thank goodness the older couple in front of us left (about 3/4 into the movie), because I then could stretch my legs in front of me.  I'm sorry they felt they had to leave, but I'm grateful for the extra space!  LOL  FYI: The opening sequences (specifically the planet scenes and the music score) hailed similarities to Terence Malick's "Tree of Life," which I felt was too indulgent- liked a few scenes, but overall did not enjoy the film-- perhaps my opinions will change if I give it another chance, but truth be told, the movie was so long and left me feeling so distanced, I doubt I want to spend any more of my time on Earth watching it again!).  I think Lars von Trier, the cast, and crew did fantastic work on "Melancholia."  If you like deep and though-provoking films, make sure to search for this!
4	Went to see Phoenix Ignite there.  Cool venue, plenty of seating, knowledgeable, friendly, helpful staff.  Def would go here again.
5	We came here last evening to listen to that great voice which is Mandy Patinkin. Wow it was even better than we could have imagined.His vocal range is incredible. He started with some old old Broadway tunes from the 40s and 50s. Then moves on and starts softly speaking these words without music:Is this the real life?Is this just fantasy?Caught in a landslideNo escape from realityOpen your eyesLook up to the skies and seeSo you say to yourself. No!  He's not going to sing it. And, he doesn't. He just leads into the middle of another old Broadway tune. So you think, what was that?  Well, it was a tease. He starts having a dialogue with the audience about his marriage and wife.  But then comes back to it. Now accompanied by Paul Ford on the piano. He sings the entire song. Bohemian Rhapsody. All the parts. Wow! Freddie Mercury would have been proud!That's how the evening went. Interspacing old show tunes with some more recent melodies.  He sang a few from Steven Sondheim's "Sundays in the Park with George".  It was a show he was nominated for a Tony.  The best of the night, was his singing of Oh Shenandoah. What made it special was his stopping midway to recite the first part of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. He goes back to Oh Shenandoah, then finishes the second half of Gettysburg Address and the last verse of Oh Shenandoah. Absolutely beautiful.Surprisingly no tunes from Evita. A show he won the Tony for his role of Che, and made famous with Patti Lepone.  He finished the evening with a tune from the movie Ragtime and the music of Randy Newman. There were two curtain calls. He and his pianist Paul Ford looked exhausted after a non-stop ninety minutes. We left feeling as if we had just enjoyed something special. This was our first time to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts and we were very impressed.
4	The last time I was here was about a decade ago to see Baryshnikov perform with a friend of mine which was cool because we got to go backstage after the show. And while the performance was amazing, the space left something to be desired.That's why I was so impressed when I returned recently and saw how they have renovated the space. The formerly sterile walls have been covered with natural wood acoustic panels and the formerly boring seats have been replaced as well. The atmosphere is now inviting and warm and the acoustics have been improved greatly. It's great to see that the Valley has another quality location to see a show or a concert and with all the choices in the area for dining and drinks, the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts is a prime location for a great evening out.
5	Today, I saw the Detour production of The Little Mermaid.  This was my first time seeing a show at the Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts!  I was impressed by the lay out of he facility. It was also ver nice of them to donate the stage for the Detour show (detour is for people who have special needs). I picked up there schedule and can't wait to go back!
5	A friend and I went here last night to watch the special Q&A night performance of Love, Loss & What I Wore.  It was my first time ever coming to this theatre despite all the many, many, many times I've walked past it and admired it from the outside.The Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts is a gorgeous venue.  The lobby it self is incredibly contemporary and modern looking with plenty of spots to sit and lounge before you head in to your show.  And the theatre itself is a very nice one with lots of wood panels and a great view of the stage, no matter where you sit.I was actually sitting in the Yelp section, as they were the event's media sponsor.  Thanks for brining me along Mary!  Our row, along with 2 others, were the Tweet Seats, which means we were allowed to tweet during the performance using a special hash tag and their wifi password.  They asked us to post questions for the Q&A session after the performance.  It was pretty neat...especially since one of my questions was chosen!
4	We had the pleasure of visiting last night to watch Love, Loss & What I Wore. This was my first visit to this theatre and I was impressed. The main entrance is actually off the street and very nice. The lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop. They were extremely well organized at the ticket booth and the refreshment area. I liked the fact that we could take our wine into the show with us as long as it had a lid on that they provided. As for our seats even though we were up toward the top we had a great view. This is definitely the type of place where you can say there is not a bad seat in the house.
5	Came to see Love, Loss and What I Wore.  My first time seeing a show here - what a beautiful venue!!  I was impressed with everything from the lobby, to the service at the bar, and even the bathrooms!  Our seats were in the special "social media" rows where we could tweet during the show.  What a cool concept!  Not sure if it was the idea of the show producers or the theater, but I thought it was a fun thing to do and hope they do it for future shows as well.Definitely looking forward to coming back for future shows & events here!
5	Recently, I was able to take advantage of Yelp's generous offer of two free tickets to see Love, Loss & What I Wore on their special "social media night. Everything went smoothly from the initial picking up of the tickets at will call, browsing the gift shop with many interesting, crafty and unique items, to being seated and watching the performance. The lighting, sound system and climate control are all impressive. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to tweet during the performance, but I probably didn't have the wifi on my phone set up correctly.That was my first visit to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts and look forward to returning.
5	Fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat!  The parking is convenient, plentiful and free too.
5	We went to this facility for our Grease Sing -A- Long and had a fabulous time. The building itself is very nice and clean. It accommodates a lot of people. We were in the smaller theater and it was fitting for the point of the Grease sing along. We had a great time (dressed in pink ladies/50s costumes). I would come to this facility again!
5	A beautiful, cozy, arts center in downtown Scottsdale. I've seen a reading of short stories and also a concert. If I lived closer, I'd go more often. The box office staff and ushers are professional and friendly. There's a little shop with books and gifts and jewelry, perfect for pre-show browsing. The only downside might be walking down the stairs inside the auditorium if you're seated down front, but they do have an elevator if you prefer.
4	Love this place.  Try my best to come here at least twice every year for both the Scottsdale Arts Festival (March) and Scottsdale Culinary Festival (April).  All the staffs here are very friendly, nice, and very knowledgeable on everything arts related.  I've been volunteering for this place for a long time, close to 10 years.  Great place to be at.  And it's in Old Town Scottsdale too.  Can't go wrong with that.
3	Ive seen two classical type concerts here and really enjoyed the venue. It was very beautiful, the acoustics were nice, and there was plenty of seating. What killed it for me was how long it takes to get a student ticket and the ushers. To get a student ticket the had to take my student ID and fill out a ton of information making my friends and I almost miss the first piece. Also the ushers are just AWEFUL. They let people in IN THE MIDDLE OF PIECES. And they talk to people and turn on flashlights in the middle of pieces to guide people to their seats. Now I understand how they are trying to be kind to their patrons, but this is really distracting to the performers. They can simply wait until the end of the piece or movement to seat people. The ushers are also really rude and impatient with people. My friend was playing in the second half of the concert and wanted to watch the first half and they said a snarky remark about needing a ticket. Are you serious?All the aside the venue itself is beautiful and performances at the center are always enjoyable.
1	My second year in a row being duped by Scottsdale Performing Art Center.  Last year saw an amazing show by an amazing artist labeled as the "Amphitheater" which was nice and merely a grassy knoll hardly to be classified as an amphitheater. This year the promise of the great "food truck caravan". No more to be said about that other than a total disappointment and waste of time.  Scottsdale PA you need to step up your game or lower the expectations and over deliver if you want to satisfy people who have traveled to your events.  Not again is all I will say.
1	Been to 2 concerts this year. Can't understand the artist words when they sing. Ushers are RUDE! Won't be back again!
5	I only went to the gift shop but it was super cute. Lots of variety.  I found the perfect gift for a friend of mine.   Plus,  the two folks behind the counter were very sweet and extremely helpful.
5	Went to the Scottsdale Center For the Performing Arts & Virginia G Piper Theatre for The Capitol Steps.  The center and theatre was nice.  The show was also nice.
