5	Great store!Awesome clothes, great prices, and superb customer service!I love getting store credit for clothes I don't even wear!Go check it out!
5	I was actually surprised that this place was a thrift store considering how posh and nice it is inside. It looked like they sold brand new clothes and everything was so clean and neat. Some of the thrift stores I have been to like Buffalo, Mustang and Plato's I have noticed lots of clothes that were either ripped or stained. I know they are supposed to be thrift stores but that's just disgusting. If I wanted dirty nasty clothes I would go to goodwill or dig out of the dumpsters. YUCK! Anyways, the girl that runs Cleo's is super nice and she told me that she never sells dirty or heavily worn clothes and that much of her inventory is actually bought new or wholesale from all over. She also buys clothes from costumers and she was very generous on how much she offered me for some of my dresses even though she was looking more for winter jackets.  Overall I like this store; the layout is great and I was able to move around in the uncluttered space very easily. The carpet alone is a really cute animal print and the display window is always so well put together. The owner really has good styling and taste. There is actually a good amount of clothes for men as well, in fact one half of the store has ladies and the other has men's dress shirts, jackets etc. There wasn't a whole lot of shoes for either but the ones she did have also looked new which I like because who wants to wear someone's smelly old shoes anyways?If you are looking for  a higher end thrift store and don't want to drive all the way towards UNLV were all the other stores seem to be cluttered then I recommend giving Cleo's a chance.
5	We are so glad we found this little store while in Vegas! They had a wide selection of clothing for both men and women, and the shop owner was so nice and friendly! Though I didn't find anything for myself, the person with me did. Even though I didn't get anything I was still happy to have come in and taken a look around!
5	Awesome second hand store! Great selection and prices! The owner Mariam is wonderful and very helpful.  A great place to both sell and purchase quality used items.
5	Such great service! All the items in the store were in great quality! You can tell the owner takes time when selecting new items. Not only can you buy, but you can also sell! I would  recommend to friends and family!
5	Nice thrift store with nice vintage clothes.  The clothes are more pricey than, say, goodwill or Salvation Army, but it's well organized and doesn't have the thrift store smell. The sales clerk was extremely nice and very helpful.  The 20 for 10 yelp deal really helped.  Wish they would let you purchase more actually.A place you should check out if you like thrifting.
5	This place is awesome! Great customer service. The two girls helped me pick out an outfit for New Years. I scored sexy shoes, dress and purse for under 30 bucks! They had quality brand name and designer items for a great price. What a great find, this store is a gem.
5	Really cute shop, and a very nice owner was very helpful and had a lot of hidden gems. You may have to look through a few racks but you will be surprised by some of the nice things she has.
3	I was excited to see that there was a nice thift store boutique near my house since the others I know of are on the other side of town. They purchased a few pairs of jeans I dont wear any more. I chose to recieve store credit since I found something I wanted. Purchasing clothes this was is the BEST!The selection wasn't quite my style but I guess I can't be mad at that. The system for buying closes and recieving your storecredit/cash seemed unorganized and outdated. I guess I CAN be mad at that. I'll definitely go back and recommend a visit for those.
5	Great store lots to choose from and nice staff. Much cleaner than most thrift or exchange type stores. I will definitely be back.
1	After reading great reviews on yelp, I decided to take a cab trip here to get in some vintage shopping while on vacation. It was a $20 fare from the strip and I got here right at 11. Imagine my frustration as I stand here at 11:45 and the place never opened! There is no sign saying why, no notice on their Facebook page and no one answering their phone... not even a professional answering machine explaining store hours, etc. Needless to say I'm now waiting for my cab ride back to the strip. What a colossal waste of $40 in cab fare. Very disappointing!
3	The owner is friendly and the store is clean and well organized.  I thought it could have had a bit more variety and some of the items were a bit raggedy with a hole here and there.  I purchased two items but only because I had a yelp deal that I needed to use on this visit to las vegas.
