4	Let's run it down, in no particular order: 1. Yay a thousand times yay for new food and drinks in my neighbourhood. 2. A changing menu based on different national cuisines each week is fun and exciting and will totally keep 'em guessing. Beaver earned his reputation as a chef and menu builder at nearby loves Pick Up Dep and Triple Crown Dinette and it's great to taste the wide range of his skills and interests here, and nice that he's working with partners who support such an unconventional and unpredictable approach. 3. I had a spicy tomato salad with nuts that was unlike anything else I've tasted, totally filling and crazy good. (11$)4. The decor is completely nuts and incoherent and utterly loveable. I hung out for way longer than I thought I would just chatting and snacking at the bar. I love a dimly lit room with curtains and cozy corners and a sense of family among the staff. The stuffed animals, semi-erotic art, circuit boards, animal prints, rainbow lights, Leo DiCaprio poster, etc, make no sense and yet make perfect sense. 5. Michael Felber is a world class dishwasher and bar back. ;)6. I loved the staff generally.7. I only found out after I left that they have an international collection of bottled beers, I'll be back for more of those. 8. Ultimately, this is a place for friends and neighbours - it only opened recently and is still kind of chaos with the bills, family of the staff walking into the kitchen, most tables were filled by folks I recognized from our little local community. This is not high end, it's not trying to be like anything else, it's odd and yummy, the music is great, the overall weird of it all feels like home to me and I'll be back frequently.
1	So so disappointed. Ate there a few months ago and was pleased but went back last night and was almost insulted by what I had been served. I was informed that the dishes were sharing sizes which I felt okay paying $20 for (I was a party of two).  I was then told that the dish was best eaten as a thali so I said sure. When I received my lamb and okra dish I was given only bones with no meat at all, this is not an exaggeration. As well in the thali I was given about a tablespoons worth of humus, a few triangles of pita bread and rice with a tiny salad. For $20 !!! I have eaten all over Montreal as I have lived here for years and I've never been so ripped off. The waitress, although very kind and understanding, could not offer us anything other than a few shots, which although was nice, did not fill my belly up at all and I was still starving. Finally our bill came to $63 as they charged us for two thali's (my boyfriend got two pieces of meat with his, so he gave me one of his)- so they charged us for two thali's despite me asking if it was meant to be shared based on how expensive it was.  I was actually rather insulted and offended by the whole thing. I could have and should have cabbed it to Park X and got the same dish for a fraction of the price and left full and satisfied and cabbed it home for less than what I would have paid to have eaten there. Sure the ambiance is 'cool' but is it really 63$ cool? No. This was a really really unfortunate experience which I wish I never had. This is the first time I am writing a review but I felt it necessary as this place caters to a younger generation for the most part and for many of us times are tight and going for a dinner out doesn't happen as often as we wish and thus one wants the experience to be fulfilling and satiating - which this was not. At all.
3	I'm in agreement with Al M about the amount of food you get for the $.The portions during 'Iraqi week' were almost insulting. The meat on my plate consisted of just 3 teeny (but still tasty) meatballs. The beers, while exotic to some, are available at most SAQs so don't expect something out of Saint-Bock's selection. Some of the patrons were the owner's embarrassingly drunk friends, stumbling out of the back room. I've never seen people under 40 at bar looking like such bummers. I admit it soaks in style, weird decor and music. I really wanted to love this place but I left way too hungry.
3	There is something great but terrible about this place. I love the unusual decor, but the polarizing music and slow service bring it down. The food and drinks were also different (in a good way) but a little bland. This could be an amazingly strange restaurant, but it's just not there yet.
4	The service is abysmal, but the food is fantastic. I have no idea how one kitchen crew is able to draw inspiration from, and successfully replicate so many different cooking styles. The flavours were so on point, and the dishes were perfectly varied. Highly recommended.
