2	I don't think this is a bad restaurant but i don't think it is great either. However, since it is all-you-can-eat i think they put too much rice in many sushi entry such as Maki and hand roll. I felt like I was eating all rice. The quality of rice is also so so.In general, not a bad restaurant, but missing many subtle details of Japanese cuisine.
4	Good solid all you can eat sushi place, especially on weekends. It is worth every penny....nice selection of sashimi.
4	Consistently good sushi place, with a pretty extensive all you can eat menu definitely a must visit you AYCE Sushi fans.
4	Kanda is a reliably good sushi restaurant. Slightly upscale, with a price to match. Not appropriate for kids (although we did bring our baby with us once, but he was sleeping!) Nice setup and decor, adequate service and good food. A nice place for a romantic sushi dinner!
4	Pros- Fast service- Clean restaurant- Nice ambiance: The restaurant is actually on the 2nd floor. It's amazing what a difference it makes to the view when you get off the ground floor.- Great selection- All you can eat!!- Weekday lunches are cheapCons- Sushi isn't at the same calibre as other places like Maiko or Aikawa- Weekend dinners get priceyConclusion:If you want to obliterate your sushi craving, it's time to stuff your gullet with raw fish. My record is 45 piece. Please let me know if you top it.Warning!Every piece you don't eat costs you $1
1	I have really enjoyed coming here int he past, however I doubt I will be returning after my last experience. When it came to paying for our meals, their machine was shutting down, and when I went to pass my card twice, it said it wasn't approved. I asked the lady the reason as to what was wrong, and she said she had no idea but that I had to pay, and that I should just use another card. Uncaring as to why the machine was not working, and a little curt, but nonetheless I complied and paid in cash.Once I asked for the change back (I tip the amount with the change leftover, and always ask for it back, even though I do plan on leaving a tip), she asked if I wanted the full amount. I have to admit I was already in a tempered mood due to our previous encounter, but I still believe this to be rude. I asked for the full amount, and she said ok. They she took a look at the bill and stated that if she gave back more than $4.00 it would be less than 15%. I nodded and agreed and stated that is till wanted the full change back. She once again asked if I wanted the full change, and I felt it mandatory to tell he that I did plan on leaving a tip, but I wanted all the change back. Once she returned, and after a rather long wait (I find it is always the case with Kanda in regards to returning your change), I had only $4.00 change, meaning they would get their 15%. I told her I would like all fo the change back, and questioned me once again. We cleared it up, and five minutes later I finally had my change. To say the least, I left with all the money int he end, because I was shocked at the nerve she had for questioning me on the amount of tip I was leaving, even before I had the money back. I have investigated over "all you can eat" sushi restaurants, and have found that Sushi St-Jean is on their way, though there are still some bumps in the road.
3	I'm a Kanda fan, in general. I used to live near the location on Queen Mary and absolutely loved it there. This Kanda lacks a little, but it's near my new home. The salmon sashimi, my favourite part of the Kanda menu, is almost as good as the QM location, but lacks a little. Also, they are not consistent visit to visit. I can say the same for the tuna sushi. Sometimes I am served pieces that are way too sinewy. Still, I like the menu selection, for lunch and for dinner, and the prices are still reasonable for an AYCE. I eat my share, and though I wish the quality from Queen Mary were the same in the West Island, I'll be back to this Kanda nonetheless.
3	it's a good deal for lunch , but way overvalued for dinners. Nothing special about their suchi, just the regular ones. the presentation can be much better. their staff needs better training and the ventilation is quite poor.
2	It's a sushi-themed family restaurant.The food is pretty mediocre, the ambience is neither here nor there, and the service is chaotic. A good place if you're going out with a large group and want something mildly exotic for a reasonable price. Not a very good place for a romantic dinner a deux.The sushi is not as horrible as Sushi St-Jean across the street, but also not the rich flavour experience of Wi Sushi down the road. The rice is a bit dry; the ingredients and seasoning are unremarkable; the fish and seafood are quite fresh though.And if you're not into sushi but your friends drag you there, they have teriyaki chicken and beef, as well as other standard oriental staples like General Tao and peanut butter dumplings. If not, they also have wings and fries.The ambience is a little confusing. They look like they were trying to go for an upscale setting, but they also have giant screens broadcasting sports games. The crowd is mostly families with kids and large groups of friends.The service was very disorganized.We were missing utensils and extra order forms on our table; it took forever for anyone to pick up our order; we never got our tea until we asked for it, and even then we were given cups of it unlike the teapots other tables seemed to be getting; they messed up the amounts we ordered and brought us way too much; also brought us items we had crossed off the order; when it came time to pay, we left a credit card in the booklet, but were told to pay at the front, and when we got there were told to wait at our table for them to come around with the machine, then we saw them wave other people to pay at the front, which turned to be where you pay.So if you're going out just to hang out with friends and grab a bite, it'll do.If you're going out to impress a date or have a culinary experience, skip.
