5	Oh OHSO...how do I love thee! You are near my house and now near my work and I am now certainly going to be fat from your bloody mary's and brisket and french fries. I am biased because the original OHSO has such a fantastic location and patio, but this is in an awesome center with an OK patio - in fact its kind of cool how they utilized the space. They kept with the bike theme and added some neat touches to accommodate the new place. The open kitchen is a fun touch - its so busy but they keep it clean and I love to see whats happening in there. The menu is similar but there are a bunch of different things on there which make me jealous that we don't have them at the other location. I stuck with my old favorite, the brisket, but my girlfriend got the waldorf wrap which was nice and refreshing. The guys got the brisket as well. Their bloody's are fantastic at both locations but this one offers a peppered bacon as the stirrer and man was that amazing! It melts in your mouth and I don't think I have ever drank one as fast as I did today.Jon, the owner, was there chatting it up with everyone. He is such a great guy. I was impressed to see how busy the new location was since it was the first day today. This location is going to kill it and give Four Peaks a run for their money. Cannot wait to go back again!
5	Very cool atmosphere. Something this Scottsdale area definitely needed for those of us who work in the area. It's a nice get away from the work day.Food is just fantastic! The burger + cheese is definitely worth trying even if it sounds simple. Fries were outstanding too. No complaints.
5	Great little spot for craft beer and home distilled liquor. Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Friendly and helpful staff great food at a reasonable price. Was there the second night open and it was very busy. Congratulations G. Also hear there is a new one coming on Tatum and Shea soon.
3	First off, I'm not sure how there are already comments on the quality of their distilled liqueur as it's not available here yet.  We came here on their second night open. It was a Saturday. The place was crowded and loud on the inside. They were out of one of the beers we tried to order. Overall, the food was just as good as the other location's and the service only seemed to be marginally better, which isn't saying much.  The food and drink selection is eclectic,  Pico de gallo on the pesto hummus, yucca chips, and basil in half of the signature drinks.  Despite the eclectic nature of the menu, nothing really jumped out at me.  I wish the snacky items were available outside of happy hour. Everything I tried was alright, and I'll probably come back once in a while after the opening hype has died down and the distillery is actually up and running.
3	Opening night...crazy busy! Our server didnt miss a beat though. The decor is hip and fun just like the crowd. Lots of patio diners brought their pooches. OHSO really caters to the 4 legged darlings with water bowls and fresh baked doggie biscuits. I thought the menu, and especially the appetizers, were over priced but oh well!
5	Great service, Awesome selection of cocktails and beer! Shared the olives, and Hummus which was delicious!  I enjoyed their version of the Moscow Mule because they have a house ginger mix.  Great Location!!
4	My first time at O.H.S.O. and it was a good experience. We had the beer brunch, which was a great deal with delicious food. The biscuits and gravy were great. The atmosphere is fun and the patio is superb. My only negative was the service. Our waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu and told us one price for a side and then charged us more. She also didn't ask how we wanted our eggs cooked, so my partner wasn't keen on the scrambled. Oh well, nothing awful, but definitely not a bonus for the place.I will definitely be back and come for brunch, just will look for a different server.
5	I've been to their original location a few times and was excited to find out there was one opening up close to me! We went for brunch and it was fantastic. For $10 you get a large meal and one of their local beers or a huge mimosa. You seriously can't beat that deal!I had the biscuits and gravy and it was delicious. I also had a bite or two of the Pan Purdue which is their french toast. It wasn't overly sweet or heavy. They forgot the fruit compote at first but brought some out when we inquired about it. Be sure they give it to you, it's great!They do have a patio outside which is dog friendly. However, it's not as large as the Phoenix location. I hope more restaurants open a location in N. Scottsdale as it's so much more convenient than driving to Phoenix every time I want a great meal.
5	John was awesome, and Derek was a super sexy beer man. Me and the lil tina had a great time checking the new place out!And you know, Summer, running the place like a boss!
5	we love this place, stumbled on it while looking for dog friendly venues and fell in love with it. We are there at least once a week, usually more. Great atmosphere and staff and great beer, what more could you ask for! We recommend it constantly, and every time we do we get rave reviews and thanks.
4	I would give 5 if I could. 3 if they were not so new. 3 of us showed up yesterday, 5-22 about 8pm. We were greeted and seated inside in the corner. Which is fine if the corner had some design atmosphere. Really liked the menu style (design, layout, paper, items (lose the hyphens)). Ordered a couple OHSO cocktails. "Shhh" they were called. Refreshing! (still did not know our server's name until we asked after apps).  Ordered the Steak and Fries app. About 5 minutes to the table. I could live on these...Happily! They are amazing. Once we finished the app, within 2 minutes our entrees arrived... Diablo burger Medium with OHSO sauce on side (Bloody Mary Mix, Horseradish, maybe some 1000 island or mayo mixed in) Good tangy flavor with some heat. I had to send back because the meat was rare and slapped me in the face. They did not do a re-fire, actually made a whole new burger (good work). A bit over medium. But good flavor and you can taste all the items perfectly. The bun, reminiscent of Kings Hawaiian Bread (soft but not sweet). Problem is the bottom holds a lot of weight, heat, juice and within 2 bites, it's completely in pieces. But I did slop up every crumb on the dish. Guest 2 had the same with side of ranch (I am a ranch fan... but it seemed to be kinda zingy like the Hidden Valley Farms, not like homemade buttermilk/mayo (the type you use on wings, pizza, fries, etc)). He had already killed his burger by the time mine arrived. Instructed me to flip it over to attempt to save the bun. Guest 3 had veggie burger sub fries for salad. I tasted the burger... one of the best veggie patties I have had in AZ and Los Angeles. Why the 4 and not the 5? - Decor seems lacking in some areas, there are visually cold spots in the building. Flow is not bad. Price points for some items are a bit high. I figure they will find the loss leaders soon and adjust. $100 for three burgers, 1 app, 1 beer, 2 cocktails.  There are other places with same quality and better deal, but it is NoSco!BIG ISSUES: 1) no true identifying uniforms to figure out who works there and who doesn't. Thus you find yourself visually confused as to who to ask a question.2) timing timing timing... in a period of 15 minutes we had ordered, ate and looked at each other to figure out if we were going to get a second drink. Meaning, that the servers need to pace the kitchen, watch the tables, get more drinks to the guests, up that ticket avg. That timing is great for time-pressed lunch crowds. It should become a NoSco hotspot with a long lifespan. It's immediate competitors are: FourPeaks and TwinPeaks. (actually delete TwinPeaks, it's just terrible in so many ways). FourPeaks has the beer, the size, the longevity. But I think the two can co-exist happily and thrive. We will be back...
1	Four out of four people at our table had mistakes made with their food. Some were easy to amend (picking off onions, etc), some were not (burger slathered in undesirable sauce). Remedy took a while and everyone else was finished or nearly so by the time I got my corrected burger. One more umbrella on the outside patio would not go amiss either. Small selection on the menu. I'll give it another shot once they are more established, but not impressed thus far.
4	I have been here three times since the opening last week! I would say I am a big fan! We love their happy hour deals, that's mostly what we've come for. Their calamari and Ahi app is cooked to perfection! Their shrimp tacos are very tasty. N the Thai   hummus with cucumbers and carrots are very tasty but not spicy. I also love that they bring you cucumber water as soon as you arrive and are seated. The staff is all very friendly, and quite helpful if you're not sure what you're looking for. We will be coming here a lot of the next few months!!!
5	Came in this morning for their $10 brunch and beer special and was not disappointed. My wife and I sat on the patio and enjoyed a delicious OHSO hefeweizen, a cool and sweet mimosa, the steak and eggs burrito with guacamole and the lox and bagels.The service was great, it seemed our waiter was always nearby to refill our drinks on the warm patio. Not long after we got there, they turned on the misters, which made the experience much more enjoyable. The food was delicious; the burrito was simple and savory, and my wife loved the lox (you build your own sandwich, which she likes better). For everything we got, $10/plate with beer is a fantastic deal!I think the thing I like most about this place was the atmosphere. Every member of the staff were friendly, even bringing out water and snacks to the canine customers. The local beer selection is one of the best I've seen.I highly recommend this place, we may be making OHSO a staple for our weekend brunches to come.
4	I've eaten both brunch and dinner here. Dinner was decent, but nothing special. I really enjoyed brunch here. They have a special that comes with a mimosa. The only thing I dislike about this place is how crowded it can be, which also negatively impacts the parking situation. It's irritating to either have to valet or be forced into parking at Safeway!
5	Great time and place! Food and drinks were awesome! Our server, Melissa, was friendly and helpful. Happy to have this location open now, we'll be back!
4	For being opened only two weeks, aside from service, all was good. The wait staff will get better in time (a little slow and inattentive) but the ambience, the beer, and the food were very good! They have brunch specials on Sat & Sun only for $10! My wife had the bratwurst and eggs. It was the best brat we ever had- not too spicy and much less gristled than others.I had the Diablo Burger with a side salad. Cooked "no pink" with a great tasting sauce with chili peppers and pepper jack cheese. OHSO good!! Many beers to choose from including local faves. OHSO stands for Old Homebrewers Social Outlet. The beer is the reason they're here!
4	I've been to OHSO eatery a number of times so I'm not writing this review on one visit but on my general feeling.  I love the array of beer they have on tap - I always find something really good and then can't remember what it was.  The next time I have to start all over with finding my favorite. I have a feeling the quantity of beer consumed directly effects my ability to remember.Here are the things I've tried:Veggie Burger - delicious, love this one.  Not even a vegetarian but enjoy the heck out of it.Gnocchi - YES!  Love it.  Heaven.Beet Salad - good, but they forgot to add the goat cheese on this one so it did not achieve full deliciousness.OHSO Rita Flatbread - not spectacular.  If you're going full bore on the carbs go for the gnocchi.Spicy Green Chile Pulled Pork - very delicious and SPICY.  Get ready for a kick.Biscuits and Beer Gravy - not my favorite.  Needed more gravy and the biscuits were pretty dry.  I love the atmosphere of this place and bring your pups out to the back patio.  Great place to hang out and try a few beers (1, 2...10).
3	Came here today for brunch and I'm giving it 3 stars because the burger was decent and they had some good staff members. Our server Jann did not smile once or even introduce herself. I only know her name because it was on the tab... When she said thank you for coming in, she didn't even look at us. She didn't seem busy, just tired or something. Not once did she check on our food after we got it and we had to ask a busboy for our check. We also got the biscuits and gravy brunch deal that came with a mimosa. The gravy was barely warm and I wouldn't get it again. I could be because we came in around 1:30pm but I'm paying the same price as the customers coming in at 11am... It would make sense to provide the same quality unless that was just it. Maybe our server was hungover. I saw her take care of her other tables and still, not a smile. We'll come back, but we're not getting brunch or sitting in Jann's section. Should've sat at the bar. The bartender greeted us - not the hostess and he seemed nice and attentive.
4	HH ends at 6pm and we arrived at 6:02.  Our server told us it was technically after HH but said he'd be able to throw in a couple HH drinks for us if we'd like.  I got the Shandy which is a mix of citrus vodka, lemon juice, and beer.  It was delicious and refreshing on a hot afternoon! We ordered the brisket sandwich and pork carnitas tacos.  Both dishes were tasty and the portions were generous.I'm happy they've opened a location in Scottsdale.  I want to try their backyard BBQ!
3	i swung in here yesterday for lunch .i took my spot at the bar i found the service excellent especially the beautiful young gal behind the bar very effeciant and proffesional . the menu is pretty much basic bar food lots of burgers , i scaned the menu 3/4 times looking for something that caught my eye but ended up having a burg which was good.
5	A a new go-to for my puppy and I!! Excellent food and brews. Get the kale pear salad with chicken!
5	Beer, real good. Burgers, awesome. Fries, yum. Service, decent although a bit slow. Overall, I like this place and will be coming back!
5	Great atmosphere menu and service !! Ohso stands for outrageous home brew social outpost ! Ya perfecto !
5	First time with a big group, and although they don't take reservations, we got in right away! Derek was our server and he did a great job getting through all of our food and drink orders. We are quite the group to try to get through, so he did a great job. Would recommend anyone to this place!
4	I LIKE IT!  What's not to like: Taco plates and $6.00 small craft beer pitchers!
2	Nice ambience but hate the vegetarian food .. Specially the veg patty.. Tasteless and cold .. Felt like they just look out do deep freeze and did not heat up properly .. Also the food was served after 40 min !!! I love the other Ohso location but disappointed with this 1
5	Absolutely delicious. Cant wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
5	I love ohso! This new location is great, I love the pulled pork and the fact that I can bring my pup! Great beer as well!! Service is always excellent as well!
5	Love the west coast beach cruiser hipster vibe. Excellent choose of brews and great local ones! Fantastic service and bartenders are in too of it and always cleaning the bar :) love it and we will be back.
3	Awesome patio and delicious food. Pet friendly. We ordered burgers from the late night menu which starts at 10 pm. We also got pretzels which were small but really good. I was a fan of the extensive beer selection  especially my fav, Bells Oberon, which isn't found here very often. We loved the food, drinks, and atmosphere, but the service was super slow. That's my reason for three stars instead of four. These guys just opened though so we'll have to give them another try here soon. You really can't beat the price... two beers, two orders of pretzels, iced tea, and a burger and fries - $35.00!!
4	Good beer selection and a nice cocktail list. First time for brunch but lunch is always good! Dog friendly with pet snacks
4	I'm very glad this place opened up near my home.  I've gone here for brunch, lunch and dinner.  Each visit has been very pleasant with the staff and the food.  Brunch:I ordered the french toast and it wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still tasty.Lunch: Hands down the Arizona Burger!  It never disappoints!  yom yom yom yom Dinner:Arizona Burger once again! lolThe beers are also damn good.  The White Chocolate Ale is a fan favorite, but it's hard to pick a favorite when they have such a great selection.  Happy hour is always busy!  So get there early to avoid a long wait for a table.  Everyone likes to hang out in the patio and at the bar.
4	They always have very fun and helpful bartenders.  Their selection of craft beers is one of the best in town.  Their HH appetizers are a little weak but their burger and bbq pork and brisket are very good.
3	Finally checked this place out and either many people are still doing the same or it's just that good! There was about a 30 minute wait on a Thursday night. My burger was good and there's plenty on the menu I'd love to go back and try. The patio is great, but it's too hot for that right now and they try to cool it down with misters and fans, but they've basically made the side tables unusable because they get soaked. The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the service and the atmosphere - the servers blend in too much and just look like patrons. I get the relaxed look, but throw on an apron or something! Also, ours was MIA a lot. There were a lot of large groups - kids and drunk adults, essentially acting the same - which is just slightly obnoxious. It lacked the busy, but relaxed feel of Four Peaks, instead just feeling busy and chaotic. Also, any new bar coming to sleepy North Scottsdale creates a buzz, but this one disappointed just the same as the existing bars because they also close up at about midnight or 1am, even on weekends.
5	Very cool place with a comfortable atmosphere! Perfect place to grab late night drinks with friends or to go on a fun and relaxed date. Lots of home brews to choose from. You can also brew beer at their primary location!
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while and am glad to see they opened up a spot near my office. We went after work one evening and were seated at a table inside near the entrance. The service was great for our group of 6 and the drinks and food were great! Do note that the menu on the website is for their main location and don't get your hopes up for the green chili pork sandwich :(I ended up ordering the Arizona burger after we shared a couple of appetizers. I also indulged in a sangria and then switched to their white IPA which, for someone who doesn't like beer, was pretty good. I'm looking forward to trying them out again before I leave town.
5	Great food. Great drinks. I wish they had a bigger alcohol selection but still a great place to eat with family or friends!
3	A friend and I came here for "Mom's night out" and definitely took advantage of their delicious cocktails! I had the Shandy, which was so refreshing. We split the hummus plate, which was a bit small for what you get. Same thing with the kale salad. The bar and booths were squished so tight together, it was hard to maneuver around. I really enjoyed it because my friend and I stayed for 3 hours on a Saturday night and even though we each only ordered 2 drinks, an app and small entree at the end, the waiter was super cool and nice.
4	Just ate there for the first time on Friday night - Happy Hour.The burgers are the best in the area. I think it has a lot to do with the very fresh, soft buns they use.  I had the Diablo burger and I highly recommend it.  The fries are ok, but they would better if they were a bit more meaty (thicker).I was back again on Saturday night and had another burger.The atmosphere is very good and the service has been great for all three times I've been there.  Yes, I went for their brunch after church today.  A great value which includes a beer or Mimosa.The only reason I didn't give Five stars is because the beer isn't cold enough.Yes, I know......micro brew purists will tell me that beer should be at such and such (foo, foo) temperature.  But, I don't care, this isn't Germany where they serve the beer at room temperature.  I like my beer "brain freeze" cold.   Well, OK, if i can't have it "brain freeze" cold, then how about a bit colder than it was.The first night my buddy and I split a pitcher.  The beer in pitcher was "cool", but definitely not cold.  I was also give a glass that was warm out of the dishwasher - A BIG NO, NO.  I had to ask for a glass of ice to add to my beer (another purist NO, NO, i am sure).  For me a cold beer is not an afterthought to what I am eating - it is equally important. I give this restaurant an overall high score for food, atmosphere and service, but a thumbs down for the temperature of the beer.  I wish they'd serve beer in a frosted pitcher after it comes out of a cold tap, and I'll drink in a frosted glass - yea!!However, I will be back.  I'll be the one pouring my pitcher of beer over a glass of ice.
2	I have been to this new location of OHSO twice now. The first time we were headed to Four Peaks but decided to try something new when we pulled in the parking lot. We waited quite some time for our server to greet the table. My boyfriend sampled 2 beers and asked for a full pint of one of the ones he tried and the sever brought him something completely different, lame. Then we waited 30 min (+) for 2 salads and it wasn't even busy. Also my salad came out wrong, but I kept it anyway as I did not want to wait and we were going to catch a movie. The 2nd time I went in was with friends from the restaurant I work at. We sat at the bar and again the service was not very good. When I sat down all 4 people I was with said they have never gotten good service at this location. I know what it's like to open a new restaurant and whip servers into shape, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt, but I think we will stick to Four Peaks, right next door.
5	Price is right, food is proper. Drink selection is spot on and service has a cavalier attitude typical of this type of establishment -- in a good way! Highly recommend, can't wait till they actually start distilling.
4	Comfortable yet trendy. Just right for the unwind times,And the beer times,And the foodie times, ride your bike down and Uber home, or not. Good sports mix on the flat screens Definitely get one of the burgers BDASS!!!!!
4	Good vibe! We were a bit early for the Sunday BBQ menu which would have been tasty but we will have to come back for that! This is next to my office so I will have to try it again during the work week. Our booth seemed to be a bit crammed next to the people sitting at the bar. Food was good nonetheless. I had the carne asada tacos and a Bloody Mary. Yum!
4	Service was very friendly and helpful.  For our starter we tried the pretzel board.  It was a nice starter with many different flavors.  For our main course we split the AZ burger and it was delicious.   The fries were thin cut and crispy with a rather basic ranch dressing.  We loved the salted caramel cake, truly unique. The restaurant has a very open and casual feel to it.   Will come back and recommend to others.
3	First visit was a fail. AC was not working and it was hot. Ordered red wine and it was served ICE COLD! When I complained the server had no idea what was wrong with cold red wine. One drink and left for 4 peaks. Second visit was better. I hope they keep improving as I love the original in Arcadia.
3	I just stopped in for a drink before a movie. I got the Mule and it was way too gingery. According to the bartender, they do not use ginger beer but rather make their own in the restaurant. Regardless, the drink was awful. The bartender was really sweet and made me a new drink, which was exceptional, and didn't charge me. It was a good experience. Fixed the situation real quick.
4	This place is amazing! I love the low key environment, the fans and misters on the patio, and the great beer menu. I ordered the perfectly cooked salmon burger and my boyfriend got the mac and cheese del mar, which was delish! The Papago orange blossom was just as smooth and creamy as always. The only down fall was the lack of attention with service and the fact that the menu wasn't the same as the location in Phoenix (no cherizo flatbread here). I'll be back soon!
5	Great food, yummy appetizers, and tacos!  The Brisket sandwich is a top seller and we agree!  Steak tacos are a must and if you want a lighter meal, go for the salads!  Service is always consistently good, staff is friendly and attentive. There are many sports bars in Scottsdale to choose from, put this one on the top of your list!
4	You've got to love dog-friendly restaurants. Dogs just inject more joy into any situation they're in, and whenever I can hang out with my pughuahua, Chico Hombre, I'm thrilled.Chico and I headed to the new O.H.S.O. Eatery + Distillery in north Scottsdale, where servers deliver fresh water bowls to tables with pooches on the patio, along with a bag of treats to keep them busy while you get your pub and grub on. Each table has a carabiner you can tie your leash to, and Chico had a blast entertaining the guests around us.Sip on a brewskie from the extensive beer list featuring dozens of options, or get a mimosa ($6), like I did.For dinner, my companion loved his turkey burger and fries ($12), while my grilled cheese on ciabatta with avocado and tomato and a side salad  ($12) was might tasty.The patio had fans to cool people off, and the staff was super-friendly and professional. The Arcadia location of O.H.S.O. has always been one of my faves, and I'm stoked they've opened one in Scottsdale. Download the O.H.S.O. app to reserve a brew-your-own-beer night with your friends. It's $50 to reserve a spot, but you get a $50 gift card to come back and drink your creation. How awesome is that?
4	Comfortable yet trendy. Just right for the unwind times. "What's a guy gotta do to get a Tee Shirt around here?"  I wear a medium in case you want to buy me one. Birth month is coming soon!
5	oh man love the team work there every one was so helpful, the food is really yummy thanks for the fantastic service and  keep up the great team work. :)
4	Sunday Barbecue at OHSO! For $15, you get all'a dis (with refills! You probably won't want a refill, though, unless you're an Ork.)- 2 BBQ chicken breasts- Pulled pork- BBQ brisket - Cornbread- Baked beans- Spicy green apple slaw- Potato salad- Lima beans and cornFor those of us with a substantial, but more human-person-like appetite, there's the BBQ Bacon Burger:- aforementioned menu description words- Crunchy onion straws- American cheese (the good kind)The Sunday Barbecue plate is a ball-out-all-you-can-eat-treat, but I think the BBQ Bacon Burger was one of the best that I've had. Between the all-American Southern comfort food, the buzzin' flies, and the friendly-but-slightly-awkward service, I felt just like I was at a new neighbor's BBQ. Consider this my RSVP to the next one.
5	Steak & Fries dish was Fantastic!!! Cheese plate not so much, but that may be personal preference, the display was pretty.  Great happy hour, $6 mini pitchers & pretzels with jalepeno cheese sauce, wow! Will definitely go again!
5	New location same great vibe and service! $10 brunch and beer or Mimosa. The menu is a little different but still great, I'm hoping they add the salmon and pita to their menu. Location is great for kids and families.
5	Went here last night for a quick dinner with my sisters, who brought their dog. Very pet-friendly place, they offer free homemade dog treats and bring a bowl of water over to your table for the pup. The patio is very nice, fans and plenty of umbrellas/canopies. We shared the crab dip and ahi tuna wonton appetizers, was plenty to share between the three of us. I ordered the mac del mar, which was DELICIOUS. My sisters shared the chicken mac and the pear and kale salad, both of which were great too. They have a great beer selection with lots of local AZ offerings. Good prices for the portions and food came out pretty quickly! Would like to come back and try the brunch next time I'm in AZ.
5	Not as large as their Acadia location, but nice, clean and same extensive beer selection. Seems like the menu is a bit different, but had good sandwiches. I'm excited to try the Beer Brunch.
5	This place continues to surprise me each time I visit. Went for a date night with the husband tonight m, and it was our first non-brunch visit. First, I should mention that the weekend brunch special alone is worth a visit ($10 per person for food and a beer or huge mimosa is a deal, but this good is amazing and the list of local brews is always rotating and sure to offer something for any beer drinker). Second, the atmosphere is very relaxed chic with bicycle theme throughout. So, tonight we went for drinks and dinner. We missed happy hour, but we're pretty hungry so we shared the pretzel board (salty pretzels rolls, warm cheese dip, toasted corn nuts, baby pickles, dry salami, and mustard). Definitely a good snack for two people. I tried the white sangria (a nice, rather sweet pineapple-based drink), and my husband enjoyed his white chocolate ale (smelled and tasted so good). He usually orders the coffee stout (from Papago), but they were out of stock. For dinner, we had The Pilgrim (turkey sandwich) and the veggie burger--both with fries. The turkey was good, but the veggie burger was absolutely the best veggie burger I have ever eaten. It had a spicy sweet sauce with avocado and chopped tomatoes, a soft potato-like bun, and they even charred/flame-kissed the burger giving it a wonderful flavor and texture. So, so good!! Fries were simple but memorable and a perfect combo with the sandwiches. Good enough to order alone as a snack too. I think I'll try the steak and fries starter next time if I can manage to order anything other than the veggie burger.
5	Awesome vibe. Bring your dog, ride your bike, eat great food and drink excellent craft beer. Weekends are great for brunch which comes with a beer or a giant mimosa. Awesome patio at both locations!!!
1	Total let down.  None of the charm of the one on Camelback. Not sure if the people who work here have ever even been to the original to understand what is all about.  Seems like every other Scottdale joint.  Yuppy, played out and lame.
5	My girlfriend and I came in for dinner on Wednesday and had a great experience. I tried the veggie burger and my girlfriend had the ensalada salad and both were excellent. The atmosphere of the restaurant was great but the service was the reason we will return. The hostess was helpful and patient as we decided where to sit.Ryan the busser was working very hard and never stopped moving. Our server Tim was extremely helpful and made sure our food came out quick and accurately.
4	I'm a fan of OHSO. No doubt about it.I used to frequent the location in the Arcadia area. When we moved up to North Scottsdale I missed being so close and was super happy when they opened this location. I have now been twice. The people, food, and service are always stellar. The only small problem that I have run into both times is the draft beer. Although they have tons of option both local and from all over the beer is consistently not cold. The summer here is brutal and one of the things I enjoy most is sipping on an ice-cold beer. Sadly I have not had that experience here yet. For food, their burgers are amazing. The sweet buns they serve are increadible. I wish I could bring some home.All in all, I really like OHSO. I will be back and I will be crossing my fingers that the drafts have cooled off....
4	We stopped by with the kids after a movie at SMG and had a very nice dinner.  Our server was fantastic and we enjoyed the beer and all our food.  We shared the ahi tuna stack appetizer and the Mac del mar.  Both were very good.  Lots of shrimp in the Mac del mar.  Service was great.  Like the Upslope and MR black IPA.
5	I love OHSO, both locations, plus it's the best dog friendly place in town. Food is good and they are always coming up with new flavors. The patio at this one is going to expand soon so even better
4	It was quite crowded around 8pm on a Friday night as expected, but we snuck into the back corner of the place where there is an L-shaped bar (well it's a table really) and somebody behind the table takes your order. I was going to leave when my date said she was 41 and still a virgin, but luckily I stayed because she ended up paying and the brisket sandwich was pretty good. The brisket is none like I have seen before, quite stringy and long, more like pot roast perhaps, and very unlike versions in the South and Texas. It was still all lean and piled high on a good bun. The onion strings are not really needed, but the sweet potato fries were good. It was a very good sandwich, slightly below OMG status, but would clearly get it again. They serve a bunch of beers in pitchers and those are 9 bucks mostly and by 10pm when my patience on the date was waning, the crowds had all but gone away. She had a giant salad, but I am annoyed when a person uses a knife to cut every freakin piece of lettuce on the plate. Good food and drinks, but needed better company.
5	Nice to have a great bar in this neighborhood!  Great drinks!  Amazing happy hour specials!  Excellent service, good food, dog friendly and great variety. So excited this opened in this location. It was so needed!
3	I love the vibe of ohso. I think its so great that I can bring my pups!  I Will say I was not impressed with the qaulity of the food for how pricey it is. I got the mac del mar, it was $15. It was basic mac n cheese with barely any cheese. It had like 2 peices of shrimp and some green onions on top.  I just feel like the price is a little too high. Thats why I rate it a 3 star. Ill try going once more for brunch!
4	This place has nice outdoor seating, and a good atmosphere. The brisket, and it was very good, although the bottom bun was a little soggy. I tried multiple samples of beers they brewed, all very nice!  A good place for friends to catch up. It was a Friday night and fairly busy, so there was a 30 minute wait and the server was slow to take our order. Additionally, I was sad that they did not offer soup like the Arcadia O.H.S.O. does. Overall, a nice place, and I'd reccommend it.
2	I was so underwhelmed by the OHSO on Indian School and I am sorry to say that this one left me unsatisfied too.  My friend and I just wanted a beer and glass of wine before our movie so naturally we sat at the bar. it was about 9pm and we declined appetizers or food service, our waiter immediately rude about the low ticket fair he would receive. He didn't offer additional services such as refills or details about our beverages. Almost $20 for two drinks + a generous (unearned) tip -  I would rather pay those prices in the theater.
5	Went for a late night dinner for the first time and loved it. Friendly service and delicious food. Had the Brisket Sandwich and it was huge! Pretzel Board is another do-not-miss dish. Great beer selection at good prices.
5	Visited the North Scottsdale Location of OHSO, after being intrigued after driving by the Phoenix location. Excellent vibe, great beer, great food. I ordered "The Gobbler", a turkey burger with pear compote and greens. It was delicious! The turkey was flavorful and not dry, and the pear compote was a perfect compliment. We also ordered a blue crab dip appetizer, which I could have passed on, only because I thought it was a bit overpriced for the size. Great draft beer selection!! I will definitely be back-- next time with my pooch!
5	Ok.  What's NOT to love about OHSO?  They have a great ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food, oh and the best part?  They're dog friendly! Having moved to Scottsdale a couple months ago, I had no idea where i could take my doberman Zeik to hang out.  I found OHSO through bringfido.com I believe and decided to try it out.  This location is conveniently about 5 minutes away from our Dog Park so we now make it part of our routine to come here after our playdates at the park.  It only took us about 2 visits for the staff to know us and our dogs.  Theres usually a little bit of a wait on Friday nights but they were incredibly welcoming with giving our dogs water and taking drink orders for us while we waited.  On the patio tables there are leash hooks that you can hook your dog onto while you eat.  They also have cookies for the pups too, made of spent  hops and I believe they are organic.  Our pooches love them.  But lets talk about the food!  I am always torn between the BBQ burger and the Arizona  burger when I come here.  The Arizona burger is their top seller and it literally melts in your mouth upon your first bite.  The cheesy gooeyness of the zesty cream cheese along with the kick of jalapeno is complemented perfectly with the sweetness of the soft bun and crisp onion strings.  For $12, this is the BEST burger and fries that you can get in Scottsdale. I've been meaning to write a review on OHSO for a while now, but I can hands down say this  place has won  us over and is  our favorite restaurants.   My only regret this morning is that I didn't have any leftovers!
2	Where are all the house beers?  Are they no good?  Hmmm...Distillery offerings were not yet available.  Food was about the same as the other location, with parking being much better at the new spot.  Service was slow and inattentive.  Odd seeing some of the attitudes by bartenders on display, as though they are doing customers a favor.  What the heck?  Good selection of guest taps, however.
5	Heard that it was a great place from Co workers. I work and live FAR away in Peoria.  We were extremely surprised at what Ohso offered. Amazing food (holy Bacon!) and Mimosas for Sunday Brunch.  Service was perfect. They even dropped off a To Go iced tea for me.    ...I didnt ask for it, but it was greatly appreciated.  I think we are gonna go back for dinner right now. Im gonna hit that long list of Whiskeys.  Why not!
5	A happy ending to the story... The manager of this location wanted to right the wrongs and provided me a $50 gift card. Two friends and I ate great food and drank refreshing cocktails.  It's so nice to see businesses do the right thing to retain their customers. BTW THE SWEET POTATO FRIES ARE CRAZY ADDICTIVE!
5	We love this place!  There aren't a many good places in the area that have great food, excellent service and patio seating.  The brunch is awesome and the mimosas are huge!  Only suggestion is please bring back the steak breakfast burrito:)
5	This place is amazing! Great food, best Bloody Mary I ever had and sooooooo dog friendly! Can't wait to come back!
5	Went here for $10 beer brunch.  It was magnificent.  The beer was excellent, I had the house white ale with orange.  My husband had the biscuits and gravy with the IPA--it was all he could do to not order another round just because he liked the gravy so much.  Highly recommend the bunch.
4	Awesome environment. Staff is friendly, and the place is pet friendly as well. Fun place to watch a game or just get a few drinks. Food is good and service is pretty quick. If you haven't made it out to this place yet, definitely worth checking it out.
3	While I would say I'd revisit some mid numerals 1 you want a sample you have to pay2 no mention by the wait person about their in house beers3 no real check back by anyone not even a mgr must have been by us at least 14 times and I believe even took my plate away not even asking how was everything ( if you don't ask all is good I guess)4 ordered pink meat while middle showed pink the burger was dry! It was pressed5 yes would try them again but with reservations 6 it's the little things that I believe they missed that really made this a "SoSo" visit vs an "OHSO" visit!7 really wasn't that busy! NOT BAD NOT GREAT "SOSO"
4	Stopped here for our second visit on a Saturday afternoon.  Made sure to hit after brunch so we could enjoy the regular menu.  Not a fan of brunch, or brunch menus.  I can make eggs at home.Sat at the bar, which is a must in the afternoons.  It's where you get the best feel of any place.  Really nice beer selections, both micro and macro.My wife wanted to come back after our first visit so she could try the cubano sandwich, so I knew what we would be splitting.  I also ordered the pretzel plate.  The pretzels were good and the beer cheese dip was great.  The Cubano was fine, but the relish (in place of dill pickles, I guess) was spicy.  I prefer a little more traditional, but it was still good.  However, the fries are freakin' awesome!  I'm talking beef tallow good.Atmosphere is great and it's a laid back place.  Great for day drinking.  Dogs are welcome and even get some homemade treats, which judging by the way our dog attacks these things (you can take a sample bag home), she would rate this place 5 stars.
5	I love this place! 10 dollar monster mimosa & brunch entree- no one can beat it!  I love the flatbread here too! GO GO GO!
2	We loved the original OHSO and were so excited when a new one opened up close to our house. Unfortunately, the service at the new location is poor. We have tried several times just hoping they would get better, but it continues to be lackluster! We love the beer selection and the food isn't bad. Plus they allow dogs! The lack of service overshadows all the good :( Please get better OHSO we desperately want to love you!
5	Went to OHSO (FLW &101) again last night. Love this place! Everytime I try a different burger and I take home 1/2 for lunch the next day. Oh sooooo many beers too! Great food and really nice place to hang out with friends. The staff are great and seem to love working there as much as we love eating & drinking there. OHSO could stand for O=original, H=habit forming, S=satifying, O=outstanding. Wait does it? Anyway, I'm oh sooooo glad it's here!
4	OHSO is certainly a cut above the rest. They not only have a wide selection of craft beers including their own and other Arizona craft beers, but also have a wide selection of unique cocktails. The bar staff is friendly, knowledgeable an efficient - a real pleasure to talk to an the appetizers are a meal in-and-off themselves. I highly recommend their cheese board and Ahi Tuna appetizer.
4	I'm definitely partial to the Arcadia location due to the larger patio area, but this O.H.S.O. is a welcome addition to Scottsdale.Brunch, as always, is great.  $10 for food and a beer or mimosa is an amazing deal.It's dog-friendly, plus they have water bowls and treats for your pups!Service is particularly fast at this location, likely because it's not quite as busy as the Arcadia spot, but I'm sure it will only get more and more popular.  The staff is very friendly as well.  Enjoy ... and if you have a dog, bring them!  They'll enjoy it, too!
4	Plus side - huge beer selection( they let you sample which is nice), awesome dog friendly patio, people watching is phenomenal, pretty extensive food menu, nice vibe - not too loud or sporty - all ages, genders and persuasions. Service is quick, unobtrusive and low key. Negatives - too many beards. Employees are all guys in hipster street clothes, so any random bro in an American eagle t-shirt, faded flannel and two day old stubble can pose as your server.  Sort of odd.I'll be back for sure.
5	If you are a dog lover this is the place for you. My dog sat at the table with me which is a norm around this place.The staff is so friendly and kind. They all stopped by to say hi to my dog and me and share stories. Also their brunch is great the one cent giant mimosa that you can get with your food is not a joke! Also they have home made dog treats you can give to your dog. (Did I mention how dog friendly it is?) But beyond the dog aspect the food is really very good and they are a brewery with some good beers to try. Just a great place to go and make your day happy with pets and food and drinks.
5	my cousin recommended this place so I met him here along with a friend.I got the AZ burger and it was one of the best burgers ive ate. I love cream cheese and that's what did it for me.cool atmosphere and good service.I will be back!!
4	This place was recommended by a much younger son of a friend. It is pretty good. The service was great: our waitress and other staff were as attentive as a customer can hope for. Beverages were refilled quickly. Advice was cheerfully given. Three out of our table of four ordered different kinds of burgers and all were very happy. This being a brunch, I ordered a bratwurst and scrambled egg entree. It tasted good but came lukewarm which became cold before I could eat much. I considered less stars but everything else was perfect. My advice would be that a group order the same type of food. Obviously my plate was finished and put aside while the burgers and fries were cooked. It then was located and served after the other plates had been delivered. C'est la vie. I expect to return.
1	Overpriced! My wife got a regular salad with nothing on it for $8.00. We will not be coming back.
4	The AZ burger is good!! The pretzel starter is good! The grilled chicken with quinoa and asparagus is really good. I have to say I was very impressed with how well the chicken and asparagus were cooked- perfect! Seeing a trend? Yup good food! Ask your server about and beer or drink specials. Nice patio - and seating indoors! I have to give a little shout out to management for the family friendly restrooms! Not only is there a changing station but they have a little step ladder to make kiddie hand washing easier! Thanks - for making the bathroom trip a little easier on parents!
4	Went here with a couple of friends for burgers and beers. Good selection of local beers and the burgers were good. I personally had a cheeseburger with green chilis which was very good. Great patio for drinks outside and local beers. Perfect place for a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.
5	Awesome place to eat! We had our two doggies with us and they were welcomed and treated so well by everyone! The atmosphere and food is unbeatable. My new favorite place to eat!
4	Service was wonderful but I've only earn there once since we moved to AZ. I would recommend the steak fries and the AZ burger, delicious!
4	Went here for a late dinner on New Years Eve and the place was pretty empty to the point that we did not know if they were open. We ordered the Kailua Pork and the Mac Del Mar. The Mac Del Mar was a cross between a macaroni casserole and mac and cheese with shrimp and crab. Good number of shrimp but could not see the crab if there were any. The Mac Del Mar however was very good and would highly recommend.  The Kailua Pork wa as over potatoes and was pretty good. Think we made some pretty good choices. As we sat waiting for our food the other tables ordered burgers which looked pretty big and good. The service was good and fairly quick and will come back again to try a burger
1	Was not impressed. Don't come here if you are trying to watch a game. Came to watch a playoff game and couldnt even see a tv. The Gila monster was disgusting. Didn't even taste like anything. Not worth the $9. Also the pretzel platter was nothing special.
