4	We went here before they officially opened and had an amazing experience! The food was great - had the gnocchi with lardons and mussels. Small dishes but great flavour. The bartender came over and asked what kinds of cocktails we liked.. Took our preferences and made some delicious drinks (whiskey sours how they should be, wild ginger vodka soda..). I was in heaven! Then I went back 2 weeks ago and wasn't blown away. The service wasn't great, we got a table right away but had to wait 10-15 mins for someone to serve us. We all got mixed drinks.. I don't know if our server forgot to order them or if the bartender was slammed with orders.. But we got our food before our drinks!! That's never happened to me before... Kinda threw off our night. The food was still great but a bit pricey for the size.. Especially the small calamari salad. Delicious but SMALL! I think it was $12-14.. I forget. Also the drinks were more expensive than the last time we went.... $3 more expensive.. I love that this place has opened up here, this part of st henri needs more nice bars that aren't dive bars. I will go back... Hope it will be as great as the first time I went!!
4	Staying close by, went here last night and was very pleasantly surprised. Very young, hip crowd (and staff). I ordered an unique (and tasty) appetizer of Gnocchi with Mussels in a cheese sauce with bits on Pancetta. Delicious. Also had a few drinks and a dessert, one which was a but sweet for my taste. Still, the great food, excellent service win Ludger 4 stars from me!
4	A little hole in the wall. Great place for an intimate meal with friends. Drinks are top notch. Food is very tasty and offers a variety of vegetarian and meat options. The most memorial item was the seaweed noodle lasagna! Very tasty, and a nice departure from traditional pasta noodles. I have a feeling the menu changes as the days do, I would definitely come back to see what other culinary adventures they are offering.
1	Blah, really high, uncomfortable bar stools, hipster clientele who only talk to hipster clientele, definitely not an open kind of place and  no once was actually friendly..though I fear I was not wearing the right ironic glasses or t shirt or something...I was possibly too employed...or my back pack full of actual work may have been too heavy for most of the clientele.  the bar staff were just bar staff and the ambiance felt like the shifty place down the street got cleaned.  When will St Henri open a bar that doesn't serve sketchy people or dumbass hipsters or overpaid yuppies, but a great fun place open to people who just worked their ass off and want to relax.  No 8$ G&T's are not acceptable!
4	Always on the lookout for somewhere different to celebrate the start of the weekend, I met some friends at their office in Westmount a few Fridays ago and walked down the hill to Ludger. I have had my eye on visiting this new trendy St-Henri spot on Notre-Dame Ouest for a while and this beautiful evening seemed like the right time to check them out.Ludger labels itself as a buvette with a gourmet accent aka we are a bar but also have high-end food. Located on a corner on Notre-Dame, they have taken over an old storefront with the old recessed entranced and all-window facade and spruce it up with a massive rural on the side and a beautiful wooden terrasse as well. I can't speak for the inside because we never set foot in there - no tables available there so we sat outside. The noise emanating from the windows told of a noisy environment - not totally unexpected given it was Friday night. The terrasse itself was nice and quiet with build-in wooden banquets instead of chairs. It's also on the cross street, not Notre Dame itself so there was no cars driving by us which was nice.Ludger has a nice cocktail menu, a decent selection of wine and a food menu that I would characterize as eclectic. No real obvious "type" here but very intriguing. Before we grabbed a bottle of wine, I tried their special of the night, bourbon lemonade - my summer drink of choice. I was exposed to this beverage at Icehouse a couple of years ago, I have been hooked and have converted many friends and family. At this point, summer without it just seems wrong! Sadly, in this case, I was left disappointed. This version was overcome with sweetness to the point where the natural acidity of the lemon and the smokiness of bourbon were left wanting. The ideal bourbon lemonade blends all of these aspects smoothly. This one did not.Food-wise, we stuck to the appetizer options as we were not all that particularly hungry. First up, fried veal sweetbreads with kimchi and peanuts. Very creative dish and one I never would have thought about prior to this. The fried sweetbreads were crispy enough on the outside without losing the fatty goodness inside. The kimchi with its inherent spiciness added some nice heat to the dish and the peanuts brought some texture. Add some micro greens, shitake mushrooms with a piece of crispy chicken skin and you have a excellent dish. If you have an aversion to sweetbreads, this dish won't convince you otherwise but I love them so it worked for me.Next up, we had their polenta fries. Another creative approach from the kitchen here - they got enough of a crunch on the fries without losing the texture of the polenta. Paired with a nice mayo as well. My only issue here was the amount of fries we got for the cost of the dish. I frankly would have been preferred sweet potato fries or just regular fries if we would have gotten us more to enjoy. Good but not enough to truly enjoy.After that, we went for the meat plate - a combination of rosette de Lyon, prosciutto, duck breast and others with some olives and bread. Overall a solid dish - I'm always a big fan of this kind of plate... well other than the olives which I despise but we'll skip on that discussion for now. Again, a little small given the price but still delicious.Our last dish of the evening was grilled squid with chick peas. A deliciously meaty piece of squid, grilled wonderfully with a nice creamy yogourt sauce paired with it and the chick peas. Following the theme of the meal, delicious but again, somewhat small for the price.Ludger was a pleasant experience although one that I would characterize as overpriced for what it is. Loved the overall vibe, the setting and the creativity of the food menu. The rest of cocktail menu gets me interested as well. Not sure I will get bang for my buck food wise to make this a good dinner option however this is definitely a worthwhile drink spot with perhaps a dish or 2 and will be the site of future happy hours to come on my end. Now I probably just need to visit the interior as some point....Cheers!
5	Awesome classic cocktails (not too sweet), great service, and yummy food! We'll be coming back to try the happy hour.
3	Food is pretty good, I like the fact that they are open days that other places in the hood aren't. The drinks are well crafted. The decor is nice though no real departure from anything anyone else is doing. I feel like this place tries too hard? Or the customers do? Lacking sincerity?  I have been a number of times and every time I find it lacking some je ne sais quoi. Maybe time will deliver it.
4	I'm not sure why Ludger showed up on a search for "dive bar", but it did and it was close by and, well, damn, it sure ain't a dive. Instead we found a somewhat trendy joint with an amazing menu and a well appointed cocktail bar. I thoroughly enjoyed the rabbit sausage that was on the menu that night. Ludger became a favourite discovery after that evening and I have since taken local friends there to enjoy the offering. I have yet to be disappointed. It may be hard to get a seat so get there early and enjoy.
3	The place is OK. Felt that the food was really overpriced for what it was. I have had way better value. It seems like the place is really suited for drinks rather than food. The waiter we had did not have the reflex to check back with us if our plates were alright. We spent 15 min waiving trying to get his attention. I had the beef tataki which was a bit too chewy and too red. I would not recommend.Also felt that the place was a bit pretentious,  did not feel completely at ease but that was just a feeling. Hope this helps.
