2	Villalpando's is an ok place to have Mexican food. My lunch buddy and I go there often when we want a home cooked mexican meal. It's not spectacular, it's not bad. It's just ok. I usually get the green chile dinner. The meat is tender and it comes with rice, beans and 3 flour tortillas. My friend usually gets a chile relleno. She likes theirs because they aren't breaded and fried. So if you want simple, no frills, non-chain mexican food, hit up Villalpando's.
5	My family and I went last weekend, we really enjoyed it.  The food was good, the service was good, and the prices were reasonable.  They have one of the best chips and salsa s out there. and the cheese dip was delicious.  I have very picky eaters in my family, and everyone found something they liked on the menu.
3	I had lunch at Villalpando's with a group of co-workers and this place is A-OK. The food wasn't spectacular, but everyone was satisfied with it and the prices are reasonable. The restaraunt was not very busy which makes it an easy place to go to with a large group. The service was friendly and had no problem with making substitutions to the menu items. I do like that they offer chile relleno that's not breaded and fried!
2	Went to Villalpando's with some friends because they like this restaurant.  I had no idea where it was, until we got there.  It's located at Chandler Blvd just east of I-10.  Years ago, it was a sports bar filled with TV's, but they are long gone.  I don't eat anything green (except peas), so finding something to eat there was a chore.  I normally have a red chili beef burrito when I go to a Mexican restaurant, but they only had green chili.  I ended up eating a bean and cheese burrito, which was very good.I agree with the other reviews of this place... it's not bad, but not great. I'm sure my friends would disagree.  They love it.  The prices are fantastic.  For the beer drinkers, no beer on tap.  Only bottles.  Unlike the sports bar, I hope they survive, because the place was dead on a Friday night.
3	Went to check out this restaurant with my business partner for lunch, we are both big Mexican food junkies and were looking for something new. The first problem we encountered was that I looked at the map on Yelp to see where it was, and it was very, very wrong! The map showed it on Chandler Blvd. and Gilbert Rd., when it is really on Chandler and I-10, a BIG difference! Well, we finally got there around 1:00...the place was empty except for 3 tables. My first reaction to the menu was it was cheap!! I know lunch specials and so forth are generally cheap, but even the dinner menu was very well priced. They menu had a lot of Sonoran stand by's, as well as a whole seafood section that is not usually found at most places. The chips and salsa were really good. The chips were thin and crunchy and the salsa fresh. We asked for the hot salsa, and that came out with a side of bean dip as well. My business partner likes things the hotter the better....it was too hot for me...but she really like it. The bean dip was a little blah, but when mixed with the salsa it was good. I had the Mexican burrito, which was a shredded beef burrito, enchilada style with a queso sauce on top, with sour cream & guacamole. I really enjoyed it, it had good flavor. The beans that came on the side were good too, better than the bean dip. My business partner had the cheese crisp with green chilies, it looked like a really good cheese crisp, a lot of cheese and very crispy!! I would return for a repeat visit, but only if I was in the area, I wouldn't go out of my way for it. But the price was right, the bill for the two of us was $12.70!!
4	I really like this place.  It's a little different and usually not busy - but they are pretty new and in an area of town that just doesn't get that busy.  It's a huge place so it looks more empty than full.  Plus they are not advertising on TV and billboards like the only other competitors (chains) in the area.I really like the salsa and the hot sauce.  One thing I really LOVE is the shrimp cocktail.  It is fabulous!  Fresh and full of shrimp.  I don't think I've ever had one in the Valley that has been as good.  It reminds me of sitting beach side in Mexico.  I go back often just for the shrimp cocktail.My daughter is vegetarian and there are plenty of options for her, besides the standard vegetarian Mexican dishes of cheese enchilada and cheese quesadilla.It's not fancy and it's not packed, but that is part of what I love about it!
1	We were staying in Chandler, AZ and saw this restaurant across the street from our hotel.   So, we tried it out for dinner and what a mistake!First off,  we ordered a pitcher of margaritas which was shared between the two of us.    After drinking the $20 pitcher, we came to the conclusion that there must have been about one shot of tequila in the whole thing. I ordered the Steak fajita taco salad.  That was my second mistake- well I guess third mistake if you count walking in the door to the place.  This Steak fajita taco salad was a disgusting fried shell with a small amount of steak and onions in the bottom, covered by about five inches of old dry lettuce.     When it arrived at the table, the bottom portion was just a nasty juicy mess that could barely be eaten. The juice was not any sort of sauce. It must have been the oil that the steak and onions were cooked in.    The part of the shell that was not submerged in this grease even tasted like very old frying oil, and nothing else.  My girlfriend had the spinach enchilada dinner.  There was no taste of spinach in this enchilada.  All of the taste was some spice that they had went overboard with.  We like spicy things, but this was not a good thing.  It seems that the Mexican restaurants around here do not re-fry their beans, which is fine.   These beans in particular tasted like absolutely nothing-  which may have been for the better.  The only thing edible on the plate was the rice.It's a good thing I live in Illinois so I don't have to look at this pace again.    I really feel ripped off.     You can't even count on your $20 worth of margaritas to have enough alcohol to make the food seem good.
5	This place was fantastic.  We were skeptical when we noticed that the parking lot was empty (as was the restaurant).  However, we both ordered the fajitas (mine were veggie, and my husband's were shrimp), and they were wonderful!  The chips (thin and crisp) and the salsa (poured from a cute little decanter) were an excellent start to a simply delicious meal.  Our waiter was very nice and attentive.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant for its service and its food.
4	I have been searching diligently since moving to AZ to find great Mexican food, and I have yet to find it. However, this place is GOOD. I too embarked upon an empty parking lot. My friend and I entered the restaurant to find it completely empty. After walking around trying to find someone to seat and serve us the hostess appeared out of no where and stated he locked himself outdoors and did not have his key to get back in.  Any who, we contemplated leaving due to the "lack of service," but I had completed my Yelp homework and saw that this was the norm. We were seated, our drink orders taken and left with the menu to make our decisions.The food...The shrimp cocktail was wonderful and full of shrimp although a tad bit sweet. I added more lime juice and this helped. The carnitas was flavorful, beans and rice were not bad at all. My friend had enchiladas and a tamale both of which were tasty as well. This will be my new spot for Mexican food. It is so true when they say, "don't judge a book by its cover."  This is by far not the best Mexican food that I have had but it will definitely suffice...
4	Extremely bizarre to roll up on this place and see exactly one vehicle in the parking lot, front or back. It's right off I-10, so you'd think more people would roll off for a bite. Whatever... I'm willing to take a few things on faith at my age.The host/waiter/etc guy (I think there -had- to be a separate cook in the back, but I'm not sure) was efficient and professional. Everything was quick including ordering, serving, drink refills, and so on. I wouldn't go so far as to say he was friendly, but he wasn't unfriendly either. He just... was. Really, though, isn't that enough? Do we need intrusive or annoyingly perky servers?The food was very good. My wife had the Pork Birria and I had flautas. The pork was cooked well and the sauce was delicious. The flautas were very good with nice fresh toppings. They have a good recipe for mexican rice as well. Portions were reasonable, as you can see from some of the photos.Check this place out. It's worthwhile to support a local place that's doing good by its customers.
4	It's so great to find one restaurant that's NOT a chain. I feel so bad because they are always empty inside when we get there. The chips and salsa are tasty, the food has always been good. I've been there twice, with two other people both times and everyone in my party has always enjoyed their meal. Their menu is large and varied and they do have an "A la carte" section. Another great thing that I just discovered last night, they have a sweet happy hour with $1 9oz. margaritas, that's right, you heard me, A DOLLAR!! The service has always been friendly and helpful, albeit the gentleman who served us last night didn't have much to say, but he seemed just shy more than anything else. It's clean, friendly, tasty and cheap. Go give it a try! Help support something other than the Applebees, Taco Bell, Panda Express and the countless other chain restaurants that are ubiquitous in Ahwatukee!!
