5	Sky Vapors is a refreshing addition to the Las Vegas vaping scene. When I stepped into Sky Vapors I was greeted by the awesome owner Lonnie. He took the time to walk me through all of their custom blends and mods. Sky Vapors takes their shop a few step further, by providing a build station where you can build your own mods. I love that they display local artist work on the walls, that are actually available for sale! As a supporter of local artists and independently owned businesses this shop is right up my ally! Check it out, support your local artists and small businesses!
5	Friendly people, tons of flavors! They are super helpful with any questions you have. They will mix flavors for you however way you like, and they've come up with their own original mixes. "Horchata"? What?! Amazing!Stop by and try it, and see what you like. Very affordable! I will definitely come back for refills!!!
5	First off i dont want to sound too Negative. But the prices there are just SOOO Inflated, and the owner knows it. I mean he is selling VV/VW devices for 79.99 when they are worth only 49.99, and he knows it. On a positive the owner does make all of his ejuice in house and its very very good, and at a good price point. They also make custom Wooden Box modes, which are just simply elegant. Lony i think thats how u spell it, hes a good owner/business man. He is very honest and fun to be around. He will sit and BS with you as long as you want and he always has something to say!Back to prices, its a hit or a miss, some of the prices on the smaller things are great, like the Ego Stuff and clearomizers and addys. But some of the clones he has are just over priced. Example thre are some MVPs and SVDs that hes selling for almost 80$, well  most places are carrying them for 65. I wish the shop would sell more stuff then clones also. There a few Igo-w's that are pretty cheap (20$). The Kanthol is jsut a ripoff, 1 dollar for 1 foot. WTF?!@Overall this is a good place, its right down the road from me. I know the store is pretty knew, once he gets more clients and gets the money rolling in, hopefully he will carry more then 5-6 mods at a time. And get some better stuff in, and not all clonesP.S When u go in there, ask to hit his box mod!! Its AMazing, 0.15Ohm QuadCoil. Haha
5	Superb customer service. Prices are way better than competition. They take time to understand your wants, and strive to make it happen. They will also spend time explaining to you anything you need to know. I don't know what more they could do to service customers and provide great value. This is now my one and only vapor retailer. It's worth a drive across town if you don't live in the area. Give these guys a try, you will be very happy.
