5	Whymsical. Eclectic. Modern. Even a bit Victorian. D. Frank packs a wallop of a punch for any shopping addict. Nestled along fantastic Stetson Dr. in Oldtown Scottsdale, this beautfiul two-room furniture and art boutique is the perfect holiday shopping stop. This award winning designer has such a flair for upscale style. Yet I find the store and it's wares to be very approachable. From the $1,200 Swarvoski crystal floor lamp (to die for...I would most definitely give a limb or organ for it) to a delicate butterfly tray priced at $22. There are sofas, dining room furniture, occasional chairs, day beds and lots of gorgeous art. Not to be missed are the candles, collectible boxes and stationery. Oldtown is decked out for the holidays and has never looked better. Especially along this stretch as most of the new buildings and waterfront action is up and aglow. Thank you D. Frank Designs. You have finally put me in the Christmas spirit!
5	You know, that Thomas S. really knows his shopping.  And I would follow his reviews every time.  He is totally correct about D. Frank Designs.  This tiny little store is GREAT!  I don't know if I met D. or Frank while I was in the store, but whoever they were, they were very helpful and almost giddy with excitement over their merchandise.  As was I.  They had a very impressive pale wood mirror that I fell in love with.  Wouldn't fit in my suitcase, but they are more than happy to ship.  Plus, they are very eager to help you find whatever your little heart may design.  Great store.  Great people, I love D. Frank Designs!
5	Hands down, one of my top 5 favorite stores! Home accents, furniture, accessories, artwork, lighting, and above all... expert interior design service. Debbie has pulled together an eclectic mix of the the type of pieces that anyone would brag about owning! Each piece has a wonderful story behind it... just ask her! The story is clearly the reflection of a passionate business owner who loves well-designed pieces.Custom lacquered chandeliers, handmade hate-mail cards (oh yes,) luxurious bedding, antique wall art... I could go on!Just go see for yourself!
5	I Love D. Frank Designs! Its one of my favorite stores ever. Debbie - the owner has a great eye for fantastic decor pieces. She buys mostly from LA- based designers...but the store has a great eclectic mix  to suit everyone's design tastes. There are big furniture pieces and smaller gifty items. I love going in there and just browsing and getting inspired. They have recently put in a dessert bar which I think is just genius! Debbie is an interior designer who does home consultations and since I just bought one I can't wait for our consultation. She only charges $75 an hour which I think is very resonable. Two thumbs up for D. Frank Designs :)
