5	The auberge is the oldest continuous use Inn in North America. That is the history behind it. The more impressive aspect is the beautiful old stone walls, now somewhat combined with a well-done modern bar area. The owners have changed in the last few years, but only for the better. The chef does seasonal menus using quebec style food. A great value in Old Montreal to show off the loacal cuisine. Gaetane is great to work with for planning large events on a budget in the Truteau room.
4	Wonderful place to bring a date for dinner, very good food, courteous staff and nice ambiance.
4	We were ready for lunch and wandering blindly past what felt like hundreds of restaurants in the Old Port on a hot August day when we found this place. There was lovely al fresco seating, but no place large enough for our group of six, so we went indoors. What a cool spot. Interesting art on the walls (and if you head into the bar, there's some really funky art!), comfortable and elegant seating. We ordered from the 3-course prix fixe lunch menu (from 19$-28$ cdn), and were presented with lovely -- and delicious offerings. In our group, we started with a martini glass filled with Shrimp from Gaspasia with a corn and tomato coulis that tasted like summer, a delicious fennel gazpacho, and a tuna tatake to die for. Entrees included taglitelle with summer veg and bison meatballs, fried liver with a frisee salad and salmon tartare. Desserts were appropriately small and extremely lovely. Their by the glass wine list included a couple of tasty Quebec wines. This place is a gem. Check it out!
4	I wanted to try old town French food so our local host selected this rather modern restaurant housed in an old inn.They had a selection of three course prix-fixe.  A few appetizer items had an adder.  Pan fried foie gras was a $9 adder.I select duck+duck.  The pate style foie gras was pretty good.  The duck was de-boned and quite tasty.We had a bottle of NZ cab then OZ cab.  The NZ cab was a bit on the thin side but the OZ cab had body and robust.
3	Planned to try that place and enjoy some appetizers at the bar with wine before going for dinner close by. I wanted to kill 2 birds with one stone.Well, I couldnt find anything on the menu or board that was interesting to eat as appetizers. Didnt have much choice. Finally got the mixed olives, it was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Service was ok. I definitely have to go back to try the full dinner menu.
4	Great spot! Right up there with the best in Montreal.
1	Maybe our expectations were too high...We did 8 course tasting menu with wine pairing which usually turns out to be a really  great experience. well in this case it was a total rip off!We only got 6 of the 8 courses, the majority of which were not very good. A beaf Tatar with tomato sorbet that tasted like it was tomato paste strait from a can. Our main course was a tinny piece of beaf tenderloin half of which was over cooked, with a tinny piece of foie and a broken sauce. They served almost every dish on these awkward tiles that the servers struggled to clear every time. All of the wines served were mediocre and we had to flag the sommelier down 3 times so he could poor the wines they were paired with, as the food sat there and got cold, or in some cases melted. The cheese course was nothing but 3 small pieces of cheese on a plate put in the middle of the 3 of us to share, that's not a dish! Nor a course!When we spoke to the sommelier about these concerns at the end of the meal he argued with us about it, and told of the champagne he gave us with desert ( a mistake in itself ) was a gift, as he was already over his budget on us. My god...This dinner for 3 people was $613.00. From someone in the business this place is poseing as a fine dinning establishment. Never again!
5	This is a favorite and one of the few places I come back to repeatedly (there are just too many good places to go in Montreal). I've eaten in the restaurant proper as well as the bar several times and it has always been excellent. As you walk into the restaurant you smell this amazing wood burning fire which I just love. It has a historic building ambiance with beautiful old brick, but really interesting modern touches with some of the design and artwork. The food is fantastic. Have tried several different dishes and it is consistently great. The charcuterie plate is highly recommended.At the bar there is a really great group of people in front of and behind the bar. The staff is incredibly friendly, inviting and have a decent amount of regulars coming in to see them. There is also a party room (or 2?) for events so if that is of interest.... check it out. The downstairs is also a club later on in the evening. Have not been there (yet) when it is open, but it looks fab.
5	This is a review based mostly on service and ambiance - I attended a #prmixer at the Auberge recently and didn't eat much beyond the lovely appetizers that were passed around. But the bar and wait staff were friendly pros, very quick, always smiling. They remembered the beer I was drinking even in a crush of 200 people and took a second to have a laugh with everyone. The space is so essentially Old Montreal, a nearly 300 year old stone building with twisting wooden staircases, pianos, comfy chairs and epic modern art on a tiny ancient alley in this most romantic part of town.
5	Just amazing is all i can say. You enter Auberge and feel as if your in a lodge built in the 1800's. Stone walls three feet thick  and huge beams. At least three huge fireplaces burning wood a d used to bake breads. After having a spectacular dinner which consisted of the following:Beet and yogurt salad with goat cheeseCharturie platter( from snoot to trotters cachon.Paella with rabbit, scallops, and assorted seafood. Wonderful seafood foam.,Fresh baked bread, foccacio, olive baguette, sour dough baguette. Grilled cristini's for the pate's.Good wine, cold vodka, and excellent service from the hostess to the wait staff. Very accommodating and friendly.After dinner we decided to go to the lounge, and where surprised to find a club in the basement. Thick walls, DJ spinning all types of music. They have lounge style sofa's with bottle service. At 1am the placed was packed. Lots of fun and good music to dance to.
5	Fantastic!!We landed there for lunch completely randomly, just strolling around Old Montreal's small streets right after arriving into the city. The old brick building and "table d'hote" menu out front both attracted our attention.Basically one picks a main course, and the appetizer and dessert come included (small supplement for a handful of items).We were more in the mood for a sandwich or panini, but looking at the menu, we decided to give it a shot, and go for something lighter for dinner instead.We walked into a wonderful old building, beautifully decorated (there is a majestic whale spine at the entrance), and were seated in the clear and reasonably  quiet restaurant room (it was probably half full)For appetizer, we had the charcuterie (it was "fromage de tete" that day) and the salmon (almost like a sashimi, really). Both excellent, and wonderfully presented. For mains, we had the cod, with beans and a meat sauce (surprising at first, but really delicious and goes wonderfully with the flavorful cod), and the salmon, perfectly cooked medium-rare, with a few little fixings on the side (more for flavor).For dessert, we had a chocolate panna cotta with raspberries and a St Honore cake with some apples (and again a ton of various flavors on the plate). The latter was the best and one of the most amazing desserts I've had in a long time.The chef is really a master at presentation, and at elegantly mixing flavors that one wouldn't naturally imagine to put together.I will also say that it is not all that common to find a restaurnant that excels at both savory food and desserts, so extra props for that.This seems underrated today at 3.5, but again it's possible that the prices are much higher for dinner, setting expectations much higher... this review focuses on lunch, which costs CAD ~30 per person (+ tax + tip).Service was excellent, friendly and attentive.
4	I visited the Auberge St. Gabriel for the first time on a blustery September night.  We were a party of four: my husband, two out-of-town guests, and me.  We knew that the physical premises are impressive (see the many other reviews that talk about this), but we wanted to try the food because we need to select a restaurant for a group event that is being planned for later.  To dispense with the ambiance immediately, I have to say that it is indeed impressively "old Montreal", but I also found it too dark (I had trouble seeing the menu) and a little noisy.  When I called to make the reservation, I asked if there would be choices on the menu for vegetarians, and I was told there would be, and I should ask the server.  There was exactly ONE vegetarian choice on the menu, so I assumed that the server would tell me what else the chef might do for me.  The answer was that the dish on the menu was my only choice.  When will restaurants learn to provide more vegetarian choices?!!  Among the options in the main courses there was one choice for me and I think at least six for the omnivores.  Also among the little extra perks that are offered -- there was a plate of twisted bread with chorizo, and afterwards a very pretty plate with some vegetable content but also containing salmon -- there was nothing suitable for a vegetarian.  In some restaurants I have been given a meatless tidbit when these little extras are offered, but I had the impression that at the Auberge St Gabriel the server never did process the fact that I do not eat meat.  It is a small thing, but it does reflect on the degree to which a restaurant caters to customers.But we were there to learn whether the food is really good or not.  The bread was wonderful.  We were given a serving platter with bread and a bread knife, and this was left on the table throughout the meal, allowing people to cut bread if they wanted more.  We all started with the "fresh mixed baby greens", which was a very refreshing and copious salad.  My three companions all chose the same main course -- the lamb shoulder -- and pronounced it delicious.  My main course was the only thing offered to vegetarians -- Pasta Acini -- but I have to admit that it was delicious.  It consisted of tiny rice-shaped pasta, well coated with a green sauce that I think was made from zucchini, and in it were also tempura zucchini flowers, figs and almonds.  Creative and yummy.Between the main course and dessert the Auberge offered us a macaroon and a small glass of cold cider.  Very nice!  One of my companions chose the "Abracadabra" for dessert.  It was a chocolate-y confection with amaretto ice cream.  The other two both opted for the "Pie aux pouces", which included strawberries and mascarpone, with the novel feature that the server cuts it at the table in either one, two or three inch servings (hence the "aux pouces", which means by the inch).  I chose the simple "chocolate pie", which was anything but simple.  It was a rich chocolate construction and came with a spoonful of ice cream served on a square of what must have been chocolate shavings that adhered to the plate.  The ice cream was melted, but otherwise the dessert was delicious, like everything else.There was a surprise for me at the end, when we received the bill and were ready to leave.  The server gave me a big brownie, wrapped in cellophane, and told me that it was for my breakfast.  I wonder whether they give a brownie to all women customers (I was the only woman in our party), or whether it was an offering to make up for having so few vegetarian options.  In any case, they made points (shall I say "brownie points"?) with that.  I ate the brownie today and it was scrumptious.My overall assessment of the Auberge Saint Gabriel is positive.  Everything we ate was excellent, without exception.  The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is the lack of vegetarian choices.
5	I came here on a cold winter night. I was really impressed when I walked in. The ambiance is simply amazing and unique. The service was great and the food was even better. Easily one of the best restaurants in Montreal! If you can afford it, it is definitely a restaurant to consider!
5	I took some out of town clients here for a nice dinner at the recommendation of their hotel concierge and I was delighted!  I live quite close by, so I don't know how I've missed it all these years.  The decor and meal presentation was absolutely stunning.  Additionally, our servers were just perfect and didn't interrupt key conversations.As some others mentioned, it's pricey- but I felt the value was there.I was particularly impressed by the mini-treats that came out in between courses as a complete surprise.  And lastly - the surprise take-home brownie that I forgot in my purse and found the next day.  To die for.
5	My meal ranked amongst the best I've had.  Go with their recommendations, if your picky, tell them what you like & don't like...then sit back & enjoy the utopia that is L'Auberge.  Next time I am in Montreal I will be back.
2	Who is writing the reviews for this place?  The owner's nieces and nephews?  So, our first impression was very positive - beautiful locale in the old part of Montreal.  Thought had been given to making the restaurant a marriage between the old and the new.  We started by ordering a bottle of wine, but the waitress came back and said she wasn't sure we would enjoy it as it was "natural."  What in the world is a natural wine?  Thinking there was something lost in translation (even though I lived in Paris as a student and can speak some French), we ordered a different bottle of wine.  This time, the sommelier came to our table to tell us if we sent back the first bottle, we would definitely not like this one.  I politely reminded him that *we* did not send back the first (unopened) bottle, but that the waitress said we would not enjoy it and who would drink a wine after the waitress says it's not good?The sommelier then said he would bring back a bottle we would enjoy.  We thought we would get an amazing wine.  My DH had indicated he liked full-bodied: Cabernets, etc.  The sommelier comes to our table with an OPEN bottle of wine.  That's right, it wasn't opened in front of us.  Umm.  Strange, maybe someone sent *that* one back.  Anyway, he pours us a sip tasting and it is a good wine, but very light-bodied. Something summery and drinkable, but not a fab wine.  After all that, we really expected something great.  Additionally, the sommelier never told us the price, nor showed it to us on the menu.  In all of my previous experiences with sommeliers, they will point in the menu at least one option (sometimes more than one option), and you order, knowing the price (whether it's $40 or $400).  So, not only did the sommelier have in his list wines that a regular customer would not "enjoy," but he brought us an opened bottle, suggested a wine that was not along the wine that we wanted that evening, didn't even ask us what we were eating, and didn't even show the price of the wine brought to the table.   Very amateurish.Fortunately, we just looked at each other, ordered mojitos, and the rest of the evening went off without a hitch.  The food was solid and interesting.  The main dishes were particularly good (duck and fish).  It was a little gimmicky - the waiter pours the sauces at the table (this could have easily been poured in the kitchen!).  I couldn't help but feel they were trying oh so hard to make an impression of being so sophisticated.  But, both the duck and the fish were well executed and the flavors were solid., so I know there is talent somewhere in that kitchen behind all that fanfare.  I just wish they would have the confidence that the food is good enough.  Because, right now the restaurant "experience" is an epic fail.
3	The first night at our hotel, we peered through beaded glittery curtains at one end of the lobby to a dimmed, mysterious interior. After checking out the dinner prices, we decided our three-hour drive through the rain had taken away our desire for a fine dining experience, so we ventured out into the pouring rain in search of a more ordinary dinner.The second night, however, the door was closed, the menu gone, and our curiosity just got the better of us. So at about 11 PM, we ventured through the portal into what turned out to be the coatroom, and an easy way around the $10 cover charge they were asking at the door! Score.Once we were settled with drinks, I said to my husband, "I think this place is too cool for us." I'm not sure whether it was the huge, uplit dinosaur backbone, or the animal-hoof coat hooks on the wall, or the group of guys on rolling stools that kept buying the bartender shots, but I felt much older and less hip than I normally do. It was fun to see the beautiful people arrive in grandeur and depart with a little more affection, though.Cocktails were fine, prepared to order and priced normally for a large city. On our way out we perused the cured meats on display and peeked into the stylishly rustic dining room. Someday I'd like to return for the food everyone's raving about here!
5	Super food and good ambiance.
3	This restaurant is easy to miss along the main drag of Old Montreal. Nestled in North America's oldest Inn, the space does not lack character. The old stone walls and candle-lit fireplace harken back, while lighting, art and fixtures offer a bit more modern of a treatment. There's a dinosaur spine and other ultra-modern gothic fixtures. It's definitely trendy, and a little disjointed - but a cool space nonetheless.Service was great. Our waitress made a mistake with our order and offered up some pro bono treats in exchange. She was excellent otherwise. The food was more of a mixed bag. At one angle, the presentation was excellent. Everything was done artfully and with care, as one would expect at such a premium price point. The flavors themselves were mixed. The rabbit gaspacho was amazing. The foie gras appetizer was beautiful, but mixed sweet strawberry flavors with the bitter/salty foie gras. It was one of the most intensely flavored dishes I've ever had, but not in a good way. Perhaps my pedestrian palate is not up to the challenge, but neither of us could finish it. Shame. Onto the main course, the lamb was perfectly prepared and tender, and the accompaniments were an interesting mix of distinct and strong flavors. This worked better as a flavor profile, but I felt the texture was wrong. Everything seemed a bit mushy. It needed some other texture to offset the tender lamb. I might not be this picky normally, but at this price level I expect more. She had a homemade pasta dish, that was very good - but overly simplistic ingredient-wise for the price level, and scant with the pasta. Overall, there were some flashes of brilliance, a great space, good service - but an ultimately underwhelming overall food experience for the amount paid.
4	Amazing wines. I mean, amazing!! The charcuteries are Chef Gonzales' specialty, so make sure you try them! The portions a quite big so you could definitely share apps and still be fine. Love the set-up, great service, great food. Would be great for a large party, too.
5	Haven't eaten at the restaurant here, but as a venue space it is absolutely incredible.  As the pictures show you there's a giant whale tailbone that greets you when you enter.  To the left is a classy dining area, and to the right is the main hall for events; along with a staircase heading down, and two mooses joined at the neck by a lightbulb. If you dare go down the stone stairs (that looks like something out of a castle), you'll be enclosed in a long narrow corridor where the walls and floor are uneven stone pieces.  Eventually you arrive at another venue space with a bar that was (definitely) a dungeon in a past life.
4	Found this place wandering old Montreal looking for a place to eat lunch.  Menu looked good so we went inside.  It's a very cool mid evil/ trendy place.  Also had outdoor seat which was nice on a sunny day.  My girlfriend got a salad as an appetizer and I got the beef tartare which were good.  For entrees we had the salmon and lake dore which were also very good.
1	Excellent food, but worse service ever.  Spent over $416 on food and drink, even gave our server an underserved 15% gratuity.  The awful service overrided what could have been a great experience and a memory to take home. Instead, we will most likely not dine at this restaurant in the future.The irony was that there was a food or wine critic beside our table who looked just as bored us.  There was a big lull in service for him, too.
5	We hosted our wedding (ceremony and reception) at the Auberge St.Gabriel last weekend and it couldn't have been more perfect. They are closed for regular service on Sunday and Monday but had no problem accommodating our party of about 85 people for a ceremony downstairs and the reception on their 3rd floor.The food they served was amazing, the staff stood on their heads to make sure everyone was taken care of in every way. We brought a band that easily plugged in to the house system and sounded great. We had Groupe Carte Blanche do a bit of decorating for us (they are true professions as well) but the venue is so unique it doesn't take much.Thank you all for making our wedding perfect. We will be back for lunch as soon as we can!
5	What an absolute delight!  We happened upon this lovely restaurant which is a bit off the main tourist drag in Old Montreal and can also be accessed they the Springhill Suites hotel. A fabulous place for an intimate dinner that is truly French in service and gastronomy. Our server, a lovely women, made us feel welcomed and that we could linger as we wished. If you are looming for giant American sized portions don't come here, but if you are looking for a wonderful dining experience in a great outdoor, as well as indoor, setting go and go now.
3	We were a group of 20 which is a good test for a restaurant. We made a reservation and were given our own somewhat condensed menu which was fine as it included all food types. I give credit to our waitress Pauline who wasted no time taking our orders, serving including a free but small appetizer, dessert and no problem receiving individual bills. But the food for the price was not good value. I had the barley rosotto which was good, lots of crunchy French bread and chateaubriand for $43 was overpriced for the quality. My wife could not eat her lemon crumble as just too much lemon. I agreed after tasting. All desserts included diary and I asked for a fruit serving which I received. A nice touch. They passed the group test but food needs improvement, considering the price.
3	A small intimate restaurant in Old Montreal with excellent food! This bistro also has a private room whereby you can host a private function! I was here for a private event with our sales team & enjoyed the quick service, attention to detail & the extra add ons. Good wine list as well! Definitely a great place for business or pleasure!
