5	First review! We just had drinks, bread, and olives, and everything was really great! Very nice ambience. The rest of the food smells amazing! The service was excellent. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Just opened up - super warm, cozy place.  Great ambience and look forward to taking advantage of the inside/outside bar when the weather gets better. Plus the Guinness is on tap!The food is delicious and a bargain.  Prices and portions are great for lunch prices (super affordable) or a light dinner or a heavy dinner where you might want to try a few different things.  I had the baked manicotti with sausage and my wife had rigatoni with sausage.  We enjoyed our meal and look forward to trying a few more dishes soon!  Only thing that was foreign was that you have to pay for warm bread.Will definitely be back...with friends!
5	Loved this new place. Small and quaint but just perfect!!! Great food and service. Definitely coming back! Food was great and lots of selection of beers and wine. Best new spot to try.
5	Great spot! Very unique, a ton of beer on tap. Food was phenomenal, a must.  Service was great, very helpful and friendly.
5	Hard to find but well worth the effort! Tucked away just off Central Ave. kitty-corner from the Heard Museum. My wife and I stopped in for a quick lunch. Service was prompt and friendly. Food was prompt and delicious!My wife had the Pesto & Mozzarella flat bread and I had the Bacontarian sandwich. Both were perfect! The flat bead pizza was incredibly quick. No problem if you're pressed for lunch time.A very versatile bistro: an excellent place for a quick work lunch, quaint place for a dinner date, fine for small groups, and it will be a great place for outdoor seating when things cool off.Hurry before the word gets out!
5	Genuine & friendly service. Well priced menu with a variety of options to please anyone. A repurposed house that maintained some of the original features including my favorite, the tri-fireplace! Great addition to the neighborhood
5	Great food, reasonable prices, quaint location.   The BLT, sausage and jalapeno pizza, green chile chicken and short ribs are all delicious.  Good selection of wine and beer.  The staff seems to really enjoy working there.. made us feel right at home.
5	I had the green chili pork dish. I was amazing. The staff was friendly. She asked what we thought of the place and the food. Place was small but cute. I would definitely come back. Have nothing negative to report.
5	Had  the burrata and the earl?! Both are big hits in my book!!! Fresh and delicious !!!
4	I love the fact that they use organic/local ingredients and that they offer organic wine and beer options.  Only negative was when the server went for a smoke break which was made apparent when they came back with smokers breath and stench.
4	Cozy atmosphere, good service and reasonable prices...what's not to like?We enjoyed the baked rigatoni with amazing bread and the green chili chicken with au gratin potatoes...yummy!  This will definitely be a go to, neighborhood place on a cool day to enjoy some comfort food.  I am excited to see the further changes they are going to make to the place.  This is a definite must visit in Central Phoenix!
5	I was excited that a new place opened up so close to my condo- I can walk there! I had the grilled veggie salad with chicken. The chicken was delicious- moist and slow cooked. The amount of food was much more than I would have expected as the prices are low. My husband had the pizza and loved it!
4	While this cozy, cool little place has only been open for a few months, they seem to be off to a great start. I tried the Veggie Sandwich and it was quite tasty! The bread is all homemade and they have a good selection of beers as well. The menu offers some great choices for both vegetarians and meat-eaters alike, and it was easy to quickly determine which items were vegetarian, vegan and/or gluten-free. Our server (a young lady named Claire) was very friendly and informative about the menu and the establishment itself. Nice place all around. I'm looking forward to coming back and sampling more items from the great menu.
5	Great little neighborhood hangout! Fast service and good choices of beer and wine.  I had the Italian Salad with chicken added- it was pretty tasty.  I enjoyed it.  I also tried some flatbread and thought it was delicious!  Wish I ordered that actually.  We started with some meats and cheeses for an appetizer, it was a good start to our meal.
4	Well thought out beer selection. The "Italian Combo" flatbread pizza I had was VERY nice. Met the young lady that owns the place, and she's a sweetheart. Super relaxed atmosphere. I'd be eating here regularly if I lived nearby.
4	Another delicious locally owned spot! My husband and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. Oven & Vine is located in a converted house off of central ave and has a very cozy vibe. After choosing our seats we both ordered Hoegaardens which were a fantastic deal at $4 a pint. My husband chose the sopressata & olive flatbread, and I had  the baked vegetable pesto. My husband's flatbread was delicious, the mozzarella was fresh and creamy, the sauce was flavorful and the olives and sopressata added just enough salt. My baked pasta was good, but fell a little short. I loved how there were a ton of perfectly cooked vegetables in the dish. However the pesto was a little too oily and formed a pool at the bottom of the bowl. It was also a little too bland, nothing a little extra parmesan couldn't fix though. My dish was served with freshly baked bread which was quite good, I used it to sop up the extra oil, so the oily sauce came into good use. I will definitely return and would love to try more of the menu.
4	Many pizza joints on the area. This one is good and in the middle of the pack. Service was awesome, location is charming but hidden. We will be back because we support local and it is walking distance from our home.
5	Loved this place. It's got a quaint, cozy environment; very neighborhoody. The patio and bar area are a great place to grab a drink while you wait for a table, though you may just end up dining there as others were.And the food was excellent, and very reasonably priced. We started with the charcuterie and opted for manchego and burrata mozzarella cheese, complemented with prosciutto and spicy sopressata. It came with almonds and bread drizzled with olive oil. It was all delicious, though the burrata with balsamic won it for me. Afterwards we shared the Earl flatbread and quenched it's spiciness with some yummy cava and an IPA.I'd definitely like to take another (a few more?) trips to Oven + Vine. Maybe next time I'll get their early enough to indulge in their happy hour.P.S. The place does fill up fast, so don't be surprised if there is a 30+ minute wait. We were quoted about 45 minutes, but because some parties ended up eating at the bar, we were actually seated in less than 10 minutes.
4	This is an extremely cute addition to the small center on Vernon and Central. The dining room looks like you are eating in someone's living room, which is great, and the decor is a mix of old and modern. They have many beers on tap and a good happy hour I would like to check out in the near future. The food was solid. The husband and I split the baked rigatoni and the margherita flatbread. The rigatoni was good, but tasted a bit like something you could make at home. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, as it was really fresh and tasty, but it makes it harder to go to a restaurant to get it (unless you don't cook, in which case it's great!). The rigatoni came with delicious fresh baked bread. It was a nice amount of food for the small price tag (9$). The flatbread was very good. It had a lot of fresh basil and was flavorful. It was also large, we even took some home (and it was good the next day!). I would definitely come here for the flatbread again. And did I see that it was gluten free? I don't even know how they did that... overall, this place was very good, I will be back!
5	So quaint and such a homey feel when I walked in. Candles lit, dim room, such a great atmosphere. I was told to sit anywhere I like. :)bso I sat right in front of the fire place. ( can't wait til winter arrives so they can actually have the fire on )I ordered the roasted veggie pesto rigatoni. Phooooo nom minnn nalllllll!!!  The sauce was perfect,  and the brocoli was not over cook at all.. that was what I was worried about. Hehe. Yummmmmm. The veggie sandwich was wonderful.  And the chips, yumm idk of they were home made or not.The guy who greeeted us was also our waiter. He was awesome, so polite and very friendly. I neeed to come and try the pizza next time.  :))
4	Really good food! Greeni chicken is super. Service a bit slow for my taste, but then again I was myself
5	I love this place. Awesome service and great food. I love the au gratin potatoes and their flat breads are amazing.  They also have a good selection of local beers and a full bar. The atmosphere is cozy and you can see lots of regulars. There is a light rail station walking distance.
5	I have the biggest crush on this place. In fact, we are having an intense love affair such that I was here at least three times within a week span. You just can't resist the charm of the place, the people, and of course the delish carbs!!! It's everything everyone is gushing about. A local neighborhood spot tucked behind the busyness of Central but quaint enough to be your escape. You walk in and it's like being invited over for dinner. And it's tough, you get so cozy you want to stay for a very very long time. I love sitting at the bar, both inside and out, or you can grab a lawn chair and play the games outside. Once the weather coaxes you in, definitely plant yourself by the fireplace.I can't really pick any one item that's my fave because the menu appeals to any taste bud. I do love the flatbread, the whole smorgasbord that they offer, to go with the beers on tap. The green chili pork with a side of potato au gratin...need I say more. And to add to the indulgence, have the chocolate gelato. One scoop is enough...that coming from the biggest sweet tooth ever. Trust me, it's going to leave you with a happy face happy belly all night long and for days until you come back. What's wrong with that?
5	Such a big fan of this place.  My bf and I went here last night, to grab a drink and some food.  He's moving out here in a month, so we want to start trying out places to become our future haunts :)  We both felt this one would be visited on the reg!The service was spectacs, let me just tell you.  On point, considerate, everything always topped off, empties immediately taken away - you can't get much better!The food was tiiieeeeeeeght!  Any place with a charcuterie plate has my vote f'SHO!  We split that, the rigatoni, The Earl flatbread, AND the au gratin potatoes...if we weren't already bringing home so many leftovers, I would have asked for a second helping, to go.  That sh!ts was legits.The ONLY thing I would change is more chairs and less bar stools.  I could have sunk in a little deeper if there were more chairs...good thing?  Bad thing?  You choose :)
5	I love this place! Well... it's within a 2 minute walk from my house, but it's genuinely great food and a fun atmosphere. It's a cool, local restaurant with good food that you can see the staff preparing. They have a good beer/wine selection, but their food is outstanding. Their pork and short-ribs are awesome. The flat bread pizzas are good - especially the pesto one. Great local find!
5	I am so in love with everything about this place!  Been trying to stop in for a while but either came on a Sunday when they are closed or couldn't find it.  Finally found it and they were open!  The ambiance is comfy and relaxing yet hip and fun.  I noticed a good mix of customers... young 20's hipsters, mid 50's trying to be 20 and everything in between.  I didn't feel out of place at all being a mid 30's mom with a 12 yr old daughter with me.  I loved the outdoor area too!  After reading the reviews we both wanted to try the flatbreads.  I got The Earl and my daughter got the Margherita.  Both were amazeballs (my daughters exact word).  The Earl was spicier than I expected but so good!   The sauce is simple and sweet, crust is perfectly light and airy with a little crisp to it.  Huge size too!  When we arrived at 7pm it was pretty dead but when we left at 8pm it was starting to get packed and there weren't any open tables.  Without a doubt I will be back many times!
5	This place is fantastic!! It's a hidden gem in downtown Phoenix, and I'll definitely be back again and again after my experience this evening. Unreservedly, I give Oven and Vine five stars!! The previous owners of Portland's started this place, so I had high expectations before eating here. Both owners were working at the restaurant when I went. Luckily, their attention to quality and investment in the restaurant shows in both the menu and their staff. We had the braised beef and the Italian flatbread, and we then finished the meal off with some imported tiramisu. The beef was marinated in a light tomato stew for several hours and was incredibly tender. Fingerling potatoes accompanied the beef and were expertly roasted. The bread (including the flatbread) was fresh and delicious; it is homemade and, as a plus, completely vegan. In fact, everything tasted like it had been made that day. The tiramisu, although imported from Italy, was carefully selected by the restaurant and the best I had ever had. Important to note: the tiramisu was HUGE- definitely a shareable dessert if you have more than one person!Of exceptional note was the service. Finding great customer service is important to me, and unfortunately, it seems hard to come by these days. Not at Oven and Vine. Our waiter, Ronnie, made us feel like we were longtime friends of the restaurant. In choosing a bottle of wine, he brought us out some generous tastings to help us in making a decision. It was clear that he took great pride in the restaurant. The Pinot noir (Sharecropper's) we settled on was great!   All in all, Ronnie's enthusiasm was infectious and made the experience that much better. :) On a final note, the building is architecturally cool and close to rollover donuts, which is also an awesome place. Oven and Vine was working on developing the outside area, and I look forward to seeing how that turns out. There are some games and places to sit and enjoy wine. I will definitely be back again and cannot recommend this place enough!!
5	The braised beef and flatbread were delicious. They have a great grenache on tap. Also, the waiter I had was excellent. Very friendly and helpful guy. Great music playing, too. I will def be back to try out more of the menu very soon!
5	Yum, yum, yum!! This is such a great little spot, plus it's walking distance from my house (incentive to drink more wine I think)! These guys know what they are doing and I am so happy to see the owners have more success after Portlands closed. The menu has a nice selection of options, with flat breads taking up a good chunk of it. I've had many of them, most recently The Earl. Dang, that was one spicy flat bread but totally delicious. Their Ashland salad is quite yummy (you can't go wrong with bacon) and I also really like to get their roasted veggies too. The burrata is also delicious, I just wish there was more it to devour. I've also heard good things about the lasagna and green chile pork. They also have a nice selection of wines and beers with the waiters all being pretty knowledgeable in guiding you to a good glass. The food is always out quick, servers always friendly, plus the decor is just adorable. I love the bathrooms (weird to say but check them out and you'll agree :D).
5	We love this place--and not just because it's across the street! Everything is great- we especially love (in addition to the pizza that tastes right out of Naples) the green chili chicken, ribs and the au gratin potatoes. But more than this is the service! You're treated like friends and neighbors who've come over for dinner- not "customers." Highly recommend!!
5	Great experience! Super cute atmosphere, great food, fair prices, and awesome service!
5	Took foodie friends here. (They ran their own place in NM and make great homemade pizza.) The verdict is this place is a keeper. House white was superior. The flatbread had an intriguing crust with quality toppings; the salad was of quality ingredients; the vegetable rigatoni was worth coming back for; the braised beef was tender and tasty; we had a second order of fresh baked bread; but the potatoes stole the show. Candidate for Best Ever, reminiscent of Rosti. The whole experience was notably Continental.
3	I have been contemplating posting this since last night but I have to do it.  Brought a friend in last night since I have been raving about it.  Ordered my usual margherita pizza with spinach but opted for extra mozzarella cheese since they put so little on normally (I know that's how its supposed to be tho).  Pizza came and it was obvious from first look that the cheese was not the normal fresh mozzarella they use.  There were a few chunks of fresh mozzarella but mostly a yellowish grated cheese.  I tried a few bites and it tasted like the cheap crappy cheese.  I asked the waiter about it and he denied it and said it was all fresh mozzarella.  I couldn't eat the cheese and ended up taking the cheese off and ate just the crust and sauce.   The waiter came back a bit later and said he talked to the cook and confirmed it was fresh mozzarella and tried to blame it on the fact we had Burratta as an appetizer so the fresh mozzarella must taste bad compared to the Burratta since Burratta is such a top quality cheese.  I can't believe he said that but I dropped it.  I love the vibe of this place and every other time everything I've had rocked.  I will try it again but it it's crap cheese again I am done.  By the way... the Burratta I mentioned earlier was an accidental delivery.  We ordered the plain bread to start with and when he brought the plate it had Burratta on it and said he mistakenly put it in wrong and asked if we would eat it.  I said sure since they would have thrown it out otherwise.  I still got charged for it tho.  That's kinda shitty in my opinion.  I really hope this place isn't going downhill or cheaping out.  I hope it was just a bad night but I had to post it in case someone else has the same issue.
5	This family-owned business has gone through a metamorphosis and the result is impressive. The food was delicious and paired well with the large selection of wine from different regions. I tried the Burrata with fresh bread for the first time and I can't even explain how delicious it was. I kept thinking about it after. We also had a pesto and prosciutto flatbread that was amazing.  Every dish is baked in the huge brick oven you see in the kitchen. Simple but ingenious.   I definitely recommend that you stop in if you're in the phoenix area. Michelle and Dylan are genuine restaurateurs with a true passion in combining excellent cuisine and making you feel as if you're in company of long-time friends.
5	Awesome location. This is the definition of hidden gem. They even have a fire-pit and chairs for outdoor service. Another excellent addition to downtown Phoenix's urbanite food scene. Menu has salads, charcuterie, flatbreads, pasta, and sandwiches. Staff was attentive and engaging. Awesome chill spot.
