5	DJ Harry "O" did a fantastic job with our company holiday party. There were over 200 people at the event and he had the dance floor filled all evening! He was great at 'reading' the crowd and kept the party alive and fun! I have held several large events and would highly recommend DJ Harry "O" for your next event! He was responsive, professional, and easy to work with.
5	My girlfriend/wedding planner recommended Harry to me.  From the start he was on top of things, always promptly responding to my emails and very nice.  What I loved was that after we met he created a timeline and it was an ongoing work in progress so we could add/take away things as needed and every time I had a small change he would update the timeline and get it back to me.  That really made me feel at ease going into the wedding.   He was so thorough and organized from start to finish.  At the wedding everything went perfectly as planned and we loved having him part of our special day.  We also rented a screen for our slide show and it looked awesome the way he set it up and very professional. He is very sweet and on the top of my referral list. :). Thanks Harry!
5	Harry dj'd our wedding last weekend at Springs Preserve and did a great job. He dealt with our requests, even busting out some deep groove mixes on his turntables, creating some loops for our introductions, and dancing with the kids and adults, alike (even teaching some ballet and line-dancing moves). He's a consummate professional and made the entire day easier and more fun. The only suggestion that I would have is to be very clear with Harry about what you want and don't want (e.g., we didn't want line dancing or modern R&B, but we didn't make that as clear as we should have--I'm sure he would have accommodated). He made the night more fun and kept the energy going all night long.
5	Harry was excellent, plainly put. His prices were the best for the quality he gave. He was a great MC to the evening and in guiding our guests from "event" to "event" during our wedding reception. Our songs were played as requested and our guests loved him.He has a spreadsheet he shares with you to input information about yourself and what songs you might like which was really helpful!! One thing, I put "song dedications" because we had a few, and I wish I would have told him to play them throughout his normal dj-ing - completely my fault! Instead, they were played back-to-back.Either way, our guests loved him, we thought he did a great job, and we would pick him all over again if given a chance to redo it. Thanks Harry!!
5	Harry O was great to work with!  I'm based in IL and booked him for a work event in Las Vegas.  You can trust him - he's professional, responsive and a great DJ.
