4	Yep! It's open,With the growth of Surprise, there are going to be a whole lot more restaurants, fast food joints, and many other things opening around here. Taco Bell is one of the first! What can I say? I am a Taco Bell believer, really fell in love with them in my bachelor days! Saved me a lot of money! Love there flavored meat, and yes the are beef! Don't care what anyone says! Just like any other fast food joint! Service is the same, you get what you paid for people! Glad they open up!!
5	It's odd ro give a simple taco place 5 stars but this place deserves it.  I was pleasently "suprised" to find a Taco Bell that was so wonderfully clean to start with. The Asst. Mngr. took our order and was very polite a neatly groomed (a rare find at most TB's I've been to)  The tables were squeaky clean as was every part of the store. Our food was good and they portioned well so our tacos and tostado were not skimpy. I actually was full from my tostado as it had a hearty helping of beans YES!  I visited the ladies room when I got there and just before I left and they had actually cleaned it every 30 mins at stated on their restroom chart.  The proof of a VERY clean restaurant. The drive-thru was full but the employees looked like they were getting the orders out and nobody was just standing around chatting.  I gotta say it was such a nice change from what I would have expected.
5	Friendly staff, hot food, clean!  This place is always busy and a great bargain, especially during baseball season, when the Dbacks make 6 runs one more!
1	Worst Taco Bell ever!!! Very rude food was cold!! Now sauce was given or napkins! I will never return
4	Always curtious and fast.  Having been to several Taco Bells across the valley this one is one of the top ten.
5	As far as surprise goes, best tacobell hands down, the cleanest too. The beefy nacho grillers are fire
1	Wife was hungry for a taco so I went to Taco Bell (first time) and bought two crunchy supreme  and two crunchy tacos.  $6.09 a good price.  I took them home about 5 blocks away and as soon as we opened the bag out came a cold feeling, like when you open the reefer door.  We had to put them in the microwave for 30 seconds which turned them into a semi-warm sloppy mess oozing melted cheese and sour cream.  Needless to say we will go elsewhere when the next "gotta have taco alarm goes off".
1	I went throught the drive up window. The women who took the order was very rude and when we got to the window i paid and she handed me my 2 large sodas. She gave the first one to me fine. And the second one she let go and it fell and spilled all in my car. Not to mention we had to ask her for hot sauce. Every time I go there, she acts like she is in such a rush and is so rude. There were no cars at all in the drive up. So what's what rush? I will never go through the drive up again. And who knows i probably wont come to this location anymore. Terrible service.
5	Never had a problem at this Taco Bell. Always friendly staff and pretty fast for when they are busy. And what makes it even better, I won a PS4 from the Destiny Promotion they are having!
2	Since my last post, I am so cold when We eat here, summer, fall, winter, spring,  We always need jackets!  that is the only way We will go is when I use drive through.  BTW, I don't like drive through eating.  When I asked the crew about why is was so cold they said that they need it that cold for the back room......NEWS FLASH, TO THE OWNER OPERATOR,....call,the AC company and have them come and balance your units.  You are paying a fortune for your AC!  I think your crew is costing you a small fortune!
