5	Yes the rumors  are true Meat and Three has finally opened. We have been invited for a preview night and this place is just a amazing as their sister store Bread and Butter located in the same shopping center! Meat and Three has a unique concept- choose one meat and three sides, two sides, or one sides. The menu the chef has created a unique, contemporary American dishes that tastes absolutely amazing! For tonight's menu we were treated with an assortment of appetizers that consisted of baked pretzel bread, fried mashed potatoes and fried rice balls. The fried mashed potatoes were absolutely to die for. The smooth consistency of the buttery potatoes with the crunchy fried shell is a perfect combination. Next we were presented with the famous fried chicken that had a really nice rosemary batter. The fried chicken was accompanied by a carrot cole slaw, quinoa salad, and dill potato salad. I think this is what makes this is place the "new American contemporary" restaurant. The shredded carrots is marinated in a tangy onion dressing mixed with golden raisins and parsley. Trust me I hate carrots and I couldn't get enough of it! The quinoa salad  had a very "fresh and clean" taste from the minced celery and the potato salad is just like a traditional favorite with fragrant dill added. Last but not least our server gave us an assortment of pudding cups to try. They had pecan, butterscotch, and chocolate with other assortment of desserts. If you are a fan of Bread and Butter you will have no problem falling in love with his dessert concoctions!   Happy eating :)
5	We were at the sneak peek Friday night and OMGoodness Chef Chris & Chef Brian did not disappoint! My 8 year old tried everything...twice! Hubby was happy with the home made fried chicken and I fell in love with the carrot and raisin salad! Looking forward to them opening this Wednesday....between M & 3 and its sister Bread & Butter I may never cook again! (Though I would probably gain back some of the 92lbs I have lost since December!)
5	Went to a soft opening of Meat and Three, the hot new restaurant that is set to officially open in a few days. This place is the brainchild of Bread & Butter's, culinary genius Chef Chris Herrin. It is located just a hop skip and jump away from the bakery.The focus on this place is serving homestyle dinners which consists of your choice of meat and 3 sides, hence Meat and Three!! Comfort food Southern style! You place your order and pay at the counter, seat yourself, server brings out your food.The Food - Menu above the wall divides the list into four sections: variety of meats, then your choice of 3 sides:  cold or hot sides and pudding cup flavors. If your carb conscious like me you'll love that you are not just limited to potatoes either. You can choose any 3 sides you want.I chose to have the glazed root veggies, fresh fruit and chocolate/nutella pudding cup and Beef Brisket my meat choice. My side orders were served in colorful ramekins.  The Beef Brisket was served on a separate plate and was a pretty generous portion enough to feed 2! The savory juices made it fork tender. Combined with the root veggies, it was a perfect hearty meal. The puddin cup was the perfect size, rich and creamy chocolate.  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my meal. It is a good value for what I paid. I'm just concerned for families w/younger children. It can get steep paying the set price.  Would be cool if they had a more affordable price structure set for families on certain days. Like a Sunday Family dinner nite (hint hint) Service - Friendly and my order came out pretty quickly.  Atmosphere - Casual, country chic interior, the DIY wall art gives it a special kind of charm, table seating consists of separate tables & chairs for 2 or 4, banquette bench seating along the wall, communal/cafeteria style picnic table in center of dining area for larger parties, or the more sociable bunch. Seating out in front of restaurant if you want to dine Al Fresco. Looking forward to the official launch and many more meals here!
5	Located a few doors down from Bread and Butter, the long awaited sophomore effort from Chef Chris Herrin (former head baker at Thomas Keller's Bouchon) is available for Henderson residents to enjoy.   Born and raised in Tennessee myself, I came in with high expectations to find an option for my Southern comfort food cravings.  As the name implies, one has the choice of one meat (options on my visit were a half roasted chicken, half fried chicken, beef brisket, and porchetta (Italian style boneless pork wrapped and roasted in a layer of pork belly!)  and up to three sides ($10.95, $12.95, and $14.95) for 1,2,3 respectively.  One has columns of options posted chalkboard style above the register including cold and hot sides.  While this may seem steep from the meat and side offerings at your local KFC/Boston Market, rest assured that the portions are generous enough to easily feed two or more unless you want the full Southern experience of diabetes and heart failure.Communal tables are situated to evoke a picnic-like atmosphere for group meals and mingling with fellow neighbors and the decor is homey and unintimidating.  I loved the fact that Chef Herrin himself was doing his best rendition of  providing Southern hospitality weaving in and out of the kitchen greeting all the customers and he kindly offered the first thing I try was the fried chicken.The fried chicken did not disappoint as the coating had a solid crunch with a peppery finish and the chicken has been previously soaked in a salt brine resulting in a pristine texture full of flavor and succulence.  For those who have sampled the Ludo Truck from LA, this was very reminiscent of their fried chicken minus the profile of the herbs de provence.   Whereas nowadays there is often a movement towards complete transformation of common dishes to be consumed in a gourmet setting such as the ubiquitous lobster mac and cheese, the food here has a bit more restraint where humble dishes are prepared with a gourmet flare such as the addition of distinct notes to common sides such potato salad (fresh dill and crispy bacon) and  green beans (fresh lemon and caramelized onions).  With constant variation in the side items available on any given day, one will never get bored with the dizzying array of possibilities such as cheddar polenta with rosemary and blackeyed peas or roasted root vegetables with kale salad.  One also has the option to count dessert as one of their sides ranging from cakes to pastries and pudding cups that would have Bill Cosby going into a zim-zam and bobidy-bibidy frenzy.Perfect for dining in for a homestyle family dinner or picking up for a gourmet picnic sure to impress a loved one on an outdoor hike in any of the nearby trails/parks, this is yet another wonderful addition to the neighborhood in terms of both local flavor and building community.
5	At this point I'm pretty certain Chef Chris and crew could serve up my shoes and they would be amazing.A few feet down from my go to brunch spot (bread and butter) there is now Meat and Three. Having spent a great deal of time in the south I am a fan of the cafeteria style dining that Meat and Three pays tribute to. You can get your choice of meat with 1, 2, or 3 sides. Three were 4 meats on the menu: Porchetta, Brisket, Roasted Chicken, and Fried Chicken. There were way too many sides to even list.The menu is a lot to take in at first, narrowing it down is even harder since everything I've tried had been amazing. The ordering process was pretty simple, tell the girl at the counter what you want, she checks it off a little sheet, and hands it back to the kitchen. Pay the cashier, grab your drinks and pull up a chair.The place has a great atmosphere much like bread and butter, there is a big communal table with several 2 tops surrounding it. One wall is covered in repurposed pallets, another is covered in what appears to be a delicious crossword puzzle, another wall is covered in mustards, hot sauces, salts, and various other condiments, while the open kitchen is a nice show while they prep your food.The meal starts off with appetizers, we got Pretzels and Peanuts a great starter. It ws followed up by our order. We had Porchetta , fried chicken, mashed potatoes, coleslaw, bacon dill potato salad, root veggies, and a smores and dark chocolate pudding cups to finish the meal off.The Porchetta was great, moist on the inside with a great crunch on the outside. The bacon dill purple potato salad was good, the coleslaw and mashed potatoes were delish, and the Root Veggies were AMAZING, I will be having pretty much all of them again sometime soon.During the meal Chef Chris brought out a crock of Mac and Cheese, it isn't on the menu yet, but it was some of the best Mac and Cheese I've had. The pudding cups were a great dessert, but to be totally honest I think I would get an extra side over the pudding cup, even with the bruleed marshmallow on the Smores Pudding cup.The portions are a good size and the food is outstanding. Another great  restaurant offering from Chef Chris and Crew...keep up the good work!!!
4	Opening night.  Good comfort food.  Staff was very attentive and Steve was extremely friendly. The fried chicken was delicious-juicy and the breading was flavorful.  The  choices for sides were diverse and very tasty.  We tried 6 sides-the favorites were mashed potato, Mac/cheese, fried Brussels sprouts.  If you like bread/butter restaurant, you will like this pace too.
4	For the last couple of months, downtown's eat has been the hottest restaurant in town and received all of the buzz. Now it's Meat and Three's turn, and it exceeds expectations.The first Friday they were open, my wife and I made the loooong trek to Henderson from downtown. It was absolutely worth it! My wife got the porchetta and I got the fried chicken after reading all of the rave reviews about it here. We weren't feeling terribly adventurous and each got the same conventional sides of mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. However, adventure was brought to us when our waitress brought out a bunch of extra sides on the house. The bacon dill potato salad was unexpectedly tasty, but the carrot raisin salad was the real surprise. I'm not usually fond of carrots, raisins or anything called a salad, but it had a light, refreshing taste that didn't smack you in the face with vegetable flavor.I haven't mentioned the chicken. MY GOD, THE CHICKEN. The meat was tender but the breading is where it really shined. Perfectly seasoned with some rosemary and unknown spices, it was unexpectedly spicy enough to call for a drink refill but not hot enough to be uncomfortable. The breading was tenuously held to the meat, and it would fall off in pieces into a big pile of deliciousness. Divine.As for cons, there aren't many:1. They're very slow. That's fine, because the end result is absolutely worth it, but don't go if you're in a hurry.2. Location. With all of the money that the city and Downtown Project are throwing around to fund new businesses downtown, I don't know why Chef Chris ever set up shop all the way in Henderson. But I'm probably just being selfish.tl;dr Meat and Three is phenomenal. Let's just hope that Guy Fieri doesn't come here and ruin it.
5	Atmosphere- A relaxed with a touch of a refined touch. The restaurant is a testament to Pinterest gone right. Song lyrics on the walls, calming neutral colors, plenty of seating. communal areas all add up to comfortable dining experience. Food- Phenomenal, as always. A group of three is the perfect size to do family style. My group ordered the pancetta, fried chicken, and brisket. When asked which dish was our favorite, we each pointed to something different. The brisket is the best I have had in a long time. It is tender enough to be broken up with a fork and juicy enough not to be drowned in sauce. As for the sides, they are well balanced and clever. I mainly devoured the spaghetti squash, swiss chard, and faro salad. If there was an AYCE on sides, I would do that. I have also questioned Chef Herrin about his devotion to pudding, but I cannot deny that it is delicious. This man can do no wrong. A thriving bakery and a soon to be explosive restaurant. I would highly suggest getting in before it becomes too busy to find a seat. With all the publications coming out with pieces on this place, it will no longer be an Anthem secret.
5	I don't even want people to know about this place because I'll have to wait longer, but wowzers, amazing flavors.  The sides (or three) are the real stars here.  The fried brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes were my favs.  The brisket was a little chewier than I'd like.  One of your sides can be these little dessert cups.  Delicious!
5	Our friend Chris Herrin, who created the incredible Bread & Butter bakery where we get our muffins & bagels, has just opened a new place called Meat And Three.Specializing in dinner selections that combine taste & heartiness, Meat And Three promises to provide the same value & satisfaction that has made Bread & Butter bakery such a great local success.JJ stopped by Meat And Three tonight, and Chris generously bestowed this amazing meal on the unsuspecting barista.The meal consisted of fried chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy, fried brussel sprouts & a farro salad. All of it was perfectly cooked, with just the right seasoning. And it was followed up by some rum raisin pudding that was so tasty that it evoked childhood memories of family holidays past.(Come on! Who pulls off fried brussel sprouts?!)Check this place out!
5	My husband and I went to Meat and Three yesterday and I we loved it! We are BIG fans of Bread and Butter so we had high hopes for the restaurant.The restaurant was a little hot and smoky, but I just read on their Facebook page that their A/S was getting fixed so that should not be a problem in the future. We both chose one meat and three sides (piggies!). I ordered the fried chicken, hubby got the roast chicken, and we shared the mac and cheese, mashed potatoes with gravy, cole slaw and a green bean dish as well as two strawberry and chocolate puddings. Phew, was that a lot of food! Everything was delicious, just for some reason I didn't fall in love with the fried chicken, but I have heard this is similar to Thomas Keller's fried chicken recipe (chef/owner Chris Herrin worked at Bouchon as their baker). So I am definitely coming back to give it another shot.
5	Whenever there's an opportunity to support a local business, I'm all in...and in this case, it's a no brainer; Chef Chris Herrin who has blessed us with 'Bread + Butter' has recently rolled up his sleeves and produced another F&B concept that is culinary dynamite.  'Meat & Three' is his latest creation, a new take on an American classic: Barbecue and sides, a concept resembling a modern gourmet picnic spread, evolving traditional comfort food with sophistication and quality (it reminds me of the food I used to get from my hometown NYC).  I couldn't be more excited about this new arrival for locals community!True to its Southern home cooking roots, Meat & Three concept is  simple;  you order a main (protein) and up to three sides which include hot, cold and dessert for a very reasonable price, given the quality of the food.  It's quick casual; you order and pay at the counter, grab a number and they bring the meal to the table...best service delivery ever in my opinion.The interior is simple yet thoughtful, the cool covered walls are warmed with the lighting and wood fixtures (I love sitting at the communal table).With all the choices, it can be tough to make a decision; it was a toss up between the Fried Chicken and the Porchetta, both of which came highly recommended. And in terms of the sides, there are so many options that look amazing, I was already contemplating my next visit while ordering at the counter.  My final choices were:  the Fried Chicken with Carrot + Mint Slaw, Roasted Root Vegetables and the Mac N' Cheese. (no dessert this time, as tempting as they were).The MainI am pretty tough to impress when it comes to Fried Chicken, it's one of my favorite foods on this earth and I do eat a lot of it (not to mention I fry a pretty darn good piece of poultry myself).  So it's exciting to see what a innovative touches a Chef can present with a classic like this.As everything started to come out, I noticed first the dark exterior of the skin, a deep brown umber hue with specs of spice covered crevices that  retain and lock in the moisture and flavor.Biting into the crispy shell with an uber crunch, juices oozed out in waterfalls, making puddles onto the wax paper-I've never experience such a mouthwatering piece of poultry before, it was succulent in such a way that is diametrically opposite to its spicy exterior crunch.  Heavy on the Thyme and Sage, it also had a little heat to it-most excellent.The Sides:One thing about sides; there's always an excitement that come about when you're faced with deciding what side to get; which ones you love, what are the best combinationsCold Sides:  Carrot + Mint SlawDo not bypass this dish, as vegetables go. this is the ultimate; an excellent combination of Carrots, Mint, Raisins with a sliver of Onion all in perfect synch makes it a refreshing, savory and sweet side  complimentary to any main.  Because it was so unique and surprising, it was the best side in my opinion, I am in love.Hot Sides: Roasted Root VegetablesA medley of Roasted Potatoes, Carrots, Parsnips and Turnips all of my favorites in one dish.  Again to my surprise,  there was a sweet and savory subtleness to the roasted component in lieu of a normal caramelized charr one might anticipate.  Soaked in a delicious sauce, my brain was racked with synaptic misfires trying to connect with my taste buds in determining what was in it  - I wish I could make this at home.Hot Sides:  Mac N' CheeseThis is such a BBQ staple that it is often most desired, yet is almost always disappointing - either too runny or not cheesy enough it can be ruinous!  But I can say, that M+3 has delivered probably the best Mn'C I've ever had; uncomplicated, creamy and with perfect consistency, it takes you on gradual journey from simple cheese blending to creamy decadence.Cold Sides: Bacon Dill Potato SaladI was brought a complimentary side (thanks!) and I'm so glad that they did, unlike any other Potato Salad, this was infused with Herb Dill (I love) and the soul richness of Bacon.  Not too heavy on any grease, the soft texture of potato starchiness shines through with added sophistication.All I know for certain, I'm coming back each week to order up another Meat and Three combination until I've eaten everything on the menu..Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:          5Ambience:  4Service:      5
5	First, I am not a personal friend of Chris Herrin as half of the other reviewers seem to be. That said, I love this place. The food is very very good and Chris Herrin is a very cool host-  (he was there the three different times I was there). One time I went with a friend who works at a two star Michelin restaurant on the strip who spent the hour shoveling food into his mouth with his only comments being "THIS food is REALLY good!" Two days later I heated up some of the fried chicken I took home and it was still excellent.  I like Bread and Butter but the food here is better.
2	I really wanted to love this place...there are so many great reviews, but I can only write about the items we had and of course, provide the review IMHO.We ordered:-Porchetta: flavor was decent, but I didn't like the sogginess of the skin.  -Fried chicken: chicken was moist but too heavy on the breading and very bland.  I prefer Popeye's chicken over this...eek.  But I guess at least those pieces were cooked.  The table to our right had to send their fried chicken back since it wasn't fully cooked.  But no worries, they had two complimentary dessert cups for that screw-up.-Fried brussel sprouts: was yummy.  -Mashed potatoes and gravy:  yum...KFC mashed potatoes and gravy.-Butternut Squash: I miss my butternut squash soup.-Swiss Chard: um...good for people who doesn't like to chew since it was so mushy.  It was also kind of grainy, as if I was chewing sand here and there.-Spaghetti Squash 'Al Pastor': Don't know what is al pastor about this, but we only took a couple of bites and pushed it aside.Pros: Decor, amush buche (pretzel and the pimiento cheese dip), fried brussel sproutsCons: Everything else that we tried.Maybe I should have gotten briskets?  And the desserts?  There are many maybes that could have changed  my view, but for now, it is a Meh.
3	This place is one of those restaurants I just wanted to love, the reviews on here have generally been glowing so it was without hesitation that when the in-laws offered up the idea of eating here on Wednesday night we really couldn't say no.With four of us dinning we were able to sample a broad range of foods, covering a good chunk of the menu, so to make life a little easier I am going to offer up my opinions of each dish.Beef Brisket : Superb, one of the best briskets we have ever sampled.Porchetta : Another great dish, a little juicer and it would have been superb.Fried Chicken : Was ok, the Skin was perfectly cooked, the taste of the skin was good, however, the actual size of the chicken pieces were small.Roasted Chicken : Honestly, blah, pretty much on the same level as Costco chicken, so not great.Bacon Dill Potato salad : A nice dish, nothing amazing but okGreen Beans : A very weak dish, no taste to them at all.Sweet Potato Croquettes : Very good, a dish we all enjoyed, the sauce they were served with was excellent.Mashed potatoes and gravy : Are we back at school here ? Seriously, one of the worst excuses for mash potatoes and gravy I have tasted, the gravy was well, a yellowy watery tasteless mess, the potatoes were ok, but swimming in a watery film called gravy.Fried Brussel sprouts : I will say this up front, I hate Brussel sprouts with a passion, however, I decided to sample a tiny bit just so I could honestly review them...And damn it, they were great, whatever the preparation the chef used really produced a great flavor.One little thing here, a dish that WOULD sit well with some of these meats would be the truffle potatoes served at the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, just food for thought if Chef Herrin happens to read this review.Lemon meringue pudding : A nice one, just the right amount of tart lemon taste.Oreo : Pretty blah, except for the top coating of chocolate which really saved  day.Tiramisu : Again, to be upfront, I LOVE tiramisu if it's on the menu I am ordering it, sadly this one, well I am still trying to figure out exactly what the taste was, it certainly wasn't tiramisu, I thought for a second we had been given a butterscotch for a second, but nope, that wasn't the taste, so a certain miss on that one.The service was good, while it is "cafeteria" style we were checked on regularly by the staff.So all in all, yes we would eat there again, maybe we hit the place on a bad night, there were clear winners and clear losers when it came to the dishes, with a little seasoning some of those dishes could have been good to superb.
5	It's as good as everyone says it is. The biggest negative is that the restaurant isn't bigger. They need a larger space to accommodate the hoards of hungry diners waiting to eat here. For our family of three (two adults and a four year old) we got two orders of the "meat and three" which was a reasonable $32.32.The proteins consisted of the beef brisket and half of a roasted chicken. The chicken -- unfortunately, a little dry -- was one huge bird. We had enough for leftovers the next day. The brisket was simply amazing. Calling it the best brisket in town might be justified. It didn't matter that there weren't any more knives at our table because it was as tender as a well cooked pot roast.Out of the six other items we got, the fried brussels sprouts were the runaway hit. They were crispy to the point of almost being like potato chips and so good that I'd be happy to eat them and nothing else on a return visit. The green beans were delicious and the two orders of mashed potatoes were good, especially if you like them smooth and creamy. The butternut squash had a consistency and the look of mashed sweet potatoes. The last item, an oreo pudding, was very good without being too sweet.The best seat in the house might be the communal table. If you don't mind having dinner with complete strangers you could be entertained by the people around you. Two of the people across from us were great to talk with and made the meal that much more enjoyable. It was a great experience all around with the delicious food and good company.
3	With the rave reviews and the famed sister, Bread& Butter, I was really excited to try this place after the beer fest birthday festivities and invited a friend to join us and her kiddos. It's counter service and seat yourself. This is DIY drinks and condiments. I like they had sweet green ice tea as a drink option and I'm a sauce person so the large hot sauce, ketchup mustards, pickled garlic and green beans were appreciated. It's cute in here in that Pinterest does country cozy type way. The silverware and napkins are on the table which was kinda sketch. Immediately the kids grabbed some to play with and took them away before one loses an eye waving a butterknife. I know a lot of parents don't pay attention and don't care so I was imagining a random baby used my fork as a pacifier and putting it back. I'm not even a germaphobe, but that bothered me. We got a meat & three times two. The fried chicken is really crispy so it's for the fans of the heavier breading style. I like crispy, but the batter was a bit heavy handed even for me but it was juicy and pretty decent over all. The porchetta was juicy and the touch of berry sauce was a good pairing with it. Fried brussels sprouts were great in that chip kind of way. Easy to want to nosh a plate and I set it off with some hot sauce from the wall of condiments they have. Mash potatoes were standard, but quality. Mac N cheese was proper. Potato croquettes turned out to be sweet potato and come with a cream sauce which I highly enjoyed. Bacon dill potato salad was great flavor though it had too big potato pieces that in 3 bites it was basically all done.Complimentary they gave us some bread rolls with pimento cheese which were nice and ended the meal with some small snickerdoodle cookies. We also got pistachio, pecan and lemon merengue pudding cups. It was decent enough of a dessert, but nothing too standout. At the end of the day - it's pudding. They were nice enough at the counter and the chef came to check on us which was nice for a counter service place to do. I think it's still important to check on people. So the food generally was good, but I think the portions to price to ambiance is a bit off.  Based on some reviews that said portions were good, we only got 2 meat and threes to share between 3 adults and that was not the case at all. I wont count the kids who took 2 bites of mac n cheese and proceeded to eat yogurt puffs from home. The fried chicken says half and we received 3 pieces which was a drumstick and the thigh cut in half so a fourth and not a half. The porchetta was one slice, the size of a teacup plate. Sides are standard sizing in that they're in those little souffle ramekins a lot of places use.  I debated on getting another portion of maybe the specials since people seemed to be getting them and the portions looked good, but we were there close to closing so I decided we should just go. No, I'm not expecting fatty wheelbarrel me out type portions, but I dunno how I feel about leaving not hungry, but also not at a comfortable full. With it also being serve yourself on top of that, $55 (w/ a bit of tip) seems a bit high to me. I'm still a bit buzzing from beer fest when I ate and if I feel this way on happy vibes then well that isn't good. Food is decent enough, but we do not drive from Centennial to go eat at just decent again so I think I'm a pass for this place. I'm not buying into the hype.
4	We ate here, like, the day after their grand opening and it was awesome!My husband had fried chicken, I had the porchetta and we both got macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes because we are boring like that. (We also tried pudding cups- mine was chocolate peanut butter and it was YUMMY.) The complimentary pretzel bread and pimento cheese starter was delicious.  The sides were delicious. The fried chicken was OUTSTANDING- super crispy breading and awesome flavor with just a bit of heat.To be honest, I was disappointed in the porchetta, but I have never eaten it before and I don't usually eat pork, soo... I don't really know if it's good or not! Actually, I only ordered it because I had seen an interesting porchetta recipe while browsing some food blog the night before and it seemed like a potentially delicious coincidence to spot it on the Meat and Three menu! Ok, now that you've had some insight into the mysterious internal workings of my mind, BACK TO THE REVIEW.The food was great! The service was very friendly but slow, but they literally JUST OPENED so we'll cut them some slack. They also brought out three complimentary sides for us to try, which I would never have ordered on my own- garlic dill potato salad (yummy), coleslaw (not so yummy, but I don't like coleslaw) and a carrot raisin salad that I would not have touched with a 10-foot pole had it not been delivered to me for free, but I love free things so I tried it, and ended up eating the whole thing. It has a great, fresh flavor and I highly recommend it.They also sent us home with a big box stuffed with like, half a dozen pastries (we ate close to closing time), which was awesome!I can't wait to go back and maybe try some different proteins and see what else gets added to the menu!
4	Got the beef brisket (so delish and tender, I almost cried!!) with mac-n-cheese, green beans with caramelized onions and lemon, and carrot salad. My friend got the porchetta (it was good, but my brisket was better!) and the glazed root veggies, farro salad, and mashed butternut squash. We went at 8 pm on a Thursday and the fried brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes were already sold out - sad! Will just have to go back! Also they only had 4 dessert pudding flavors left. Mac-n-cheese was the best side and the first finished, and then the root veggies would probably be my second favorite - a great Fall dish and yummy, sweet flavor of the medley of veggies. Also with three sides, it was enough food that I feel satisfied, not stuffed, and we actually took a small box home of leftovers. Thought I was mulling over getting a pudding to cup to go if they had the Chocolate with Nutella in stock, but guess I'll have to come back! Fun ambience, attentive service, and when I asked, one of the servers knew exactly what was in the veggie dish (carrots, parsnips, and turnips).$16.16 for a Meat and 3 sides. I will definitely be back - looking forward to seeing new menu items and to trying the dishes that were sold out this visit...A  great addition to the Henderson area!PS - the hours are 11am to 9 pm
5	Fried chicken plate was very good. Almost seemed burned, but wasn't just a darker breading. Awesome Brisket too. Cranberry orange pudding is highly recommended.Meat and Three lived up to the expectations!
5	Yum!!!  This is a great restaurant.  Great food and staff!!!  Chris Herrin, the owner, is outgoing and a great chief!!!  Enjoyed while on a trip to Las Vegas with 5 Gal Pals from college.  In choosing restaurants, we were looking for special food.  My goal was to not eat at a chain restaurant.  Thanks Meat and Three for helping us reach my goal!!!  Our entire group thought that Meat and Three was a special experience and cheap too!!!
5	Another culinary home run courtesy of Bread & Butter's Chris Herrin. 3 visits in it's first two weeks, different dishes each time, and it's always delicious. Can get crowded so be prepared. Follow them on Facebook for updates on the daily menu and specials such as buy one, get one free or complimentary desserts! Will definitely be back!
5	This place is a must try! After hearing about it decided to check it out. Amazing Southern Comfort Food. We decided to try the brisket, and fried chicken which I Highly recommend both, tender & juicy. We got 6 sides: potato croquettes, mashed potatoes, green beans, Mac n Cheese, bacon dill potato salad & a lemon meringue pudding cup. All were extraordinary boosting with flavors.The staff was extremely friendly & helpful. The Owner/Chef also sent a complimentary side of fried Brussel sprouts which ended up being our favorite side. Thankful for that & our amazing dining experience.I'll be back. Many more times!
4	After reading all the great reviews for this new joint, I invited six of my closest friends to dine with me last Thursday night to check it out.  We arrived around 7:30pm and there was room enough for all of us at one of the dining bench tables--it's park dining indoors!  We all did our research of the menu before arriving, except for the fact that we could bring our own alcohol.  There is no beer or wine on the menu, but customers are free to bring their own (not that I'm a lush, but some of my friends are close!).  I ordered the famed beef brisket, brussel sprouts, mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes and gravy (which they ran out of after I ordered it).  The brussel sprouts are amazing!  I never eat them, but the reviews mentioned them and my Yelp peeps were not wrong.  The brisket was good, but I should have gone with the fried chicken, which one of my friends had.  Some of the others also had the brisket and the consensus was that it was a little too fatty, not enough meat.  I was happy with the "Three" that I ordered, though.  Friendly service and the person I assume was the manager checked on us often and refilled our drinks.  I didn't get a chance to try the pudding for dessert, but I'll be back and have another chance at that, plus the chicken!
5	My OG Ryan B and I decided to meat for lunch on Thanksgiving and he asked if I had any restaurant ideas. I had remembered seeing Meat And 3 mentioning on their Facebook page that they would be open that day, so I suggested we try it out. As a fan of Bread & Butter, I couldn't wait to give this place a try. We arrived around 12:30 and they weren't busy at all. We were greeted warmly and everyone in the restaurant wished us a Happy Thanksgiving. I was having a hard time deciding what sides I wanted and they offered me samples of the ones I was debating between. That helped in my decision-making process. I decided on the porchetta as my meat and chose the fried brussel sprouts, swiss chard and macaroni & cheese as my three sides. My mom went with the turkey and ordered the mixed green salad and mashed potatoes for her sides. My Ryan ordered the brisket with sweet potatoes, stuffing and mashing potatoes. They started us with some of their bread with pimento and cheese dressing, a nice start. Our meals came out and we were absolutely delightful. All the proteins were moist and flavorful. The sides were great as well. My favorite was probably the brussel sprouts. They were cooked well and I can't wait to try them again soon. All of us were so incredibly and happy with our meals. We left feeling extremely stuffed and pleased with our meals, planning another visit soon. I'm looking forward to trying their fried chicken next time. I'm thinking about sharing that and just doubling up on the sides, since those are always my favorites.As we ate, the restaurant filled with large parties gathering for their holiday meals and other customers coming in to pick up their catering orders. Every person was greeted warmly as well.
5	Amazing! Greatest vegatables ever!  We tried everything and had no complaints. Brussel sprouts to die for!   S'mores pudding, really??!  I could hardly move!  We will be back! Highly recommended.
5	When you can't be with the ones you love, honey,Love the ones you're with.And love the ones I was with is exactly what I did, as I spent my Thanksgiving not with my family, but with Elite Emily and her mother. She suggested Meat and Three, and after reading some of the reviews, I was on board. It was my only hope for a traditional Thanksgiving meal at this point.However, if you think you know what you are craving when you walk into Meat and Three, there's a high probability you're wrong. When faced with all your options, suddenly there's decisions and choices, and that backs things up of course.We made reservations, but it wound up being not necessary as when we entered in, we were promptly showered with Thanksgiving salutations, and not phony ones... they seemed genuinely happy to have us there, and on a day that I was missing my family, that was a great touch.For those unfamiliar with a "meat & three" restaurant (which I was), it's a popular concept in the South -- for one set price, you get a meat and three sides. Simple, right? Well, those who know math know that between 6 meat options, 6 cold side options, 10 hot side options, and 7 pudding cup options, that equals exactly 308 kajillion combinations.I had to get my Thanksgiving sides: stuffing, mashed potatoes, and sweet potatoes, but when it came to ordering my meat, I stopped short of turkey. A nagging intuition (my tummy) said "Turkey is good, but you want the beef brisket!" I know I probably broke 10,000 years of American tradition, and now have everyone at Fox News hating me (because they didn't before), but I eschewed the turkey for the brisket.And I was PLEASED, d*** it! DON'T YOU JUDGE ME!!!No, seriously, the beef brisket is one of the best I ever had. You touched it with your fork, and it fell apart in juicy deliciousness. The mashed and sweet potatoes were great, and the stuffing was like a cornbread kind of stuffing, which left me hoping that this would be a permanent addition and not just a Thanksgiving thing. All the portions were big enough to do a little sharing, so we liberally passed things around for our dining pleasure.Elite Emily loaded up on vegetables, which included grilled brussel sprouts. One day I'll have her head checked. But her pork was juicy and flavorful, which was killer for me, because it's so easy to mess up pork.It's also easy to mess up turkey, which Mama R got and I tried as well. Juicy and plump, not only in the dark meat but the white meat as well. So good I would have sworn my own family made it.Meat and Three may be a bit of a drive, being way up in the Anthem neighborhood, but it's definitely worth the drive. Side dishes change up every few months or so, encouraging repeat visits. And there will be repeat visits. For the meat and three, you'll pay (after drink and tax) almost $20, and you'll definitely receive your money's worth.With good company and good food, Thanksgiving was made a little more joyful this year.
3	ehhhhhhh, was the first thing that came to my mind.  I had high expectations with these mom and pop joints opening up and getting a lot of buzz but this one certainly did not live up to the hype.I ordered the fried chicken and mac n cheese while my friends ordered the brisket and Salisbury steak.Fried chicken - cooked to perfection but BLANDsalsbury steak - big chunk of ground beef with decent gravybrisket - super soft melt in your mouth but small portionMac n cheese - BLAND and not cheesyThey have a big wall of sauces/condiments near the soda machine which i assume is to make up for the lack of flavor in the food.Overall, I live on the west side of town and this place is not one where i would make a drive out to just have again.
4	Well when a place gets good reviews on here and I have a so so meal, I always try to go back and try it again, just in case I hit it on a bad night. This was clearly the case here.The meal this time was a lot better, the seasoning was good, the taste perfect.I ordered the Porchetta which I think will become my meal of choice here, with it I ordered the mashed potatoes, but instead of the chicken gravy I went with mushroom gravy they use on the Salisbury steak, with the Porchetta it made a great combination.Honestly though, they could do with another potato dish,as I mentioned in my previous post, the truffle potatoes served at the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmo would go well with any of the meats served here, also roast potatoes would be great.So all in all, a far better meal, let's hope they can produce this consistently.
4	Food was incredible!  In fact, I had what was pictured.  The seating, like Bread and Butter, isn't too big so sometimes you have to wait.  Fun environment and friendly service.  Prices were reasonable for what you got but have seen lower prices elsewhere.  I'm all about contributing to the local businesses vs the chains.  My 7 year old found the food kind of spicy so if we do go back, we'll have to choose something else for her.  However, she loved the Nutella pudding.  Oh my goodness it was yummy!
5	Good home cooked food everything tasted great and the service was awesome!
4	Glazed Root Veggies - YUM!!! S'mores Pudding Cup - YUM!!!! Salisbury Steak - YUM!!! Pretzel Bread with Pimento Cheese Spread- YUM!!!The above ^^^^ were the standouts during dinner....The Mashed potatoes were creamy and the cole slaw was right on target. The BF's salad tasted good and was a good size as well - surprisingly I really enjoyed the BF's Salisbury Steak. I never ever pick that meat option but man, the flavoring was tasty and all the mushrooms and non-heavy gravy type of sauce was yummy.... I LOVED THE GLAZED ROOT VEGGIES!!! SO GOOD.....I ordered the fried chicken and because I'm a white meat type of girl my 1st question to the cashier was if I paid extra could I just get breast pieces cause chicken legs are so yucky to me. She said that I couldn't pay extra but that I would be getting a leg,thigh and breast. So, I was satisfied knowing a breast piece was coming my way...Well, when the fried chicken came I noticed right away that I got a leg and 2 thigh pieces - I let the waiter know and he said no problem - he'd get me a breast... a few minutes later he brought me 2 more pieces and assured me that one of them was a breast piece. Sadly, they were still both thigh pieces but at this point I decided to just eat my food. I don't know if the heavy breading on the pieces make it hard to distinguish if it's a breast or not???? Anyhow, I read in earlier reviews that the chicken was bland - well, my chicken was rather tasty - the only problem though was that with 1 bite the breading fell off and the breading was to hard as well it was like a hard shell....FYI- if it's a busy night like it was when we went and you don't sit right in front of the cashier be ready to be forgotten.... I had to get up twice - once to ask for bread and pimento cheese spread and another time for utensils. I decided to try the S'mores pudding cup which was heavenly!!!! Loved it!!! and I also tried the strawberry shortcake pudding cup which was a disappointment because there was only a hint of strawberry taste in this whole cup - the strawberry flavoring was too light and I think there wasn't enough cake in the cup as well....I was also looking forward to ordering my much loved polenta but the cashier told me that they have stopped serving it..... :(The pistascio macaroon was yummy and large....To my surprise the owner who was packing my goodies added some muffins and other flavors of macaroons for us to try at home for free. That was very nice of him and greatly appreciated!!!!All in all the prices are a bit high but the food at Meat and Three was yummy and we will be coming back but hopefully next time I'll get my chicken breast piece and the tasty breading will not all fall off.....
5	Had to try this place after being a big fan of Bread & Butter and I was not dissapointed.  My favorite thing was the fried brussel sprouts and the pretzels that come out before the food.  The portions are a great size and all the food was tasty.  Can't wait to go back again and try more.
4	I decided to stop by since I was already on this side of town for work. From reading the Yelp reviews, I was very much interested in trying the porchetta (pr. por-KETT-a). I hate pronouncing things wrong, but now I know. I wasn't corrected but I heard the cook call out an order that way. Luckily, I ran into another Elite there, Melia S and I asked her which sides were good. She convinced me to try the mac and cheese and a tip I saw from Emily R had me ordering the brussel  sprouts with an open mind. I never had brussel sprouts that I liked but I knew these were fried and the fried version of anything should always be put in a separate category.In this case, fried brussel sprouts belong on a pedestal compared to brussel sprouts prepared any other way. These were quarter-cut, fried and perfectly salted. They had a little tang to them, maybe lemon squeezed on them? I liked how some of the outer leaves got seperated in the frying processed and became "chips." Those ones were really good. The side dish was huge! Definitely plan on sharing or eating all of them while you're there because just like french fries, they will not taste great if you try to take them home for leftovers. I enjoyed my porchetta, it had a crispy layer of skin, thick layers of fat and flavorful pork meat. It had pesto in between the rolls. I've never had or heard of this before so I have nothing to compare it to but I did enjoy it. The mac and cheese was good, pretty standard so not anything spectacular. I ordered a chocolate nutella pudding cup which was perfect to end my meal. Sometimes you just need a few bites of something sweet after your meal without having to commit to a whole big ole dessert. These pudding cups are perfect for that.
3	This restaurant is ok.  Nothing to special.  Nice idea and concept, but maybe fell a tad short of the hype. It is a newer restaurant, so they should be able to get things straightened out over time.The chefs working behind the cashier, very friendly.Brisket is a very small portion, but the Porcetta is a big tasty cut.
5	Five stars just for those crispy fried Brussels sprouts. I would go there right now for a plate of green salty brown goodness. The other night when I was eating the Brussels sprouts I was thinking McDonald's could sell them as quickly as they do french fries. Everyone would feel better about themselves, too, but McD's couldn't pull off the quality at a good price. Shame.Anyhow. The meat is great too. Baked chicken was great fresh and the next day for leftovers.I went for the carrot salad which is one of those things that you can only eat part of and save the other part for later because there's so much flavor your mouth can't handle it. Everything is delicious. Service is great. The restaurant is located on the BEST side of town and the decor is modern and warm.
5	Locally owned!Cute, minimalist interior (very un-Vegas)!Good food!Big portions!Reasonable prices!Good location (for me)!On to the details: Before your food comes out, they bring you bread with pimento cheese spread - delicious! The bread was warm and fresh, and I could have eaten everything they served us, but I was trying not to fill up before my meal. The cheese spread didn't sound too good (pimentos - what are those things anyway??), but it was great, too: creamy, cheesy, and a little spicy. We also had the fried brussel sprouts as an appetizer and they were excellent - highly recommend.For my meal, I had the fried chicken, which had an excellent crispy spicy breading and was 3 pieces (breast, thigh, and leg, I think), which was too much food for me. The sides I sampled were:lemon meringue pudding cup (good, but I'm not reallly a lemon meringue fan, so I was disappointed when they were sold out of the oreo)mac & cheese (surprisingly bland. I was hoping for better)mashed potatoes & gravy (awesome, like what you hope to make at home but can never quite achieve)white beans (never my fave, but I ordered them for the munchkin, and she loved them)Logistics: the place isn't very big, but at 6:30 on a weeknight, we had no problem getting seats at one of the big communal tables. There is no alcohol (maybe they're working on a permit?), but I did see one of the tables next to us bring a bottle of wine, so I guess it's BYO. No word on corkage fee.Overall, I highly recommend meat and three for its concept, its uniqueness, and especially, its food.
5	GREAT food, great concept.  The roast chicken was moist and juicy with a crispy skin.  The mashed potatoes were AWESOME!  The Fried Brussels Sprouts were delicious.  Also great Mac and Cheese.  And, the bakery goods are fantastic.  Highly recommended.
4	FINALLY! I get to try the neighbor of Bread and Butter. I've been looking forward to this place since it opened, but I live 25 miles away so I knew it wouldn't be a daily thing for me. I went with my boyfriend and our friend Toby. The meat choices we had were beef brisket, fried chicken, and Salisbury steak. I'd order the chicken or steak again in a heartbeat. The brisket was a tab bit dry but still good. Between us the sides were mash potatoes, mac&chz, green beans, dill potato salad, and fried brussel sprouts. I'd for sure skip the mac&chz again. It was average, bland and runny. However the potato salad was AMAAAZINNNG! And that goes secondly to the best brussel sprouts I've ever tasted. As Mary P. mentioned in her review, perfectly salted. With the perfect bit of crunch. We were skipped on the pretzel bread and pimento dip, so we told the cashier and they had some out to us ASAP! Thank the food gods that we said something because that bread n dip was the freakin best! I had high expectations of the bread of course after all the amazing pastries from Bread and Butter. Honestly my only possible complaint about Meat and Three, they were out of pudding cups! I had my order ready in my head to take 3 home! And none :($40 for 2 Meat+3sides meal, with drinks. And we killed everything, no leftovers. I for sure will return to try the porchetta and hopefully pudding cups!
4	Finally made it! Brought the family with me for dinner! First, locally owned. Love supporting folks that live in the community! Decor is unique to Vegas, Simple with a  tell it like it is menu! Reminded me of restaurants in the South! Ordering is simple, choose a meat, select a side - 1. 2 or 3. Get a number and find your table. While your waiting fresh baked bread and pimento cheese are served. I could make a meal with that alone. Everyone in my family ordered the pot roast! Tender, juicy & flavorful. Mashed potatoes & gravy - as good as it gets. I ordered all vegetables! The fried brussel sprouts, unique way to do them, great flavor and enough for the table! Butternut squash - OMG, I could have eaten an entire large bowl. Flavorful, texture was perfect... can't wait to have them again!Green beans - tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary!Staff was friendly, prices were about a dollar or 2 more than I would have expected, but overall great meal for the price and will definitely go back again!
5	The ambiance is casual, heartwarming, relaxing, and endearing.The space has been creatively decorated with pallets with song lyrics in white paint, some lettering on the opposite wall with Bread and Butter and Meat and Three emphasized in red.The service is friendly, not overbearing, but very apparent. They take care of their guests.The food is flavorful, hearty, comforting, and addicting.I had theirPorchetta: tender, juicy, robust seasoning with cranberry highlights, and slight crisps to tantalize a texture-desiring palate. I also tried theirFried Chicken: in the style of Thomas Keller, simply seasoned with salt and pepper, slightly too dry for me, but what do I know? I'm a fan of Church's.The fried brussel sprouts are yummilicious and so crisp!Mashed sweet potatoes are also the bomb. I wanted root beer and the owner hopped over to Bread and Butter and grabbed me some. He's so nice. Service was impeccable.
2	I honestly just don't get it.Ever since I saw an article on Meat and Three I've been dying to go.Positive reviews and yummy pictures got my hopes up.AWESOME concept. They have meat entrees and you either get two or three sides. You can get more a la carte. They have fried chicken, porchchetta, Salisbury steak, liver and onions, and beef brisket.There are a big variety of sides both hot and cold.There are desserts too. There were no cups when I went though.You place your order, pay, take a number, have a seat, and wait for your food.Ideally this seems like a good idea, but I wasn't a fan of this system.First off, ordering took very long. They have an open kitchen and the person who takes your order reads it to the cooks. Now second.. Sorry but I'm not leaving a tip right when placing my food order. If you just have a card that is your only option.I think it's a huge disservice to their servers. I'm a great tipper and if I had good service on a $25-35 bill for two then a large tip wouldn't be out of the question. But I wouldn't leave that right when ordering! Hopefully everyone understands my point.Yes I left them a tip, but that's beside the point. I really think they should change to a traditional ordering style at a dine in restaurant especially with the price being $15 to $25 with drink and dessert. The decor of the restaurant is cute. I like the tables and the condiment wall.I ordered fried chicken, fried polenta, fried Brussels sprouts, and Mac and cheese.They bring the food out at a very sporadic pace.First pretzel bread and cheese dip. This was so good! That bread was AMAZING. Next came my fried polenta. I honestly can't tell you what the sauce was but it balanced well with the fried and creamy polenta.I really felt excited for the rest of my food to come after those two things.I had the fried chicken and it was not good.I'm not even exaggerating that there was a huge amount of batter on my chicken. The crust was equivalent to the amount of chicken. The chicken itself was cooked well, but that crust was gross. I literally had a plate full of crust when I was done. The Mac and cheese was mediocre. The cheese sauce was not cheesy. Their was no cheesiness or gooey and string cheese. It was a very thin and watery sauce. The Brussels sprouts were burnt. It had an off putting taste and the seasoning was not even. Some bites were super salty and some were good.I think they forgot my food because my cousin who ordered after me was eating for a few minutes before I got half of my food. i blame it on the system as the server took the number away after the table when my cousin got her food. He then walked around when mine was done trying to find out where that fried chicken went.I had the potato salad from my cousin which was good. This had dill and bacon.Her green beans definitely tasted canned. Maybe they weren't but hey they were bland and tasted canned so what can I day.Her Salisbury steak was really good. I'd say it was like a meat loaf. It was topped with fried onions and I believe there were mushrooms in the sauce.My nephew started crying half way into her food and as she was soothing him a staff member asked if she was finished with her barely touched food. As a crowd was coming in it felt as if she was trying to rush us out and it was very off putting. Her plate was super full! My tip for the owner would be to train the staff better including the cooks!  Tweak the recipes and try some quality control. I'll try back in a couple of months.
4	Meat & Three is like the lunch/dinner counterpart to Bread and Butter.The concept is pretty cute. You have the option of ordering a meat and one, two or three sides with it. Three of us went the other day, ordered 2 meats, and 6 sides, and were stuffed to the brim!Favorites were the complimentary brioche + red pepper aioli, the side of broccoli + brown butter & almonds, and the fried brussel sprouts with their lemony twang. We got the fried chicken and the beef brisket for our meats which were pretty good--but I wish we had ordered the salisbury steak. I think the concept of salisbury steak was just ruined in my head b/c of those old Stouffer's commercials.... but it looked pretty freaking good when everyone else was eating it at the restaurant!Will definitely come here again to try the other meats and eat more free brioche balls. :)
5	Another great local spot on the east side of town.  We enjoyed everything.  The Brisket was awesome...  Looking forward to going there again soon.
5	The fact that that Meat and 3 is about a 40 mile round trip from my house didn't stop me from going there twice in less than a week once I discovered it was open. Before you go here, get one thing straight: there is nothing unconventional, fancy or creative about the food. I absolutely don't mean that as a slam because the food here follows in the footsteps of Chef Chris' other restaurant Bread and Butter: it's quality comfort food that is worth more than they are charging for it.Meat and 3 is in the same shopping center as B&B, just a few stores down. The store front is like the food, simple and unassuming, but stepping inside is like going to dinner at a friend's house; you just feel welcome. There's family style seating as well as regular two and four tops. The decor is homey and inspirational quotes and song lyrics give the walls some added life.The menu is pretty simple- you get a choice of meat and up to three sides (or you can just get three sides for about $10). The menu changes daily, but some of the mainstays are brisket, porchetta, fried chicken, roasted chicken, macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, potato salad and sauteed kale. You can probably call ahead to see what the day's offerings are or you can follow Meat and 3 on Facebook as they sometimes post the day's specials on there. Sure the menu might be smaller than your average menu, but the goal here isn't to do a lot of different things and have them be mediocre; it's to do a handful of things and make them the best! It's a great place for picky eaters because so much of the menu is familiar favorites and also great for your food snob friends because well the food is just good. My favorites so far have been the porchetta, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, sauteed kale (I KNOW) and green beans (again, I KNOW). The porchetta can be a little fatty, probably depending on the day and what cut you get, but the flavors are spot on I had it served with this cranberry-ish relish that cut through the savory flavors so well. The fried chicken is probably one of the best I've ever had and is really similar to the one served at Bouchon on their Ad Hoc fried chicken days. I've made that chicken before and the recipe is super involved, so I'm glad a) that I don't have to wait around for Bouchon to serve and b) don't have to make it myself! The only thing I really didn't care for was the roast chicken-it was a little plain for me, even with the gravy.Again, stay updated about specials, restaurant closings and what Chef Chris is up to on Meat and 3's Facebook page. He recently announced some restructuring (possibly closing Bread and Butter-which would effectively end my life) and is really good about keeping restaurant patrons in the loop there. It's really hard to hate on a restaurant that is owned by someone who is so passionate about making the experience-service and food-worthwhile for everyone who dines there. I know there is no such thing as a perfect restaurant, but even with its very minor faults, Meat and 3 really is about as good as it gets.
1	Is this place ever open?!  I've gone twice in the past month during their supposed business hours, and it hasn't been open.  What a waste of a drive!  I'll update my review when/if I finally get to try it.
5	The apricot bacon wraps were my favorite. The porchetta is sublime, if you like fatty meats.Must finish with a pudding cup!We constantly get spoiled at Meat and Three or Bread and Butter. It seems there is always some special that was made particularly for us. Even when they are busy, everybody there seems to be really loving the restaurant.
4	I've so been looking forward to trying this place because of all the good things that have been said about it!! Meat and Three did not disappoint! The night I went it was not their normal menu. I had the opportunity to go when they where having their first "Who wants to be a chef" series. Michael L. Compton was the guest chef that night. (Part of the proceeds went to benefit Paws 4 Love)Chef Compton's menu started with an appetizer of a radish with butter and a piece of baguette with a slice of red beet, ricotta, and arugula. The radish had a hint of salt and was very refreshing! The main course was a triple pork meatloaf wrapped in bacon with an apple chutney, succotash, ratatouille and turnip mashed potatoes completed the meal. For dessert was an amazing pear crisp! The whole meal was so yummy! It was like going home to mom's house for dinner, but ten times better!! The meatloaf just melted in your mouth. The atmosphere was very nice and simple. Loved the rock lyrics on the wall. Also, really enjoyed that the chef came out to talk to each table. I totally plan on coming back on a night when they have their usual menu! Meat and Three is a great locally owned restaurant! You can totally take anyone there from your toddler to your grandma and they would all leave there full, satisfied and very happy!
4	Great concept and service to match.  Fried chicken and porchetta are delicious.  For the sides, get the mashed potatoes, mac'n'cheese and fried brussel sprouts.
1	Come here twice both times closed...I don't kmow what's going on. This is my second review by the way. Yelp removed my first one because it lacked "firsthand experience" even though I was there to see it closed.
3	Just learned that Meat & Three has been sold, is closed down, and is supposed to re-open in March as a different concept...
4	You choose a meat and either one, two, or three sides. Meat and three. It's casual, a lot of fun, and most importantly, delicious. My two friends and I visited for the first time on an evening in November and I've all enjoyed this spot compared to the several other restaurants we had dined together in the last couple months. They left the ordering up to me and I went nuts - three meats and NINE sides - a real feast. We tried the beef brisket (which everyone loved), porchetta, and half baked chicken. Our sides were the fried brussel sprouts, bacon and dill potato salad, sweet potato croquettes, butternut squash, Swiss chard, farro salad, and carrot salad. For the last two choices, we enjoyed pudding cups. I really enjoyed all the sides (didn't care for the croquettes though). We also took advantage of BYOW and enjoyed almost two bottles of Spanish red wine with our meal. Fabulous. It was also the first time I met Chef Herrin and he was delightful, bringing us refill of water and chatting. We were probably there for two or more hours and had a great time.I spoke to Chef Herrin yesterday and found out that new owners will be changing the restaurant, so I definitely can't wait for the new concept! But for now, I guess Meat and Three is officially closed. Sad face.
3	Meat and Three has closed. Why? I have no idea. Frankly, I'm a little annoyed at Chef Chris. Having followed him on Facebook for quite some time, it seems like he had this awesome concept but never quite got into it. In its brief existence, I only got to have one (AWESOME) meal here, and frankly, it's just cruel to decide to open something so great and then give up after having lots of success and critical acclaim for seemingly no reason at all.Just for that, I'm bringing him down a star. Follow-through is important. I said in my last review, "let's hope Guy Fieri doesn't come here and ruin it." Well, he didn't, because Chef Chris ruined it himself.RIP Meat and Three.
1	It would be nice to try this place but I the 3 of us drove all the way there  and it was closed, but the business hours in yelp say they are open 3pm to 9pm.It's just very irritating to get there and find out they are closed. Thanks a lot!!!
