5	Love this place! Spectacular customer service + delicious food!!! Can't beat that combination. We went for the Basial fried rice, the mixed veggies,  the thai fries rice, the fried shrimp,  the wontons, AND thai tea --- everything was perfect! Highly recommend and will be going back :)
5	Nice place! I love the Thai food. I can found my favorite here! The chicken wing so juice!
5	Found this hole in wall Thai restaurant near my house.It's open until 9pm..... However they have 24 HOUR FREE DELIVERY!!!!Ordered shrimp pad Thai. It's a big portion and jumbo size shrimp.Also had the sweet basil chicken wings. Very tasty and good! Their Thai tea is really good too!!!!!Hard to find, since it's tucked in the corner next to a auto body shop.But, can't beat 24 food delivery!!!!!!!
3	I was handed a flier a week back at my other job. It stated "all you can eat wings" lunch $6.95 11 am - 3 pm and dinner $8.95 3pm - 9 pm dine in only. Both included steam rice, salad & soup. It also didn't state an expiration date!We came from the I95 from the Stratosphere since we couldn't criss Las Vegas Blvd due to the marathon.  Passed it since we were expecting their lit up sign but luckily my partner has really good eye sight. Their signage was a 4 foot banner. Place looked closed but the sign was flashing "open". Once we stepped in, the older Thai gentleman approached and greeted us. He also turned on a set of lights.  Not a very busy place. Now we know why! My partner and I ordered two Thai teas with boba! Came back with no boba, gentleman did mention there wasn't any more boba when he served us the drink. Now I'm a firm believer,  if you have items on the menu, you need to have a steady supply in the establishment. It was in a tall glass, too bad it was too sweet!I ordered a combination shrimp & chicken pad Thai,  no onions, since my partner is allergic. Flavor and portion size were just right for the price. It's creamier than most pad Thai I've ever had though.Soyp or salad never made it to the table. Then the chicken wings came. I ordered a sweet chili sauce and my partner a spicy sweet basil. A heat level of seven. Chicken wings were dry. I had to double dip mine in the sauce just to swallow the meat jerky. My partners wings were flavoured perfectly but still on the dry side.  You get 7 wing sections tossed in the sauce (sweet chili, drunken chili, sweet basil) and a cup of rice. Thr flier I was given had garlic pepper as another sauce that I didn't see on the store menu. Ten minutes go by, sat for another 3, and finally the older gentleman came and handed our check!  What? So I asked if we can get another order, thinking it was all you can eat! Boy was I shocked when they said that flier expired. So I pretty much paid $9.95 for 7 wings and a cup of rice? It was $7.95 on the store menu but you add $2 more for tofu or chicken and $3 more for shrimp. Who does that? So if I'd pay $7.95, what would we have served, a cup of rice, the sauce on top of shredded cabbage? If I would have known I'd just went to hamburger hut! I do live in North Vegas so it wouldn't have been any inconvenience. I would have got 10 wings for $8.99 and half a to go container full of fries, soaked in sauce & juicy. Guess that's why I get for trying to support local businesses!  Never trust a restaurant with no customers!  If it weren't for the older Thai gentleman I'd gave this place 1 star!Someone mentioned the shrimp in the pad Thai was a "jumbo" size, let's not fool anyone else, it's only a 31/40 peeled, deveined & tail on. "Jumbo" would be considered as the langostine size and it would have cost more than $15 for the dish, not $7.95! Just saying! Next
5	Alittle far from my place.But the tasta good.I like the thai fries rice. And finally i don't eat burger and pizza in evening. I get another choice. I'll try deliverly next time.
1	Sadly I don't know how the food tastes because after it took 2 hours to arrive, I sent the driver away. Won't be getting a second chance.
