5	Reformed Central opened its doors on Monday! It is the second location for Reformed Pilates that started in Arcadia. The new location has 10 Allegro 2 reformers and 30 Keiser M3 Plus I spin bikes. They offer a mixture of high-intensity pilates, spin and 30/30 classes (25 minutes pilates and 25 minutes spin). If you live in the area you MUST check them out. 1st Week Unlimited is FREE for new clients.
5	I am in love with the Reformed Studios! What I like most about Reformed Central are the combo classes! I took the Reform & Ride class yesterday and it was a great workout - it's the best combo of Pilates and cardio. Prior to coming to Reformed Central, I was terrified to try a spin class but who can resist a candlelit bike ride featuring great music!?! :) The class is intense & relaxing at the same time! I feel amazing afterwards. Hats off to the Reformed team, they run a really well oiled machine! It's flawless!!!
5	I love the Reformed Family!! The classes are great and there are a variety of classes to fit my fitness goals. All the instructors are amazing!!
5	This is by far the best work out studio I've been to! Before this location opened I was going to their studio  in Arcadia and got hooked on the Pilates classes! Pilates was kind of intimidating for me at first because I had no clue what I was doing. After the 1st week I could already see and feel improvements in my body. It's such an awesome workout and it has honestly gotten me into the best shape I've ever been in. The only thing I needed to add to my workout routine was some more cardio so I cannot tell you how happy I was that they opened this second studio and added cycling classes! It's such a great workout and all of the instructors make sure to constantly change up the routine. My favorite class is the 30/30 Reform and Ride....30 mins of Pilates followed by a 30 minute ride! They have a really great schedule and are constantly adding more classes. If you have a membership with Reformed you can jump between their studios to find classes and times that work with any kind of crazy work schedule. The instructors honestly care about every client and make an effort to constantly help you get better. I can't wait to see what else Reformed does in 2015, whatever it is I know will be great!
5	My home away from home! Love this place and love love the workout! Laura and Pete (the owners) are amazing and super involved. Their passion for reformed is contagious! They have created strategic workout programs that will have you sweating! I drive 35 minutes for this studio and it's worth the drive every-time.
5	I am absolutely obsessed with this studio! Everyone is so inviting and they really make you feel like you are a part of a family. I was new to Pilates before joining at Reformed and can't imagine not being a part of this amazing studio! I encourage everyone to come check out the wide range of classes offered. Laura and Peter are great and will instantly make you want to join this amazing family!!
5	I can't even begin to cram all the love I have for this studio into a review. Being someone who had never done Pilates before, I was nervous getting started.. But everyone at this studio is so welcoming and they make you feel like you are a part of a group, a part of a family! Peter & Laura and incredibly encouraging & have an amazing staff. The wide range of class times are perfect with work schedules and I can't wait to tell everyone about this studio and help this amazing family grow.
