5	AJ and his crew are extremely professional and efficient. I manage Liberty Market in Downtown Gilbert and we use Streak Patrol for all of our window cleaning as well as pressure washing. Their prices are competitive and the service is stellar. I would highly recommend using Streak Patrol for any residential or commercial property. Keep up the good work AJ!
5	AJ from Streak Patrol came and cleaned our windows inside and out. We found AJ to be a very honest, hardworking guy. Very pleasant to deal with. His prices are more then reasonable!! His showed up early for the job and worked nonstop until the work was done. Our windows look awesome!! We were so pleased with his work we had AJ set us up on a quarterly schedule! Thank you, AJ!!!
5	I had all my windows washed today & AJ did a wonderful job! He took the time to make sure everything looked perfect before he left. There were even stubborn water spots that had been on one window for years that previous professionals had told me wouldn't come off - but he got them off & the window is sparkling clean! He was very professional, showed up on time & was respectful of our home. I would use this company again for sure!
5	I found Streak Patrol using Yelp. I called AJ, and he came that day to give me a reasonable price quote. He was professional and patient in answering my questions. Come cleaning day, I knew the windows and screens would look good, but I was amazed. I am the third owner of my house, and the windows and screens were never cleaned previously. That's 11 years of dirt and grime built up, and AJ and his crew made them look brand new.
5	I can't say enough amazing things about AJ and his company Streak Patrol. I was blown away by his professionalism and work ethic not to mention his quality of work! He is very thorough and extremely hard working! Loved everything about my experience!!!!
5	I always like to use local companies and found Streak Patrol on Yelp.  AJ was very professional, came out the same day I called to give me quote which I was very pleased with. AJ was prompt on day of cleaning and did a AWESOME job on my outside windows.  I definitely will use Streak Patrol in future for both outside and inside window cleaning.
5	Love, love, love these guys!  Just used them for the first time earlier this week and will definitely be having them back.  Super professional, proficient, courteous and conscientious dudes!  Why I think that...The windows in my house are 22 feet high and make up the preponderance of 2 sides of the house.  We hadn't had them cleaned since we moved in 3 years ago but we're preparing to sell the house and I wanted to make them sparkle.  Quite frankly, I was a little scared to find out how much it would cost to have them cleaned, professionally, but there's no way I was going to get up there to clean them myself!  In comes, Streak Patrol to the rescue!  AJ came out, surveyed the job and really did give me an awesome quote, as promised!!!  Further, their service didn't disappoint!  I'm pretty particular about details and they really nailed it!  Woo hoo!!!
5	AJ is awesome.  I have used window cleaners for the last 20 years and his company is by far in my top ONE!   Not only is he meticulous but he is also so professional and thorough.  I would trust him with my precious dogs that he was so gentle with.  I wish there were 10 stars cause he deserves it.  Amazing as it was, called because he was running FIVE minutes late because of an accident on the road.  That never happens.
5	I am new to Fountain Hills AZ and needed the windows on our home cleaned.  I called AJ at Steak Patrol because the Yelp reviews were so high.  He was not only an awesome person to work with but did an amazing job.  He not only cleaned windows, tracks and screens but tightened my sticky screen doors so they slid perfectly without me asking.  He worked hard, did a great job, and worked quickly. His prices are very good and the quality of work is excellent.  I highly recommend Streak Patrol!
1	Called these guys two days ago to schedule. Spoke to AJ the owner. During the conversation I explained that it was a simple job and would not take much time. Agreed to be here at 9am today, Saturday. It is now 9:20 and no call no show. I called them and no one picks up. Finally I get a call from someone who does not identify himself saying that they won't be coming. Made up some bogus story to cover for the no show , no call. Very unprofessional. If there had been a true issue then they would have called clients hours ago to make them aware of a problem. No such call was forthcoming. Do not use this service. Unreliable. Do not keep their word. Basic tenet of running a small business. Would not recommend.
5	AJ did an amazing job with the windows and was very easy to work with - I asked him to clean the windows on short notice and had no problem doing so. The screens were cleaned and the windows look better than when we moved into the new home. Would definitely recommend him!
5	AJ was courteous, polite and meticulous when it came to cleaning our windows. He was very helpful and did a phenomenal job. He had the decency to call way ahead of time when he thought he would be a little late and let us know when he would get here and how long the job would take. He even did a few extra things for me out of the goodness of his heart. I will definitely use Streak Patrol again!!!
4	AJ came to my house very promptly to do a quote and came back a couple of days later to do the job. He removed and replaced the shade screens and asked me to check that I was happy with his work. He is personable and very thorough.
