3	Trying something new, the BF and I discover Magura, a Bulgarian restaurant that's been around for about six years. Pulling into the parking lot, you notice the Magura Pizza sign first, then realize there's a Magura restaurant next door.  Walking through the front doors, you see red curtains blocking the view of entire restaurant.  The scent of a meat deli hits me first. The waitress asks if she can help us and we tell her two for dinner.  As we pick our seats, there's one to two parties also dining on this Saturday early evening.  On the video screens are Bulgarian music videos.  Perusing their long extensive menu, it's hard what to decide on.  You can choose among their Soups (like Tripe Soup), Cold Appetizers (like Kashkaval aka Yellow Cheese), regular Appetizers (like Chicken Livers), Salads (like Shopska), Egg Dishes (like Mish Mash), Grill (like Kiufleta), Entrees, (like Pork Kavarma), Pizza (like Shrimp Alexander), and Dessert (like Tiramisu).  Being adventurous, we opt for about five  dishes. They start you off with hot bread that's toasted nicely.  The first dish to arrive was the Tarator, "cold cucumber and yogurt soup with dill" ($3.95).  This was a huge order, plenty for two people.  It was refreshing for a hot day, but a bit too much.  Next to arrive was the Stuffed Red Peppers, "roasted sweet red peppers, stuffed with Bulgarian feta cheese and fresh spices" ($7.25).  Presentationally, it looked like something was missing on our plate.  The three peppers were very tasty though and was the highlight of our meal.  Our third dish was the Filet, which was thin slices of meat ($6.50).  This was pretty disappointing as it just tasted like ham, nothing special.  Fourth to come was the Cheese Shopsky Style ($5.95).  On top laid a fried egg that you mix in with the cheese.  It's a heavy dish that goes better with some bread.  Last to arrive was the Kebapcheta, "grilled Bulgarian spiced sausages" ($8.25).  It came with a bean salad, a potato salad, and a tomato sauce for dipping.  The sausages were a bit dry, and disappointing finish to our dinner.Service was okay, my water was never refilled and the glass was actually taken away while the BF was still finishing his Bulgarian beer (Zagorka, $3.50), which he said tasted like a Budweiser.  It took forever for our bill to come despite the waitress asking if were wanted anything else and us saying no.  Overall, the food was okay.  The BF and I agreed that we can say we at least tried it, but it wasn't something we would be craving for anytime soon. It's a hit and miss with certain dishes, but I guess it's worth checking out if you've never had Bulgarian before.Total bill including tip and tax: $44.00You can see photos of all the food we ate up above!
3	The wife and I went to this place with one of my Bulgarian coworkers on a Tuesday night.  Having never had Bulgarian food before, we basically just got whatever my friend recommended.  Some roast meat, sausage, a nice yogurt salad along with a couple of shots of grappa which somehow messed me up enough not to drive home.  Dessert was quite good too.  There was a band playing that night so it was quite loud and dark but still a fun atmosphere with food that wasn't bad.  I wouldn't come here w/o my Bulgarian friends though as 2 Asians would seriously stick out like a sore thumb here.
4	I had the honor of meeting BK and her momma last night for a family style dinner at Magura.  I did not get the pre-dinner show that her and her momma observed, i guess it was my lucky day ! ( i give them an extra star since i missed the show )Similar to BK, i enjoyed the sausages ( strong garlic and i believe it was cumin seasoning ) the yogurt dishes, especially the zucchini/yogurt combo.  The soups ( one was tripe, the other cucumber ) were the low points.then to top off the meal, they have a bulgarian lounge singe ( a guy with a keyboard ) - he has a following because about 15 -20 people showed up, average age, my guess 70 give or take a few years.  i left during his "freebird - style " version of Volare.  If i'm still low carbin' - i can see myself going back for an order of the sausages, to go .Happy Eating !
4	I had dinner here last night with my Bulgarian friend. The food was very good and reasonably priced. We started with a shopska salad - diced cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, and olives covered with Bulgarian feta cheese. Our next dish was fried zucchinis smothered with yogurt and dill. Our last dish was the shopsky style cheese - cheese, egg, and sundried tomatoes baked in a gyuvech (sp?), a small earthenware style pot. Of course we couldn't leave without trying grappa, and honestly I took about three sips of mine before realizing that it might not be a good idea to drive home should I continue to drink more of it. All of the food was delicious, and I remember seeing a bunch of other things on the menu that I would love to go back and try.The bill came to a total of about $29, which surprised me as I was expecting to pay much more. I would definitely return, but I'm not sure if I would go without my Bulgarian friend. While the service was good and the staff was friendly, I was the only non-Bulgarian dining there that evening and I feel like I would stick out if I went without my friend.
3	I never knew there was a Bulgarian restaurant in Las Vegas, so when I heard about it, I had to try it. Hidden away next to a neighborhood near Sunrise Hospital, it is actually a two-unit operation. There is the restaurant on the left and the pizza joint on the right. I didn't try the pizza, but isn't pizza always good?When we sat down, they brought us some hot bread that was a nice touch. Looking over the menu, the prices stood out as very reasonable, but we had never heard of anything, so we asked the waitress for some recommendations. We started off with the fried zucchini covered in a yogurt dill sauce. It was good, but it seemed like there was a disproportionate amount of sauce. It went well with the bread though, so we were able to put it to good use. For our entrees, we had two dishes. I didn't write down the names, but the first was the first was pork with sauteed onions and peppers. The pork had a very unique yet subtle taste that I think may have been olive juice. The second was chicken, stuffed with mushrooms and carrots, with melted cheese on top and fries on the side. Both were good, but it still seems strange that it came with fries. I guess I was expecting a side that was a little more...Bulgarian. Total bill was $34.67 with tip. I didn't know they shared a credit card machine with their pizza operation next door, so I was a little taken aback though when I handed her my credit card and she walked out the front door with it. No worries though. It wasn't shady like the Cottage Cafe. Magura was good and worth checking out. I don't think anyone would be disappointed, but it's nothing I would go out of my way for again.
5	I'm always down to try something new, but I can be a little shy (?!?!!) about going into restaurants like this alone -- it seems like it's all Bulgarians in there, and if I were to go in alone I'd feel out of place. Fortunately, my good Bulgarian friend came with me. I asked him to order whatever he felt was representational of Bulgarian cuisine, so I was pretty much just along for the ride.Everything he said to the waitress was in Bulgarian, so I have no idea what all they said about me, but the food was damn good! I'm not a big meat eater, normally, but my acupuncturist advised me to start eating more meat...and BOY did I come to the right place!We started with the AWESOME free cheese bread basket and delicious shopska salad paired with rakia, a sort of super-strong plum brandy which you sip from a giant shot glass and which is apparently traditionally drunk with the salad. You order it by the mg, and I had 100mg...which was MORE than enough to last my entire meal -- and this coming from somewhat of an alkie! My friend finished his in time to order a beer with the main course(s), which were grilled chicken and DELICIOUS sausages. Like I said, I'm not much of a meat eater, but those sausages were the BOMB! Not sure what the spices were that they used, but they were really, really good. The entrees come with salad sides and feta-covered french fries, which were FANTASTIC! Out of greed, we also ordered a third entree of fried, breaded feta, which was a little greasy for my taste... but after all the other food, anything would have been a bit much!Unfortunately I did not have room for dessert, but I rolled out of there feeling pretty damn good. For salad, 3 entrees, 2 rakias and a beer the bill was around &70. Not bad! I will definitely come here again when I'm feeling the need for exotic, hearty meat and cheese dishes. YUM!
4	Stopped by here last night for a quick bite to eat with a friend that lives close by.  She'd been here a number of times and always had something good.  I had no idea what Bulgarian food was like... and honestly it's nothing too extreme... anyone should be able to find something they like on the menu.  The pictures on the menu are actually quite nice... and do a good job showing you what you're going to get.  My friend's a vegetarian, and we weren't too hungry... so we opted to just get two dishes and share them.  We went with the cheese stuffed red peppers and a fried cheese dish.  Just after ordering they brought out a basket of bread... that looked kinda similar to indian naan...  but tasted much different, and way better than I expected.  It had a little cheese cooked onto it, and really was delicious.  The fried cheese dish was decent... exactly what it was described as... lol.  The stuffed peppers were good, and worth getting again.  The dish was basically 3 red peppers stuffed with bulgarian feta, lightly battered and fried to a nice golden crisp..... crunchy on the outside and soft and creamy inside.  The restaurant itself is kind of... quaint...  definitely not a place to try to impress someone...  but if you're looking for something a little different and tasty.... and at a great price (most entrees seemed to be right around $7) it's worth checking out.  Oh... and I think they allow smoking, because I did see one person lighting one up... and saw a couple ashtrays laying around....
4	My friend's co-workers told him about this place so when we were in Vegas, we decided to check it out.  It's waaaaay off the Strip, so bring your GPS or prepare to get lost.  Anyway, the service was good, not great.  There was only one server so it was a little slow, but he was so funny and nice.  He gave us good advice on what to eat.  I got the sausages, my husband got a chicken curry looking dish and my friends got a veggie/cheese/egg baked dish and the meatballs.  The whole group ordered the tomato/cucumber/onion/feta salads and stuffed peppers.Everything was really yummy.  My sausage was amazing and our whole table agreed that the salads were great.  For our people, the bill came out to $70 before tip, which I think was adequate for the quality and size of the food.  I'd definitely recommend this place to others and come back myself.
4	i work at the hospital at sunrise and im always here to eat there great food! good variety of food, but my favorite is there philly cheesteak special! i always order from then and i like how they deliver too becuase sometimes i cant make it there so i order to go! deliveries are so much easir for me tho! love it
3	I was told this was a Bulgarian restaurant, by the menu it seems more like an American/Italian-ish joint with Eastern European/Bulgarian owners?  This is our go to place at work when we have a hankering for pizza, and the bonus is they deliver. Pizza is decent and they have a variety of different specialty pizzas you can choose from, my favorite has to be the Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza, spicy chicken, diced celery, extra mozzarella with side of ranch or bleu cheese. It's like a marriage of pizza and chicken wings and it's delightful. If pizza isn't what you are looking for, they also serve, wings, sandwiches, wraps, burgers, subs, salads.They have a daily lunch special that runs Mon-Fri 10a-5p.  Minimum purchase for delivery is $12 and there is a $2 delivery fee. You can also order onine from their website.
1	i ordered via 24 hr food website that I've used before. It took them 1hr and a half to deliver the food even though I live one block away and when I received the order the food was nothing special, dominos is better and cheaper plus they screwed up my order of soup giving me chicken instead of creamy broccoli, which i wanted. If they didn't have it they shouldn't have subbed it, just taken it off the order. Clearly, they care about padding their oder with whatever for pure profitWhen I called, the guy was very rude, lied about calling (idiot, my phone was next to me the entire time. can't bs about calling in this day and age), and tried to argue with me instead of apologizing and fixing it! I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN! BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!
5	A GREAT and UNIQUE PLACE!!! The food taste sooooo good. Go get IT :)
3	I went here for a meet up, we were about 20 people so I was able to sample several dishes.. some were really good some others very bad.. on the good side they offer European beers which is always good :) .The food took a long time to arrive even though we RSVP weeks ahead of time, They were not prepared to serve a large group. On their defense this is a family owned business so the entire family runs the restaurant, I believe mom and dad were cooking and their son was the server. I guess is good thing that we were supporting a family  business in the Valley
3	Decent Bulgarian place, but definitely not as good as homecooked. The service was pretty good for an EE place, though they don't serve glasses of water and make you buy bottles.
5	In this restaurant you can find not only a great hospitality but a great food with spectacular flavors driven by passion or as Bulgarians say "merak".  Don't miss the Banitsa with homemade filo dough and creamy Bulgarian feta, served with a dish of Bulgarian Yoghurt. All the dry sausages are hand crafted by the owner. He takes it a step further by developing his own signature sausage using cured pork fillet and calling it "Las Vegas". In every dish you can taste hundreds of years of tradition in developing flavors. I'm Bulgarian and a lot of the dishes remind me of the best meals I've had in Bulgaria in somebody's home.
1	I ordered through Grubhub.com and they quoted an hour delivery. After 3 phone calls from the driver who couldn't understand how to find my place ( A clear landmark on the Vegas Strip), after guiding him twice. I had to have grub hub call the restaurant to settle the matter. They told me it would be another 30 minutes. (almost 2 hours since original order time) and the order never showed; however confirmed to Grub hub that the food was delivered!!! Grub hub called the restaurant and they refused to refund the order the order that I never received. It wasn't until after many phone calls, and 3 hours time, that I realized I wasn't getting food from this place. I called the restaurant to follow up and they did not seem to care one bit. Grubhub stood behind their business and refunded me, even though, the restaurant refused to refund them. Customer service from both was terrible and I am still hungry as I write this review. Unfortunately after this experience, I will never know if the food was good or not because I will never give Magura my business again.
