2	i wouldn't normally review a pizza hut, but this one seems to need a review. when i walked in, the place stunk. not like bleach or other cleaning supplies, but stinky in a way i cannot adequately describe. it was bad. it seems they forgot that even though this is a takeout/delivery location with no sit down dining room, customers still have to go inside sometimes - like when they pick up their pizza, but i digress.we order from this pizza hut once or twice a year. the pizza is very consistent, and definitely not the best in the valley. not sure what's going on with the cheese, but it never gets stringy and just kinda stays in globs on the top. weird. this weekend's pizza was overly saucy. overall i guess it was about what i expected and i'm not sure why we ordered it. i'm not looking forward to returning anytime soon. on another note, i was entertained by the sign on the door that said the results of a recent area audit revealed they needed to remind delivery drivers that they aren't allowed to have passengers when making deliveries. +1 star for entertainment value - and that's being generous.
2	I've ordered twice from this location recently at different times of day, and not only was the estimated delivery time unusually long, but my pizza arrived nearly 30 minutes late both times.The pizza itself was ok.
1	How hard is it to get an order correct???????  Here's my reasoning behind a 1 Star rating- we ordered a supreme pizza with 2 Pepsi, and we placed the order hours ahead of time for our pizza to arrive at 8PM.  They show up at almost 830, and bring DIET Pepsi!  Now really, how hard is it to screw that order up?  Thing about it is we didn't learn our lesson the first time.   Last time we ordered from this Pizza Hut they forgot to bring the side sauces we ordered.  Bottom line - no attention to detail and I have to question their competency.   If you can't get a simple order right then you fail, and if you fail working at Pizza Hut, there's really not much else left for you in this world.
1	30 minutes for a pizza and wings. I walked in and he said 15. They were arguing in the back as well. Very unprofessional and very loud and does not make me interested in coming back. I would not have ordered food from here if it took this long.  Would not recommend at all. Especially for pick up on store.
