5	Bryan Lamer the Manager is great! He treats everyone professionally, respectfully and more importantly kindly. In addition they have the best prices in town, especially with their online coupons and specials!
4	Mike really helped me out today when we were faced with replacing the rear brakes on my car. Mike was able to work with us to get the job done within budget without cutting corners. His up-front honesty made it easy to work with on hard line decisions.
1	I have had really good experiences at several other Brakes Plus locations in the past, but my first experience with the Signal Butte Brakes Plus could not have been any worse.  This is a very seedy and disingenuous group of guys at this location and I strongly advise anyone who is looking for honesty and integrity to steer clear of this place...WAY CLEAR!!!
5	I've used Brakes Plus on Signal Butte & Southern twice now. The first time around, I took my Crown Victoria in for an alignment. The price was great and the quality of the work was phenomenal. They let me know immediately that I had a bad pitman/idler arm. So, I was able to run to the parts store and pick up what I needed, get home and get my baby fixed. They also informed me that after I had fixed the issues, they would realign my car again within 90 days, for FREE! Of course, I took my wife's car in for an alignment when it needed it last week. Again, outstanding prices and quality service. Mike and Joe are always great to work with.
1	Took my car in for an alignment. They tried to sell me $380 in brake repairs. The alignment didn't last two months. Took my car in for an oil change. They tried to sell me $400 in brake repairs. Had my mechanic check the brakes, he said they were fine. Carpe Diem!  My car won't be back.
5	Awesome place clean, friendly and they will do there best to fit you in for what ever you need
1	Horrible service, the manager Bryan was a complete asshole, the service alone was enough for me not to want to go back. Plenty of other auto shops around Mesa.
1	I took my car in for an alignment here.  First of all, my door handle had grease on it-wish that was the worst thing I noticed.  I got about half a mile down the road and my wheels were shaking!  My car now vibrates worse than it did before and the only reason I never took it back is because I'm scared of what else they would screw up.  I won't be back.
