1	I have been a tenant in a property for 3 years, which recently switched property management to RPM Phoenix Metro, and I will not be renewing my lease because of their horrendous business communication. They look professional with their fancy website, but they lack total professionalism. I have sent many voice mails and messages via the tenant portal, without ever receiving a response or a reply. I have asked them to make a change to my move out date and they will not reply or respond. I have even spoken with someone on the phone who said she was going to take care of it immediately, however that was about a month ago and I still have yet to receive any response or action with my lease. At one time I made a request for a maintenance call and the head maintenance guy came out, fixed one thing said he would get back to me about the other repairs-but never followed through. If you are looking for a property management company,  please do yourself and your tenants a favor and look elsewhere.
1	I have been a tenant in one of their properties for a year and a half and have been disappointed with their service from the very beginning. Trying to get the paperwork and everything set up to move in was like pulling teeth. There were payment issues where they told me I paid for two months rent (mistaking the deposit as an extra rent payment) and after confirming with three different individuals that I didn't have to pay that months rent, received a phone call several weeks later telling me legal action was going to be taken for not paying rent. I submitted MULTIPLE work orders that never got taken care of over the course of the last year and a half and now I have submitted an EMERGENCY work order for my A/C not working on Saturday, it is now Sunday at 11:58 PM and I have yet to hear from anyone on an ETA for repairs despite calling three times to check on the status. It's July in Phoenix and nothing is being done to solve the issue. This company doesn't care about tenants or the properties they are tasked with managing.
1	******STAY AWAY*****  They are slum lords and could care less about the tenant.  I had to wait about a week in 110 degree temps to get my AC fixed.   It is almost criminal how they run this company.  I WISH I COULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS!
1	Just checking to see if you can give negative stars yet.... Thank god the home owner decided to end their contract with RPM!  If you are a home owner, stay away from RPM as they are extremely unorganized and could careless about the tenant or the home owner's property.  They charge an arm and a leg to do any service on the house and refuse to let the home owner talk to me about small issues with the house which could have saved them a decent amount of money.*****IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR INVESTMENT PROPERTY, DO NOT USE THIS PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY****
1	I was trying to give 0 starts but oviously that's not possible so I will have to give 1 extra star for them. I was a tenent for a year. I will just list some problems I had.1. Air conditioner broke down in the summer(August?). I made a call to their "maintenence" team but never came to fix it at all. Made about 3 calls but nope. I fixed it by myself by keep turning on and off for like 50 times.2. Our front yard was a jungle when we first moved in. The guy showing us the house even told us it is.... Well we had to pay $200 when we moved out because the front yard was a little bit cleaner than when we moved in.
1	These folks were great when I signed my lease, but since then, it's been a battle over most everything you could imagine when one rents a property...whether some repair issues or hoa notices for every blessed thing you could imagine under the sun.The yard was overgrown with weeds (was told more than one time that it would be taken care of asap). Before I could even finish unpacking (while waiting on them to do what they said they'd do), I got a nice little welcome letter (sarcasm here) from the hoa folks after only being in the home for 2 weeks - NOT appreciated, AT ALL! Big surprise...it never got done. I had to do it...front & back.And good luck trying to reach them by phone. That's a total joke! You can't even leave a message on voice mail about 90% of the time (mail box for whomever you get is usually full). Their posted hours (on their phone recording) indicate they are open until 5 (ha)! Even in the times I have been fortunate enough to be able to leave a message on someone's voice mail, I've NEVER gotten a return call.I had the "pleasure" of reaching a humanoid there ONCE, and she was absolutely the rudest person I think I'd ever encountered.I have rented properties for about a decade now, and never have I been so dissatisfied with a property management company. Won't be renting another property again with RPM, and that's a fact, Jack!
1	I've only been a tenant through RPM for about six months, yet I've had more issues than you could imagine. Of course every time there's an issue it takes at least a week or two of relentless calling and emailing on my part for someone to even contact me! Everyone at RPM should be ashamed of the customer service they give and the way then handle work orders, rent, their properties.. They pretty much can't do anything their supposed to do right. I regret signing an 18 month lease with every fiber of my being. Next time I'll read the yelp reviews before agreeing to work with a property management company.
