5	Called to have some electrical work done.  Mike Rogoz the owner came over when he said he would and gave us an estimate.  We scheduled the work, his guys came over when they said they would.  They did the work, cleaned up and we are very satisfied with the work done.
5	Great price quote, on time, efficient and great quality work
5	It doesn't get any easier or better working with such a great team. I emailed to set up an appointment to get a quote on rewiring our office. Mike the owner responded within a few hours, arrived on time for our appointment, was very pleasant, and gave me a very competitive estimate for the job, even before the military discount. After we scheduled the work, we met up with Mike #2 (master electrician) and his crew of 1 (can't remember his name) but both were a pleasure to work with. Master Mike (as we call him to differentiate between Owner Mike) knew exactly how we wanted things done almost even before we told him, and really blew our expectations away. Not only did our project get done within the estimated price they finished ahead of schedule. It doesn't get better than this. Too bad Owner Mike only does electricity as I need a contractor for other jobs, and most of them don't even come close to how good Mike and his team are.
5	I've known Mike Rogoz for several years, and he, and his company, have never let me down!Mike's motto is "If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing right".  And that's what they do.  They get the job done right.Everyone at Rogoz Electric is courteous, knowledgeable, and professional.  Their techs are polite and on time.   I've used them at my home, I've used them at rental properties, and I've referred them for major rewiring jobs.   They've never disappointed me with their service, and I know of no one who has a bad word to say about them.Contractors often have a bad reputation for taking advantage of people.  That is one thing you won't have to worry about with Rogoz.  They deliver great service, at a fair price, without trying to upsell you, or exaggerating either the problem or the costs.  If you have lights in your house that randomly flicker, or light switches that spark when you turn them on, or outlets that don't work,or breakers that constantly trip,Give Rogoz a call for an honest assessment of what the problem is.Otherwise, your next call might be 911.
5	I used Rogoz Electric for a small job of adding a GFI outlet in my front courtyard so that I could run a fountain there. He responded via email from his website promptly and his quote was competitive. He showed up at the agreed upon time and got the job done without any hassle in a professional manner. I recommend!
5	Rogoz Electric is the only company we call.  If you wan the job done right the first time, these are the people to call.  Electric is not something you want to play around with.  It has to be done right.
5	I called Rogoz Electric and my call was returned in less than 30 minutes (as promised on their voicemail).  Mike was generous enough to call back quickly to help me with an emergency that ended up being an easy self-repair (garbage disposal).  I can imagine how helpful and knowledgable he is with bigger projects.
