1	I've been going here for two years, but only started seeing them more than once a year to start allergy shots this past April. The actual doctors are good, not great but good enough for me not to search elsewhere. The staff however is abysmal. They regularly cancel appointments or allergy injection hours without notice, lose paperwork and in one case demanded payment and attempted to deny treatment for billing they never actually sent me. A great example, I decided to start allergy shots in April. They were supposed to start the proces immediately, but only started the process when I follow-up with them in May wondering why I hadn't been charged for it yet. Once they ordered my serum for my allergy shots in May I was told to wait a month. In late June, 6 weeks later, I called and they said they weren't sure, they had no record of my serum yet. Then they confirmed and made my appointment to start. Which they lost when I went in. In the less then 3 months I've been getting shots the "open hours" for shots have been altered without notice 3 times.Once I finish my allergy shots I'm leaving and never looking back.
5	I spent 90 minutes with Dr. Rishi and her staff today determining what was going on with allergies.  Had an allergy test and will have a blood test.  The staff was great, the Dr. and her assistant were very thorough.
4	I've been taking one of my nanny kids here for a year, and we have figured out the quirks. We always call ahead to make sure they are open (days closed can seem random  FYI) and we don't wait Til the end of the day to go. Usually there is not a long wait, just the standard shot given typically within 5 min of arrival and the 30 min wait post shot to be sure there's no reaction. The receptionist has been here every time and she's very friendly. They got new wifi and it works better than the last time. The waiting room has a nice sized tv for waiting children and there are plenty of magazines. The bathroom is nice and clean. For an allergy place, I can't think of what else you could ask for.
5	Dr.s Wong & Wong are excellent medical providers.  They are committed to solving problems, not just 'practice to the standard'.  For four decades I suffered intermittent sinus issues and more or less constant sinusitis.    Within six months of having Dr. D. Wong work on the problem, viola'....no more congestion, no more sinusitis.  To see all the comments here about office hours, wait times, parking...and so forth, makes me wonder what some of these people are here for.  The office and practice is fine.  But even if it were not, if it were a sty that I had to wait hours for in the rain....the medical results would be worth it.  Highly recommended!
1	When I first came to them it was because I was having an allergic reaction to a sunscreen, make-up, and walnut depending on brand. I told them upfront that this was the reason I was coming to them. They said they could determine what I was allergic to, at no time did they say they may not be able to determine the cause of my allergy. After the patch test I had a great deal of itching for the first day and then no itching, at the reveal 2 days later I had no signs of allergy, so I asked about the intense itching, they said they don't test for immediate reaction only for delayed reaction :OThen I had the scratch test which determined the degree of allergy to certain items, but afterwards asked when they would be able to determine what is causing my hives when I put on sunscreen and make-up, the response was that they don't do that kind of testing, they just do generic testing. For my allergy I would have to go someplace like the mayo clinic :OSo imagine my surprise when I got a bill for $914!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :O$1k for NOTHING! And never was I told up front that this was going to cost me a fortune, much less that they would not help me find the reason for the allergy. GRRRRRRRRRRRRR
