1	I went here for cosmetic reasons, and I had a terrible experience. Dr. Jazzayeri told me to use this special face wash and lotion, which I assumed was a prescription. Then at checkout, I come to find the sell it there for somewhere around $60. I googled it when I got home and found out that Dr. Jazzayeri's partner developed this line, and they sell it exclusively there (and online). They also gave me a "chemical peel" which was just some liquid they applied with a giant Q-tip, and several weeks later I got a statement from my insurance saying that they tried to bill Humana $150 for the "chemical peel." They hadn't told me there would be any charge.Dr. Jazzayeri didn't even look at my skin close up, and he spent as much time trying to sell me a package of laser hair removal from his laser clinic as he did talking about my skin condition.Oh, and he prescribed me an antibiotic that comes out to about $550 per month. My insurance wouldn't cover it, but he gave me some card from the drug manufacturer that allows me to get the prescription filled three times at a reduced cost (no more than $25 max each time, depending on the pharmacy). Now that those three refills are up, I guess I'm going off the antibiotic. I'm definitely not going back to this doctor.
2	I recently saw Dr. Richard Bottiglione here at Alliance Dermatology for a routine checkup and felt his "bedside manner" was a little lacking.It seemed he only looked at my skin for like 30 seconds and before I knew it he was shooting me up and slicing a mole off my back. That's great, I guess, but a little heads-up would be nice.A few moments later he was making a break for the door so I let it be known I had a few questions for him, which is partly why I came after all. He stopped in the doorway and let me ask one, but about halfway through my second question he basically said "you should make another appointment" Really? Well I'm here now, and this is why I came, to ask you these questions...Also, the antibacterial facial wipes he "prescribed", which are conveniently sold at the front counter for the seemingly-steep price of $35, are made by his company. Hey, what a coincidence. The only good news here was my mole biopsy confirmed it was just a mole, but I've since made another appointment - with a different dermatologist...
2	I recently visited this office. Prior to visiting I had given the girl up front all of my insurance information. I saw doctor Jazayeri. I showed him a mole that I believed may be a problem. He did politely explain the procedure which would be to numb the area, slice it off and send it to the lab. He then asked me if I had any other concerns, I showed him a small bump on my neck, he said this was a wart and that he could easily remove it. He then asked to look at my back, I allowed him and he found another skin tag that again he said he could remove right then. I started feeling a bit overwhelmed by all of this information and I expressed that. Doctor Jazayeri explained that I didn't have to do it today. I finally said "wait, how much is all this going to cost?" Assuming that since they already made it clear that they needed to check my insurance prior to the visit I thought this would be a valid question that deserved an accurate answer. The assistant looked down at my chart and said "you have Aetna, you're covered." I gave in and said lets just get this over with. When I got up to the front they informed me that I owed $250! I explained that this was crazy and that I was told by one of their employees that I was "covered". Now regardless if I would have gotten the mole no matter the cost I believe that should have been my choice. Instead, I was led to believe that these 3 procedures wouldn't cost me anything and ended up getting blind sighted. I left this doctor's office feeling like I had been scammed. Not a good feeling to have with a doctor.
1	I went to see Dr Bottegione and will not be returning.  First I waited for over an hour and no one acknowledged that I had to wait.  Then when I met with him, I asked if he could do a routine skin check he said that he didnt see any moles on me (from glancing at me) so what is there to check..   my original reason for the visit was for acne treatment and he was trying to push his products on me. I asked what ingredients were in it and he looked annoyed that I asked and didn't answer my question. He said in a month he wanted to put me on accutane..I told him I was trying to conceive.. would have thought that question would have been asked first.  when he left his is staff member started putting something on my face and while she is doing it tells me It Is a chemical peel.  I would have thought that would something they discussed with you first and gave you the option. Ends up I got a bad reaction I think(or is that a normal side effect,i dont know)because I felt really tired and not well for several days afterwards, and my face was peeling just in time for a big meeting I had for work.  I get a bill for the full visit and called  my insurance. They said the dr had given the wrong provider number.. I called the office and they claimed it was my insurance company that billed them wrong so ignore the bill for now. I get a bill in the mail for the full amount again and called the office and they said to ignore it again .. then I just got a bill in the mail that is reduced but atill has charges outside my copay.  I bet it was that chemical peel that I didnt even have the option of declining.
1	I was diagnosed with shingles at Urgent Care and I tried to make an appointmet with Dr. Bottiglone, who I've been seeing for quite some time, and I LOVE, but i couldn't get in to see him for weeks, so I asked to see anyone who was available. They were able to get me in to see the PA there, a Dr. Patterson. I asked the office staff, during my same initial phone call if their office can fill out the FMLA paperwork I needed since I had already missed  work, and had no idea how long the awful pain would last. The person who answered the phone said she would check with the office manager. I was then told that it wouldn't be a problem. They also told me that there wouldn't be any additional cost for the paperwork I needed.When I saw the doctor he was pleasant, and explained what I had and what medications I'd need. I left some of the FMLA paperwork there and explained that I needed it filled out. Again, i was told that it wouldn't be a problem.Days later, I was called by the company that handles the FMLA claim that no paperwork had been recieved by them. I called Alliance Dermatology and was told that the doctor didn't feel comfortable filling out that paperwork. I explained the importance of having that paperwork filled out to protect my job. The office said that maybe i should speak to the doctor directly. On my follow up appointment, I spoke with the doctor.He was very argumentative, and explained that I should get the paperwork filled out by my primary physician, even though I had explained I do not have one. He refused to sign all the paperwork. i was finally able to convince him all i needed for him to say was that I was treated for shingles and that's why I was missing work. He said most people who get shingles just miss a week of work and then can go right back. He didn't care to hear that i was in excruciating pain, all the time. That I have been employed at the same company for 18 years, and wasn't trying to get out of work. i needed time to recuperate, and really wasn't able to work.With the one paper Dr. Patterson finally agreed to fill out and sign, my job was protected, but I wouldn't be getting paid for the 2 weeks i had taken off.The medication he gave did nothing to help my pain. I never received the medication some pharmacy on the east coast was supposed to mail me.If it wasn't for Dr. Bottiglone, i'd never go back to this office.The office staff, as nice as they are, are obviously ill informed on how to handle an FMLA  request.Dr. Patterson could learn to be a little more compassionate, and empathetic. I don't wish the pain of shingles on anyone. He made this awful experience even worse.I will never ask to be seen by him again.
1	I won't be back! This clinic does not respect their patient's time.  I had an appointment and they called the day prior to cancel on me. I rescheduled the appointment for the following week. It took OVER an hour to even see Dr. Jaz. I have waited 20-45 minutes in the past but over an hour!?!? Unacceptable!
