1	One of the worst asian Restaurants The service was Horrible and extremely Rude, when we ordered it was like we were bothering them asking a question. How do you screw up your own nationality food? Waited about 7-10 mins. With two empty glasses of water with only two other tables with customers in Restaurant. SAd!!
3	Service mad slow ... But it was almost 10:00 pm. Food was good though ... And fresh. FYI it's no smoking but the smoke migrants over from the casino.
4	I think that the food in this place is very good.It's a hotel restaurant, so it's pricey, but what do you expect.They're open very late, up to 2AM on the weekends, which I like.I get the same thing every time I go. Pot stickers and Moo Goo Gai Pan, and the pot stickers are the best that I've found here in Vegas.I think the service is fine and the servers are polite.I've been there at least 20 times.They're more than willing to add spice to dishes that are not normally spicy, and vice-versa.The key is to order the "vegetable of the day". They aren't advertised, so you just have to ask (or look at the dishes on the other tables).Sometimes it's bok choy, sometimes it's asparagus, etc.Trust them prepare it the way they want to, and you will most likely be satisfied.Try to get a table as far inside as you can go, because half the restaurant is right near the casino floor, and it has no dividing wall.However, I've never smelled any smoke when I've eaten there.Overall, I would recommend it, and I'm pretty picky.
5	Favorite Chinese food when in Vegas.  Orange chicken and shrimp fried rice my favorite.  Everything is good.  Never disappointed.
4	Tasty sweet and sour fish -  also the scallops with black pepper. Waiter talked my husband out of shrimp congee but otherwise great service. Nice surprise in a casino.
3	I wish I could put 3.5 stars instead. The food was actually really delicious (although, we mostly ordered fried food) and it wasn't too salty for my grandma to eat.  What makes me give them the lower rate is the cleanliness of the restaurant itself.  We sat at a small table that was against the wall (not exactly a booth) and the walls were dirty.  Like food had been splashed all over the wall and was never cleaned nor scrubbed down.  That grossed me out a little, but I forgot about that as soon as I got my food.  The waiters were actually attentive and really friendly.  Keep in mind, this was on a busy night as well, so I'm surprised that a lot of people on here say that they had received slow service.
