3	One of the few places that are open late night in the area, this is the place I go to after 10 pm to grab a quick bite.  I order my usual....7 Layer Burrito2 - Cheesy Rice & Bean BurritosThey're pretty fast in getting your order ready.  I've never had a bad meal or service at this location.Return Factor - 80%
1	I just bought a nacho cheese chalupa like 3 days ago which is what I get everytime I go to taco bell and all of a sudden now they "don't make them" so I have to pay 75 cents more for the nacho cheese everytime I order it? How does that make any sense at all. They just lost a loyal customer.
2	Food's always been good, the service and speed is a bit more hit and miss than I am used to even for Taco Bell.   Also not pleased with the grillers being priced above a buck now.  I liked em at 99 cents!
1	I avoid this Taco Bell and make the drive 5 miles to the one on McDowell. This place sucks.  WORST SERVICE EVER. Can't get an order right.
1	Went back. Still can't get an order right. Also, employees standing outside smoking and taking my order, as a smoker, disgusts me.
1	Frequent this Taco Bell fairly often and experienced terrible service yesterday.  Sonny, the shift manager, informed us upon ordering that there would be a wait for the food, as there was a backup.  We agreed and placed our order.  While watching everyone else get their food, we approached the counter 20 minutes later, only to find our food had been sitting there, but no one had bothered to call our number.  The food was completely cold, and Sonny had a complete attitude when we complained that he had not notified us that the food was ready.  He claimed that there was no way the food could be cold and was a total jerk, which prompted us to ask for a refund.  Won't go here again, as there are plenty of other TBs in the area with better service.
5	I love Taco Bell. This location is beautiful. The interior reminds me of a local cantina vs the generic fast food feeling. The food is consistent and the store is always clean. Even the art work is a little more hip that I'm used too. The only gripe I have is the hours.... 9am to 10pm lobby. The drive through an extra hour.   I feel like Taco Bell is known for fourth meal, which is in the middle of the night. But I'm sure the staff doesn't mind not working overnight.
4	I'm in the area frequently, so I eat lunch here often when I'm in need of a quick bite to eat.  Nine times out of ten, it's a good experience as long as I get here before 12 pm.  Once 12 pm hits, it's impossible to find a table/seat since it's the start of the lunch rush.My fav items to get are 7 Layer Burritos and Bean Burritos.  This location makes larger than average portions too, so you get your money's worth.The employees here are usually friendly and helpful.  That's one of the reasons I come back so often.Return Factor - 80%
1	It's Taco Bell. You know exactly what you are going to get...sick later.
5	Don is awesome. He's the reason I come to this Taco Bell. Wish it was open later.  But don makes it worth the drive.  Best Taco Bell ever.
5	This is my local Taco Bell and also my favorite, I know it may not be gourmet or actual Mexican food but it's a guilty pleasure that I can't stay away from.  And this location is always clean and has friendly service and seem to prepare my orders just the way I like it compared to others.
5	As far as Taco Bell locations go, this is a solid one. I have never had an incorrect order, cold food or anything bad. They are relatively quick and everyone is usually nice.
3	Never usually hit the Bell, but all those damn breakfast commercials made me curious and I recently gave in and tried the AM Breakfast Crunch Wrap with Bacon. This was a unique concoction and for a fast food breakfast item was pretty tasty. It was crunchy, the eggs were fluffy and the mild jalapeno sauce that was inside might have made the difference. Only $2.50, but worthy of a treat once in awhile. Just wish the drive through woman had given me medium sauce like I asked instead of mild.
