3	Stayed here recently while in town on a business trip for three days.  I would say that the hotel was a bit overpriced for what it was:  $199 weeknights, $179 weekends. The rooms were not very updated (old furniture, small re-fridge, really small microwave) the furniture didn't even match. The gym was the smallest I've ever seen with three or four pieces of cardio equipment, that was it.The free breakfast in the morning was pretty good (waffle makers, eggs, variety of bread/bagels, fruit, yogurt, cereal, etc).The one great thing the hotel has going, excellent customer service.  Some of the best I've seen in awhile.
4	Minus the fact that there's no dresser and the area itself is kind of shady, this hotel is still pretty nice.The rooms are huge.  There's a separate area with a desk and a countertop with a microwave, then there's another area with a couch and TV as well as the couch being a pull-out, and finally there's the bedroom area with the bathroom off to the side.There's not much walking room so it's not VERY spacious, but you can make due with what you're given.  There's also complimentary breakfast every morning, a shuttle for the airport, and a little market place if you want soda or a quick snack in the middle of the night.
2	BRING EARPLUGS!!!On the night of my stay, it took me at least a hour to fall asleep because of all the passing cars.  I suggest you get a room that's not facing the street if you are staying there.  I also woke up several times in the middle of the night because I could hear my neighbors flushs the toilet and took shower.The room was ok, but the AC was absolutely scary.  I am not sure what kind of AC is that, but it looks like is a really old model and not one of those newer ones which you can select how hot or cold you want the room to be.  It also makes loud noise when it is on and after you leave it on for a certain period of time, it'll make very very loud noise that sounds like it's about to fall apart or blow up.  My girlfriend and I ended up decided not to turn it on because we both feel like it's not time for us to die yet.The other thing I had problem with was their free WiFi.  After I realized both their WiFi and Internet jack were not working, i called the front desk right away and was told someone from their internet service provider will call me back.  I waited more than 30 minutes but still no one called me back so I had to call again.  It took them another 20 minutes or so to get their internet service back up.  However, after I hung up the phone, I realized their WiFi was still not working.  I was able to connect to the internet because I had the cable plugged in......In my opinion, the facility is probably way too old.  I would not stay here again if I ever go back to Phoenix.
2	The service is as good as most of the Marriotts, but that's about the only good thing I'll say about this place since I'm comparing it to other Marriotts in the same class. First off, my A/C takes a long time to cool if it doesn't freeze up its own pipes...no fixes. The elevators have to be one of the top 3 slowest I've ever used in a modern building, and the components of the structure in general look like they were just thrown together by a few amateurs looking at a step by step model. The assembly almost seems that bad... Basically, this is a hotel walking distance from downtown that has rooms w/ desks, refridges, microwaves, and fairly comfortable beds, but it's built like the ghetto that's right behind it. I'm paying $159 a night on the weekdays.
3	This is the first Springhill Suites that I've stayed at.  Service was good.  Hotel was clean.  Room was acceptable.  Big enough to work in, nothing special.   Fitness Room was small but that was fine as I was the only one using it.  The breakfast on par for what you would receive when you stay at a hotel.  They could use better coffee.Very nice hotel to stay at if you have business at the convention center.
5	Hotel was nice and they had a great big spread for breakfast...I thought it was going to be a continental breakfast (roll and coffee) but they had eggs, sausage, bacon, cereal, fruit, yogurt, milk, juice, chocolate, toast and bagels...delish..The Hotel was close to the Center of town (if you call that a center) and the baseball stadium was within walking distance (that's why i came to Phoenix...why else would I come to such a ghost town) and a church was also nearby.  If you go in the opposite direction of downtown (if you want to call it that) you will certainly hit the seedy part of town...Van Buren St. is known for it's prostitution and drugs.As far as Phoenix goes, it's hard to imagine that it is the fifth largest city in the United States (cowtown if you ask me)  If you visit any other city, they look like cities... Atlanta, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Boston, Detroit, Baltimore, New Orleans, etc...what happened to Phoenix...no people, no traffic, no shopping, no restaurants, no nothing...yeech!
4	Best bargain in DT PHX. The hotel is half the price of some of the other downtown hotels, and is only a few blocks away from restaurants, the convention center, US Airways Arena, and Chase Field. I paid $100/ night when some of the other DT hotels were charging close to $200.The hotel has a complimentary shuttle to and from the airport and has a full breakfast included in the price of the hotel (eggs, breakfast meats, waffles, bagels, english muffins, oatmeal, cereal, etc).The rooms are a little dated but there is complimentary wi-fi in all the rooms. Beds are incredibly comfortable and there are new flat screen TVs in all the rooms. My only complaint was the amount of chlorine in the pool and spa. I went in a brunette and came out platinum blonde.Recommended.
3	The WiFi in the guestrooms is terribly slow, but rooms are comfortable. The hotel is located in a decent location.
4	Great price and a 10 minute walk to Chase Field.  During summer really hot to walk, but hotel provides free shuttle service.  They stop after 10 pm, so it was nice to see bicycle taxis for a nominal fee.  Room was clean and bigger than expected.  With two young kids it helped.  Air conditioner worked great, but a little loud for those light sleepers.  All staff were very friendly and helpful.  Complimentary breakfast was good, but nothing major.  Only downside for us was that the pool had way too much chlorine.  My sons eyes were blood red.  Would stay again if in the area.
3	I've got a couple of choices in Marriott properties that are close to the Exit Certified office where I teach when I go to Phoenix. I chose the SpringHill Suites Phoenix Downtown last year (my first trip to Phoenix), and it worked out, so I went back.This SpringHill Suites is pretty much like every other one. Internet connectivity was weak on the sixth floor, though. I don't remember the connection being this poor on the trip last year. Otherwise, service good-front desk staff, excellent, housekeeping did fine. Breakfast was weak-their idea of eggs are those patty-things you put on an egg mcmuffin. Turkey sausage and Canadian bacon are weak meat choices. Not that I really care that much, honestly. I can grab a bowl of cereal and a coffee, then stop someplace for a proper breakfast sandwich on the way to the office.The SpringHill Suites is located on 7th Street and Van Buren, and the office is at 1st Avenue and Adams, which makes for a ten-block walk. That's exactly what I want, because I don't have to rent a car. The hotel has a shuttle to/from the airport, and Phoenix has good public transit if I want to get adventurous. The proximity to decent dining options, such as Pizzeria Bianco, The Rose and Crown, and the restaurants in Arizona Center all add up to a good location.
1	Worst hotel ever for this "level." Upon check in the elevator door wouldn't close, after 4 attempts we used the stairs. We get to our room and the key doesn't work. The front desk gave us the wrong room key. It actually opened another room. Lucky we aren't thieves..." The TV did NOT work so we went without. There is nothing like crud in the corners of the bathroom floor from a lazy mop job over many weeks (obviously) for that kind of build up. Gross overall. If you are looking for somewhere within walking distance to Chase Field, we did not find it threatening to walk in that area. Late at night, after a game, there are a lot of people and vehicles around. Those reasons are why it seemed OK for the area. I must say however in 104 degrees it is a lot more of a walk than you think. Had we known parking is cheap (under 10 bucks for some GREAT parking) we would have stayed FARTHER out at a Hilton...
1	Underwhelming - attention to detail is lacking. Carpets are dirty, empty bottle of wine in the fridge when I opened it for the first time, the AC was not running when I checked-in so the room smelled musty - like beer was being fermented in the bathtub. There are no electric plug near the bed - I was to be sitting on my bed and charging my phone and working on my computer. Wifi is free but does not reach to my room... Come-ON!
4	Quiet, comfortable and convenient; excellent attributes for the business traveller! Breakfast included healthy choices but still provided something for the carb-a-holics :-)
5	First rate customer service gets 10 stars. They went above and beyond to help us and provide the best service. I can't recommend them enough. The rooms were big and the beds were to die for - so comfy. A little short on electrical outlets for charging phone and laptop. TV fine. Continental breakfast was really a buffet with many choices depending on your culinary preferences. I didn't have any problems with wifi strength. Keys worked fine, elevators worked, no crud in the corners, very clean. We were pleased beyond - I would highly recommend them. Again, let me stress the customer service from front desk staff was killer.
1	I did not have a good experience here. Upon a late check in, my business partner was told he was checking in a day late, they were expecting him the day before. After showing his confirmation confirming he was not supposed to be there a day early, he was told they would have to check with a day manager. The day after, they took care of it but the manager made it sound like it was his fault and she was doing him a favor by taking it off of his bill. The bathroom looked very worn, the shower and sink leaked. If you would like heat or air, the unit does not have a thermostat so it either runs or it is off. Very noisy. I was several rooms down from the elevator but I still heard and felt the vibration somehow. Every morning for breakfast (which was included) by 7:30 the two trash cans were over flowing. Food was average.
2	I visit Phoenix frequently and this is my first stay at this location. The hotel is marginal, but needs some major updates. The breakfast is less than mediocre and seems like they are always low on supply. The last 2 mornings I arrived to find nothing but crumbs left for eggs. Lastly,  the customer service rep (I wont mention any names) who checked me in needed additional training on how to treat loyal customers. She was very rude and short during check in which I find uncommon for the brand.
3	Stayed here when my daughter registered at ASU. It was quiet and the neighborhood is nice. I felt safe and comfortable. A few troubles: 6th floor WiFi does not work - they rebooted it, but after reading other Yelp reviews I realized I'm not the only one on 6th with troubles. Came home for night 3 here and the room wasn't cleaned - 5:30 p.m. They are cleaning it now. Beds were very comfortable and the room was clean. I'm mostly satisfied.
4	Springhill Suites by Marriott is located in the heart of downtown, Phoenix within minutes from the Chase Field.  Price was reasonable, which included parking, wifi, premium channels, and breakfast from 6:30 to 9:30.Breakfast included waffles, cereal, eggs, sausages, bagels, juice, milk, coffee, fruits and more.  The room was spacious with a fridge and microwave as well as two tv's.  Only thing I didn't like about the room is that the sink is separate from the bathroom, and out in the open= You have to do your hair and makeup without privacy.  It wasn't an issue this time since I was with my daughter, but I wouldn't come here with my boyfriend.  Blackouts are not completely dark.
1	Worst front desk staff ever. I books my room in July for a conference in Oct, and only upon arrival was I told that they moved me to Fairfield Inn. HORRIBLE
4	Not deserving of one star. We were there last weekend with a 13 year old Pop Warner football team. 50-60 people. I thought they were great. Chad at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean, beds and pillows comfortable, bathrooms did what they needed to do. Ok one bad apple, Jenny the clean up person for the breakfast, was a SUPER GRUMP. At 9:36, breakfast closes at 9:30, was in a hurry to clean and remove the food as a few last minute guests got their last minute breakfast. I told her to slow down and let us get our breakfast but she did not stop. Extremely rude. I did tell management later about the situation and they were very apologetic. I certainly am not going to let one bad apple spoil the good that this hotel did for us.
