5	Scottsdale Beer Company has only been open 2 days and the food and service were fantastic !!!!! Great new local hangout!! Didn't try the beer but it looked like they new what they were doing!
5	Just found my new favorite hang out. This place has it all, good service, great beer selection, TVs all over the place, killer food menu, even the house music is on point. We will be visiting this place regularly.
5	Official opening is about a month away. However, we stopped in on Saturday for a beer and wings. Both were awesome. The menu looks great and the inside is very cool. We will definitely add this to our list of regular places.
3	Came in after shopping at neighbor Pier 1 Imports and found I arrived in time for happy hour-- 3p- 7p Mon to Fri, 11a to 4p weekend; $1 off SBC beers, well drinks, and wines by the glass, and a $1 off apps and snacks.Tried a few samples of an SBC pale ale, and a couple of guest Hefeweizens, and settled on a very tasty pint of Sleepy Dog Brewing Parched Pooch!   This tasted even better when paired with the Bacon and Cheddar tots-- three hand-rolled tater tots, which came with truffled sour cream.  It was like biting into fried balls of mashed potatoes-- delicious, and quite fun!  Tasted great with, or without the truffled cream.  (I woke up in a lot of pain, though, due to the truffle oil addition, as well as the inflammatory white potato ingredient. )Breads are currently supplied by Wildflower Bread Co., but I'm told that SBC intends to bake its own bread recipes within three months' time.  I wanted to try the Sticky Toffee Pudding bread pudding, but the kitchen staff did not know if the Shamrock Farms- supplied ice cream is corn syrup-free.  Maybe the chef can whip up some creme anglaise, or a creme fraiche to top it with next time?A sweet service industry discount is available- tell your friends!  I know I will, and next time, I'll take a tour of the brewery, and I hear there will be free samples!
5	This new Brew Pub has just opened in our neighborhood, so we thought we'd give it a try. Friendly knowledgeable staff, great Pale Ale, and good food. Our daughter had the pulled pork sandwich. She said the meat was tender, and it was served with cole slaw in the sandwich (the way it should be). I enjoyed the grilled bacon wrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes,  green beans and sauteed mushrooms. Delicious! My husband enjoyed his fish n chips, made with Walleye Pike. The chef is from the Midwest, and he suggested the Pike instead of the usual cod. Another hit! It is rare that we try a new place and ALL of us get something we love, but Scottsdale Beer Company  did it. Our waiter talked us into trying a desert of Sticky Toffee-Pumpkin Pudding. OMG. The three of us shared it. Three thumbs up! We will be back often.
5	A very welcome addition to Central Scottsdale, Scottsdale Beer Company so far has proven to be awesome!I've been there twice since their soft opening on January 3, and I must say I am very impressed.To put it this way, with independent restaurants that have no existing brand or footprint to have as support, it is up to the owner/developer to create something that works, and that won't fall victim to the statistic of the ever-so-prevalent failed restaurants/bars.  I think the owners/developers of Scottsdale Beer Company have it right, and I wish them much success.  When trying out new restaurants over the years, I can tell that sometimes it takes a good amount of time for many places to smooth out the wrinkles and overcome the glitches that can inevitably happen with a new operation.Well, after these two visits, my experience was absolutely stellar from start to finish.  I have no criticism whatsoever! Overall, I found Scottsdale Beer Company to......have excellent, attentive service from every employee encountered.  And it wasn't just solid service - everyone went above and beyond to see that the food, drinks, and overall experience was top notch.  You could tell that not only did they hire the right people, that they must have been well-trained to really care about their customers....have very tasty food!  The fish and chips were amazing, the blackened fish sandwich scrumptious, and the desserts very good.  My friends seemed to really enjoy their selections too.  Extra points for very nice presentation too, with nice dinnerware, etc....good beer!  Granted, their brewery is not at full speed ahead yet, but their guest beers were really nice choices for all tastes.  In most bars around the area, it seems IPAs predominate the "craft beer" taps.  Nothing against IPAs, but they are not my personal favorites.  I tend to gravitate toward Belgian-style beers, porters, stouts, bocks, etc.  In their guest beer list (which changes daily), they had a really nice Belgian quad and Russian imperial porter, both of which were top notch....a really nice atmosphere.  It is apparent from all the TVs throughout, that this would be a great place to watch a game.  Additionally, even if it were packed, there is enough spaced to where it wouldn't feel crowded.  The decor has clean lines and feels urban and industrial, which I like.  There was even an artist there chalking up nice designs on their really large chalkboards.  Nice music in the background, but just at the right volume to where everyone can still hear each other.  On nice 75 degree days like today, I would guess the "garage door" style windows they had lining one wall to the outdoor patio could really make the place have an amazing open, airy feel to take advantage of the great Scottsdale weather....was impeccably clean.  Granted, it is brand new, but sometimes that doesn't mean anything to some restaurants.  The bathrooms were super clean, as well as everywhere else.Bottom line, it is not only apparent that the owners here seem to really care about hopefully turning this place into a cash cow success, but they also really seem to care about delivering a fantastic experience to their patrons on all levels (which is the key to that cash cow success!).I hope that they can keep consistency, and that many subsequent reviews from other Yelpers can exclaim about a great time as well!  Best wishes to Scottsdale Beer Company.  I look forward to returning!
3	My first thoughts when I walked in were "wow this a nice big attractive place".  The large bar is right in front and has seating and TVs all around which I like.  There are plenty of high and low tables and a nice outside patio.  With the doors rolled up you get a lot of fresh air when you're sitting inside and I love the big glass windows that look into the brewing area.I sat at the bar and didn't see a list of beers anywhere and a lot of the taps aren't marked even if you can see that far.  The waitress rattled off the beers but c'mon a real beer geek wants to see the details on the brewer, style, abv and ibu's.  It wasn't until later in the evening when they printed up a list that I could see everything they carried including a couple that the bartender didn't mention.I tried their pale ale and thought it was just Ok.  The flavors were a little muted and I'd love a little more citrus and pine flavor.  I ended up drinking an Avery Dugana and a Bell's Two-hearted which were great.For happy hour my friend and I shared the hummus plate and a burger.  The white bean hummus was good but the flatbread was really tough to chew.  The burger was OK as was the mac and cheese side.  The mac and cheese would have been better if they added something like bread crumbs on top and then browned it to give it some crunch.I'll be interested to try some of their other beers.  Arizona Wilderness and Fate Brewing down the road are doing a great job with their own creations.  It will be interesting to see if SBC can gather a following for their beers or just be another place to grab a craft beer on a rotating handle with average food.
