3	Green's has been here for a long time, and is somewhat of an institution in this city. The hot dogs and burgers are pretty good, with their specialty being "carolina style" with chili and slaw. Food quality is decent, but the big deal here is price. Super-cheap everything is their motto.
4	Loved this place.  It isn't the nicest/cleanest place in Charlotte, but it the best bang for your buck.  I love hot dogs and they know how to get it done!! These dogs are delicious!  The green dog is so special because it is so simple.  A long time tradition, this greek owned hot dog joint knows what they are selling.  Give it a try for an el cheapo luncho.. Trust me.Enjoy.-Ian M.
5	I have been eating at greens since I was a little kid. I still go there with my husband every Saturday that I am in Charlotte. It is a tiny little place that has been there forever but they have the best hotdogs around. The chili is smooth and yummy. They also always make your crinkle fries when you order them, so they are always fresh and hot, never sitting under a heat lamp.  Also, the people that work there are very friendly. We are regulars there and they always welcome us like we are old friends. If you like hotdogs, fries, and drinks with crushed ice, definitely give this place a try next time you are in uptown Charlotte.
3	I had a BLT and cheese fries. The BLT and Cheese fries were ok. I think the thing here is the prices are reasonable (not that cheap for what you get, but reasonable) and the place has been around since 1926 and has the feel of a historic lunch counter. I think that's the cool thing about the place.
5	This small gem has been around since little Herbie Hoover was president, and it serves one of the very finest examples of the Southern Chili Dog  a dish consisting of 2 meats, 2 veggies, and bread, a complete meal.They serve other things here - burgers, sandwiches, etc - but the hot dog is the prize here, and should be ordered here, and ordered often. The dog is the star of the place, and the thick, meaty chili is the star of the dog. It is the thickest chili I've ever encountered, anf the result is a heavy, delicious dog.The burger here is ok, but pales next to the dog. The fries should be avoided, little taste or texture. This is a simple, no ambiance diner, a little worn and weary, but worth seeking out. Every time I am in Charlotte near lunch time, the question is here or Price's.
5	Center of the hot dog universe! Been eating here for 20+ years, never had anything but hot dogs (chili, mustard, and slaw) and french fries. It's the chili that makes this place special. They have other "stuff" on the menu, but what's the point?  And, the y have the best crushed ice on the planet. If they ever close the doors, I'm buying the ice machine.
2	I had two dogs, fries, and a coke for lunch.  The cheese was the individually wrapped American slices torn in 1/2, the bun was your plain white basic variety, the chili right out of a can, and the meat typical. Frankly (haha), it didn't do anything for me.  Because of some of the other stellar reviews, I'll have to give it another try, maybe the green dogs?  Friendly enough with a small town diner ambiance.
3	A stone's throw from Bank of America Stadium (I would say a hail mary pass away, but no Panther's QB's could complete it), on 4th Street, is a little slice of Americana known as Green's Lunch.  That is exactly what they serve.  Lunch.On the outskirts of the hustle and bustle portion of uptown proper and before you get to the over-priced parking lot farms that are smattered about the stadium area this little greasy spoon sits unassuming.Upon walking in, the age of the booths and the wallpaper let you know that this place has been here awhile.  At a glance, I recognized a "best of Charlotte" certificate from 1995.  Was that REALLY 16 years ago?!  Man....The fare is basic.  Hot dogs, burgers, BLTs, sandwiches, fries, onion rings, et cetera.  Exactly what you expect them to accomplish with a two basket deep fryer, a griddle, and a fixins station of sorts.They are known for their hot dogs.  "All the way" means mustard, ketchup, chili, onions, and slaw.  An extra 50 cents and you get some half slices of American cheese underneath all that.  Not bad for a two buck dog.I would recommend it if you are looking for something off the uptown beaten path, feel like abandoning dietary restrictions, keep some Tums in your desk, and have a pack of gum handy for the afternoon.
4	Felt like it was overrated, and anytime something has hype, it never lives up to my exaggerated standards.  That said, I don't think you should go anywhere else if you have a hankering for hot dogs.Colleague and I took a short trek to Green's Lunch from Trade/Tryon and had a sit down there.  Tried to talk business and stuff, but let's face it, with two chilli dogs, onion rings, fries and crushed ice,  the only things being settled were when we'd head over here next time.  Food was great, prices dirt cheap and it's an old school spot. Love the slaw smack dab in the middle.  Beware of food coma even if you don't grub a lot.dmo out
3	These are not the best hot dogs on the planet but they're probably the best, cheapest hot dogs on the planet.You can get 2 hot dogs for the price of what you would pay for just one at somewhere like Five Guys. I get it simple: chili only. There's Texas Pete on the table to give it that extra kick. Some say that it's can chili, but it's some damn good can chili if that's the case. I only wish they had some decent onions for it. They always tasted freezer-burned whenever I've had them. Fries are so-so of the crinkle-cut, frozen variety and onion rings are "pretty good", not great. Your pal,WalterThe place is somewhat of a "hole-in-the'wall" but those are usually among the best places to eat. (I want to steal that old cartoonized-map of Charlotte on the wall.)Great ice!
5	I have been going to Green's for 40 years and I haven't found a better dog yet! I have found some that were close though. There are a few folks that have mentioned on here that  the chili is from a can. I know for a fact that their chili is homemade! If it is from a can maybe someone can email me and tell me which brand it is so I can buy it. The things I like about the dogs are the steamed buns. That way they are moist and practically melt in your mouth. The franks are boiled and they are fat and juicy. The onions are a sweet type like vidalia and they are choped real fine so they aren't lumpy. I usually get 2 all the way with a Pepsi. If you are looking for a really good hot dog I say give them a try and if you know of a better place let me know!
4	I try to eat healthy on most days, but sometimes you just want to be bad and scarf down a couple chili dogs. This is the place to go to fulfill that urge. Green's is a Charlotte institution. An old school lunch counter that also offers burgers, sandwiches, crinkle fries, onion rings, etc... but the dog is the way to go here. Unless you are my pal Eddie, who swears by the livermush sandwich here.It's nothing fancy. Just a lunch spot where you can get a hot dog done right. I suggest getting it slathered in Green's homemade chili.There is a parking lot next to the building. It is a pay lot. I recommend parking on the street and feeding the meter instead.I guess my only real complaint about Green's is that it's not open on Sundays, unless the Panthers are at home.
1	I almost hate writing this review, because Green's is such a Charlotte institution. I almost feel like I'm dissing my adopted city by saying this, but I just don't see what the big deal is about this place. When I first moved here everyone talked about how the hot dogs were as good as The Varsity in Atlanta. News tip: they aren't, and they aren't by a longshot. What's worse, the three or four times I've eaten there the food has been lukewarm and inconsistent. Maybe the hot dog is cold, but the chili is hot. I dunno... I WANT to like this place, but just can't.
5	Quick service, delicious food. Very casual, great place to go Uptown for a quick bite to eat.
5	One of the oldest hotdog / hamburger joints in Charlotte. Burgers and hotdogs are fresh and made to order. Charlotte Classic
4	For our last lunch in Charlotte, we headed downtown to Green's Lunch.  I was drawn by several reviews of the chili dogs and Ms T could always get another cheeseburger.These were excellent, straightforward, nothing fancy, southern style, chili dogs and I liked them very much.  The chili is very fine with good flavor and a hint of heat.  The soft textured, well flavored hot dog is served in a soft white bun.  This is a classic Southerner.  I added slaw, which was finely ground, but pretty bland, although it did not mask the chili.  My extra slaw I doctored with Texas Pete and salt.  I wolfed down two dogs and certainly could have had another one or two, but stopped.Ms T had a cheese burger which is not as good and I recommend you get the chili dogs here.  We were a little late, approaching 1:00pm.  The burger patty was pre-cooked, sitting in broth.  She reported it was a pre-formed patty, not really seasoned and of course not freshly cooked.  Oh well, her loss, she needs to learn to eat chili dogs.
4	Two dogs all the way, fries and a water for around $5.50. Can't beat the prices. I've had the burgers and would rate them as just ok but they are famous for hotdogs so what would you expect. Breakfast is also pretty good.Definitely worth a try if you've never been there.
3	A tour of uptown wouldn't be complete without stopping for some gut-busting fare from Green's Lunch. Swung in here today with some coworkers and I ordered a grilled cheese (add tomato...which makes it healthy), onion rings and a Coke. So all-American.My compatriots ordered hot dogs. We got out of there for under $13. 3 people. Lunch. No joke.At first glance, you realize this is a super divey place, with photos from the 80s, BOB award certificates and framed newspaper articles. It smells a little...you know, just how you'd expect.Service is quick and they move people in and out pretty seamlessly. Apparently they're known for their hot dogs. I didn't partake, but if I were into eating animal...parts, I would have.I hear the chili is stellar, and the onion rings were crispy and delicious. More of a smooth casing batter for the onion rings, and I saw that the fries were crinkle cut.I mixed up a little of the Texas Pete (on every table) with ketchup and used it as my dipping sauce for the rings. Spot on.A true Charlotte staple. Definitely stop by and grab lunch sometime soon! It's quick, cheap and seasoned with just the right nostalgia.
4	Old school diner, known for chili-dogsMost of the reviews here are on point.   We were there early so mostly had breakfast which was darned good.  I was not all that impressed with the chili-dogs frankly (sorry...pun).  "Lost in time" type of diner.  Def worth a shot if you've never been.
5	Old school Charlotte.  Simple, straight forward , comfort food.  The hot dogs are average.  Their burgers  ANY BURGER-  is great.  I usually get a chili cheese burger.  Their breakfast is very, very good.  For the price, you really cannot beat this place.
1	Little confused here.. tried to get a hot dog from the cart outside the Fargo last week, when the lady saw me coming (she was on her cell phone) she hid behind the grill and didn't address me, so I walked away and went to another dog stand... is this the way they normally do business with the hot dog cart??
3	If you're looking for that good 'ol skinny dog in a steamy hot bun, lovingly draped with chili and mustard then this is your spot.  It's the only thing we've eaten here and the dogs have that baseball park comforting goodness.  The people who work here are sweet and the place is clean.  Hit it up if you want some dogs!!
4	I used to eat here all the time when I worked closer to them.  I haven't been in an easy 10 years but went the other day for kicks and it was just as good and basically the same inside the place as it was the last time I was there.  Got two dogs all the way and a glass of water and I think I got out of there for around $4.50.
5	Great hot dogs and prices, friendly staff also. Go to lunch here a few times a month.
3	I'd heard lots of hype about Green's, but I have to say I was a little let down. To be sure, the atmosphere is cool--it's a classic diner-like hot dog joint, and it's been here forever.  But the food wasn't what I was hoping for. I got a hot dog, a grilled cheese, and fries.  For all the talk about the hot dogs, I was expecting something more than average.  But average is what I got.  There are plenty of better hot dogs out there.  The grilled cheese was good, but it's kind of hard to mess that up.  The fries were not very good. All of that said, I'll still give Green's three stars, based mostly on price and charm.
5	You haven't really been to Charlotte until you've been to Green's. Obviously they're known for the hotdogs, but breakfast at this place is a spectacular deal. You can get a full plate of eggs, grits, sausage/bacon and toast for about $3.75 and it's delicious. Awesome breakfast sandwiches as well. I don't know of anyone else in uptown Charlotte who can pull that off.
1	This is one of those places where the hype is bigger than reality.  Sure, it's an institution of a business that somehow survived the times without changing the decor for decades.  But the hot dogs aren't impressive at all, I was actually quite disappointed by them.  In my order, I got two Carolina Style Dogs (mustard, onions, slaw and chili), with fries and a drink.  The drink is inundated with tons of ice, which quickly waters down any flavor the soda may have had.  The fries were so-so, nothing fancy about crinkle-cut.  The dogs were disappointing... since the hot dogs are cooked in a water pot, they should be dried off a little before putting in the bun; well, they didn't do that and I had a soggy buns as a result.  The slaw and chili didn't have any real flavor to them and probably would have been better without because of the mess.  Overall, I couldn't finish both dogs because it got too messy and tasted blah with the wet bun.Honestly, I have had better hot dogs from the Green's lunch cart located in front of Wells Fargo than the actual location.  Prices are the same, cheap, and that lady doesn't mess around with soggy buns.  If you want Green's lunch, go to the cart, not the establishment.  Overall, there are better hot dog places in Uptown, though will cost more.
4	Came here the other day for lunch with a co-worker. I'm not a big "hot dog" guy...in fact, I haven't had a hot dog in ages....I ordered two hot dogs all the way with fries....The hotdogs were AWESOME..!! Maybe it's because I haven't had them in a while...but it's more likely that they are just that damn good! The fries: I LOVE crinkle cut fries....so simple, but yet so good!!If your in the area and can't decide on what to eat for lunch...walk on over to Green's...great bang for your buck...I also saw that they have a breakfast menu...I will be stopping by one of these days for a quick breakfast sandwhich...
3	Basic dive with boiled dogs, some toppings, and french fries.  No frills served on Styrofoam plates.  Interesting throw back to days gone by and that's their hook.
