1	We used to have a storage unit with Storage Max.  Storage Max has an EXTREMELY rude staff, from our experience.  They do not accept credit cards and will only accept checks or cash.  So do not even think of setting up an automatic payment plan.  Also be aware that your belongings may be exposed to some dust from dust storms, as ours were.  Which never happened in our previous experiences from renting storage units.The prices are the cheapest you can find in Scottsdale, and the saying was true to us, remember, you get what you pay for.
4	I have to agree that these folks are sooo easy to work with. I've temporarily stored stuff here for years. Rented large and small. Stored a vehicle, furniture, household goods,,,all kinds of stuff. Friendly the way all of Scottsdale used to be. Fair prices, too. Be nice and they're nice, but be forewarned, as the previous poster noted, there's a low tolerance for foolishness.
1	You know how you hear about shady operations? THIS is one of them. The "Relief Manager" is a shady character (Lisa?) and Katherine the flunky who works as ? god knows what is a joke as well. I am warning you, this place is so far from legal you need to beware. When I first came to this joke of a place they told me they took credit cards, then come to find out my first month rent came about and they didnt take credit cards.This is how it has been, from the beginning. LIES LIES AND SHADINESS! I have finally got out of there and now they are stalking me when I hand dropped off the appropriate paper work when I was moving and after a couple months they contacted me saying they never got the paper work. I HAND DELIVERED this paper work... I then sent in the appropriate name changes to have the unit in my exes name. They say they never got that months later... haha! They call me all the time when I have asked them not to, which is against the law, please learn the law morons, since you are the business and breaking them. Please BEWARE consumers. I have never dealt with such an illegal, backdoor, shady operation in my life. It is crazy this place can stay in business.I guess its all about turnover!  When I ask who the owner is to try and resolve this the right way, so I know it gets done, Lisa( so she says her name is), said I cant give out that info.... YOU CANT GIVE THE OWNERS NAME OUT? HA!!!!!!Really??? What a joke... BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE!  I will be contacting the BBB as well as the City Township to let them know all of the shady things involved in this place. I have proof of some. I will start with this, then I will move forward from there.
