2	So I don't really see much of a point in reviewing tons of chain restaurants -- so, in general, I don't. Unless the place is either so much better -- or so much worse-- than its counterparts, that it needs to be noted. Unfortunately for this Schlotzsky's, it's the latter.I came here today for a quick lunch, because my husband had a craving for it. I'm used to this place because a) I used to work at a S.Deli in high school and b) there's one near my office, so I eat there a couple times a month. This Schlotzsky's, however, totally screwed things up. From the lack of a bathroom to the surly cashier to my sandwich -- which was, honestly, missing two of its key ingredients, the entire lunch was a disappointment. Even worse? My husbands pizza. Apparently, they ran out of pizza crusts. Because it came out on a SANDWICH BUN. A large bun, mind you, but STILL! Isn't that the sort of thing someone would warn you about when you order? "Oh, by the way, we're out of pizza crusts, so we can still make a pizza for you, but it will be on regular sourdough bread."Nope. Nothing.I'm definitely not bothering to come back here. Not when there's a Nellos and a  great falafel place so nearby.
1	If I could drop a zero-spot here, I would.This.place.is.awful.I had never been to one before now, and I absolutely will not go back.For those who enjoy three times the amount of mayonnaise as meat in a sando, this is the place for you. Assembly line sandwich at it's worst.
2	I was  very disappointed, the sandwiches was very small, it was spicy which did not indicated,  it was a chicken breast sandwich.  I wish I had gone to the pita house instead. Subway had a better chicken breast foot long and twice as big and the same price!!!
1	What is up with people who like Schlotzky's Deli? My family thinks it's good. That when you put their pizza or sandwich in your mouth, the experience is enjoyable. They are wrong. It's as far from enjoyable as I am from traditional. And even though they are wrong, it's all fine and good... except for those rare occasions when I don't have the choice about whether I am also forced to eat there, like birthdays. I don't want to throw my mom under the bus, because I can't even fathom what this says about her to the unknowing reader, but for her last b-day she wanted Schlotzsky's. I know. I know. It's just so bad. What do you like? The sandwichs? That ridiculous bread? 30,000 cucumber slices? The pizza is so banal I can't even comprehend... Everyone likes artichoke hearts but it can't just be that on a veggie pizza. You must also include flavor. But people like it! I do not get it on any level. I want to... I just don't. I actively dislike writing bad reviews.
1	it is what it is
4	My first time at this location.  I had the lunch special; small Ham and Cheese, chips and soda for $6.00.  I chose the Jalapeno cheese bread because I enjoy a bit of heat and the order was quickly prepared.  The bread, meat and cheese had been heated and that really made this sandwich tasty.  There were veggies and not too much mayo or mustard, just enough for an accent to the taste.  I really enjoyed it and noticed this place was popular with the lunch crowd...for good reason.  The help was vey informative when I hesitated choosing a sandwich, answered several questions showing they knew their item.For the great value pricing, heated sandwich, and quick preparation I go against the other Yelper's votes and recommend it for a fast lunch.  Its not gourmet by any means but it doesn't pretend to be.
1	I should probably prepare you. You are going to read a harsh review, and you might think I am crazy for even stepping foot into this business...particularly if you read my reviews.I was starving, and driving by one day, and needed a bite. I was desperate. This was my only choice because at the time, I didn't really know my way around town. I didn't have an iPhone. I had a piece of shit Blackberry.ANYWAY...The sandwiches are pricey, the bread tastes like hot, sick, ass (whatever that tastes like), and the parking at this location is more painful than a trip to the urologist when you have kidney stones.I had the Smoked Turkey Breast Sandwich (I know...appetizing after a mention of kidney stones and urologist ha), and the bread was dry, stale and should have been used for bread pudding or croutons. The tomato was mushy. The lettuce was limp. I had a horrible experience, and I sadly would not come back. Maybe it's because I'm a sandwich snob. Chains can get a sandwich right (see Capriotti's, Jimmy Johns...hell even Subway built a business on sandwiches and I hate that place). In summary, and in the famous words of Yelp....."Eek! Methinks not."
1	I went off the grid and ordered something they are possibly not known for, the chicken ceasar wrap.  I was insulted by what I got for paying I believe 6 dollars for.  When I looked inside of it, their may have been the collection of a small chicken leg as far as the portion of meat, it did not exist.  The entire thing was stuffed with iced berg lettuce.  The cost of this piece of crap may have been a dollar, a mark up up 5 dollars thanks.  I left hungry and unsatisfied, never again.  QT and grocery stores have better wraps then this place and far less cheaper.
5	Great food. The people who work here are the best. Many days you will see the owner.
1	Condescension is never, ever a good or acceptable customer service policy. Ever. Hey, Andy Dick lookin' pimply bastard - you didn't get the clue when I tossed it right back atcha there when I entered your sad, "we're just kind of hanging on and paying to keep the lights on" store, "buddy"??? Your Hispanic co-worker gal is nice. She gets 4 stars.  But people like you who cockily and irritatingly regard every person who comes in the door of your pathetic life as a Schlotsky's schmuck with nothing but mindless contempt shouldn't be anywhere near the front lines of ANY business. Jerks like you are a big reason why people stop going out to eat - you belong out back scrubbing or mopping something - only. The fact that you had to get in that last little desperate, passive-aggressively hostile and poison-to-a-healthy-customer-vendor-relationship - "buddy" sealed your doom as a one star loser.  I'm heading down the street to the newly-opened Paradise Bakery next time I'm in your obnoxious vicinity, guy. Oh, and your food is overpriced for what it is.Manager, please take note!
4	So pregnancy has had me craving Schlotzsky's Turkey Club.  Like every freakin Friday.  I had to bite the bullet a few weeks back and go over on my own because my coworker who goes with me gets off work early fridays.    I have to say, the Tattoo guy and the cashier gal have redeemed themselves and this Schlotzsky's, in my eyes.  Thankfully I havent seen the other dude.  Oh, and my custom order has not been an issue which requires problem solving.  THANK GOODNESS for the redemption!  They gain 1 star from my last review.  :)
