5	This place is new to me. They had Cochinitas on the menu and I've never had pork prepared that way. It was great in the Torta. Basic menu and good food.
4	After reading Nelson's review, I had to try this place.  It is hiding in plain sight.  I can't believe the number of times I've passed on the freeway and saw that large open shopping plaza, much of it empty, and little did I know there was a gem of a restaurant right in my line of sight.I stopped here after a "Showgirls of Las Vegas" program at the Nevada State Museum.  I was the only customer at 5:10 and remained the only customer for the hour I was there.  It's a shame.  They should have more business.I got the chips and salsa and I asked for the hot salsa.  That salsa with habanero peppers is quite good.  The mild salsa is fine, too, and I liked the small bits of avocado in the mild salsa.The woman brought me a bowl of complimentary soup. It was not the vegetable soup shown in other photos for Chicken Itza but rather a noodle soup--fideo soup.  It was very good and very hot!!  Let it cool for awhile so you don't burn your lips, tongue, throat, and anything else to which this may come in contact!For dinner, I ordered the panuchos.  Since there are three to an order, I got one, chicken, one turkey, and one pork (cochinita pibil).  All three were excellent!  The split tortilla filled with refried black beans with the tasty meat and toppings were super!! The meats were very juicy and this was a more than one napkin experience.  The meat could have been a bit hotter, but it didn't detract from the flavors.For dessert, I had arroz con leche which was not complimentary.  It is really, really, good!  It had a nice amount of cinnamon, raisins, and bananas and there seemed to be some pieces of crust as if the rice and milk were baked in a pie crust of some kind.The horchata was very good. I'm coming back to try their other Mayan (Yucatan) specialties!  It is so wonderful to live in such a diverse city with all these different foods from which to choose.
4	My husband and I read a review about Chicken Itza, and found out is was around the corner from our house, so we had to try it !! I had the panuchos, which were very tasty and my husband had the salbutes which he said they were also good. We got spoiled by the chef/owner (??) with their vegetable soup as our appitizer, then he also treated us to his mole' chicken tamale which was very yummy, then we also were treated with the Spanish version of rice pudding with cinnamon and raisins and sugar and cinnamon tortilla chips, was ultra yummy !! We were so spoiled that I bill was only what we ordered and that only came to $16. We actually went back the very next day to try the burritos (which we also loved) and we got to try the noddle (fideo ?) soup which was also great !! We are so glad it's around the corner from our house, we plan on going at least once a week :-)
5	Mmmm Chicken Itza After seeing this listed on Yelp as one of the new recommendations I couldn't wait to try it out. Chicken Itza is located off of Jones and the 95 in the same shopping center as the new CAL Ranch store. The decor was very pleasant and lively with brightly colored chairs and fun sombreros hanging from the ceiling. The waitress very helpful with her food recommendations. I couldn't help but admire the freshly made to order food. Chips and Salsa Verde: The chips that were brought to the table were hands down some of the best i have had of late. They were perfectly crunchy and very refreshing when paired with the yummy salsa verde with the fresh chunks of avocado. They were so good we almost ate the whole basket. The soup: The soup was a pleasant surprise and brought to us along with the chips. It seamed to be a broth base with lentils and strips of pork with vegetables. My boyfriend enjoyed his more than I practically scrapping the bowl. The Chicken Panuchos #1: So yummy, I was a little upset at myself for not being able to finish them but my stomach was so full after the unexpected treats. I ended up taking to of them home to finish after my food coma and they were just as great. I wish I had more. Chicken Mole Enchilada: My boyfriend devoured this in less then five minutes. You know its good when you have to sneak your fork in to steal a bite. Chicken Mole Tamale: Usually not a fan of mole, but this had to be one of the best sauces I have ever tried. The chef made this special for us and that always gets points in my book. I will be back and plan on making it to dessert next time.
5	Just found this place and my coworkers and I have officially placed it into our weekly rotation.  The owner is awesome.  He is so passionate about his food and its authenticity.  As soon as we sat down, he brought out homemade chips with 3 different kinds of salsa - including a very spicy habanero (my favorite by far).  He then brought out some kind of soup with lentils and barley, which was great.The menu is very simple, which is ALWAYS a good sign.  Food was perfect. The atmosphere is so authentic, I kept having to remind myself that I WASN'T in Cancun on vacation.
5	Dang, Cabron!What a surprise. Thought we'd eaten most of what was to be eaten on the West side, then THIS! Feels like you are in the Yucatan.Clean aftertastes. That is HUGE when it comes to Mexican food. Chicken Itza has it dialed. The Habanero salsa is perfect - not too spicy, not too 'buttery'-tasting. I poured it all over my food just like a typical salsa - a first. (And I did not regret it later in the day :)My sizzling hot plate ($6) of chicken enchiladas w/rice & beans was fantastic and generous. The special Yucatan-style pork mini-tostadas ($6) were amazing as well. Plenty of food. It only took one time to know I was going to be a regular. Friendly Yelp Tip: IF you're a freaky fan of Komex or of Taqueria La Mexicana, you will definitely want to try Chicken Itza. I won't give away the ending (but I think you may have found your new value spot.)
5	After living in Southern California, it's hard to impress me with Mexican food. I'm used to real mexican food, great street tacos, and getting it all cheap. Chicken Itza is better than any other mexican food I've had in Las Vegas because it's real.  The curb appeal of the shopping center is lacking, but my favorite foods always come from dives and holes in the wall. The chicken in the enchiladas was amazing, their green sauce made me tongue happy and their horchata was authentic. We spoke with the owner, and he is delightful. Give Chicken Itza a chance, your taste buds will thank you.
4	Great food from the Yucatan!  Care and tlc in their product.  Carlos is a character and makes you feel welcome.  The habanero salsa is a winner if you can handle it (which i do a drop at a time!).
5	What a find!  Don't be put off by the location - I-95 and Jones - next to the Cal-A-Ranch Store.  The panuchos and salbutes were fabulous.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Definitely a must try!
5	Excellent traditional Mayan cuisine! We found this place on Yelp and loved it!! We will definitely come back. The cochinita pibil enchiladas were delicious!!
