4	A nice clean new store in the north. Way up by the 215 and next door to Target. A very friendly staff very helpful. Very pleased with the store. A lot of baby gear etc at the attached Babies R Us.
4	I love this store. I'm probably here about once every two weeks if not more.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The last time, I got some diaper advice.  This time around, I got some excellent potty training advice! I love it!  They've got excellent sales if you look at the right time. The last time I was able to get an inflatable ring pool with filter for $25. You can't beat that!
4	This is my favorite Toys R Us in Vegas. It is clean and new and always staffed adequately. Their selection is amazing, especially when you're looking for a particular toy that Target and Walmart are sold out of. The parking are is well lit and clean.
5	The store was busy, and the store was not in tip top condition... However, the customer service was great. We were asked at least 6 times in different departments if we were finding everything and if we needed any assistance. We were also greeted by each staff member that passed us.It wasnt overbearing like a car dealership... It was excellent customer service, and highly unexpected. Excellent service can help picky customers overlook a lot.... Keep up the great service
5	Awesome toys r us babies r us combo store. Clean, well laid out, friendly staff, and my boys favorite weekend stop. Best of both stores in Vegas.
5	By FAR the best toys r us in Vegas. Great store, staff, and location.
3	I walked around for 5min aimlessly trying to find someone to help me...not sure if it was a shift change, or if everyone was busy away from the large toy section.I was buying a power wheels toy for Soul's birthday coming up, but they do not have it in stock...ok, no biggie...how about any other stores?  No, none in stock.Ok, so how about we just buy another one online, and have it shipped to the store for no charge?  That's what Walmart and all the other big stores do... not like they don't ship them at some point, since they have a display model up to show what's for sale.  NOPE, NO SHIP TO STORE OPTION, but WAIT, you can ship to home!  Since I was desperate, I paid about 50% of the toy's cost in shipping to get it delivered to my door.  Toys R Us holds the customer ransom if they want to purchase any large items.  I went through this EXACT same scenario when I was looking to purchase a large swing/slide set for the backyard...none in stock, no ship to store option, but they are always willing to overcharge shipping to your door.Only good thing was that I was able to use a 20% coupon towards the cost of the power wheels toy, but it's not like it offset the inflated shipping charge.Not necessarily this particular store's fault, just Toys R Us corporate in general.  As you were!
4	This store is always clean, usually empty and stocked up pretty well. Pricier though when comparing the price tags next door (target). They might not have everything but they have a little of everything. Tmnt collection is good, Lego collection is solid, nerf guns everywhere. My wife and I also did a lot of our baby registery shopping. They're easy and understandable on exchanges and returns.
4	My wife was very impressed with her experience at the Babies R Us at this location as she went to pick up the remaining items on our registry.  The staff was very helpful, and the combined service with their rewards program and registry was very convenient.
