4	I've taken my car into Top Line twice now. I first considered them because they are walking distance from my house. I continue to use them because I trust them. I'm a single self employed woman who is budget aware. I always check with a friend who loves cars to see if what a mechanic is telling me rings true. I've done this for the past 20 years, some mechanics are uncomfortable with this. The guys at Top Line Auto have helped explain the problem over the phone. So far they have replaced my transmission, this was a big job so I shopped around - they were the best deal I could find. This time I needed my rack and pinion replaced, I've put it off for about a year.  I've had three quotes ranging from 600-795 dollars. My plan was to purchase the parts myself and take them to Top Line Auto to install. Long story short they gave me such a good price I didn't have to source my own parts. Anyway I love these guys,more importantly I trust them and I'm glad they are a part of my community.They shop seems to always be busy yet when I'm talking to one of them I don't get the feeling of being rushed. The waiting area is big and comfy, big screen television, comfortable couches, air conditioning...  I will give them 5 stars once they get a popcorn machine (just kidding). Bottom line - I will keep going back!
4	Had my oil changed here twice and have had no major complaints. Customer service is a little..lacking, but it's dudes working in the heat so I'm not expecting service with a smile. It's been very affordable and I don't feel rushed or like an inconvenience when I walk in. Vending machines and TV in the waiting area, which is as big as a living room and has comphy couches and chairs.
4	Fast and friendly service! 50 alignment and they did it fast too! Chris took care of me and got me in and out!
5	Topline is the name. Definitely a TOP LINE auto repair shop. I have only been in three times so far, but they are now my go to place. Fast, inexpensive, and reliable.Thanks GuysCurtis
1	Will not refer any people their way. I trusted them to look at it when I had no options and they tried to tell me extra things needed to be fixed. Basically said the reason for one problem was a bigger problem, which was impossible. Either he didn't know anything about cars, or wasn't telling the truth. Really don't appreciate the dishonesty and makes me wonder what they tell other people.
