4	So there probably isn't anything on the menu that's less than 500 calories, and they don't publish their nutrition facts officially but trust me you don't want to know. This place has decent country style food for an average price. The menu variety isn't the greatest but the service is good and everything is nice and greasy... er... tasty.
4	Living in Wickenburg, there are not a lot of eating choices. Country Kitchen is one of the better sit down places with a tasty menu, good service and clean, open areas. Although they have been raising their prices of late, it is still a reasonable place to eat.
2	I think this is the most expensive in Wickenburg for breakfast.  2 people normal meal; eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast $25.  Go to Cowboy Cafe - service is slow as molasses but same food for $15.
1	Food was bland.  Service was slow.  Screwed up my bill - chased me down in the parking lot to get me to come back to pay more.
2	Staff was real friendly, but the food was just ok.
3	If you're just passing through and need a quick meal, and if you don't want McDonalds, this may be your best choice.Country Kitchen is a true family business, much like a Denny's but with a little individuality.  The menu is extensive but focuses on traditional diner fare - burgers, sandwiches, etc. -- plus a few country items like chicken fried steak.  It is clean and comfortable, and the service is friendly and quick.The food, however, is mostly fair.  For example, the chicken fried steak was okay but the gravy was a thick white paste.  The highlight was the calico bean soup which is different and quite tasty.  They do bake fresh pies and other desserts but they didn't look that great either.  You won't go away discouraged but you'll still be looking for somewhere else next time through town.
2	For some reason, one always has to wait to get a table here.  I don't know if they don't have enough staff or if they have just decided to use only half the restaurant.  With all the team ropers and tourists, I would think this place could do a steady busy, and much of it seasonal regulars.  Instead, there are never a lot of people eating there.  This could be a unique alternative to McDonald's and Denny's.  Whoever owns this place is seeing money slip across the street.
5	Always good food whenever I go there people are friendly especially kera and chealsea
