3	I went to a happy hour at The Deuce Lounge last night.  The atmosphere is fun - open air, and it is where the high limit tables are at Aria.  For $10 to charity, I received a free skyy vodka drink (had it with ginger ale), and we had some appetizers.  They served Yellowtail Crunch (yellowtail cut up with cilantro and red chile on a cracker), Smoked Salmon with frisee salad and crostini (the salmon was thinner than paper), Tuna tartare with condiments and bread triangles, and beef carpaccio flatbread.  Considering how expensive this place is, I was thrilled to have these for my charitable donation.  I considered ordering another drink, but learned they were $18 each ($10 per beer) and refrained.The one problem is that this private event was shared with an open space.  While that is normally okay, and my group has happy hours monthly at various lounges, restaurants, clubs and bars in town and on the strip, the manager(?) came by and told us guests that he was doing us a favor by giving us some free reserved tables and couches since this was "last minute" (we were supposed to be at Gold Lounge but I am not sure why there was a location change).  It made me feel unimportant.  I ended up watching NCAA Basketball on the big screens and leaving.Since I think I tried more than half their limited menu, and it is pricey and pretentious, I do not think I will be back.  Also note that the food comes from somewhere else and has to be brought in from mystery kitchen.  The bartenders were nice though!
3	After several drinks @ dinner, and some pre-game action in the telly, it was about time to hit up the lounges/clubs. With Aria being new and all, me and several friends decide to stumble in, in hopes to find another alcohol oasis.Service:Service was great, but honestly, I highly doubt there is any trace of below average customer service in vegas. So great service in vegas is a given. They are paid to suck up and serve. Personally, I am extremely appreciative of it, since I was a retail service bitch back in high school days. However, with places like this, they assume that you want the highest o end products, ie. Evian Water, when we just asked for water (LV TAP Please.)... It was nice that they thought so highly of us, or not, but we felt completely shafted afterward. -_-Drinks:Grey Goose Tonic please! Generous on the goose and light on the tonic, the way I like it. For about 13+ dollars for the drink... I better have gotten at least 2 or 3 shots of vodka in my drink. It sure tasted like it. :DGreat way to start the am's, before you start hitting the clubs. They also have a selection of their signature drinks which are really tasty!Digs:Very dimly lit, comfy leather sofas, and chairs. There are a couple of very empty gambling tables on the far end of the casino, a dj through a window the size of a rat hole,  and a fairly sized bar. This lounge can get crowded quick, but has a lot of group seating areas. The atmosphere gets pretty like a club sans the dance floor, but you can always rely on the waitresses to sucker you into 5+ dollar waters. I had a good experience @ deuces and would recommend it to those who are trying to explore new territories. A bit pricey for my taste, but if you have the cash to blow then more power to you!
5	We stayed at the Aria for my birthday after a tragic death in the family and were having a less than enjoyable experience. However one night after rudely being denied access to Gold Lounge because my step dads Sketchers dress shoes had laces, we went to The Deuce. The door guy - SUPER NICE (we threw him a $100 spot). The bartenders were very nice, social and made GREAT drinks! Absolutely made the Aria experience much better than it had been for us so far. THANK YOU, you made me forget about the bad stuff, if even just for that one night. Keep up the good work.
2	This place quickly got the nick name "the douche lounge" since it was full of douche-bags, on both sides of the bar. The drinks were good but overpriced and the bartenders could use an attitude adjustment. Plenty of hot girls, and guys with fake suntans.
4	i had a great time here, not because the venue was all that but because we started partying it up with another bachelorette party...no cover... pretty small but chill place... and you can kinda hear ppl because they arent blasting the music like crazy....lotta booze and legs flying... good times
4	Very happy we stumbled upon the overly tan dude in the lobby of the Aria who led us here on Saturday night. We started off at Caramel, which was OK, but we wanted more, so attempted The Bank. Fail. Though we were a hot bunch of tourists, we didn't feel like putting our boobs on display and pretending to be slutty on the off chance the douchey "bouncer" guys would pick us for their club.....and also let the guys with us in. Not what we were going for....So we explored and stumbled upon a guy who brought us to The Deuce. This place was awesome for a few reasons:1. It's called The Deuce, and though we're "mature adults," it still made us giggle a few drinks in.2. There are giant pictures of Christopher Walken outside the club.3. The waitresses are HOT and very nice.4. The drinks are strong.The guy that brought us here gave us a table, so that was nice. We could dance, and also hear each other talking. Our cocktail waitress was really attentive, too, and kept the drinks coming. We definitely had a good time and I'd go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Nice lounge in the casino area of Aria.  Limited menu, premium drinks, and blackjack tables with beautiful young dealers.  My friend sat down and won about $2K in an hour, obviously the exception, since the house always wins.  Overpriced but it's Vegas so expect it.  The waitress had a stick up her ass, grumpy at best, but the environment itself was nice.  Have a drink or two and leave.
5	Great place to get drinks and hang w/o dealing with the clubby schtick. Great vibe, good bartenders, excellent playlist by the dj. Can do table service and there are 5-6 blackjack tables as well. Overall a great place.
4	we were lured in here after a guy handed me five 2-for-1 coupons as we were walking out of haze, and met up with some really chill guy who let all 9 of us sit at his booth/table while we were there.  The place has no cover (which is a damn good thing, rarity to find in vegas especially) and the music is pretty good as well.  they also had six black jack tables (minimum was 25, max was 10k).  the waitress tried to convince us to get discounted bottle service since we had five 2-for-1coupons (which we all believed to be a trap), but didn't give us an attitude after we turned the offer down.the place seems to be fairly small, but definitely had the party started inside and out (there was a group of people right outside of the lounge breaking it down and cheering others that walked by and broke it down on like it was soul train)you should check this place out. for the hour or so that I was there, it seemed like a great place for people who don't really dance (there's not real dance floor here) and for others who like popping and dancing in their seats.  haha, even on of the waiters was breaking it down last saturday
3	We ended up at The Deuce Lounge one night because the music was good and it was pretty lively. There was no cover and it was a breeze getting in. I didn't realize there were black jack tables inside the lounge. A lot of the tables said "reserved" but when we asked one of the bus boys they said go ahead and sit. A waitress came over to take our orders, but my friend already bought the first round at the bar. Apparently Maker's Mark on the rocks = $2 for ice. Drinks were roughly ~$15/drink so just like any other Vegas lounge/club. The staff was pretty attentive and nice. Too bad the flaming Dr. Pepper wasn't a shot and a martini. That is definitely not a drink you want to sip...151, Jaeger and rum?! Ouch! Not sure I'll be coming back here although the music was pretty good all night. I'm not sure if the live DJ is there every night, but he was there on a Thursday night.
4	I want to give this place 3.5 stars but I'll round up this time. Drinks are REALLY expensive. Everyone gets handed 2 for 1 drink coupons but they only work on single alcohol beverages so you'll end up paying $13-$18 for regular club drinks. I round up because: 1)REALLY GOOD DJ2)Chill Lounge to just sit and drink3)Bartenders are niceA lot of people go into the lounge and end up leaving because they realize its expensive and there's no dancefloor.. but I was happy to just sit at the bar.
4	What separates this bar from the rest is the man behind the bar. GILBERT.And more specifically how he can mix a nengroni.True professional.Not many bartenders can make one without either asking me how to, or looking it up in the book. Not only did Gilbert enthusiastically prepare the best negroni i've ever had, prior to mixing he asked me if i wanted American or Italian Style? Say what? I've been ordering these drinks for at least 3 years and thats the first time i got asked that. Quick tip for you guys - American = on the rocks.Italian = no ice, stirred.That wasn't the end of it, but i dont want to ruin the surprise for you. So just order one, and enjoy the magic.Well worth the price.
5	A group of us stayed at Aria over this past weekend for a bachelor's party.  Being fans of UFC, we all came here to watch UFC121 on their nice big HD screens.  Got a great table reserved for $100 minimum tab per person ($150 regular).Couches were comfy, the food+drinks were excellent.  The waitresses here are flat out gorgeous.  Stunning.Yes, it's a bit pricey for food+drinks, but we had the minimum to fill anyway.  Not sure if it's a standard practice, but we got away with paying $650 (including tip)... we all thought that it would be $600 minimum (there were six of us) plus tip.  Subtotal was below $600.Great times!  Highly recommended.
1	The bad:-Nobody at the door to greet or seat us.-The waitress sat down at our table and read the specialty drinks to us off the menu.-The host had to hold a flashlight for the waitress while she was reading the menu to us, as the lights were so low she couldn't see it. Seriously. A flashlight.-2-for-1 drink coupon was not good on specialty drinks.-The waitress did not tell us our coupon wasn't good on specialty drinks until after delivering the drinks.-No restrictions are listed on the 2-for-1 coupon.-When I pointed all this out to the waitress, she just said "Oh."-No effort was made to turn this into a better experience.-$50 for 2 cocktails is way too expensive!!!The good:-Ummmmm.......-Hmmmmm......-I can't think of anything. My friend's drink was good. Mine was mediocre.The bottom line:I'm never going back here again. I feel ripped off, and no effort was made by the waitress or anyone else to try to save the situation.  I'm going to tell everyone I know how bad the service was that I received here.
3	Great service, delicious drinks, but for this price, I expect that. Went the eve before my birthday after finding out Gold Lounge was closed. Specialty cocktails were yummy. The best was the lemon/raspberry sorbet martini...tangy, sweet and fruity. The tart cherry was nice, too, cherry vodka on the rocks. My last drink was the carrot cake and my glass was rimmed in cream cheese icing! It was awesome. But $20 per drink? Excessive.
3	Two for one drink specials were good (handed out on cards near the bar) - esp given the steep prices. I would not recommend this place otherwise. The place was dark and sort of classy. Some of the special drinks were appealing-looking. No good tap beers, but oh well.
3	I thought the Deuce Lounge was  really nice inside - just like any other high end Las Vegas joint. It is much bigger than the Gold Lounge on the second level.The ladies who work here are very attentive but again, like Gold Lounge, this place is not a club. There's really no one dancing...most people just lounging/sitting around with drinks in hand.The drinks are okay. Typical mixed cocktails - nothing out of the ordinary.
4	Had a great time here on 3/19/11!!  Met the nicest people.  Love that you can gamble in the lounge.
5	Stopped in for a drink to check out what this lounge was about. We had great service, no make that exceptional service. The raspberry lime sorbet cocktail was awesome. Intended to have one but stayed for two. Now I must warn everyone, this place is very expensive. These drinks were $18 each. If you are looking for value this is not the place to party. If you want to stop by for a drink while on a first date to impress then you should give this place a shot.
4	Cool bar/lounge combo in the Aria to hang and pre-game. Pretty classy place, definitely classier than the Haze nightclub they got. You can chill at the comfortable lounge tables or play some blackjack at the tables inside the lounge. This place is dimly lit so it has great ambiance but its hard to see the cards you are dealt. The odds are already against you but then you go to deal with alcohol inhibition and lack of vision and hence I lost a couple bills in 10 minutes. Great selection of alcohol, the shelves are endless here. Also, very good hostesses.
4	I spent 6 nights at the Aria hotel this week and ended up at The Deuce Lounge on Friday night.  As the name says, "it is a lounge", so there was not technically a dance floor, but they do have a DJ spinning beats. The ladies and I had a few cocktails (horrible - abrupt waitress) to get in the mood and then the dancing began, yes we made the dance floor (or lack there of) come to life. The highlight of the night was that we ended up getting paid (2 rounds of tequila shots provided to us free of charge from the lounge manager) to dance! If you find yourself @ Aria be sure to make a trip to The Deuce Lounge!
2	Yikes!Randomly came here to meet few friends in town. Ordered 2 bottled waters, 3 whiskey drinks, and an order of their spicy tuna tartare. And spent almost $80.To be honest, I wasn't shocked by the amount I spent because "it's Vegas...it's to be expected."What I didn't expect was for my spicy tuna to be THREE pieces of cracker and spicy tuna on it. I mean, my description doesn't do it's "fanciness" any justice but, THREE PIECES???? U HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! AND IT WAS $24. I could've gotten a roll of specialty tuna for that amount some place else.
1	I recently visited The Deuce Lounge at Aria and I did not have a pleasant experience with the bartender.  I stayed at Aria for the weekend and all the employees are nice and helpful; however, when I went into the Deuce Lounge, the bartender who helped was rude in his respect. We ordered our Carrot Cake martinis, and we wanted to each pay our own bill, so he gave us a number of 22 each, but the drink itself was suppose to be 18 dollars.  Some paid with credit card and some paid with cash. I gave him 25 cash, and I was waiting for my change.  At the same time, I looked at my friend's bill who used her credit card, there was an "automatic" gratuity charge of $3.00 dollars added to the bill!!!  I don't know there was this charge when we had a party of 3. Okay, maybe there is, so as I was waiting for my $3 dollar change, I did not get anything for 3 minutes, so I asked the bartender, and he was like, I am getting it..... And he came back right away, and tossed it on the table like he was pissed... I was unhappy with this service, because that was just wrong to try and keep the change when I did not voluntarily give it to him. In addition the added $3 gratuity!!! This was a very unpleasant visit in the Deuce Lounge and I expected a more laid back professional experience inside the Aria.
1	They are rude... Poor service
3	Went to pre-drink here before we headed to the Wynn.  It was a Saturday night and were were able to grab a few seats at center table.  The place is dark, the DJ was pretty good, and our cocktail server was really nice and super fast.  One of the guys we were sitting by gave us a B1G1 card/coupon so that was a nice little deal.  I ordered one of their specialty cocktails:  Raspberry Lemon Sherbet WITH a Vanilla Foam.  It was super sweet but super YUM!  There's some tables if you want to play too.  Pretty decent bar to hang before heading to the "fancy" clubs.
3	Decent lounge, good music, fun crowd.
5	Very classy place to have a drink at before a night out on the town. Loved it!
2	Small crowd but they turned off large TVs that were on earlier in evening. Service was pretty crappy though around midnight, someone said there was only one waitress on duty. Probably will head for somewhere else next time.
1	I used my credit card at this lounge last Monday watching MNF, it was the only place in Vegas I used that card.  It was cloned by some staff member and used to purchase crap a nearby supermarkets.  I sat at the bar and ordered from the bartenders.  Definitely something going on there.  Based on my conversation with Citibank, the card was cloned since it was present and swiped at other places the following morning or late that night, despite me getting the card back.Otherwise the place is nice, I'd give it a 4/5 since it's got a nice feel and they do a good job with MNF.  However, having your credit card stolen by staff and spending hours to deal with cleaning that up leave me no choice but to give it a 1-star rating.
3	This is one of the small bars in the Aria Hotel.It's cute... seriously dark as hell in there. There are like 3 tables inside where you can gamble. I think they had a poker and roulette table in there. Full bar.. the night we went it was 2-for-1 drinks and we totally took advantage. Drinks are pricey.. but they are very generous with their liquior. Music: Techno/Trance some top 40.
3	We were given a 2 for 1 and had an hour to kill.Sat at the bar. The scantily clad bar tender did make a pretty tasty martini but that is where the fun stopped. The bar tender didn't come back very often and we had to grab her attention multiple times. The place wasn't busy at all either. Maybe a group of people would be more fun to be in this place.
1	I came here for Sunday football starting at 10:00am.  They said it was a $25 minimum spend to hang out at the couches and watch their big 80" tv, which I happily agreed to.I was hungover, so I wanted to start off with tap water.  They didn't serve that.  So instead I bought a $7 fiji water (8oz).  Splendid!So I think to myself, ok, the food must be good here then since it's so "CLASSY!".  I was wrong.  The food here stinks as well.  Buffalo wings, chicken fingers, nachos, typical bar food you would get at some hole in the wall dump, not characteristic of this "classy lounge" that they sell it as.  Worst food I ever had, especially if you're paying $12 for 4 chicken fingers that came out of a frozen food section at Vons.This place was packed by 11am with all the seats, couches taken.  They had 1 server and busser for the entire place.  What a disasterAlso on the menu, was $500 bottles of grey goose/johnnie black....if you have a lot of money to blow.  I'd rather spend $500 getting bottles at a club, not a lounge like thisOverall, this place tries to sell itself as a high end classy lounge.  The only thing you really get is high end prices, subpar service, and terrible food.
1	Drinks are overpriced & the server was kinda boojie (stuck up). Not impressed..will not be back.
3	This is the old faithful at Aria. It's always got an open seat for me to rest my legs.Prices are a tad high, and service perhaps a tad slow but for resting that's not bad.
3	I must say that this establishment is certainly decorated as a man's lounge. But there were even numbers of men to women equally enjoying their drinks. Cigars, crystal tumblers in which Scotch, Whiskey, or Bourbon is poured into, and pretty dealers with short skirts and cleavage are eye candy to ease the pain of taking the player's losing bets. It's very dark and smokey. Huge plasma screens hung to the wall showing sports, while a couple on another leather couch in front of us were making out and groping each other. Kind of inappropriate really. No one told them to literally "get a room" or go back to theirs. All in all, it's a nice spot in the Aria Hotel to sit and chill after a night on the town.. Don't forget to grab some matches from the bar!
3	2 for 1 you call it when it should have been well. Always a plus.under- attentive bar tender when only 3 people in the joint.Drinks were tasty though and knowing is half the battle.
4	The Deuce is a great little bar/lounge in the middle of the casino floor.  I stopped here for a quick drink with my husband.  They have a few signature cocktails that are a bit pricey but we went ahead and gave it a shot.  We ended up both having the Raspberry Sorbet Martini which was excellent, a good amount of alcohol and great raspberry flavor with a huge covering of fresh whipped cream on top.  It is dimly lit with comfy couches, a large table for a big party, and a few black jack tables that no one was really playing at.  The ambiance is great.  The music wasn't too loud or annoying.  I imagine we will come back here for a drink or 2 with a group of friends to hang out before moving on to see where the night takes us.
3	Great atmosphere.  You can dance or you can just hang out.  Plenty of people having fun, but not to the point where it is impossible to move around the place.  I would go again.
3	The Deuce Lounge is a great late night hangout spot in Aria, perfect if you're looking for some place that is a bit more upscale than a casino bar, but not quite as crazy as an ultra lounge or club. Having said that, drinks here are not cheap, so expect to pay near club prices.  Later at night this place calms down a bit and you can usually find an open table to sit at; its a great place to end a night.
1	20 minutes to pour 2 glasses of wine? It was not that busy, some guy said that a waitress could be right over-what a lie! Then it was another 20 minutes for them to bring the check! Not a very good first impression... This was Sunday July 8, 2012 around 10 pm.
2	Do not consider this a dance club. This is most definitely a lounge. Bottle service was nice. The whole atmosphere is very chill. If you are looking for that, then definitely go here, but the yelp category of dance club...no. I felt like if I was a man with a cigar I would have fit right on in!
2	When there yesterday afternoon.  Cocktail waitress pretty but unfriendly. You must tip well to get a smile from staff.
3	Came on a Thursday night, after midnight, so technically friday. haha. free cover.- No VCard needed. There must be a cover for Friday nights then.- Friendly bouncers. Guy hooked it up with a 2 for 1 cocktail pass.- 15 cocktail. haha. expected. taste teaaaa..- $50 to $100 blackjack. wow. ballers. nice chest black jack dealers. huge melon ballers.- nice place to sip a drink, listen to music, and chat for 15mins. then bounce.- no dancing. everyone will stare!- girls in bikinis!
2	So, Aria is a beautiful hotel with a great location, and is one of the newest hotels on the strip.  The Deuce Lounge is, accordingly, a beautiful and trendy looking venue that has no line to get in. It is a bar not a dance club.The problem with this place is the crowd. Not to be mean, but it just wasn't an attractive crowd, and you could tell it was the people who couldn't get in anywhere else that came here (alas, we came here after we were too late for our reservations at Marquee). It is unfortunate, because the place has a lot of potential.There are people handing out 2 for 1 drinks cards all over the Aria lobby, which should have been my first sign that something was wrong... never good when a Vegas club (or bar) is begging people to go there.Try something else.. it's Vegas after all.
5	The Deuce lounge has the best looking staff in town!! It is always a good time when I hang out there, especially during football when they turn it into a cool sports lounge.
5	Always a great time at Deuce on Thursday nights! Busy on Friday and Saturday nights too with a live DJ. The service is great, and it's a perfect spot if you don't like the crowdedness of a club but still want to hear great music and have a good time. Very excited to watch football there this season and UFC & boxing fights! Offers a small food menu with great wings and burgers, etc., and they have some unique specialty cocktails.
3	cool vibe, nice little getaway
3	We chilled here on a Friday night with friends.  The atmosphere is lively.  Live DJs to pump up the crowd.  Live Artist to paint a huge portrait of anything and anyone,, that night happens to be some Greek hero warrior and a lovely face of a French actress.  (check out my photo).We were mingling, taking pictures, tapping to the music, and some were gambling.  Not a bad place to get the night started.  And then we're off to our next destination. Drinks were strong and staff were lovely!!
4	We really ended up here, because it was the only place that was open on an awkwardly late sunday night. The waitress was very friendly, and really wanted us to get the best drinks possible.  I had the carrot cake cocktail, with cream cheese frosting and all.  It was good, different good, everyone else loved, while i just liked it.  Me being me, thought it was a little pricey at $18 a drink, but hey, YOLO. I would want to come back to also try the food, just during a little bit earlier in the day.
1	Located in Aria on The Las Vegas Strip. Ok so here we have yet another dimly lit place with blaring music (yet no dancing,(I still don't get this) and over priced drinks. I had had to keep checking my GPS to make sure that I wasn't in Los Angeles, sadly I was in Las Vegas. If I want loud music I will go to a club that has dancing. If I want self-aggrandizement and pretension I will go to Los Angeles. Bring back the Las Vegas of old! But perhaps this is your thing if so. Stop in and have a drink. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I met up with some friends on a Saturday night. This is what you'd call a "pre-game" spot.  A little more lively than a bar, but not a nightclub atmosphere.  It never got overly crowded, and while the DJ (DJ Shadow Red was spinning that night) was fantastic, only a few people danced here and there.  The lounge itself is dark and comfortable.However- the prices for their "specialty drinks" were pretty outrageous. $18?!! I don't think I've paid more than $15-$16, TOPS, and I've been to most of the lounges in town.  The bartender said they were out of the ingredients for one of them at 10:45 (um... okay). While I enjoyed the drink I received, the price definitely soured me a bit. The non-specialty drinks were more reasonably priced, however.  The cocktail servers, while great eye-candy, were few and far between, and didn't check on our table very often. All in all, it was a fine experience, the music was good, there was no cover, and it was nice to be in a lounge setting for a change. I'll just make sure not to order their fancy drinks again!
3	The Deuce Lounge is a cool chill spot to have drinks and listen to the DJ play some good music. Outside in the casino area you can get 2x1 drink tickets which makes the drinks more afforable for Vegas standards. The bartenders are very good and make escellent drinks. The service is very good and friendly. This place is a good spot to have a few drinks before you really get your party on.
5	(I was here couple months back, just got around to write the review)Two for one drinks....Yum, but the PRICES!!! Really steep. Not very crowded, not at all like most places on the strip, good place to start your night off with a few drinks but again the prices is thing that makes me wanna buy a couple of beers at Walgreen's  first then go in....
3	Dark-ish lounge in a problematic, low-visibility location in the Aria.Pluses: Aria staff hands out 2-for-1 Deuce drink coupons in the lobby.Minuses: The inked bartender with the push-up bra working double-overtime (the bra, not the bartender) could not have seemed less enthusiastic about satisfying that 2-for-1.Get the coupon, get a few drinks to start your night.
2	The Good: 2-for-1 drink coupons and decent music The Bad: Pretentious crowd and less than pleasant bartenders. Good place to start your night for a free drink but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
4	i've walked past the Deuce many times but have never gone inside until recently.  The space looks small from the outside on the casino floor, but has a very wide open layout with high ceilings once inside.  The place started to get hopping just after midnight as they do have a live DJ on site.I feel the interior matches well with ARIA but is still hip and fresh.  They do offer a few table games although the limit of $50 was a little to rich for my blood (only a handful of people were playing).I don't do lounges on the strip a lot, but I could see coming to Deuce again, especially since it's very close to the self-parking garage!
1	Overpriced, miserable excues for a bar. 2 bud lights and 2 waters =$30.00.
4	The Lounge was very nice, we were here for March Madness and they had giant projection TVs with the games on. Drinks were about avg price for bars in Vegas, Food was a little pricey but good. Next time I am in Vegas I do plan on stopping by here. Very clean, nice and luxurious
3	The deuce. Pricey ass drinks as per usual.
2	Lot's of coupons for free drinks, a bouncer who gave us VIP for free, and some decent music.Too bad the crowd was typical skeezy vegas local and under dressed tourist. It has potential, but not with the crowd that was here. Enforce a dress code or something !!
4	After dining at STK this was a perfect spot for after dinner drinks.  Before we entered there was a gentleman handing out drink tickets.  If memory serves it was for a two for one special but that only covered well drinks.  The lounge is large with intimate seating and on the dark side as far as lighting goes.   The music was not too loud that our group was not able to converse comfortably.  The waitress was attentive.  And the bathroom was in the lounge which I appreciated because quite a few lounges and restaurants on the strip you have to leave the venue to use.  The drinks are pricey!  $18 for my Carrot Cake martini but it was so good I had three of them!   I mean you can't go wrong with a drink rimmed with butter cream frosting!
2	The only reasons we came here were because of three things: - 2 for 18 drink coupons - Location - Watch the Niners vs. Saints gameNow that I reflect on it, I should have watched the game from our room instead. Crowd is a mixture of tourist and locals. Although the locals were a bunch of douchy-lookin' guys who looked like rejects from Jersey Shore. Hair gels, pouty lips, plucked eye brows and steroids were definitely a prerequisite to "hangout" here. I guess I didn't fit the mold. The servers were definitely eye-candies, but not much else going on there. You got a bunch of old men ogling at them who fit the profiles of pedophiles featured on Dateline with Chris Hansen's "To Catch A Predator" series. They were sweet and nice, but ain't the sharpest tools in the shade. Service is also very s-l-o-w.Wifey and I ordered two beers (No Guinness...Sacrilege!!!) and opted for a couple of Stella's instead. They took my coupon and charged me 18 dollars for the two beers. What?I ain't that cheap a bastard (only when it comes to certain things) but charge me $9 for a beer? Cocktail I understand, but a Stella? C'mon... They also lack a variety of good beer. Surely you can afford to have better beer options that I can get from a local liquor store. Some local micro brews is a start. I ended up ordering two more to wash down the pizza that we ordered. The pizza that was badly burnt that I could taste charcoal on the crust. If I wasn't so preoccupied watching (more like fuming) at the Niners vs. Saints game, I would have returned the pizza and ordered another one. Oh yeah, the beers came first and waited for the pizza for over half an hour before it got to our counter. And no....I'm not rating this place 2 stars because my Niners lost, it's because of service, quality and expectations - all were lacking and needed polishing. A lot of polishing given Vegas' high standards and there are plenty of other lounges that deliver the goods. The one highlight of the night was to see Rashad Evans walk in with his bodyguard and girlfriend. But with the amount of money one could overspend here, I would expect the caliber to be on par. It should be renamed Douche Lounge.
2	When a place starts handing out coupons in a casino, that is actually situated in the casino itself, it is a bad sign.  At first I thought that they were handing out Escort or Strippers-to-your-room cards, but it turned out to be 2 for 1 drink specials.  I should've known.  Hispanics hand out the escort cards on the strip and white guys in suits hand out the drink coupons - a kind of socioeconomic stratification, Vegas style.  The Lounge is tucked away in an awkward location of the casino, so it is not really good for people watching.  The only people that walked by were really people who were kinda lost in the Casino.  It felt like we were in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle.  The lounge tries to create a casual, hip vibe that is in between a club and a bar - bass thumping music, but no dance floor.  I had  a red bull and vodka which came out to $18...WTF! For that price I expect to see scantily clad go-go dancers on an elevated platform, or at least a bubble machine.  But nope, not even a hint of black light.  It seemed like a place where older people go to look like they are cool and younger. The table next to us were probably in their late 60's and looked miserable.  Probably because it was 1000 pm which was about 2 hrs past their bedtime.What a depressing place.
5	Great place to stop after a great meal at aria, or perfect place to just have a few drinks with friends. Enjoyed an antioxidant or two, relaxed and just enjoyed the company... Never felt rushed or pressured to order another drink. Glass was never empty until I was finished for the evening. Will be going back in the future.
5	Had a fun Friday night at Deuce Lounge a few months ago and thought it was a great casino lounge.  Natalie was our server and she was fantastic, both with the promptness of service for our table and with a variety of drink recommendations.   At least on that night, the crowd and energy of the place were perfect.  The blackjack table minimums were $100 / hand that night.  Will definitely go back the next time I am in the Aria casino.
5	Best place to watch sporting events, attentive and friendly staff, and the truffle pizza is so damn good.
2	Went with friends to grab a few drinks and the place was dead, and for being 9pm i was a bit shocked.  The waitress never came around and most of us sad with an empty glass so we decided to just move on to another place!
1	Let's hype it up and then not show up.Why exist when you only have six people show up on a Saturday night in the summer?
1	What a joke.  Asked for a glass of water along with a drink.  Bartender brought out a bottle of water.  I politely asked for just a glass of water.  She rudely said they only serve bottled water and they don't have a way of giving me water.   With the bar gun right in front of her, and a stack of glasses I again asked if she could put some water in a cup.   She rudely refused.   I handed the drink back to her and told her without the water, I can't drink anymore so she could have it back.   At that point we exchanged "eat shit and die" looks and I told the group of friends I was with how pissed I was.  With a million bars in Vegas that value customers,  we all left.   The atmosphere was boring anyway.
1	Deuce, tell your waitresses if they won't acknowledge your female patrons then your female patrons won't return.  We arrived to a semi-empty lounge at 1am and seated ourselves in the middle of the lounge.  We waited and waited...20 minutes passed with zero services from the waitresses who were all over the other predominantly male tables.  We decided to leave rather than beg for service.  No thanks.  Never again.
4	Hip hop music on this long weekend, Saturday night.  Finally!!!  This is not a club, it's a lounge.  Don't come expecting a huge dance floor or anything like that.  Dark lighting with table seating.  No cover.
5	The atmosphere in Deuce is awesome. It's just so comfortable. And I'm not sure what it is about this place, but it seems to attract females over males at a 2:1 clip. Each of the three times I've been there I've had a fantastic time.
