4	It's nice to find a mom & pop sub place intown that has great quality sandwiches for a good price... the staff was very friendly, place was clean and the food was great.  I'll be back next time that I'm in the area.
5	my favorite place for a sub sandwich.  Like other reviewers said, nothing fancy here, just a good sandwich on good bread.  Call me crazy, but I think its the shredded lettuce that makes them so darn good!  Faves:  BLT, a very generous serving of bacon that's actually crispy.  Don't skip the mayo, its worth every calorie to make it the very best.Poor Boy:  Was my fave until I tried the BLT.  Nothing fancy, just delicious, with a generous serving of meat.Kids Fave: Pizza Boat.  Other: PEPSI products! Yeah! Well, I don't care, but since my husband's blood is most likely 90% Diet Pepsi by now, its a plus..Always appears clean, food always delicious, service always friendly.  We eat here somewhere near once a month, have been to a "competitor" (really, its silly to call that place Jared likes to eat a competitor, because they really aren't the same kinds of businesses at all) once in the last year, and remembered after one bite why we always choose Steve's for a sandwich.
4	Great subs, exceptional value, am now a customer for life!Food: Very good.  Ingredients are fresh, bread is really good, great selection of chips and drinks, and cheap ice cream cones too!Atmosphere: Clean and welcoming.  Kids working the counter, seniors eating ice cream cones.  I like it.Price/Value: Excellent - I bought sandwiches, chips and drinks for myself, wife and two kids all for fifteen bucks.  In today's economy that is exceptional for the food you get!Special Note: This is a local business run by a local family.  They get my money from now on when our family is hungry for subs.
4	Love this sub shop. It is fresh, cheap and always provides great customer service. I'm a big fan of the veggie sub in the lunch special. I will go here over a Subway or Quiznos any day...except for Sundays when they are closed (my only complaint.)
3	Wow, based on the other reviews, people seem to really like this place.  I thought it was OK.  I got the all meat sub which had a generous portion of meat, but all of the condiments on the sandwich made it really wet and a bit of a mess to eat.  It was a pretty good deal - I think it was $7 for the sandwich, chips and a soda - but given the choice between a Subway and this place, it would really be a toss up.
4	We were watching the travel channel and they had a show on sandwiches so we needed a fix and this place fixed us up real nice. We got a pastrami and provolone, a club and a super sub and they were all delicious. The pickles hit the spot. Will definetly go back
5	Best subs ever.
5	Since Steve's, ill never eat subway again. Great food. Awesome staff. Cool owner. You can't get any better.
4	Really good sub for the price especially if you like juicy subs. Service is usually friendly and fast.
5	since moving so far away from the one on country club, I end up going here a lot. same great food and prepared in the same manner. the kids love it especially the root beer ice cream. Po boys all the way...
5	Great subs! Very fresh ingredients and fast service!
1	If you like soggy tastless food, this is the place to go. Its horrible, dont waste your money
1	My child was starving after a dentist visit, so we waited the requisite 30 minutes,   and then off we were to Steve's Krazy Subs. We had never been here before and thought it would be a good idea to try this instead of the big chains.In every city I have lived, there is always that one place were the service is awful, yet the food is so good, you are happy to put up with crappy service, well turn around and keep looking because this is not that place.When I was ready to order, I looked at the teenage boy and said Hi! He glared. I placed my order. He told me the total and I handed him my credit card. He ran it and gave me a receipt, so I asked if he needed my signature since this was a credit transaction. He said no and stuffed the receipt in the register and slammed it shut. The only friendly person there was the girl who handed me our food. I don't know if this kid was having a bad day or what was going on for him to be so rude to us, but I do know I am not coming back.
5	Ahh Steve's! It doesn't get much better than this as far as a good ole sandwich goes. Potbelly, you can take your fancy $12 sandwich and go rob someone else blind! Subway, you can take your bland processed everything and bore someone else to death! Jimmy johns, you can take your weird sounding guy on your commercials and be freaky fast on someone else! I love Steve's! Great bread, great selection and it is as cheap as it comes. I always get to poorboy and love it every time. My wife loves the turkey and provolone and the kids love the pizza boat. Good stuff!
5	I've Been here a bunch of times and the sandwiches are always awesome. The bread is yummy and the service is good too! They are closed on Sunday's but it's a good sub shop.
1	Poor customer service. Staff looks at you like your an alien. Takes forever to get 1 sandwich made. Taste good but not worth the poor service and long wait. Been there several times because it's convenient. Avoid if possible. Where's an adult? Every employee looks to be 18 with poor social skills.
