2	Way too crowded, lack of seating, tight quarters.  There are much better options on the strip for a good sports bar
3	The sports book at the Aria has  great TV's to watch any sporting event. Placing bets are easy and fast. The only negaive is that the seating is limted. Since the area is on the smaller side there are not many seats so arrive early if you want to kick back and enjoy the games.
3	Good lord, this place is awful for watching the sports you've bet on. The setup is terrible and they have really bad screens for displaying the lines and the results. With that said, I do like going to here to place bets because they are fast, efficient and knowledgeable, and because they generally have a deeper selection on MMA bets than other casinos. The staff is really nice and they let you pick up your winnings at the casino cage if it's after hours and the sports book is closed. Place your bets here but go watch your game someplace else.
5	I belong to a wonderful man who loves his football.  God bless him and the rest of American sports.  It's become an annual tradition that every weekend the Trojans play (because all I am is a college football fan) that we go to Vegas so my wonderful man who loves his football can do a few days of sports betting.  Saturdays are dedicated to college football and Sundays are dedicated to the NFL.  If it were possible, I'd allow an affair between the NFL and my wonderful man who loves his football.  Since I'm voyeuristic in all respects, all I ask is he provide me a comfy seat to sit in for 4 hours while I watch his affair.  And my wonderful man who loves his football did not disappoint.  Well, and neither did Aria.  Aria's sports book was full of HUGE a** chairs that were very comfy to sit in for 4 hours without getting up.  The hostesses were attentive and served your drinks fast.  We usually watch our sports at Caesars or MGM, but I think we've found our new hangout.... and my wonderful man who loves his football can continue his affair with the NFL without hearing a peep from me.  A happy wife is a happy life.
4	Line goes super fast.  Large area but on Sunday, it was packed by 10am.  They need to put bigger TV's in the other lounge areas so when this place is full, you can still watch the game.  First time betting and other than losing some money, good first experience.
4	Very comfortable sports book that's not too big and fancy. The bet takers are usually very patient and knowledgable although there's definitely a few better than others. I go there several times during NFL season and I'll surely be back for NCAA sweet 16. I'd probably give them a 3 1/2 star rating if available because of a few issues that I think a higher rated book would have?pros; very comfortable          Friendly staff          clean and secure          Not too big (lines aren't out of control)          Great overhead HD TV'scons; Ventilation poor.....if there's someone smoking nearby then bring your gas mask!           Odds board behind the seating and difficult to see from your seats. It would be nice to                              have it up front near the TVs           No food service although if you're looking for decent "bar food" it's close by within a            within a short walk.           "Comp drink tickets" don't come cheap. They used to be 1/$100 bet. Now it's 1/$140 bet            I believe.Overall, it's my go-to sports book until I find another one with the amenities and design that I've discussed.
4	Went here to watch Thursday Night Football - the place is packed - as it should be and they have great pizza being served right next to it.  I gave it 4 stars because they could offer more seating in some of the empty space that they have so less people have to stand.
1	I bought two tickets for Auburn vs Alabama. I paid for Auburn straight up and also with the line of 10. NOT Alabama. The idiot working who's name is Mike totally messed up my slip. I never think twice about checking my slip because I assume these "proffesionals" are doing there job correctly. I ended up losing a lot of money. Won't deal with these people anymore. To add to the sportsbook...there's not a lot of room. AND they also took more space away as they opened away mew pizza place there. So it's EVEN SMALLER wow...  The pizza place is very good. Pizza is good but service sucks. I expect it from aria now. The people are trashy. Didn't expect it at aria but it's a fact. Won't come here. Don't come here
4	Really comfortable seating! And you can bring in delicious wood fired pizza from Five50 Pizza Bar that right around the corner.
3	Perhaps it gets bagged for its size (lack of), and odds board (smallish, basically non-existent).  But it gets a wow factor of 6.0 stars for 2 massive TVs, with a very clear picture.   Its not that massive of a room,  neither. Seated in comfy leather chairs, I made the most of a lovely afternoon of watching Stanford/Michigan State football, an Old Fashioned drink, and running into another Yelper.Done and Fun!
