2	It's an Albertson's and it's close by and it's rarely crowded.  For that I give it 2 stars.  I wouldn't even review a chain grocery store, but every time I shop here I have to avoid the meat display because it smells.  Yes, like rotten meat.  And it's not the whole display, just the part with the ground meat toward the end of the display.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, I tried buying chicken here once and fish once.  Both times I just couldn't get over the fact their meat display stinks and I'm sure it affected my feeling about the meats I did buy.  Never again ...I'll run in for dry goods and they have a decent produce section, but that's about all the shopping I'll ever do here.
2	Over priced on just about everything in stock. Seriously why would I pay almost $6 for a pint of Ben and Jerry's ice cream? Also the staff can be very rude at times and seem like they do not want to deal with certain people who shop there, kind of made me feel like I was not wanted. I am always looking for a good bargin but this place has some of the weirdest policies when it comes to their sales. I can not stand when they over price their meat so that they can make it look like you are getting a good deal when they advertise a "sale". Seriously since when does a pack of pork chops cost almost $15? Or 2 thin little steaks almost $18? All they do is take a pack of meat, mark it up 2 or 3 times the price and say it is buy one get one free. They move more product and still make a good amount of money. They are not the only ones doing this but they are doing it almost every week!! No wonder this place is always so empty!While they do have a larger selection of some items it is not enough to get me to shop here regularly.
1	I agree with Ricky C.  was in Albertson's yesterday and also last week, Pork was $3.49/lb not on sale, today it was buy one get one free but the price was $6.99/lb, now how is that buy one get one free?  No store in the valley charges $6.99 for pork
2	I haven't been into an Albertson's in the last 7 years so I thought I would give it a shot. Although this was my first time in this location, it looks exactly like I had remembered it...and smelled the same too. The store was incredibly empty. I only saw a handful of other shoppers and the staff that I encountered didn't even say hello. (Trust me, they weren't busy working either) The shelves were relatively full and the store was clean.I came specifically to pick up some chicken for dinner so I didn't check out the entire meat department. I did notice there were a lot of items that we marked with "Buy 1, get 2 free" stickers, but after looking the price, no thank you. $11+ for two chicken breasts pre-seasoned with what I imagine is just some Lawry's Seasoning Salt? What a rip off. Luckily I was get getting the plain chicken breasts that were on sale ($1.98/lb). After reading other reviews, it sounds like this pricing is common practice. I also came in to see if they had any corn on the cob. It took me a minute to find it because it was all pre-wrapped in 4 cob packages for $2.99. Normally I would have passed but it was a special request from one of my kids so I bought it anyway.Check out was quick (because there were no shoppers) and my cashier let me know that I didn't need my savings card anymore. With all of the grocery competition in the Phoenix area, it's hard to believe that Albertson's is profitable, because there really isn't much of an incentive to shop here.
