4	When I was asked to help out and take one of my favorite little kids to a birthday party here, I wasn't exactly jumping with excitement.  Upon arrival, we were greeted and asked to sign the waiver and put our present in the designated bin.  Easy enough.Then our group of 10 4- and 5-year olds headed into the first bounce area.  The children took off to play, with fun music blaring.  Umm....dare I admit I wish I had socks so I could go play too?  A staff member told me they recently had held a 40th birthday party there - interesting!  After a half hour or so they moved into a second bounce area for another half hour, followed by some games lead by the staff there.  Both spaces were different enough to keep the children engage.  There were also a couple benches for parents that want to sit and relax.  We then moved into a party room for pizza and cake.  The room was pretty large, appropriately decorated, and had big windows.  I think the birthday boy loved the big chair and all the attention!  As an expecting parent and practically a professional babysitter - this is definitely a place you want your child to go for a birthday party!  He'll be half dead and ready for an early bedtime, that's for sure!
4	I took my 4-yr-old here for a birthday party.  It was clean and well-organized.  Kind of hard to find at night, but otherwise I was impressed with the facility and the staff.  I would definitely consider this venue for a party for my son
5	Safe staff and clean facilities.  This is the best Pump It Up we've been to.  All of the inflatables are new and clean.  The parents lounge above is a nice touch!
5	Yes, this childless yelper is doing a review on Pump It Up: a land of inflatable playgrounds for young children and if I was a young child myself, this would be a paradise for me! Today I found myself at E Bahia Drive for my nephew's fourth birthday. As I entered and was surrounded by 15 other four year olds, I was hesitant about where the day would take me, but I knew that this day was for the kids and not adults. I must say though, I was quite impressed by Pump It Up! Pump It Up is located in the most unassuming area of North Scottsdale and nestled among industrial buildings. People must learn about this place through word of mouth (and hopefully yelp!) because it's not one of those places you drive by and discover. Now I know you are waiting for me to explain more about this Pump It Up place. Well, you know those inflatable bouncy houses you see at picnics and fairgrounds? Imagine a warehouse with rooms full of them. Bouncy houses of every shape and size. Bouncy houses with arcade type games placed within them. Bouncy houses transformed into rock climbing walls. While it's pretty ridiculous to look at, it's heaven for a child. As I mentioned, it was my nephew's birthday, so they rented out two of the rooms for a half an hour of playtime each. It's nice because it's completely enclosed so the kids can run around while the parents watch or assist as needed. The staff is extremely attentive and friendly and they keep a close eye on the kids. Plus, they keep the adults entertained with air hockey tables as well as a "waiting room" where adults can hang out on couches and watch tv. I have never imagined a concept like Pump It Up, but it's pretty genius if you ask me, especially with the weather here in the summer. During the week, they offer "open hours" where any child can come and bounce around for a couple hours for around $6. You can also host birthday parties like my nephew's. I learned that Pump It Up isn't open at night, but it would be genius if they opened up for kids to bounce around before bedtime from 5-8 PM during the weeknights or weekends. Following the bouncy hours (no I did not actually bounce, but I did so vicariously through my nephew), we went into one of the party rooms where we had pizza (that was delicious!), cake and soda. They even had a king's bouncy chair where the birthday boy got to sit! Looking at Pump It Up from a kid's perspective make me see that this place is a little paradise of fun. Looking at it from an adult's perspective makes me thank whoever came up with this idea so that when I have kids in the future, I know where I can take them to get their energy out and run around!
5	If you want a perfect easy party for your 3 to 6 yr old, this is the place.  Organized.  Easy to coordinate. Clean. Safe. But most importantly... Super fun My three year old girl had her party today. 45 minutes in each bounce room, which has multiple different bounce activity center.  The kids bounced till they almost dropped.  Giggles galore Parents just chit chatted and took pics.  Kids were fine on their own and with the staff helping on occasion.  What a huge relief for hostess mom! Then the easy pizza room where it's all done for you.  You just bring cake! Loved it.  Price for 15 kids plus parents with pizza was 350. Totally worth it. Perfectly timed to end right at 1245 for naps. Zero complaints.  It's not the business fault we live 25 minutes away but the drive was worth the ease in party! Oh yeah, they even play kid music. Really fun.
4	Cool place, has up stairs area for adults to let the kids go nuts which you watch some TV.  The kids love it of course with all of the inflatable jumping rooms, slides, inflated tunnel rooms.  It is also very clean and nice inside without any odor which that can be a problem at some places.
5	My wife and I scoured the Valley for the perfect place to host my daughter's 4th birthday party. We wanted to ensure that she and her friends were treated to a fun-filled and memorable party experience. Suffice it to say, Pump it Up came through in spades!!!We arrived on the scene a few minutes early to make sure we signed all of the proper paperwork (waivers and whatnot). While we were filling out the paperwork with the manager, the remaining staff immediately flocked to my daughter to congratulate her on her birthday. She was in heaven from the word "GO"!Pump it Up has two separate rooms in which the children can play. Each room is available for 40 minutes. The first room has an awesome obstacle course perfect to inspire a little competition in the children...and the parents, too! There's also a bouncy castle with an oversized basketball hoop inside. Past that, there's a super tall slide. I was a little nervous that it would be too big for some of the children, but as it turns out, these kids today are fearless! For the smaller children in this room, there's a HUGE circular bounce house with a raised platform in the middle. After the first 40 minutes, the staff lined up all of the children behind the birthday girl, and took us all to the next room. Here, there are three more bounce houses, similar to the first room, but with some distinct difference. There's a giant basketball hoop that turned out to be quite challenging for even the adults. The basketballs used for the hoop are the size of one of those stability balls you'd find at a gym, only these were FAR heavier. It was quite fun. But, the life of the party in this room was the climbing wall! It's a 20 foot angled bouncy wall that has different Velcro squares at various heights. The object is to take a Velcro flag and see how high up on the wall you can make it stick. Each of us took our turns (kids and adults alike), yet we were unsuccessful at reaching the top. The youthful staff, however, showed us old folks how it was done...darn kids! After a sweet group picture, the staff ushered us to the final room. Here, my daughter and her friends were treated to pizza and soda from a local pizza place, and cupcakes we brought from home. After the food, it was time for presents! My daughter got to sit in their super sweet birthday throne, all while wearing an inflatable "Birthday Girl" crown. She was queen for a day, and she loved it! While my daughter was opening presents, the staff were right beside us making a list of who brought which presents. What a load off of our minds THAT gesture was! We were prepared to make the list for thank you cards ourselves, but thanks to the staff at Pump it Up, we were allowed to actually enjoy the experience WITH our daughter instead of missing something because we were jotting something down.Now, base price for a 2 hour party on the weekend is $275. That includes the 40 minutes in each room, and 40 minutes in the dining/presents room. Parents are responsible for bringing in their own cakes, ice creams, or cup cakes. Along with the desserts, parents are asked to bring in their own candles, lighters, and serving utensils for the cake/ice cream. Pump it Up does not allow you to bring in balloons to their facility. However, they DO offer balloons for their parties for an added charge. They will call you the day before the party and double-check to make sure they have everything ready for the party. At this time, you'll also order your pizza, balloons, and veggie trays, all at an additional cost. The added price, of course, depends on exactly what extras you get.Now, we chose our own theme (Mustache, BTW) for our daughter's party. However, Pump it Up DOES offer theme parties, such as Pirate Adventures or Glow Adventures. For the latter party, it's an extra $1.99 per child.All in all, my daughter and her friends had the time of their lives! The staff at Pump it Up were certain to make everybody's day special! If you have a child that wants a memorable birthday adventure, then Pump it Up should be at the top of your list!
5	This was perfect for our son.  We did this place for his 4th birthday and this year, for his 5th birthday.  He absolutely loves it.  Though it's pricier than if you were to do it at home, it was worth it for us.  We did absolutely nothing except bring his birthday cake and we also chose to make our own goodie bags as we were able to save some money that way - you can certainly order goodie bags through Pump It Up. I won't repeat what other yelpers said as far as how it works, because that's how it was for us - 40 minutes each in 2 rooms, 40 minutes in the party room.  The kids loved the rooms and were so darn sweaty! They were having a blast.  Our 2 "helpers" were very nice and always came and checked with my husband and I to make sure everything was going well and if we needed anything.  Super friendly yet very professional, considering they were young - probably in high school/early college? There was a person who called the day before to confirm and helped me place our pizza and drinks order.  Note that ordering pizza and drinks is completely optional, so you can save money there, too, if you chose to not order.  Their large cheese pizza is $16 and a large 1-item is $18.  Their drinks come in liters and are $2.50/each.  They will start you off with 2 bottles and as time goes on, if you want more soda, they'll bring it out and add it to your bill. We chose not to have our son open his presents at the party, so halfway through the party, one of the Pump It Up reps came and asked for my car keys, and they took all the presents and loaded it into our car.  How awesome is that?  We literally had to do nothing - no clean up, no serving food, nothing.  It was easy and convenient.  In the end, for the 2 hour play ($275) and the pizza, soda and tip, our total came to $400.  Pricey? Yes.  Worth it? Definitely.  Why is it that even though we did nothing, the hubs and I came home completely tired???
4	Both of my kids had their 4th birthday parties at this pump it up. It isn't inexpensive, but for us, it was worth it. They had two staff members who were with the kids the entire time, and did all of the set-up and clean-up....even took the gifts out to our car! The kids all had so much fun jumping and running around, and the parties were so stress free from my perspective!
5	I am a grandmother, and the helpers keep a keen eye on the children while making sure everyone is safe and has a great time. The helpers took photos that the children loved watching in the party room. There was seating for the 86 year old great grandmother too (couldn't get 92 year old great grandpa to the place). Great job Pump it up!Lynn K.
5	Lots of fun for the kids!   In AZ we have 2 choices for bouncy houses - sweaty outside rentals or indoor A/C like we desert folks like it!  Great time for the kids.  Staff was good and ever present which it's a must when you have 30-40 hyped up bouncy children hopped up on sugar in the same room wall with the same goal!
3	This place is actually pretty fun for my 5 year old.  HOWEVER, parents keep an eagle eye on your kids as the teenage attendants on the floor "enforcing rules" do no such thing.  They chitchat amongst themselves with their backs to the equipment.  My son, who is small, gets plowed over by the big kids as a lot of parents are too busy on their phones or chatting amongst themselves to keep an eye on their kids.  The round inflatable with an elevated middle is not safe for small children.  They bring out these large boxing gloves and barbell type sticks and the kids go crazy with them.  Again, no enforcing of the rules.  My son got clocked on the side of the head (unprovoked) which actually took my breath away (and his).  That is when I complained to the very young manager and we left.  Also, during public jump time which is only 1.5 hours a couple of times a week I think there should not be a busload of kids on a field trip there.  We actually had to be in a separate room from them which was ridiculous.  That many kids should be made to reserve time during a non-public session.
2	I had my son's 7th birthday party here.  I will say that the place is clean and in good shape.  Upon arrival of our party time we waited close to fifteen minutes to take the kids into the first jump area.  This wasn't bothersome to me until they shorted our time in that area by..... You guessed it, fifteen minutes!  When we entered the party room, the hostess seemed very flustered, was rushing us through pizza, and cake, so much that I did most of the serving myself just to move it along.  When I inquired about our presents, it took her another ten minutes to bring them in, and then we were rushed through that! We finished and were out of the room five minutes before our scheduled time and the hostess still seemed irritated that we had our son open his gifts, and was quite rude.  This experience was certainly not worth the $500 price tag and not a place I will go again.  I was disappointed because it became obvious to us that somewhere prior to our party they had gotten behind and they chose to short us playtime and make the party room  experience very stressful, especially considering the high price tag.
