5	I love this kohls :) huge selection and I loooove getting coupons in the mail from them almost every week! I spent 10 and saved 50 :)
5	Kohls is definitely one of my favorite stores and this is the best location that I've been to. The store is clean and not too crowded and the staff are always friendly. One time I wanted a particular size swim suit that they didn't have and a customer service rep was on the phone for about 20 minutes hunting it down for me! I wouldn't expect that kind of service anywhere else.
5	Love this Kohls---Love the employees!!!!!
5	Awesome!!! Everyone is always so nice and helpful. I will drive out of my way just to go to this location :)
1	I spend so much money here. I buy everything here because it's very close to me and you can easily return things because everything that you buy on your card they can pull it up. Recently I've had a couple purchases that didn't fit or I didn't like. I had the receipt and I tried to return. The first occasion was a very mean lady that reeked of cigarettes she works in the daytime at returns. Another lady was a redheaded older woman who is a manager. I couldn't believe the attitude she was giving me. I had a receipt and everything I hope this is not going to become a habit because if I don't feel good about going somewhere I will stop. No matter how good the coupons are or the sales.
1	I moved about 4 years ago from an 85086 to an 85087 zip code, so you can see I didn't go very far. Ever since that move I stopped receiving all of the promotional mail that I used to get from Kohl's. I would stop by my Mom's (she lives in my same zip code) and would see all this mail for sales, discounts and promotions on her counter and wonder why I wasn't getting the same. So I did more than just wonder - I also addressed the issue at: the customer service desk at my local Kohl's (near I-17 & Carefree Highway), through phone calls to customer service and through emails to Kohl's online. I did this time and time again, maybe 3 to 4 times per year for the last 4 years!!! At first they said I needed "to be patient" as it "takes a few months for an address change to register in their system". They told me this after 3 months, again after 6 months, again after a year and, as of last week (FOUR years later) were still spouting the same nonsense! In addition, anytime I tried to sign in on Kohls.com I would have to contact an agent to help me, and each time I would be told "the problem has been corrected and I wouldn't have any more trouble in the future" but, sure enough the SAME thing would happen the next time. I also was charged late fees twice for statements I never received (this was reversed after more of my time was wasted on the phone AND in the store with customer service). Finally, I always had to have an agent help me with my Kohl's charge card online because the system would say that my account didn't exist!!! If I could add up all the time I have wasted with them I think it would make me explode... You would think that a company who is constantly doing surveys (ad nauseam), which I always took, would have some type of an alert system to deliver repetitious feedback to some higher up employee when issues with the same customer are repeated over and over again... feedback that might actually help them take action to fix issues. Instead they offer ridiculous and empty statements such as "We want you to know Kohl's cares very much about your shopping experience with us"... Guys, ACTIONS speak way louder than your words!!!This is a comment I sent to Kohl's.com today:"No question, just a comment that I want a manager to reply to. Why did it take almost 4 years for someone at your company to figure out why my account was so messed up? My frustration level has gone through the roof time and again and I am tired of agents telling me how important it is to them that I am happy with their service. Actions speak louder than words and talk is cheap, especially went the issues drag on and on and on despite constant reassurances that everyone at Kohl's cares so much! I am adding a reference below to my most recent review so you get a better idea of how disappointed I am with Kohl's:  please see the 1st review for  Pfaltzgraff Everyday Catalina 16-pc. Dinnerware Set (in turquoise). I would appreciate a response to this complaint."I certainly won't be holding my breath while waiting for a response. Grrrrrrrrrrr
4	Kohl's Department Stores is a a contemporary store, but upon wandering around, is actually a historic icon in Phoenix. All the old components are there, and one gets reminded of the glamour of days gone by!
