3	VERY difficult ingress and egress.  It doesn't take an archiecture degree to see that whoever planned this one out has some issues.  I would recommend going through the drive-thru to get your caffiene fix since you must use the drive-thru to exit the parking lot in most cases.  If there happens to be a parking space along the main road, grab it if you want to go inside.  The associates are warm and friendly and the coffee is good and strong.  Be carefull about the items made with the hot water, though, as the water is more of a luke-warm than hot.
3	I agree with Sal , the drive thru is horrible and parking lot is way too small. I have been told this location is the third busiest in Pittsburgh only bhind Monroeville and mcknight Ed
4	This location (2nd busiest in Pittsburgh) is one of my favorites, although it can be difficult to A) find a place to park and 2) once you find a parking place, finding a seat inside, and C) getting out of the place. There are parking places in the drive through lane so to exit you might be behind quite a few cars waiting for drink in drive through.It has all the necessities (2 comfy chairs, plenty of tables, and all the drinks and snacks) in a very tiny space. And, the reason this store is so busy, is the drive through and it's right off the exit of 376.One of the baristas told me this wasn't built to be a Starbucks, which is why from the outside it doesn't resemble one. It's between Olive Garden and Einstein Bros.PS the baristas are fab!
3	This place is very comfy.  With free Wi-Fi.  Sometimes hard to find a parking space and sometimes people go in the drive through just to exit the parking lot.
4	This location is virtually a daily stop for me. Usually, its a quad espresso with two sugar in the raw. A drink that I will slowly enjoy for the next 2 hours. The staff at this location is absolutely amazing. I truly love Starbucks coffee. My favorite blend is Sumatra. This store is efficient for the fact that it does a ton of business and usually I don't have to wait too long. My only complaint about this particular location is the limited parking. Like all Starbucks, they have free WiFi. In fact, I'm using it right now to write this review, while sitting in the drive thru. If you need a cup of joe and for some reason haven't tried Starbucks yet, do yourself a favor and go. They've got tons of fun drinks too. Plus, a really nice selection of tea. I haven't tried the food, but I love the desserts. Especially the giant rice crispy treat. Enjoy...
2	Caramel frap and hot chocolate were good but very disappointed in vanilla cappuccino half of the cup is foam and not a lot of vanilla.
4	This is a pretty decent Starbucks that I work at about once a week. The baristas are knowledgeable enough about their menu and the drinks are usually made pretty well. Regarding the shop itself, the building is in a very convenient location right off 376 Greentree exit. Pretty spacious, some solid outdoor seating that's a little close to the road but not as bothersome as you might think, and plenty of seating inside. The parking lot is a little wacky, but that's not really on management or the employees so I'll cut them some slack.I find the music annoying in both content and loudness, but that's a Starbucks-wide problem, not just this store.
4	I stop here on my way to work and since there are no drive-thru's by me in the city, I find this a perk. I also find the location to be very convenient either right before getting on the parkway or as you're getting off. The thing that turns me off is the parking situation. I'm curious about the parking spots located in the drive thru. You'd have to time coming or going based on the traffic rolling through the narrow lane. No thanks! If I have to park here (which I avoid like the plague) then I try to back into a spot quickly. Apparently it's difficult for others to follow the traffic flow so I've encountered more than a few cars blocking my way as I'm either leaving the drive thru or going around that corner into it. I understand it can get tricky.As for the staff..so nice! I've had my order forgotten once or twice, but I chalk it up to how busy it was in the morning (Also happened when I parked! Coincidence? Probably.) and not something to worry about. They're quick and I've never had a poor drink from here.
