4	This store sells all kinds of sewing machines and teaches you how to use them. But after you have that machine there is a great selection of fabrics for your imagine to take hold. They also have some great sales every now and again.
2	I am in utter disbelief of how IMPOSSIBLE it is to find a store in or near Phoenix with a wide variety of high quality, high end, quilters cotton that is NOT intermingled with tacky 80-90's style theme fabric. While I do give this place kudos for carrying some nice names, Windham, Free Spirit, Michael Miller, Alexander Henry, Amy Butler, they seem to carry just enough of those manufacturers/designers to say that they have them, kwim? I have yet to find a great place that doesn't overdo it in the chintzy 80's style gaudy patterns, and carries a great array of new, modern, and classic designers like Heather Ross, Tanya Whelan, Amy Butler, Denise Schmidt, and maybe some fun Japanese manufacturer's/designers like Nani Iro, or Lecien. Will someone please open a shop like this?? Not all people who sew/quilt/craft are 70 years old and love Mary Englebright!!
1	On November 26th I brought my vacuum here to get fixed. Too much cat hair.Two months later I got it back.The first three weeks I spent calling asking if the thing had been fixed, as I was told it would take "about five days" and would receive a call when it was ready. A week later, I tried calling, it was near impossible to get the guy that apparently fixes that vacuums on the phone. I was told I would receive a call back. Never got a call.Forgetting about it, three weeks later I was successful and was told my vacuum had mistakenly never been moved from the "waiting to be fixed" pile. No apologies, but was again told I will receive a call when it was fixed. Never got a call.At that point, I was morbidly curious to see just how long it could be for the goddamn thing to get fixed.A month later I called for shits and giggles and was told it had been ready and I can come and pick it up. Never got a call or message telling me it had been ready.Never again.
4	Do you hear that? The angels singing? In yet another episode of My Impulsive Life, I was working on rearranging a room and decided to repurpose an old bookshelf as my new storage unit for my bags and hats. When all was finished I decided it needed something more. Fabric as some type of cover and a little bit of class. But I couldn't find anything open nearby and those that were had some really piss poor excuses for fabric collections.I posted on facebook about my frustration and get a response to try 35th Ave Sew and Vac. I didn't hesitate as I was desperate and in the mood to shop. Having one of the cross streets in the name is a huge help too, let me tell ya. I found the place easily and was excited to get started in my search.At first it looked like there was a very limited selection of fabric and I started to weep (on the inside, don't worry). Then a skinny hallway and narrow beacon of light directed me to the mecca of fabric. I was lost in no time, wandering about the rows and admiring the selections. They were categorized beautifully and the taxonomy/library science geek in me swooned. Everything was so easy to find.Finally I made a decision and headed to the checkout. They were so nice and friendly and it was a breeze to pay and make my way home to use my newly found goods. Everyone I encountered seemed really knowledgeable and courteous, which is nice, because I actually don't know a damn thing about sewing except that I can't do it.
4	Full Disclosure:I am not a quilter.  I know nothing about quilting, but I have been in many a quilting/fabric store.This is how 35th Ave Sew and Vac stands out: - Large & well-lit - Organized Fabric - Helpful staff - a Large Selection of New & Used sewing and quilting machines
4	Fantastic fabric selection which has expanded since they moved down the mall and remodeled, keep in mind it's a quilting store so virtually all the fabric is 100 percent cotton.  Ask about the "black bag" program when you go in, for $5.99 you get a black shopping bag which entitles you to a page of coupons when you go in on the third Saturday of the month.  Nice!  They also have certain things on sale for the entire month.  Very nice place to get inspired and it is entertaining to walk around and observe how the hard core quilters figure out what fabrics go with what...intense!  While I have high praise for the fabric sale part of this business...the service side is another story.  I have had similar indifferent service/delays with no explanation as have been described in other reviews.  Literslly a parade of excuses, stretching  over several months.  For repairs I would highly recommend you  try the Bernina Connection store instead , which has outstanding service and quick turnaround, they genuinely seem excited to have you as a repair customer and do a great job at a reasonable price even if it is not a Bernina machine.
1	BEWARE...all sales are FINAL for machines (vacuum and sewing)!  It's printed on the receipt (and then it's too late) but no where else.  The gentleman that is supposed to know the vacuums like the "back of his hand" really doesn't and is not patient in explaining the product.  They don't point out the necessary gadgets you need to buy to make the vacuum effective...they just want to sell you a product.  It was an expensive mistake to buy our vacuum at the Chandler location.
4	Since I found this store I don't go to Jo Ann very often. I just love all the good quality, beautiful fabrics that they carry. I feel like a kid in a candy store everytime I shop here. They accept Jo Ann's coupon, one coupon a day. But since I start using Jo Ann's coupons, some workers never said Thank you anymore. =(I bought 20 fat quarters today (3/10/13) and got $14 off as a sale, some fabrics are smaller than 18X22, I shouldn't buy these since it's only 25% off of regular price.
1	I will never shop at this place again this guy is reall mean. Rude from the get go. I will never do business with ever!
2	They have a wide selection of everything and a new store to showcase it in.  To bad they did not do a better job cleaning the rust stains off the floor from the last tenant before moving in.  That said, once again they did not have what I wanted.  I had to make do with something else.  I did however, get an offer for help and didn't have to track someone down, as I've done in the past.
1	If you like rude clerks, cockroaches, and being overcharged well do I have the place for you! 35th Ave Sew & Vac!  I had a horrible experience here. It was my first time and I brought my one year old daughter. Unlike every fabric store in America they didn't have carts. They also didn't have a changing table so I had to change my daughter in my car in 115 degree weather.   This was all forgivable, but when I asked a clerk if they had any carts she was very rude, and said something under her breath as I walked away. Later my daughter rushed for something on the floor and instinctively I picked her up and it's a good thing too because it was a large dead cockroach in the isle.   When I went to get my fabric cut my daughter was fussy. Considering that she has two molars coming in, which anyone with any empathy would understand except the people here. The woman cutting the fabric was very rude. She asked how old my daughter was, and later told me I should have put my one year old daughter in their fabric carts...I mean really? Because you don't have shopping carts, you're going to tell me that I should put my one year old daughter into the fabric cart? It didn't even have a bottom. My daughter would have gotten her foot stuck and been hurt. The lady's response when I told her this was that some other person had put their child (not toddler but child) in the quilt cart just the other day. Wow...just wow.   At this point I put everything I was getting on the table and said no thanks. I didn't get anything. I had about $70 worth of fabric at that point, and had planned to keep shopping, but I left.   I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN! EVER! You couldn't pay me to go here. They are overpriced anyway. Horrible, horrible, horrible experience!  And I wish I could give them no stars.
4	Love coming to Phoenix, it's been years, exploring, driving the town, taking in the sites, the food and shopping!My hobbies are sewing, quilting, beading and anything with yarn! My husbands hobbie is food and so we're off, driving through town looking for someplace to eat, then I catch site of this place and we gotta stop.It's big, old grocery store space! There are rows of quilt patterns, gadgets, fabric and lots of fabric! They have sewing machines and classrooms, the staff are friendly and so helpful. This is my new place to go when in town!
3	This is correct name but numerous reviews (and the company web page) list 35th "AVE" rather than Avenue" as well as "Fabric World"- so look there, but meantime, since you're here:  My experiences have been positive here. It's a fairly large store in what appears to be a former grocery in a fairly sizeable strip center now past its prime.   There are enough sewing machines, including impressively high-tech ones to start your own sweat shop.  Fabrics and sewing and quilting supplies abound.  They also sell and service a number of major brand vacuum and carpet cleaning machines including Hoover and Miele, among others.  I purchased a Hoover Max Extract 77 home carpet and hard surface cleaning machine and think I paid full-retail price, but given the 2 year warranty and in-house service, I'm thus far satisfied.  Store personnel have been helpful, but note that staff is sparse, so if there are other customers requiring assistance, you may have to wait a while.  I note they offer classes in sewing, quilting, and apparently all manner of needle-craft.  See their web page at: http://www.35thavesewandvac.com/
5	Best Place in Town for Vacuums!  If you are in the market for a new vacuum or need  your current vacuum repaired, go see Ronnie at the Northern Avenue location.  Ronnie is very knowledgeable about every vacuum out on the market and he won't tell you what you want to hear just to make a sale.  Ronnie totally rocks.....he is very personable and makes the vacuum shopping process fun!  The turn around time for vacuum repairs is also quick.  35th Avenue Sew and Vac has the best prices in town on top of the line vacuums like Miele and Sebo.  I currently have a Miele upright that I purchased 4 years ago.  I absolutely love everything about this machine and it is worth every penny I spent on it.  Be sure and check out the Sebo canister vacuum...that will be my next vacuum purchase.
5	Very fun shop for my needs. Sewing, quilting, learning. The fabric selection is amazing. And they have a variety of sewing, quilting, and embroidery machines.  I like to see the new models in person. Overall, this is a fun, inspiring shop. And there are discounts and coupon specials to help keep it affordable.
