5	I found Cake Frenzy through an service listing on Craigslist while looking for someone to create our wedding cake/cupcakes. Not only were we on a tight budget we only had about 2 1/2 months to plan for the venue we wanted only had a few dates available. I met Jennifer about a month prior, my fiance' and I knew we wanted a peanut butter & jelly cake and she happily obliged. I emailed her a picture of what I wanted and the day of our wedding when I first saw our cake I almost cried. She went above and beyond my expectations. The cake was beautiful with sugar flowers and gelatin butterflies. All of our guests loved the flavor combinations and the decorations. I highly recommend Cake Frenzy, she is professional, she takes pride in her work and extremely reasonable.
5	I can not believe the my cake. It was perfect. all the way down to the last detail. the cake flavor and filling was perfect. I have never ordered a custom cake before so was a bit nervous on spending the money. But i will be ordering again. Thank you Cake frenzy my friends are still talking about my cake
5	Best cupcakes I have EVER tasted. Got two dozen ladybug/daisy cupcakes for my daughter's birthday they were so cute and amazingly delish! Ordering for all of my next parties for my kids!
5	Weeks I searched for a place to do my sister's surprise baby sprinkle cake, I took my chances with Cake Frenzy.. it was beyond great, looked beautiful, tasted amazing. I've never had a custom cake done before and had no clue what to expect, definitely set the bar high. Will 200% use again. Thanks Jennifer, your patience and wonderful cake skills were appreciated by everyone! Amazing, amazing, amazing.. If you are not sure who to use like I was, I recommend Cake Frenzy. I had no clue in what I was doing, changed how I wanted the cake to look probably about 5 times and she (Jennifer) was a big help. Thanks a million!
5	Jennifer made a beautiful cake for my husband's birthday.  Not only was it decorated perfectly, the cakes tasted so yummy!  One tier was a red velvet w/cream cheese filling and the cream cheese was so good; the other was a chocolate w/caramel filling and it was the gooey kind of carmel and fabulous!Worth every penny!
1	I initially wanted to try this place in regards to the wonderful yelp reviews. Unfortunately I did not even get to try the cake I ordered. I first wrote on the website asking for a cake and I never got a reply. Then I called numerous times and still nothing. I finally got a response when I emailed her directly and it was still a few days. We emailed back and forth for a week and she said she would have the cake ready in time. ( This Wednesday). Then today she emails me again and said she will in fact NOT have the cake ready. So I am now stuck with no cake.I know this is a home-based cake shop but I wish she was a little more professional. I would not have had a problem if she would have let me know at the beginning she could not get the cake ready. She did offer me 10% but I will never try her again.
