4	Another Game Stop outpost near Spring Mountain and Rainbow, in pretty much the same plaza as the Walmart and Sam's Club.  So if you don't like shopping malls, where most of the Game Stops are located in, this will be a good option if you workor live nearby.  It is staff by friendly and knowledgeable employees (all females on my last three visits).If you are a gamer and want to pre-order the newest titles to be released, they can definitely help you.  If you are a casual gamer that are looking to find pre-own games at a reasonable price, they have walls of relatively new titles to those from older consoles.  Definitely check out their weekly promotions on used games and older brand new games (but sometimes the game is already opened by the staff, just FYI).Have old games you no longer plays?  They will gladly buy it back or give you store credit for other games and merchandise.Your console needs repair? Bring it in and they will have it fixed by a reputable third party.Anyway, as far as Game Stop location goes, I am a fan!
4	Thank you to Nicole for helping me today when I came to pick up my Madden 25. She was very informative & explained the value of each trade-in game I brought in. She also showed me the codes for a special bonus I received for pre-ordering the game, much appreciated. I'm definitely coming back here to get future releases
3	Came here to pick up a game recommended by another location- original game I was seeking is apparently difficult to find. Staff was able to locate and hold the copy here, which I appreciated. When I came in to pick it up, it was even on sale at a reduced price because it was a preowned copy- maybe some would be annoyed that this wasn't disclosed earlier, but I like spending less for the same product.Location can be tricky to find if the only directions you're given are "Rainbow and Spring Mountain"- it's on Spring Mountain, sandwiched in the building with Panda Express on one end, and a Navy recruitment center in the middle.
3	Ok today is my first time in this location. It's a ok location nothing special. I'm a fan of a few gamestops but this is not one of them. It's a game store but the employees act all tired & bord. Makes me just want to leave.
5	Great customer service and large inventory of new and used games and systems. Highly recommend!
1	I have been a long time client,but today was the last time !!!!I went in to the store for a last minute gift for my son,it was clear that the manager was gone because they were playing,hanging on the counter talking to each other!!!I asked them about the psp they had 1 left.the guy told me not to buy it since its old and he had only 4 games in the back!!really,that's what my son wanted and he didn't want to sell it to me!they totally ignored me and I left!!!I am a manager at a store to,if my employees would do that they could walk !!!!not professional,just rude and little kids!!!
