5	Like many other Yelpers I'm sure, I am a true devotee of the old-timey theaters; from single-screen neighborhood movie houses to the opulent grand palace theaters with their customized neon signs and ornate interior decor.  This one's a true classic in downtown Madison, although they could update the sound system.
3	The Orpheum is an institution...a barn of an old theater.  Needs updated equipment, but at least its still here and still showing films.  A piece of Madison we can't afford to lose...since after loosing the Majestic, Esquire (and a long, long time ago, The Capitol), this is it as far as historic movie palaces go...enjoy it!
5	Nowhere else have I ever had such intimiate concert experiences... like being so close to Jason Mraz I could have touched him (which I admit I kinda wanted to back then...) and being in the thick of the tradish ping-pong ball bombardment during Guster's "Airport Song."  Because the Orpheum is small, I also had the killer chance to hang out in the lobby after Guster's show, and with a few other devotees, met and got autographs from the band.  Can't do this at the United Center, folks.  This place needs to be carefully preserved and cherished - its vintage cool at its best.
5	I've heard this called the Last of the Great Theaters in downtown Madison. No, sorry to say it's now the LAST THEATER in downtown Madison, and fellow isthmusites should take great care to gather a posse and go there often, for lunch, dinner, drinks, movies or just popcorn, because I'll be damned if I'm going to watch this place close down due to lack of business. This is the kind of grand old theatre that still has the wee balconies just off either side of the stage --the kind that makes you want to point and shout "Mr. Lincoln! Behind you!" with the hopes one of your friends will shoot soda out his nose because you're so witty. This is the place I saw a guy in an amazingly authentic Batman costume kung-fu his way through an elaborately staged bout with some of Penguin's thugs onstage for pre-show entertainment at the Batman premier -only to anounce afterwards in a squeaky, pubescent voice that the show would start soon. The sold-out crowd, after a minute of stunned silence and clearly offended by this teenage imposter, pelted him with concessions. The Orpheum is a rare and beautiful theater, and despite the faults that come with age (sound, seat comfort) you should make a point to become a regular there. An old-school movie-watching experience beckons you! This is a great place to see films (big and small) and even concerts. Their popcorn is pretty amazing, too. No lie. (It's the oil.) Now go there!
5	I would visit here every time I visited Madison - my husband and I almost went twice in one weekend - we liked it that much (we would have gone again if another movie we hadn't already seen had been playing). We saw THE SIMPSONS MOVIE on opening night. The movie was great (that is for another thread), but what made it even more fun was the Simpsons-themed snacks being sold and the SIMPSONS clips being played while we were waiting for the film to begin. The employees were really nice, too - just like with the restaurant, this place is 'cool' without being pretentious. Get dinner around 6:30 and see a movie at 8 - it's the perfect night. :)
4	Although my boyfriend and I had standing room in the back of the ground floor, we were able to see the Bangles who rocked the house down! The acoustics were clear and I didn't need to crane my neck (even though I'm only 5'3''). Nor were my ears buzzing from the sound being too loud. So kudos galore to the set up of this theatre.The second time I went, the lobby had turned into a place for dancing. This transformed the theatre into an entirely different yet fun atmosphere. I had the best martini of my life, as it was strawberry flavored, actually had fresh pieces of of strawberry in it, sweet, not too strong, and easy to gulp down.
3	Better for movies than for live performances. I saw Ben Folds here a few years back and the acoustics just weren't up to snuff. The seats were old and squeaky, the rugs tattered. Overall the whole place looked like it needed some love.This theater is good for watching movies, and has a lot of old school charm, really the only true old time theater in Madison. Unfortunately, now that the facade of the theater faces a blank, featureless wall that comprises part of the monstrosity that is the Overture Center, the effect of its design is diminished considerably.
5	The Orpheum Theater is fantastic.  In addition to the ornate decor, how great is it that the curtain actually rises when the movie starts??  They have a bar in the lobby, which is nice for relaxing before or after the movie.  They have a nice mix of blockbuster-mega-hits, indie movies, and b-movies.  This is an institution that I hope never goes under.
5	Excellent brunch. One of the best I have ever had. Have been to a couple concerts here and loved every minute. We almost got married here but then they had the fire.I love this place
5	Kate and I recently held our wedding at the Orpheum (ceremony and all) and it was fantastic. The service, the food, the setting were all something special. Hats off to an excellent event coordinator, a helpful bar staff and some very tasty scallops (even if I was too busy to actually eat one).
4	The only place to regularly see movies downtown now, they have an interesting array of independent and mainstream movies in a fun atmosphere- great for a date or a fun start to a night out with friends. Even more importantly, the happy hour is great- delicious and unique martinis for only $5, plus a free buffet of cheese and crackers, mussels, and more- outside on State Street in the summer/fall and inside the interesting theater entryway in the winter...what could be better?
4	I love seeing live music in old theaters like this. I like that its all seating. I didn't mind standing shoulder-to-shoulder with people for three hours at shows when I was in high school, but now I'd much rather sit.On the negative side, I think the stage setup is awkward. It's really high up, like halfway between the floor and the balcony. If you're on the floor, you're looking up the whole time, and if you're in the front of the balcony, you're practically looking at the tops of all the performers heads.
4	LOVE happy hour at the Orpheum.  The martini's are all great (except the Bardot) and cheap (only $5 each at happy hour).  My favorite is the strawberry martini.  The watermelon is great too, but they have run out of watermelon twice . . . so order this one early.  Yummy snacks are also provided.  These usually include cheese & crackers, steamed muscles, fried calamari and/or chicken wings.  YUM!
4	We came for the happy hour, which we'd heard good things about.  You can get rail drinks for $3.00 and they put out a nice spread of snacks - a few types of cheeses, chicken wings, and mussels.  The chicken wings had a really good sweet and sour flavor, and were quite large.  Not much like your usual buffalo wings.  The mussels were very delicious, prepared with parsley, bread crumb, shallots, and wine.  Perfectly cooked too.  Quite impressive for bar snacks.  My only bitch about them was that they were gritty - but hey, it was free, right?  Other complaints1.  Outdoor seating is extremely limited.  We had to sit inside, and it's sort of cavernous and creepy in there2.  The girl who was waiting on us was really awful.  She apparently didn't know the difference between a tonic and coke (she brought us brown drinks and insisted they were gin and tonics), she spilled a drink on me, and she knocked into me while I was walking to the bathroom, spilling some other tables half eaten chicken wings and mussels all over me.  I'm sure she was new, but you really shouldn't hire someone to work at a bar who doesn't know basic things like what coke is and what tonic is.
3	"Do you buy all these books retail or do you send away for, like, a shrink kit that comes with all these volumes included? " - Will, Good Will Hunting.How long has it been since I was in the Orpheum, well I was watching Good Will Hunting, so awhile.   This is less a review and more a memory of the greatness the Orpheum possesses for me.Back when the Orpheum was nothing but a movie theater you could not watch films from the balcony, sure the ushers went up there but regular ticket paying folk were not permitted.   While I never got an official answer the generally gossiped conclusion was that if it was regularly filled with people the old structure would collapse and most likely kill the unsuspecting audience below... lesson 1 in the Orpheum I never intended to sit under or too close to the balcony.This lack of permission did not, however, stop my then bf from insisting that we hop the velvet rope and sit in the balcony.  Making the big desicion to break social norms by crossing that rope is one of my first memories of dong something I was afraid of because I was trying to be a cool teenager.  As a result Good Will Hunting, balcony movies, and the Orpheum remain key developmental memories.
4	I just had my wedding at the Orpheum Theatre. I never imagined that I would get married there until I randomly wandered in after looking at the Overture Center for my wedding and determining it was too stuffy. The Orpheum was such a cool and beautiful venue. I have to say that everything came together perfectly in the end, and I could not have been happier on my big day. That being said, I have to say that the journey was hard. The event coordinator was not a great communicator, and I frankly think it is because he needs an assistant or partner because he is too overloaded. At times, he did not answer our calls when we had pre-scheduled conference calls, did not return calls, or emails. He gave conflicting information on several occasions, including price quotes. I was planning my wedding from out of state, and I did not feel like it was all coming together until approximately the week before my wedding. As a highly organized person, it drove me crazy and made me feel like I lacked all control at times. (I admit this is a personality flaw more than the fault of the venue.) At one point, the coordinator told me that I could have whatever I wanted and then he kept telling me I could not do things I wanted to do or would charge me an arm and a leg to do what I wanted. I felt like he talked out of both sides of his mouth. Our wedding was exactly what I wanted, but I paid for every last tealight candle. I have some of the best memories ever from this unique and wonderful venue, and the coordinator was personally responsible for making my vision happen. The food was fantastic. It all came out hot, at the same time, and cooked perfectly.They pulled off an appetizer that we ripped off from the Tornado Room perfectly. Everyone raved about the food and location. The lighting is a bit tough for photos, and the acoustics are hard for music, but if you are prepared and get professional vendors, it is not a problem. Because the venue is non-traditional, you have to be willing to sacrifice some things to have your wedding here, but it is so worth it. People continue to compliment me for doing something so different and special, and I am so glad I had my wedding there in the end.
4	We love the Orpheum for it's antique atmosphere and grand size but it still need a lot of work.  Many of the seats are broken and need updating and much of the interior needs work.  I know it is nice but it could be a lot lot better with some money and restoration.   Please fix this place up to be what it could be.
5	Few places in Madison are as versatile and, perhaps for that reason, central as the Orpheum Theater is in this city. Its iconic sign imposes the theater's presence on State Street, reminding you that you're walking in to a piece of local history. This is where I came to see the legendary Noam Chomsky give a speech to a full auditorium - one that comes complete with massive red curtains, indoor balconies, and intricate golden carvings. This is the place where I've seen some of the most brilliant indie and foreign films that I never would have known about otherwise. And at $11 for 2 people, this place gives me the best value for my money that I could ever spend on a date.It's wise to start or finish a movie here with a stop at their bar, where the bartender makes some of the best cocktails in town. The whole experience just exudes classiness, without the ridiculous costs that are usually associated with a place like this. The same applies to the restaurant they run at various times throughout the day, and while the food looks excellent, I've never had the opportunity to try it. I hope to fix that soon.
4	I really enjoy the Orpheum theater because of it's rich Madison history and it's importance there!. It is a nice establishment with a warming sense when you go there. I have been here twice for 2 concerts and they were OK. The most recent one was for Rusko which was spectacular. The older-style seats, floor, and stage with a couple of nice modern things thrown in to give it an updated feel. They have a second upper level which is sort of oddly proportioned and designed. It almost goes straight up so that people on the second level can have a view of the stage but it is very steep. So if you are intoxicated, I suggest staying on the first level... Furthermore the bar and drinks here are actually better priced than most concert places... It was $4 for a 16oz PBR which ya... It's PBR but for $4? Can't go wrong! The acoustics are pretty good but could be better because sound doesn't carry well in there for some reason. Also the bathrooms in the basement are absolutely disgusting and for some reason they always allow girls to come into the men's room if the women's is full... I think that is highly inappropriate and there needs to be new management or staff to help solidify that problem. Finally, people who attend this place are extremely rude, intoxicated or not they just flat out are.
3	Beautiful, historic space in a glorious city on a poppin' street.  Was here from Philly for a wedding and boy was it worth the 18 hr drive!  We danced all night! The food was eh, staff was friendly...especially the guy with the curious mustache that danced with the party on his was out ;)
1	It would be nice if they had a working phone number and website. :/ irritating to get any information.
4	Went to see Rusko perform this weekend. Management was relaxed and they didn't overly search you upon entering the establishment.Overall it was a fun time, there is seating in the back (and a pretty decent balcony that I didn't care to explore) - always a plus to have a place to take a break from dancing.Clearly the crowd was bound to be sweaty, and jam packed with people (it's kind of expected when you go to these concerts, shouldn't come as a surprise). One negative point was that a fight broke out between two guys in the middle of the crowd, and there was no security to really stop it (the crowd ended up pulling them apart).
3	Decent place to see a show.  The acoustics seemed to be ok, the seats - well, after taking a look at them you might prefer standing instead.The venue got to be pretty warm - on a spring night, it must have gotten up to about 85-90 inside.  The show we went to wasn't sold out, but it seemed overly crowded down by the stage. Overall I've seen a few shows here over the years, and I try to save this venue for artists I "really" want to see.  If you're coming in from another city, just be prepared to deal with the chotch factor (i.e. dirty hippies and drunken frat boys) and you'll make out a-ok.Also - side tip - there is a parking ramp a few blocks over, and it's only $5.00 to park for a few hours (after business hours).  It was a good deal, not to have to park out on the street.
1	It's too bad such a beautiful, historic building fell into the hands of such terrible people. Eric Fleming extorted myself and my husband for $1500 on a wedding that never happened, and they knew FULL WELL that they wouldn't even have a liquor license at the time that our wedding was supposed to take place (late October 2011, but of course they never told us about that tiny detail) - when we heard inklings that bad stuff was going down, we cancelled even though we hadn't even put a deposit down yet. They harassed us and verbally abused us for the $1500 deposit to be paid to them until we felt we had no choice. They said they were going to sue us. What a bunch of crap - KARMA IS A BITCH!
4	Went to see The Avett Brothers last night, it was a good time.  I stood towards the back of the standing room area and could see the entire show.  My only complaint is that there wasn't a coat check.  In the middle of winter, everyone has a jacket with them, with is pretty inconvenient to either wear or hold for 2+ hours.  I guess I'm just used to having a coat check option at venues in the twin cities, that I didn't think about it.  I wouldn't wear a jacket next time.
3	I went to the Orpheum this past Saturday to see the Avett Bros and damn was the show incredible. The theater is incredibly beautiful and historic. The venue was large enough for my dad and aunt to sit in the balcony with a great view and for my cousins, sisters and I to dance in the FRONT ROW of the pit! My complaint is that there isn't a coat check; we're in Wisconsin people... Regardless, the theater seems to have come into much better hands and I hope to see more shows in the future
4	I hadn't been to the Orpheum in at least 12-13 years. If memory serves me correctly, the last show I saw there was the musical "Rent." I'm glad that not much has changed. The venue is gorgeous and intimate - there's not a bad seat in the place. We saw the Garbage concert here last night and it was truly phenomenal. I'm so glad to have attended.Ticketing, security, drinks - all easy-peasy-lemon-squeezy. 16oz tall-boys were a very reasonable $5. Mixers were a little more pricey, but it's all good. Bathrooms were clean and easy to access.Great place, for sure - I'm going to have to remember to check them for more shows.
4	I've seen a few shows here and always have a good time. Drinks are not absurdly overpriced and I've never had a problem getting as close to the stage as I want. Overall, a solid place to see a show.
4	Coming from Boston, I'm used to amazing music venues with the greatest and best bands.The Orpheum Theater definitely lives up to my expectations. It may not offer the biggest names, but biggest doesn't always equate to best. Due to the smaller venue, the performers usually have something to prove, and end up putting on an amazing show.I've been here a couple of times, from concerts to themed-dance nights, and have had nothing but an amazing time.If you can look past the overly bro-y crowd and sorority-esque girls, and just focus on the music, you will have a great time.
4	I LOVE SITTING AT CONCERTS.I think it's part of the contract of being in my twenties that I'm supposed to enjoy standing in a mosh pit five feet from the stage. 'Cuz everyone likes getting sprayed with the lead singer's sweat, right? Well, I love sitting at concerts and am instantly fond of any venue that has the option to stand up close and personal or sit and soak up some tunes from afar. As Steve said, not a bad seat in the place. One of my favorite venues!
4	Beautiful historic building! This was our first time being at the Orpheum Theater and we were very pleased with our experience. We were there to see a concert that Billy Currington was preforming. Was not sure how it was going to sound but the acoustics sounded great. We were able to sit where ever we liked which was nice. There was also good access to restrooms and the bar :) I would recommend to anyone that loves old historic buildings to go to the Orpheum if they get a change. I have also heard from several people that this is a fabulous wedding venue!
5	Just saw Kip Moore play here what an awesome venue!
4	Come early for concerts to get best seats.  Not sure if it was a one time issue, but we went on a hot night and there wasn't any air conditioning.
4	Madison has 3 fantastic venues, and this is one of them. Have seen some great shows here, and its easy to get right up close, or sit back in the seats. really nice either way.They lose one star for overpriced booze.
3	Came here to see Wanda Sykes yesterday. I do not have a whole lot to say. The weather wasn't too cold out that night but the inside of the theatre was. And our seats were very tight, very little leg room. After sitting for awhile during the show I became very uncomfortable and had to get up and walk around. The bathrooms are downstairs and there was no door to the women's bathroom. Everyone coming down the stairs can see into the sink area.
4	Umphrey's 2,000th show!Not a bad venue at all, the sound was good and the security was cool. They have a place next door making taffy apples but of course we ran late both nights and couldn't grab any.Reasonable parking garage a block away beats crappy Madison street parking.
3	Came here to see Wanda Sykes yesterday. I do not have a whole lot to say. The weather wasn't too cold out that night but the inside of the theatre was. And our seats were very tight, very little leg room. After sitting for awhile during the show I became very uncomfortable and had to get up and walk around. The bathrooms are downstairs and there was no door to the women's bathroom. Everyone coming down the stairs can see into the sink area. The drink prices were very high; a can of basic beer was about $6-7.A speciality drink like a hurricane was $10 each.
5	Counting crows 12/13/14, was an absolutely amazing show!! No bad seat in the house. The closest place to get drinks was a cash only bar, wish it would have been a card bar as well. Overall, great time!!
