5	All this place has is the Best Rotisserie Chicken EVER!  French Montrealers will tell you St.Hubert has the best chicken and less sophisticated English Montrealers will tell you its Cote-St-Luc BBQ - but don't believe them, this is North Americas best.Part of the beauty is the simplicity of the menu, which is pretty much Chicken, potato and slaw. The chicken has a delectable crunchy seasoned skin covering the juicey meat. The sauce/gravy is so good I've often thought about drinking it straight, so be sure to order extra gravy, you'll want to lap it up with the roll towards the end of the meal followed by the wing for desert. This wing is so crispy you can eat the bones.
5	The Yelpers are right and so is my uncle... Chalet is some awesome montreal chicken.  The gravy is fantastic and so are the fries.  I even ate coleslaw, and I don't even like coleslaw!  5 stars for a meal under $10!
5	Best BBQ in town (NDG)area if you love old made bbq taste, you will love this chiken.
5	Best chicken ever!  I take out and sit down in the restaurant.  Mind you, the restaurant is quite dated if you sit down inside, but it's part of the atmosphere!  My favourite BBQ chicken by far, in any City I've been to.This hails over St Hub in my opinion...anybody know Swiss Chalet?  It's similar only better.  They are very efficient in their take out area too, go in the back door for takeout.
4	Our first find on yelp in Montreal.  THANK YOU YELP. Chicken with everything and more of what I read on ratings. Fresh slaw, killer chicken and whoever is reading this . . . get the fries - its worth every calorie!
5	This is definitely the best restaurant in Montreal for rotisserie chicken! The chicken is so tasty, juicy and tender, and their fries are amazing. While the decor is out-dated, you go to this place for the food, not the ambience. After trying their chicken, I'm certain that you will never want to go to St-Hubert's ever again.
5	I clearly do not have to review this resto because everyone already has summed it up, many different ways.Chalet BBQ matches my "Return-Worthy" Criteria: 1) Good Service 2) Good Product/Food 3) Reasonably priced.I've been here a gazillion times with my hubby. The ambiance is so cozy, and the waitresses are so sweet. The fries are absolutely amazing and so is the chicken. The small salad is also quite filling and worth the $2.95.Definitely a gem to try in the NDG area (right @ Decarie / Sherbrook)!
4	Fantastic chicken, fries, gravy and soup. St-Hubert or Swiss Chalet don't hold a candle to this place. Service is brisk but friendly.My only gripe is that for $2 per small glass of fountain soda, a refill ought to be included. It would cost them literally pennies.
5	Hi Guys its Johnny Mou your friendly old time Montrealer now on the West coast here In LA, I dream of the places I used to go to in Montreal and New York as the food industry out here is always  a turnover of styles and fashion . Whatever,,, ,anyways as an old time restauranteur I had a hankering for Chalet Bbq  recently as I used to go there regularily with my family growing up and later on with my ex girlfriends especially the Bells who loved this place. Their chicken is boom the best and better than St Huberts and its like an old style family place. I also used to know the ex chef Mr Zserbynsky as I knew his kids from amateur sports ,anyways later on circa 1980s me and some of the old professional eaters would go there and scoff on basically everything we can order from the limited menu ,we would freak out the lady servers because when your sitting there with Glen and Cliff and Mike D our check averages were like 3 times higher than the average guests ,good times great place,. Anyways I had a hankering for this place and when I do come back to the city 1 day Im going there eveyday,so there.
3	What's the deal ? What's so exciting about this place? Oh my god, just the chicken itself, super moist, perfectly cooked, OK Seasoning. The price! Yeah is very decent. It's pretty much like a home St-Hubert. Like Lafleur home-super-greasy fries. Which is a real.It's kind of not a big deal, but we order from them on Chicken Friday at the Office, Greasy food increase the morale of the troops! Cheap, Ok meal with load of grease! Nice classic
5	The absolute best rotisserie chicken in Montreal. French fries are to die for. Coleslaw is amazing. Leg, breast, wings - all so juicy and flavorful. Don't forget the Hot Chicken sandwich, either. A Montreal landmark.
4	Great 60s atmosphere, good food at really cheap prices. If chicken is what you want then this is the place for you. I don't remember any non chicken foods though.
5	What I wouldn't give to be able to walk in here and order their chicken...it's been about 10 years since I've had that opportunity...I used to fly over here as a kid after picking up comics at Captain Quebec...amazing chicken, amazing fries...great dipping sauce...while they have similar fare to some other bbq joints in Montreal, I still find that there chicken was always superior. If they would freeze and ship to California, I would order!
4	What to say about Chalet Bar-B-Q? It's an old school, very old school chicken joint. Really damn good chicken, really damn good French fries, really damn good cole slaw and damn that Boston cream pie is amazing and they have a pretty big delivery territory which is fine for me. Why order from them? Because it beats all the chicken delivery chains like St-Hubert and others.
4	They simply do barbeque chicken the way it should be done, and most people I know who have commented agree the price is more than fair. Service is also incredibly fast in my experience, despite their often being large crowds. They are clearly honed in the trade of servicing a lot of people quickly and seamlessly. If all that doesn't impress you, well that's really all it is. In essence it is not that different from any bbq chicken joint. As a long time NDGer it will always have a special place in my diet.
4	The chicken is much better than StHuberts.
5	If what you crave is Rotisserie chicken then let me tell you, there is no better place then Chalet Bar-B-Q. Trust me, it takes a lot for me to rate something five stars on Yelp, but this place easily earns the distinction. i've been frequenting Chalet Bar-B-Q since i was a kid, my dad has gone here since he was a young boy, and my grand father went here when it first opened back when, so talk about returning loyal customers. It's also not a franchise, despite many offers over the years, meaning there's only 1 location! The interior of the place is honestly nothing special except for the fact that it hasn't changed much since it opened. Wood-like paneling lines the walls of this diner joint. Funny enough, some of the waitresses still remember me from when I was a little kid. The quarter leg or quarter breast lunch special is really what you want to order off the menu. It comes with your choice of coleslaw or tomato juice. Honest to god, best coleslaw I've ever had anywhere. Then comes the best piece of rotisserie chicken you'll find in a restaurant with a side of their delicious golden fries, a toasted hamburger bun and a gravy that will leave you asking for more. Once you eat here, you'll understand the difference between quality comfort food, and generic mediocre food that you get at St-Hubbert. If you happen to still have room for dessert, I'd recommend the Boston Cream pie, honestly who even serves that in a restaurant in Montreal? The prices are cheap and fair, and be warned that the service is EXCEPTIONALLY quick, that much always stuck with me throughout the years. So if you're from Montreal and have never been or just visiting, find some time and stop by Chalet Bar-B-Q, you won't regret it!
4	Oui! Oui e Oui! As a big fan of Swiss Chalet, I couldn't wait to try this place. During my last day in Montreal, a good friend of ours wanted to take my boyfriend and I out, and with all the choices, I chose Chalet Bar-B-Q. The interior of the restaurant is so charming - dark, woodsy - yeah, like a Swiss Chalet. The waitresses here are even more charming; elder ladies who probably have worked here since the beginning. Our friend indicated that he went here as a young child (and he is an older man) so this place is still going strong.Food. Chicken. Fries (yummmmmmmmmmmmm). Coleslaw. Can't go wrong. And the food is very yummy. I added a full glass of red wine that cost me $2!!!I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves Swiss Chalet, and is craving for some delightful poulet e frites. It's got such a chill and low-key vibe as well - and that heavenly scent of chicken...A HUGE FAN!
5	You never really appreciate how good Chalet is until you come back and realize that the sauce is tasty and thick. The meat comes off the bone so easily. And the fries haven't been sitting there, they are fresh and hot and tasty. Okay, maybe our particular server was lazy, but they work as a team and everyone else served us quickly and well. The decor probably hasn't changed since they opened. And thankfully neither has the food. This is place to come back to, just to remember how good rotisserie chicken can be and how the chains aren't.
5	Ive been going to this place for almost my whole life with my parents and I always took the same thing CHICKEN WINGS! They are so good! So then I went one day with my boyfreind and he forced me to try the chicken..  and so I did and I was hooked! Now I take the chicken wings for appetizers lol , the waitreses are so nice and old school. Its super cheap sometimes we double check to maje sure they didnt make a mistake! Its awesome.
4	I ordered the breast dinner and a coleslaw last night. And it was just amazing. Had it with some red wine, and it was one of the best chicken dinners I ever had. Anytime I want chicken, I'll likely order, or go next time.I'm sold. :)(I live next door on Sherbrooke so it arrived fresh, etc)
5	This is the best chicken in North America, period. I have gotten the same thing since I was able to chew my own food - a half with fries and vinegar cole slaw, dump the gravy on the fries, Pepsi without ice. Peerless.
5	If you like chicken...go here...period... the best ever... and inexpensive for Montreal...more food than we could eat for 25 total...salad/soup 1/4 breast and plate full of fries.. yum yum!Open since 1944 and nothing has changed in this "quaint" place...which is nice in this day and age of constant change.
4	Very nice family-style restaurant with superb chicken.  It's been around for ages and will continue to be a favorite, because they know their audience and are institution in the community.The chicken is perfectly cooked and the fries are hot, but what really stands out is the sauce.  What does it go on?  Everything!  It really is worth going out of your way to give this place a try.
4	I live on the same block as Chalet BBQ so needless to say I have eaten here a few times. The chicken is great, the fries are great, the bbq sauce and bun are great. It's classic rotisserie and it hits all the right spots. The ONLY better BBQ is Benny but losing to Benny BBQ is a very honourable loss. I always do take out and the take out is SUPER quick, order, pay, show your receipt, heres your food. So if you're in a rush, your food is ready quicker here than at McDonalds. Occasionally they forget my utensils which means today I'll be eating with my hands and wiping the grease on my sweat pants (I'm a classy lady). However I witnessed the adorable and sweet moment where the take out lady handed a little boy (who was waiting with his dad) some fries to snack on in the meantime.
4	I returned here with a big group of friends (10 of us) on a Wednesday night. It was better than I remembered. I can't say I'd had a bad experience before, it just hadn't made that much of an impression on me.The decor is kitschy, with a vague Swiss Chalet feel around a classic, no-frills diner with booths and some tables.Our waitress was brilliant, really making an effort to accommodate us by moving tables. She misunderstood an order, but it was no problem. She was cheerful and efficient at all times. In fact, she gets my vote for "Best Server I've Had Occasion To Meet This Year". Her name is Laura. She even told us a very funny joke while we were paying our bills.I had a chicken leg dinner (with fries and cole slaw, a toasted roll and the famous sauce), and it was really good. I washed it down with a bottle of Labatt Blue. (They have Molson Ex on tap.) The chicken beats St Hubert by miles. It is juicy and perfectly cooked, and the fries are soft and slightly sweet. Apparently they're prepared with a 5-step process that includes lots of soaking in water. The cole slaw is crunchy and not too sweet, and you get a big bowl of it instead of a tiny little cup. Personally, I don't like the sauce. It's supposed to be barbecue, but it has a heavy dose of cinnamon in it.At $21, including tax and tip, this is very reasonable, and really worthwhile.
4	Classic BBQ chicken joint open since 1944. Best part is they haven't touched their menu or decor since. Great for family dinners, chicken soup when you're sick, or even just a cup of coffee and a slice of pie. The vintage booths make it all the better. I recommend a quarter chicken meal with a hot bun and fries. You might need an extra gravy if you're smart. There should be no frie left dry. Another tip, ask for some chicken necks. They're salty, delicious, and free. A little tip from my grandfather.
4	I ordered before, and today we came to eat in, and I must say, this is now one of my favorite places in NDG.It's just a chicken diner, but they have the food down, and the prices low. And the service is just amazing, so friendly the whole way through, and what seemed like good long term clientele.We both had soup, breast chicken dinners (w coleslaw, fries, gravy, bread) and half a litre of red wine, and it came to about $38. We loved it. Will definitely be a go to winter spot.
5	I've been eating here since I'm 10 years old. It's really the best chicken you will ever eat. It's like eating St.Hubert on steroids. The chicken skin is crispy and takes like wood charcoal. The meat falls apart. The sauce is awesome, very unique taste. The fries are the BEST fries you'll ever try. The coleslaw is the BEST coleslaw I've ever had. The finish, the carrot cake and pecan cake are to die for.You won't regret it and it's not expensive at all.
3	I just want to update my review to knock off a start for one reason. This does not affect my last 4 star reviews. They both stand and are true. But I have a semi complaint about one dish.I ordered the chicken sandwich one night last week. Since everything was so good, I imagined it was sliced chicken in a nice piece of bread with the lettuce or something. When it arrived, it was just sliced chicken, on its own, between two terrible white squares. When you held it, it just mushed into your hand, and was really disappointing. It just took away from the chicken. So I took all the chicken out and threw out the bread.Considering how everything here is so tasty and good and down to a T, this is a note more to the restaurant that they should invest in getting some better bread with some garnishes for the "sandwich."
1	Womp womp. The first time you serve me an ultra small portion of protein and no utensils I'll call you and let you know that that doesn't fly. I won't be angry with you, but I'll be honest that you'll see people slowly trying out other rotisseries like the one Down the street that charges 30% less. But now for a second time in a row I find myself sitting on my bed with an unacceptably small portion of protein and no take out set of utensils, napkin and salt/pepper and I've essentially paid $10 for a big order of fries. It's really too bad because I really liked chalet BBQ and even though it's on my block I'll now be taking the 10 minute walk to the other rotisserie. Disappointing.
4	Great no nonsense, old fashioned chicken dinner like you mother would have made!  Great chicken soup and the coleslaw was excellent.  Nice to find a family friendly restaurant in this area that won't break the bank.Seat yourself and get ready to chow down
