4	Surprised there are no reviews for this place!I have to lay down my love for this little shop because it was the place where I lost my fried ice cream virginity to what is the most amazing dessert (that isn't melted damnit) on the planet. Fried Ice Cream is a ball of vanilla ice cream covered in crispy batter with Cinnamon and sugar, sat in a giant tostada and covered with chocolate sauce. It is amazing. It is sinful. It is NOT MELTED ICE CREAM. Chips and salsa is not unlimited though it used to be (sorry a lot of Las Vegas restaurants have been having trouble this year I think, a LOT of places closed due to the economy). Lunch is only 7.75 for a choice of like 15 different things. Nothing on the dinner menu is more than 15 except for a 12oz New York Steak. I really like to get Chimichangas here, they are super fried and awful for you but delicious. Full of meat, full of goodness. Great place to go if you are up in the Summerlin area, where real Mexican that hasn't been co-opted by giant Americanizing corporations is few and far in between. It's in a little plaza that can be hard to find, but worth it. It will look like you are going into Vegas's own giant old-people community -- because you are, but make a sharp turn right into the plaza before that happens -- otherwise beware the golf cart!
4	I like this place. We just ate there last night. Yum! I got a burrito enchilada stye (totally key if you want it in red sauce with tons of extra cheese :)) I got a bean and cheese burrito. They don't use lard in their beans for any of you vegetarians out there (vegetable oil they claim) and they were good. My hubby got the guacamole burrito with chicken and really enjoyed it. This place is definitely worthy or a return visit. The staff was nice and service was prompt. Plus, we had dinner for the two of us for $19 prior to tip -- which isn't bad for getting waited on :)
2	Mediocre at best.  My fiance and I ordered our old favorite, chicken fajitas.  The peppers were colorful, but not cooked all the way.  The rice and beans were adequate.The chips and salsa were not homemade.. AT ALL.  The chips looked like they came from a bag and the salsa was definitely from a jar.  No flavor and nothing special.  All in all I have yet to experience good Mexican food out here in Vegas and have had better luck back in NY where I came from.
3	El Burrito should have a much higher rating. It has a few problems though.Most of the staff seem very impressed with themselves (with the exception of one very nice older lady who I have seen mentioned in someone else's review elsewhere) and there's general awkwardness thanks to a few messy situations, such as pre-added mandatory tips when using discounts, coupons etc. The food tastes good (the deluxe bean dip is spectacular!) but the prices are quite outrageous for Las Vegas. $18 bucks for a plate of Nachos when I can get a larger serving elsewhere for almost a quarter of that price and it would have to be stellar food to win me over.Worth a look, particularly if you have a coupon, but there's a bit of a weird vibe to the place.
4	Great food, great service, reasonable prices, easy parking.  Original owner and family since opening in 1992!!!
4	Great fajitas, the service was really nice and the portions were large. It is now my new favorite neighborhood Mexican place. I think if you stick to either fajitas or combinations, you would do well. The food was really high quality and if you order well, should be enough for a couple more meals at home.There were mostly older folks there, which I think explains the weird vibe of the place, but it is definitely worth a shot.
4	My husband and I went for a motorcycle ride.  We ended up in this part of town.  Not normally somewhere where we'd eat...simply because it is so far from our house.We split a platter...one beef and one chicken enchilada with rice, beans, chips and salsa.  Really tasty!  Their chunky, pico de gallo salsa is delicious.  Wasn't a huge fan of their hotter salsa.  Reasonable prices and good service.  It hit the spot for our day ride.If this was closer to us, I'd make it a point of going back there.  Not necessarily good enough to make a 45 minute trek though.
3	Cute little family owned place. Stopped by around 9pm and they were about to close, but still very accommodating to us. Started with the soup and salad, pretty good soup. I've never really had super authentic Mexican food, so I didn't know what to expect.We got nachos to share as an appetizer... you can get half or full size, but since there was 3 of us, we got the full size and added beef. It was HUGE! And delicious. Barely had room for the main course afterwards, but it's okay. I enjoyed it quite a bit.For the main course we had the guac burrito. Also very big, couldn't finish it. But it was pretty good I guess? Don't have much to compare to. Flavor is definitely better than at the chain mexican places, more "real" taste, but very rich and filling.For dessert, which we were too full to have but I needed to try it, was the fried ice cream. Never had fried ice cream before.. so I was excited to try. It was good, but I definitely prefer tempura ice cream from japanese restaurants.Great little place though. Nice friendly service. Food comes out relatively quickly. I would give it 3.5 stars, but sinec i can't I round down since I didn't feel super impressed.
5	As a native of Las Vegas, I can say that El Burrito has the best Mexican food in the valley.  I've been going there for the past 31 years when the original location was on Fremont Street.  I live 30 miles from the location in Summerlin, but it is well worth the drive!!!!!  You won't be disappointed.
3	Large, inexpensive portions of tasty Mexican food? Sign me up!Unfortunately I don't have that much to say about this place because it is what it is; solid Mexican food that really hits the spot once in a while. My only issue was their dessert. The fried ice cream was amazing except for the fact that it was covered in clearly frozen strawberries which ruined everything. Oh well, still solid!
4	This is my current favorite restaurant.  It's family-owned and close to home, which are important factors.  Yes, there is indeed a weird vibe, but I am weird, so perhaps that is why I like it so much.  Excellent chips and salsa, but the star of the show is the Cadillac margarita.  Trust me, I can drink with the best of them, but it takes only half of one of these drinks to get the job done.  Food tastes authentic and homemade.  I highly recommend the guacamole chicken burrito and the chicken machaca.  Shrimp fajitas are also yummy.   It is not cheap to dine at El Burrito, but I love it anyway, as the service and food have both been excellent.
2	I do enjoy going to mom and pop restaurants because you never know what to expect. The Restaurant has a nice view of the mountains when they open their blinds. I experienced one of those beautiful pink and purple sunsets from my seat. The dinner started with chips, salsa and we ordered a side of guacamole . The guacamole was good ....you can tell it was home made! The salsa was also delicious! Then they served me some soup with noodles it tasted like salt water to me. I was hoping my shrimp dish would be something savory but it was more salty then anything .My shrimp was served over a red sauce with some Spanish rice. I could only take a few bites and packed the rest to go. We ended the dinner with some fried ice cream topped with strawberries and chocolate sauce. It was tasty but I think it would have been better if the strawberries were fresh and not in the compote form (syrupy). The environment is cozy but the food was a bit too salty for me .
1	Terrible! I had family in town and they said that their friends wanted to go there. I had never heard of it and was making other suggestions, but the friends insisted they go there all the time, know the owners, food's great, etc.We called ahead because we had a party of 8 and still we waited 15 minutes to be seated. There were dirty glasses of ice water at each place and we could barely get into our seats because the tables were pushed so close together. The chips were stale, unsalted and not homemade and the salsa was unimpressive; one was red and runny with minimal flavor, while the other had huge chunks of stewed tomatoes and a spark of spice. As we were browsing the menu, a waitress came up and asked if we were done with our menus because more people had come in and they didn't have enough...The guacamole was smothered in shredded cheeses and not made at the table, the soup had elbow macaroni and the second round of margaritas came in hot glasses (like they had just come out of the dishwasher). Our meals were disappointing, but we knew they that because there was nothing extraordinary to begin with. The pricing was fair, but the extra 20 minutes it took to get the bill was completely unacceptable. I'll pass next time!
3	It's been awhile since I tried dining at El Burrito Mexican Restaurant, and my memory of the place was pretty accurate.  It was good food, but not the most amazing service.  I can't remember what happened last time, but this time we had a bunch of weird occurrences.  The wait staff kept changing on us, and they were somewhat awkward.   We got the incorrect amount of change.  Nothing major, so I'll give this place 3 stars.  If their service improved, it'd be a solid 4 star.
5	I've been coming to El Burrito since I was in Middle School and it's still one of my favorite homegrown Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.I've never really had a bad experience or bad food at this place because I pretty much stick to three things on the menu because each of those items are so good that I just never decided to branch out and try anything else.The complimentary chips and salsa are always an awesome start to the meal. I usually follow that up with the Noodle Soup. It's pretty salty, but it'll warm you up on a cool night and it tastes great.I usually get one of three entree plates every time I go, which comes with the aforementioned soup.1) Two Chicken Burritos w/ Red Sauce2) Two Tamales3) Carne AsadaEach of the items comes with the typical fixings, rice and beans and whatnot. Each of the items are equally tasty, and if you get the two burrito plate you will DEFINITELY have leftovers!I usually cap the meal off with the sopapillas, which are cinnamon-sugar covered pieces of dough that are absolutely delicious. :) I highly recommend this place, as a loyal customer for most of my life.
5	Amazing food! Authentic real Mexican food! Definitely worth the drive to Summerlin. The staff was very friendly I love that it's family owned they definitely care more than the chain places. My margarita on the rocks was amazing I didn't order top shelf and you don't have to there very smooth and they're definitely not stingy w the alcohol . A must try for Mexican food I had a guacamole burrito enchilada style and their homemade noodle soup w cheese. So good!! I'll definitely keep going back.
5	Great food. Always consistent and quick. Margaritas are nice and strong. Everything homemade (including both salsas.) Not sure how people below can comment on salsas not being fresh - perhaps they are used to salsa being bland? Overall, great mom and pop place.
5	I know the family, they're cool as ice! They're very welcoming, great food, always leave satisfied, very clean, and reasonably priced! Great for a party of 2, or 22, they accommodate always and never have an attitude problem with a request. Every waiter helps out if your water is empty, its filled promptly, as well as other drinks.
5	This is a definite must try if you are craving Mexican food in the area. Everything is quite delicious, and fresh. I love the fact this restaurant is somewhat health conscious (as much as you can with Mexican food.) They actually use Canola oil in replacement of adding lard, as well as offering other dishes off the menu to cater to those wanting something a little different. All meats are of high quality as well as very fresh sauteed vegetables (try the fajitas.) So if you are in the mood for mexican, stop by, check it out and grab a margarita while you are at it. You cannot go wrong here.
1	On my LAST and FINAL trip had bought a groupon and had decided to take my mother there. I had ordered 2 rolled tacos ( al a carte) my mom a chili relleno ( al a carte) both approx $6 each and a chimichanga (al a carte) to go approx $10. The manager /owner was very cold and couldn't  seemed to be bothered. My rolled tacos were average and when he dropped off the plate of a flat chili relleno had not warned my mother how SCOLDING HOT the plate was! When she tried to move her plate closer she actually burned her fingers. I almost didn't believe how hot it was when I touched it myself. What was crazy was the owner/ manager actually heard her say "Ouch" and just looked then just walked away! The relleno was flat and bland my (2) rolled tacos were like "minis" and for the price we were both very disapointed. The chimichanga was for my father to go and when we brought it home for him he actually took about 3 bites and couldn't eat anymore. Said it was pretty disappointing and bland as well.    HERE IS THE KICKER ... The owner/ manager actually had the guts to charge my mom and I a "mandated" gratuity of approx 18%! My husband and I have purchased a couple of groupons for this particular restaurant and had never been charged this before. ALSO looking at the fine print it had said alcohol and gratuity not included. No where did it say there would be an additional charge of over 18%! When I got the bill and it was almost 10$ higher.. I asked him to come back over and what the charge was ? He told me that this was mandatory and had always been charged for groupons. I told him I had never been charged this before and he actually told me I was wrong and should have been charged. As I had bought it on my phone I actually had the fine print right there and had read him where it said alcohol and gratuity not included. He started to argue and be very rude to me as I was asking to see where it said I had to pay this ? ( please don't get me wrong it's not tipping i believe in its over tipping ... Especially as I am in the tipping business myself) then he was very snide and said well ill take it off this time, and that he had to call groupon and make sure that they add it to the fine print when he couldn't "find" when he grabbed my phone and looked as well!  Really ? You're telling and treating a customer like this ? Basically trying to  make me feel like I was crap.. And was doing this right in front of my mother ( she had never been before) when he walked away to adjust the bill my mother was shocked and couldn't believe the audacity of how this owner / manager was treating us! I HAD BEEN A CUSTOMER FOR A WHILE NOW AND OVER LOOKED DECLINING SERVICE AND FOOD AS I LIKE TO PATRON " MOM AND POP PLACES" . FORGET IT ! WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD  MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED. They also had seemed to have had similar experiences and had stopped going to El Burrito as well.  I will NOT BE BACK AND DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE !  THE OWNER / MANAGER IS AWEFUL AND THE FOOD SUCKS NOW! Especially for the prices. Not to mention it was 5 and we were the only two people in there ! DON'T GO!
1	They had some of the worst customer service I have ever seen. After having drinks spilled all over our table, it all went downhill. The food was okay, but even the best food in town couldn't excuse their poor service.
5	I enjoyed the Mom & Pop feel and appreciated the genuine smiles in the staffs face. I'm not a Mexican food expert but I greatly enjoyed my food. Feel free to give them a try.
5	This is hands down the best mexican food ive ever eaten. Ive been a regular at El Burrito in Las Vegas for years . I recently moved to Southern California and have tried dozens of mexican restaurants to replace my El Burrito I miss so much ( its in Vegas only) . Well I have to tell you I  have a whole new appreciation nothing compares!  Not only ai El Burrito delicious homemade Mexican food its high quality mexican food. Believe me when I tell you their meats , guacamole, margaritas everything you can tell the difference from other places. They pick THE BEST! Do yourself a favor and try it. I highly recommend it. Try their homemade noodle soup with cheese.,Fajitas, guacamole burrito enchilada style well really any burrito enchilada style. It is the BEST enchilada sauce. Their margaritas are fabulous they definitely arent stingy with the tequila.  I have a high.appreciationn for this Mexican restaurant now that I have tried so many.other mexican restaurants that fall short ..Do yourself a favor try it.. simply delicious.
5	I love this place and have been going here since I was born! This location hasn't been open that long, but it still has the same food.It makes me sad to see all the negative reviews on this place, it's really not that bad. In the 25 years that I've been coming to this family restaurant, I've never had a problem with their customer service. This location on Del Webb is a little more quiet and they do have a lot of elderly customers, but everything has been nice and the food still comes out on plates hot from the oven. The noodle soup is to die for! Even when it's hot in the summer I still get it because it is so unique.. It's whole wheat macaroni noodles, vegetables, and cilantro in some special kind of broth that I can't figure out. My mom wants to work here just so she can find out the recipe.Over the years, I've never really deviated from my usual, which is either a cheese enchilada or a guacamole burrito (chicken), usually the lunch special if I can make it here during lunch because it comes with soup or salad and a fountain beverage!!! My parents really enjoy the green chile burritos, but I don't like green chile in general so I can't comment on that. I've also never had their appetizers because I usually fill up on the chips and salsa and the soup.If you're in the mood for an alcoholic beverage, try the Midori margarita! I'm not sure if it's on the menu, but it's really good... And in my opinion, the bartender that is usually there is very cute and nice. I didn't factor that into my rating!!!El burrito isn't THE most authentic place (everyone has their own opinions on what's authentic), but I'm Mexican and I still like this place. The only con that I can think of is the hours (doesn't open until noon on Sunday so no breakfast, though they do serve breakfast items) and the chips aren't those greasy fresh hot from the fryer ones that some other restaurants serve. That's okay with me because they are still good. You have to ask for the hot salsa because I guess they are used to catering to people who don't like spicy...and sure the prices have gone up, but so has the cost of food to make the items. Believe me or don't believe me, but I will be going to this place until it closes or I die.
5	So this is a family restaurant that has been in Las Vegas since 1969 and has some food options that can't be found anywhere else in Las Vegas. The nameless, homemade noodle soup with cheese is out of this world. The salsa is homemade and they have two options, one that is hot and one that is more of a chunky salsa, the chips are also homemade and delicious. They also offer lots of different options, with mix and match dinner entrees as well.Bottom line, you will never satisfy everyone on any aspect but I support family run and small businesses not to mention Las Vegas locals.The margaritas also are hand poured and are divine. So try it, trust me, you will like it!
1	In a nut shell:  the food is decent, but, it's the spotty service that prevents us from EVER returning.  We've given this place so many chances for our business, since 1997, as it's so close to our house, but the service sucks. The owner's son does not have his head and heart in the business, and he sure likes to BS with his favorite customers and neglects and is forgetful of his other customers. About a month ago, (our last and final visit), we sat and waited for  someone to take our order, 3 servers passed our table, including the owner's son, then he went to his friend's table and proceeded to hug them and BS with them while we waited. Based on our previous experiences, we knew we were going to have a bad service meal, and so, we just got up and left. We decided  to go to Pin Keow (Thai), and once seated, within 30 seconds, we were giving our order. What a difference !!!Adios, El Burrito, we'll never dine with you, ever again !!!!!
4	I have been eating El Burrito since it was on Decatur, when we were all super young. That soup is soooo good. The macaroni soup. I used to ask the lady in the old restaurant for the recipe EVERY time. She was so nice, but not nice enough to hand it over. I found that several friends and family have tried to replicate, and fail. Myself, included. I also enjoy there chicken tacos. They wind up become a salad, for me, and that's cool. The cheese enchiladas are super yum. I always get the same things. But the soup? Always. And the staff? We adore the two young men that host and help out. They know there stuff. The only problem I've ever had is that the little space gets so packed! Well, it's my problem for going at prime hours, I supoose. These people can't help it if they freakin love the food! So just get it to go. I will, forever love this place, and if they ever decide to close, please giv me the recipe for the soup. Please.
2	This Mexican place is located on and/or near a golf course...? Possibly a retirement community? That is the clientele for sure. It is kind of like a diner in a Midwest town that attracts the olds to have coffee and eat really bland Mexican food at "that one thar Mex-ee-can" place.The tables have no hot sauce on them. HUH?The menu does not feature burritos. HUH?I had an a la carte chicken burrito that didn't come with ANYTHING. No salsa. No sour cream. No guac. HUH? I mean, I get that I ordered it a la carte, but not even a dollop of sour cream? Makes you go hmmm. The chicken was sub-standard and didn't have much of a sauce in it. As I sat there eating it I was envisioning a Chipotle burrito I could have gotten for a dollar less and it would have been a thousand times better.Maybe I should have ordered something different, but for a place called "El Burrito" I was shocked there was not a plethora of burritos to choose from.I say go to Chipotle over this place if you want EL BURRITO. PS - While I was there the US Foodservice truck pulled up and made a delivery. I knew this because he had an employee fill out a form and I watched him get in his truck and drive away. US FOODS you GUYZ. YIKESES.
5	Just came here on a date night and I must say, DELICIOUS. Between the homemade soups, Chicken fajitas (they're to DIE for) and the fresh guacamole, I will absolutely be here again and again and again. My boyfriend was happy as they had plenty of protein rich foods for him to choose from (not easy to find usually). Service was consistent and made me feel at home; unfortunately I was too full for dessert, but the table next to me had a friend ice cream and I couldn't stop staring. I'm walking out now feeling as content as ever.
5	This is my sbsolute favorite restaurant!  Their chips and salsa is incredible. I recommend requesting the smooth salsa and mixing it with their ranch. The salad and soup are both crazy good. I have never had anything that I did not love at this restraunt.
5	Just came here after a 10 day all inclusive vacation in Mexico where I was deprived of good Mexican food. I was hoping el burrito would live up to my expectations of delicious enchiladas, nachos, quesadillas and fajitas. I am STUNNED at how delicious my meal was. The group got nachos and a chicken quesadilla to start, then I shared chicken and steak fajitas along with the enchilada plate that comes with rice and beans. It also comes with a soup or salad, and I got the homemade noodle soup. I have never been so pleased with a meal... After getting mediocre Mexican food and coming here I absolutely refuse to go anywhere else.
5	First and foremost, the food was great.  It really was authentic Mexican cuisine.  And you can tell that they use fresh high quality ingredients.  You can't make good food without good ingredients, no matter what the recipe.  I love they way they prepare their carnitas!  I love their fresh chips too.The service was great.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  I'll be back for sure.
1	I frequent El Burrito because I love the food they serve, however, after time after time of HORRIBLE service I refuse to go back. Every single time I've been to This restaurant it takes a minimum of 15-20 minutes for anyone to take our order, and usually there's only 1 other table occupied in the restaurant. I once waited 45 minutes to receive my check while a waitress sat down at a table and decided to watch American idol auditions. The last straw? I went last week, left a tip on my card. And I just looked on my bank account, they added an extra 2 cents on to my tip. I specifically left a total of $30.00 and it was very legible , no room for question. And they had the nerve to add extra money? Absolutely ridiculous. This place should be shut down. I once heard the owner yelling at the cooks in the back saying he wasn't going to pay them that day. This place is a joke.
2	We use to go in all the time, and just put up with the bad service cause the food was ok and this place was close. I don't know if the guy with the bad fake hair is the owner or what but he always seems to wait on us. But he has the most miserable attitude I've ever seen! He just seems like he'd rather be somewhere far away. He takes our order and when he drops off either a drink or the food we always say 'thank you' but he NEVER responds with the 'you're welcome" its just a 'uh huh" really? That's the best you can do? We're your only customers right now and you make us feel like we're a bother to you? The food itself is just ok, I do like the rice however, the chili rellanos are my preferred choice when we eat there, we've had other servers wait on us and they seem to be pleasant, far more than THAT guy....... We were going in on a regular basis but one time we had the worst service you can imagine, from the food on down, so we didn't go back for years and recently started going back. Not very often but from time to time and "bad hair guy seems to have the same crappy pissed off I hate being here attitude" . I'm really surprised they've stayed open as long as they have due to the little business they have,  every time we've gone in the most we've seen is MAYBE 5 tables at one time , the service was a 2 star at most the food was 4 stars but that's it... it never changes..I think we'll have to take a break from this place for a while and see if things get better... there are better places than El Burrito, it's just nice cause it's close...
4	First time here....came in for early dinner on a Friday night.  Seated right away. Chips and salsa were delivered right away. Got drinks ordered and food shortly thereafter. Had #7 two cheese enchiladas. Came with choice of soup or salad.  Had salad with ranch. Good portion size and good salad. The cheese enchiladas were good but a little bland with flavor. I just used some salsa with it to flavor it up. The salsa was chunky and had good flavor too. Con: the building is old and kinda smells that way. Not sure if it's the building or all the old people. This restaurant sits at the edge of Del Webb retirement community.
5	My husband and I are regulars here.  The host told us he see us more than his parents !  Everything we order is delicious. Chips are fresh and we ask for the habenero salsa !!!  So hot !!!  Love it. Francesca  is a GREAT server! She is so attentive . We  also must mention Nancy who is just a total sweetheart !  She is a wonderful server too. This is a hidden treasure ! Lunch is really good too. Check it out !
1	This place is going down the drain. Sad. Great food but service has went down the drain. Won't be back!!
1	Possibly the worst mexican place ever. There is a charge for chips after the first bowl. Menu is overpriced. The waitress parks her car right in front. The bus boy parks his motorcycle on the sidewalk next to the windows. The atmosphere is gloomy and outdated. There will not be another visit.
3	I used to eat at this restaurant when it was on Decatur and have always been fond of it.  Now that it's in Sun City Summerlin it's a little pricey for lunch, but the food is good.  The crowd is a lot of seniors so it's not a party place and it's American Mexican food but the food quality, portions, service and drinks are all good.  Friendly ambiance too.
5	Tonight we had fish taco's. They were wonderful !  Lots of avocado inside 2 corn tortilla's with cilantro and green onions ! Very yummy !  Husband had a big margarita. This place has a nice welcoming feel to it !  Francesca is a wonderful waitress.  We love the salsa's too !
