5	Quick story to explain my extreme pleasure with this location. My gf has to get something from my car in the morning, but forgets to bring my keys back to the house. Running late for work, she jumps in her car and goes. This just so happens to be on the day my parents are visiting and I am to pick them up at the airport. She is at work and I am unable to reach her. I go on a frantic search throughout the house, around my complex and knocking on neighbors' doors hoping someone has seen or picked my keys up. About an hour to go until the flight lands and I'm stuck with a car that I can't use. Do I send a taxi, a shuttle? Then I think Enterprise! "We'll pick you up." I frantically make a call, and I am told they can get me in about an hour. I explain my situation and am told not to worry, they'll get me ASAP. 10 minutes! I was shocked at how quickly they came to my rescue. Their service was unbelievable. I was brought back to the office, filled out the necessary paperwork and was out the door within 5 minutes. I get to Sky Harbor's cellphone lot and park as my mother calls to say they have arrived. Timing was immpeccable! I owe a special thanks to the team working the office that day. It was my parents first visit since I moved out west, and the Enterprise team made sure it ran smoothly. Thank you guys over and over again. I'm not sure if I should name names, but I hope you get the raises and bonuses you deserve for going above and beyond.
5	There are few business that make me want to just go get their product because if how wonderful they are ... This enterprise location is one of them.  I drive a relatively newer car so renting is optional but I love the employees, the manager Jack is always I it!  Love the ease of renting and charges are always what they say.And sometimes I'm even upgraded at no charge.  Even though they are a busy branch I always get taken care of...picked up and dropped off from home and made to feel like my business matters! Give Jack a raise as well as the other guys!!! Online reservation a always followed up with phone call confirmation!!! Love it!!
4	Great service! Really personable dudes working behind the counter! Jack and I can't remember the other one's name but he looks a little bit like James Marsden. Anyway, I guess my complaint is more for Enterprise than for this particular branch. I was rented a car that seemed mechanically disadvantaged. The other associate (not Jack) warned me that the car would not be comfortable. That's fair. But I felt like the car was going to break down. I was in town for a busy wedding weekend so there was no time for me to exchange the car at the airport like one of the other associates told me when I called Saturday morning after picking up the rental on Friday. On top of that, the car hadn't been fully cleaned and smelled like someone had smoked in it before I rented it. Again, didn't have time to exchange it after I realized that it wasn't just me-- my mom could smell it and see it, too.I felt the 5% off coupon for next time as an apology for the experience with the car was kind of cheap. I am trying not to be ungrateful for being offered anything at all, but I thought they would have comped one of my rental days, or offered me a free upgrade for my next rental, or something. 5% off of a $40 rental is $2... not really what I expected from Enterprise.Despite the car itself being junky, the service was great. My mom always uses this Enterprise and she has always felt taken care of by the staff. Nice guys, would rent again!
1	It's the same problem as the other interprise location!! They're don't put auto registration in the glove compartment! Got a ticket one time and by law, you must have rental registration, Having the rental contract does not matter, and got the ticket but interprise paid for fine, now this location does the same thing, Beware, make sure your REGISTRATION IS IN THE GLOVE COMPARTMENT or you will get fined even if accident is not your fault, but if you get a ticket, rental company will cover if registration is not in car!!
1	Just had a horrible experience at this location. I RESERVED a car with a noon pickup time. Walked in around 12:08 and was greeted with a dirty look by the tired grumpy girl behind the counter. A few minutes later another guy walks in and says "you realize we close at noon, right?" No. I didn't know that. If you close at noon, why do you have noon pick up times?? So we show him our reservation and he states he doesn't have any cars. Ummmm. But I made a reservation. Isn't that the point of a reservation? Just stupid. Just ridiculous, very poor customer service at this place. Thanks for nothing.
