1	Here's how it is at this Mc Donald's:You want to wash your hands before you eat, so you go in the rest room & do so.  Then, there is no paper towel dispenser, only those blowers, so you push the button with your elbow & then wipe your hands on your clothes when it stops.  Never mind that, you say, I'll dry my hands with a handful of ass gaskets...  Nope.  They don't have those in public bathrooms in Arizona!  (ALL public restaurants in other states have them!)  Now the door only opens IN to get out of the rest room, & it certainly has more germs on the handle than your hands had when you came in, so now what?  No problem.  There's a button for the handicapped to push to make the door open, so you push IT with your germy elbow that you used to start the blower.  Woe, nothing happens, because the button doesn't work.  Fine, you get some toilet paper to open the door with.  Nope.  It's run out.  Fine, you decide to use the side of your left hand & try not to forget & let it come in contact with anything while you're eating.  Then when you get home, after washing your hands & your elbow, you use both hands to raise hell right here about this piece-of-crap Mc Donald's.    :-OWe deserve better than this, even at Mc Donalds!
2	Well, it's been 8 months since I gave this McDonalds a try & they got 1 Star, partly for the blowers only in the bathroom, with no paper towels & even no ass gaskets to dry your hands on & pull the door open with to get out.Today, the above situation is still the same, & although there is a button to push for handicapped people that is supposed to open the door, it is still broken too!The dining room was clean & comfortable, & I ordered an Angus Bacon & Cheese Burger Combo, upgrading the drink to a medium chocolate shake.  The burger was quite good after I added some ketchup to moisten it up.  The fries tasted as if they had been sitting out for a long time, & the shake was rather runny & only ok in taste.#13 Angus Bacon & Cheese Combo w/medium shake $7.49This place is no Smashburger!!
1	old hard fries. stale bread on cheesburgers.  will never be back to this location.
1	Stopped by the drive through to get lunch for me and the hubby. First off, the girl on the speaker was super hard to understand. Not because of the speaker, but because of her accent. If you're going to put someone on drive through orders, make sure the people in line can decipher what they're saying.Second, this place has two drive through lanes. Everyone knows it's supposed to go one lane at a time for ordering. The lane next to me had three cars go through before my order even got taken. Third, my order got punched in wrong. When I got to the window to pay, the girl read off my order AS SHE SWIPED MY CARD. So basically I'm stuck with whatever they want to give me at that point. I ordered a nugget combo meal and a chicken club combo meal. When I told the girl the sandwich was wrong (they had a quarter pounder on there), she called back to someone to have it corrected and told me they would give it to me at the next window.I get to the window and the guy there is basically throwing my food and drinks at me. I asked him if there was a chicken sandwich in the bag and he said yes. Lesson learned - always check the bag. I open it up and find a quarter pounder with bacon - no cheese. Definitely NOT what I ordered. Not to mention that each of my drinks had three (yes, three) cups attached to each other. Maybe if the guy hadn't been throwing my food at me he would have taken the time to only give me one cup. That ought to throw their drink count off tonight.Will not be back.
4	Stopped in the drive through after DBacks Fan Fest to grab a light bite and a drink on the way home. Got a Buffalo Spicy McChicken Sandwich and a large Coke Zero from the Dollar Menu and got in and out rather fast. Newly remodeled, this location looks much better than it did before. The ONLY drawback I had was trying to get back out onto the street to catch the freeway, as traffic from Fan Fest was impossible, but someone was kind enough to let me out. That was cool by me.
4	It's McDonald's.  What do you really expect. I work nearby so it's convenient when I run out of leftovers to bring for lunch. They never messed up my order and it seems well organized. The only time I really had a bit of a wait in the drive-thru was when the person in front of me paid entirely with change. And that's not McDonald's fault.  I only gave 4 stars because let's face it, it's gross fast food. It'll get you by in a jam, but eating here on the regular is not something I can recommend.
5	Very nice inside for a fast food joint, especially in this neighborhood. The pay area for children is awesome, clean and looks brand new. Brought my niece here after picking her up from day care. They even have some electronic screens that have games on them. Which is great cause kids these days are use to passing with touch screens. As far as food well I'm sure you have been to a McDonald's before so nothing new there. Definitely stop by if your kids need some pay time and get their fix of nuggets. I got my niece the 4pc nuggets with chocolate milk and apple slices. I like that McDonald's has these kids size frys that chive with it so they get some fries but don't have to worry about them eating too many.
