3	It's old.  It's tired.  The Embassy Suites here on North 44th hasn't changed much in the last several years.  But it's the only place we baseball fans prefer to stay.Sure, we could stay at the Marriott and carouse with the baseball players, but it's too expensive over there and it's not our style.  The Embassy Suites has breakfast made to order in the morning, and free cocktails at night.  And a suite so that we can invite others to stay with us.  And the location is perfect:  10 minutes away from the airport, 10 minutes from two baseball fields (Phoenix Muni and Scottsdale), and two minutes from a major shopping center.And they finally got their internet to work.  So I don't mind a few maintenance problems, no hair dryer in the bathroom, etc.  This'll do just fine.
2	I have difficulty sleeping in hotels if there is noise coming from vending machines, ice machines, noisy neighbors, parties... So, I add a request for a quiet room to my reservation in the comments section.  I guess I forgot to mention street noise on this reservation.  Rooms facing 44th Street get considerable street noise all night.  And, o.k., I get it... we're trying to go green (everyone applaud).  This hotel does not allow you to control heat vs. air conditioning.  Yes, you can set the thermostat, WHEN THE SYSTEM IS TURNED ON, BUT...  When the outside temps are above 70, they turn on A/C.  When they are below 55, they turn on the heat.  When they are in between, everything is shut off.  Can't even get a fan to recirculate the air in the room.  It would be nice to be able to decide for myself whether I need heat or air conditioning, or turn on the fan to circulate air and get some white noise to cover the street noise.  I won't be back.  There are plenty of other choices in the area.
2	This place is really showing it's age.  The carpet has stains in it, the AC works 24/7 to keep the living room area at 72, the bedroom never cooled below 82.  Breakfast is good, and who could complain about free booze.  Two times I had to wait over 30 mins for the van to pick me up at the metro.  One of the times, they went right past me at the meeting point.  After speaking with the manager, he refuned me 1 night out of 5 for my troubles of having to sleep on the couch 2 nights.But I wish I stayed at the Double Tree.
2	I recently had a work event scheduled at the Embassy Suites on 44th street, and unfortunately I was not 100% pleased with the experience. I first of all will say that the hotel itself is very nice, pretty, nice courtyard in the center, and the event room was set up well and clean. However the service was lacking quite a bit. First, when I got there I was the first to arrive out of my group, my event coordinator didn't get in that early and was not there to greet me or show me around, nor did anyone else bother to show me to the event room or how to get where I was going. I take that back, the girl at the front desk handed me a map and pointed me in a somewhat vague direction that didn't help much. I was told I would have easy access to the room to unload my car at, well without any employees to show me the access door I had to hoof my boxes from the parking lot around the building the long way. I did not find that back door until long after the seminar started. The room we were scheduled in was changed last minute for some reason, I believe  it has something to do with the final head count that we gave them. The room we ultimately in was a bit cramped for the number of attendees we had. I had to introduce myself to the catering manager and chef. No one came in to remove the places and trash from breakfast until almost 11 a.m. nor did they check on us. The boxed lunches weren't made right, only upsetting a few clients, but still.... I had to pop into the kitchen myself a few times and track someone down to help me. With the amount of money we were paying, it should have been perfect. For a cheap continental breakfast and a mediocor box lunch it was about $40 per head, kind of a lot. Over all my seminar went well at the hotel, but there were some behind the scenes issues that I really wish I did not have to deal with throughout the day. I wouldn't not recommend this hotel for you event, just make sure to cover everything prior to your event. Such as on sight contact, exactly how the food will be prepared, appropriate signage and whatnot. **I have not spend a night at this hotel so this review should not reflect on making overnight reservations.
4	The layout of the hotel is circular with the pool in the middle and the doors facing out. Hotel is clean and modern. Typical Embassy Suites with the bedroom and separate living room and little kitchenette. The front desk was really helpful with getting multiple rooms situated as well as with providing shuttles to and from restaurants as well as super early airport runs for the 6am flights. Been coming here for a few years for Spring Training. The Managers Reception in the evening from 5-7pm has definitely been cut back compared to previous years. Now its just chips, cheese, and some veggies and ranch plus limited selection of beer and wine. In the past we used to be able to pretty much fill up there with wings, popcorn, cookies, chicken fingers, beef skewers, etc. Alas, the economy has hit everyone...
