3	Always looking for new places to dine, I found myself here after running some errands in the area.  It was recommended plus I wanted something quick and easy.It was mid-week at about 6:30ish at night.  The place was not busy at all.  We were greeted right away by the hostess who seated us quickly at the table of our choice.To start I shared the soft pretzel bread which comes with mustard but the waiter suggested we also get the melted brie to dip it in.  We decided what the heck because we didn't know at the time that it was an $8 bowl of cheese.  Anyway, the pretzel break was ok at best as you could clearly tell that it had been previously frozen and recently thawed out upon our order of it.For an entree I ordered the burger (bun-less of course because I had the pretzel bread) with cheese, sauteed onions and mushrooms.  Our orders took a while to arrive which I guess was good because it could have meant that our meals were prepared fresh.My burger was excellent.  It was cooked properly, was juicy and had plenty of onions and mushrooms on top.  The most interesting part was that it was a rectangular burger.  I don't know if that is good or bad or if it made it taste any better, but it is unique nonetheless. I was a bit surprised at the bill when we were charged for the cheese for the pretzel bread which we were led to believe was included.  It also seemed like we were charged an over-the-top amount for each burger topping and for subbing out the fries for a side salad.  I still have no idea why it was over $70 for 3 people including tip for dinner at a bar/grill.  The burger was very good though...not $15 good, but very good.
4	After my first visit I wasn't sure I would be back.  However, we were in the area and decided to give it another shot.  We were in the mood for a good burger so what the heck.Back in August when we went the place was dead.  There were only like 10 other people in the entire place.  This time however the place was jam packed...both inside and out.  I'm guessing its the snowbirds but I don't know.  We went on a Wednesday and I guess that is the day when they have live music on the patio for a few hours.  They also have some decent drink and appetizer specials if you are interested.The weather was excellent and the band sounded good so our party of 5 took a table outside.  We shared some chips and salsa, got a few burgers and salads, and listened to the band.  It looks like the same band is there every Wednesday for the rest of the season.  They are an excellent cover band and play some good stuff.The first time we went here the service was a bit slow.  I thought for sure it would be horrible this time because there were tons more people, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  They had ample wait staff and everything was pretty quick.I will definitely come again preferably on a Wednesday.
4	My family has met on several occasions at this cafe. It is part of the Grayhawk Golf Club. It is not super busy, which we prefer. What we like is there is always this big table with a gorgeous view of the golf course and Pinnacle Peak Mtn. Our waiter was a nice young man with a good sense of humor, which is needed with our sarcasm. The menu is typical light standard American sandwiches and wraps and salads (lunch). I had the turkey wrap which was okay. We all had desserts which we all remarked were more choices than we usually get at a more formal dining experience. Definitely have the melted cchip cookie with a scoop of vanilla--I would drive there just to have that again! The staff was very courteous too. The prices were reasonable. The bathrooms are also for the golfers so there are some amenities like hairspray, etc. if you need it. I think this place is a great secret in the chaos of Scottsdale. I even like the entry way area while waiting to meet the group.Photo Op:When you get done, venture out to the patio--if you aren't seated there already and walk around the lake they have there. The kids loved seeing the ducks and catfish in the lake which come right up to you. And the golfers on a cart driving by stopped their cart, and took a picture with our cameras of the whole family--now that is friendly! Beautiful desert backdrop for locals or visitors.
4	My two raves about this restaurant are ...~ The spectacular view - you MUST sit on the patio!  The fireplace there kept us nicely warmed on a cold night the first week of March.~ The wine list, which includes some unexpected delights.  I tried the Field Recordings "Fiction", a small batch handmade red that was delicious and affordably priced.  I would return for another glass of that wine, which is sold out from the vintner.I was in a social situation where my menu choices had to follow the lead of my hosts, so I wasn't able to sample the dishes I would normally have tried, but the standard American fare we had was good, if uninspired, especially the chowder.Service was acceptable, but not stellar.
4	When dining here you must sit on the patio that overlooks the 18th green. It is absolutely picturesque. To start your meal have the Navajo corn chowder. It has a little kick to it but it's extremely tasty. For an entree the Sonoran Chicken Pasta or the Southwestern Chicken Wrap are my personal favorites.
4	Same menu as Phil's Grill but you can reserve a table on this side. Food is wonderful and service is great. Love the daily soup special. Try the wings but ask for them to be a little on the crispy side. The ribs are wonderful and they give you a lot. If you order the fries as an order be prepared to share with everyone in the restaurant. They give you enough for an army. Sunday night is half price wine and $5.00 burgers. Get there early as they pack them in.
5	Love the pastrami on pretzel bread with brie cheese. Next favorite is the steak sandwich.
4	Just recently relocated to the area, thought we would go have a glass of wine someplace local. We sat on the patio, great view on the golf course. I went with the house white which was my fav-pinot gregio $8 a glass which is to be expected for the area. Pleasantly surprised. Hubby went for the bargain brew - PBR 24oz $3 what a deal and he thinks it's old school fun. All in all we will for sure return and ck out the music on wed nights.
4	Part of the Grayhawk Golf Club, this restaurant is one of my favorites based on the view and atmosphere alone.  It's a beautiful setting!  In multiple visits, the food generally does not disappoint, though I have seen some inconsistency which is the main reason I cannot give 5-stars.  For example, for my last visit there I had a thick pork chop that was very nicely seasoned and cooked (great!), but the side of mashed potatoes in a bowl was just dead cold.  I had to send it back, which the server handled nicely and I ended up with a nice hot serving to finish the meal.The one "can't miss" item you have to order here is the Navajo Corn Chowder - it is really good!
2	Came at night so can't account for the view.  Food was ok.  Nothing amazing.  Typical club type food.  My mom had the chicken pot pie which was probably the best thing so far - it was very wide in a shallow bowl so deceivingly big looking.  But it was good.  Otherwise, it took so darn long for the food that it was definitely not worth it though.
2	I have been a fan of Grayhawk's Quill Creek Cafe since it's inception....although they have the best corn chowder in the world...an ambience that cannot be beat...I must sadly say this restaurant is no longer on my list. We ate there twice last week. We took our friends for dinner, we all had salmon and trout. It was okay, not what I would expect from them. We went back for lunch 2 days later. So sad. Our food was obviously of very low quality. And the service was worse. I had the Grayhawk  salad , a Houston's Peanut Chicken salad wanna-be. It had thinly sliced processed chicken, dried up veggies, and a severely bland peanut sauce. I just quit eating. The waiter came to pick up our plates, and even though he didn't ask how our meal was, I expressed how terrible the salad was. He shrugged his shoulders, 'Sorry, it's one of our best salads'. Okay. Next.
5	Love this place and eat here often, you have to try the stuffed chicken with poblano mac and cheese! amazing
4	Was taken here on a date for dinner.and the ambiance is beautiful. Since it was a nice night out, we chose to sit out on the patio (heat lamps are always a plus). I really wish they had lights on the course, so you had somewhat of a pretty view when eating dinner, im sure this would be a great place to have dinner during the sunset. I hate the corn chowder as an appetizer, and it was PHENOMENAL. Being that my date was a scottsdale resident, thats what he stated was the best on the menu. I also got one of their wraps, it was a crispy chicken wrap with honey mustard, bacon, lettuce and wrapped in a spinach wrap (if I'm remembering correctly) . I wasnt 100% satisfied with my meal, to be honest with you. The chicken was a little dry, the bacon and cheddar were lacking, but the honey mustard sauce and the spinach wrap were great! I wish I would of tried the new menu that the server told me about. darn. but if youre a golfer and you come by this course, i would check it out. Take the recommendations given by the servers though. They know what they are talking about.
1	We had reservations for a birthday luncheon at this restaurant today. There were 9 people and they gave us one bill and we had to figure out what everyone owed. Of course they included the 18per cent tip . What a fiasco to try to figure out tax tip ect. We won't go back as this was such a hassle for us when all they had to do was give everyone their own bill. They said it ties up the cash register to long. Well they aren't even that busy to have it be a problem for them. Poor way to run a restaurant business. They just lost 9 customers but I'm quite sure they don't care.
5	Chef Jeff does an amazing and consistent job!  Enjoy each visit and look forward to every meal. Atmosphere is fun with beautiful views. Great place to take visitors.
