3	I was very disappointed about our lunch at Sweet Peppers Deli. First complaint, they won't let you order water, you have to buy bottled water. Not cool! Also, I figured they'd have lunch specials but they didn't. What's on the menu is all you get! To me, the prices seemed high, especially if you want to go out for lunch while at work. I like to be able to get a decent sandwich or burger, side, and a drink for arounr six bucks. That ain't gonna happen here. On average I'd say you're looking at about eight dollars. They also don't have fries! What's up with that! The sides are chips, cole slaw, and I think potato salad.   The positives! They sandwich selection is large and has alot of basic deli favorites. They also have alot of salads and some soups. We had taco salads on the day I went and I have one HUGE complaint...if you're gonna sell a taco salad, serve it in a traditional tortilla shell!!! The salad cam on a plate with six chips staning around the edges of the salad. There were also crumbled chips on the bottom of the salad. I didn't like that either. The chili on the salad wad very good and so was the salsa that came with the salad. They were both very big which the should've been for 6.99.  You order at the counter, but once you sit down, a waitress fills your drinks and assists you. On this day, ours was not the best server I have ever had.  Overall, this isn't my kind of place. In these economic times I like to get the most bang for my buck and I feel that was not the case here at Sweet Peppers. The portion sizes at the other tables I could see, and it was kinda crowded, were not very big and like I said the prices for all the sandwiches were pretty high. The food was good, not great so try it at your own risk. .
2	I wasn't too impressed with Sweet Peppers.  I ordered a bbq shrimp wrap and the shrimp were those little salad shrimp which almost don't qualify as shrimp.  It  was still reasonably tasty, but there was no bbq flavor whatsoever.  I'm not sure why that is even in the item description.The other food we ordered was equally unimpressive, unfortunately.  There are certainly worse places out there, but I don't think I will go back.
4	I liked it.  Ate outside on the patio. Ordered at the counter, large assortment of sandwiches, delivered promptly to the table. Always drink water with lemon.  I'm sure if memory serves I was given water with lemon not bottled water.  Have eaten there twice and had a great sandwich each time.
2	Two words to remember about Sweet Peppers Deli: potato salad. Oh. Gracious. The potato salad. It is not like most potato salads. It is the elite emperor of potato salads. A sour cream base with a wee bit of mayonnaise tang lightly coats the sliced potatoes. There's bits of bacon in it, which obviously makes it better. It completely overshadows everything else Sweet Peppers offers. So much so, It should be its own category on the menu. Instead, it is blasphemously relegated to tiny mentions among the comparatively subpar sides. If, for some reason, diving into a vat of potato salad isn't appealing*, the menu is large, though unvaried in ingredients. Unfortunately, many of the options sampled have been no better than average. After several visits, entree favorites only consist of the Southwest Wrap and the rotating soups of the day.Considering the size of the menu and the number of items sampled, it appears that much of the business at Sweet Peppers may be attributed to the prime location in Baxter Village, and the level of service that is offered by employees. Though it is a chain with locations primarily in Alabama and Mississippi, the Sweet Peppers Deli in Fort Mill, South Carolina has a staff who offer superior personal service. Or maybe it is just the potato salad that draws the crowds. *Reconsider. Sweet Peppers Deli is located at 936 Market Street, Suite 106 in Fort Mill. 803-396-8888. Hours are Sunday-Thursday, 11 a.m. - 9 p.m. and Friday-Saturday, 11 a.m - 10 p.m.
2	Ugh...another McCalisters wannabe who falls short. NOTE:  If you are going to steal another company's business model, you have to do something that makes it better than the original!!!  Sandwiches?... forgettable. Sides?.... forgettable. Prices? My wallet remembers that part. Not that the food was bad. It was all edible. But that's all it was...I think we came in here with high expectations, and even low expectations weren't met. They use alot of words on their menu like "piles/layers of deli sliced" this-and-that type of meat. I saw no layers, no piles of anything. And their menu prices are for a dinky little sandwich...for an extra $2, you can turn it into a "large" (read: a regular size sandwich). Think Subway, with cozier atmosphere and higher prices. Not a horrible place, but I don't even think it cracks my top 10 list of places I'll go for a sandwich in the Fort Mill/South Charlotte area...and are there even 10 to chose from?
