4	This LA fitness is great, I walked in and didn't feel weird or pressure to sign up for the training services they offer. I'm not a gym rat but I have started working out over the past few months and have always hated corporate gyms because they always make me feel like I don't belong or use high pressure to get me to sign up for a subpar trainer. I walked in and was greeted with a smile that seemed genuine unlike many others. It's small, but brand new so it's clean and it definitely has all the essentials a yoga room, weight room, a bunch of cardio equipment, and a basketball court! So far I like it!
3	First of all, don't trust the professionally-taken photos for on this site for this gym - they're stock photos and are not representative of this venue.  As this is not one of those workout places fit for a king or queen. Think more along the lines of cubicle than palatial property. In fact, I'd say the largest area of the whole gym is the free weights area, which isn't all that spacious. And at any given time, there's essentially nobody in there, and certainly not enough people to fill to capacity the two shower stalls and one handicapped shower stall in the men's room at any one time. In fact, this L.A. Fitness is a scaled-down version of most of the newer ones (i.e., those ones with vaulted ceilings that would dwarf an airplane hanger, a workout area the size of a football field, an Olympic-sized pool, a basketball court, a sauna, enough showers to bathe a small country, a juice bar, a kids' play area that would double as elementary school playground, etc.) For it seems that downsizing is the new trend in the fitness industry: small, pint-sized gyms for people to come in and get in a 30-minute workout and get out of there so they can seamlessly blend back into the rat race. And, compared to those miniature places, this L.A. Fitness is a 5-star joint. As there's probably enough equipment to satisfy the casual person who isn't looking for all the amenities of a fancy gym with a ton (literally) of weight machines and equipment. And I will admit that unlike most other L.A. Fitness franchises, this one is as clean as a new penny.However, in my mind, this L.A. Fitness is somewhat of a disappointment. Granted, at any gym, I don't use the gargantuan swimming pool, the toasty sauna, the fancy-shmancy bike room, the kids' playpen, etc., and I only need one of 32 shower stalls. But my interest is primarily in the weight equipment, and that is where this place is lacking. Oh, I can tell you that I was thrilled to learn that there was a new gym closer to my humble north Scottsdale abode, but then I set foot in this place and I thought I had walked into a shoe box. Fortunately, the few times that I've been here there hasn't been more than a handful of people, maybe a dozen at most, working out. And maybe I'm wrong, but I can't help but feel that this gym isn't what most L.A. Fitness members want: more stuff. Just like a kid at Christmas who didn't get everything on his wish list, so he's not happy. That's me. Is my disappointment in this place justified? Well, when I work out, I want to either work the legs, the chest, the shoulders and arms, or the upper and lower back, at any given workout. And, quite frankly, there's simply not enough equipment for any of those major body parts to do the kind of workout I want. For example, with weight machines for the legs, there's the standard leg extension, a leg curl, hip adduction/abduction, a calf raise, and a glute machine. But, and it's a BIG BUT there's no leg press! And there's only one in the free weight room, which (in my mind) is a far cry from the technology available in modern machine equipment. Same thing with the chest machines. Just 4 machines to work the chest. In the entire gym???? And I'd say that's generally true for working every major part here, the equipment is a little sparse. (Though I wouldn't say the same thing about the cardio equipment.) Now, if complete, high-intensity workouts are not important to you, and you just want to get in a few quick sets for each body part, then I think you'll love this place. But if you're more serious about working out, then I think you'll find this place a little inadequate - other than for cardio purposes while simultaneously watching sports on their big screens TVs. Sorry, but for me, it's one thumb up and one thumb down. Clean and bright but ultimately unsatisfying.
4	This is the smallest LA Fitness gym that I'm aware of here in AZ.  This was the nicer Pure Fitness that they acquired years ago and they just recently opened it.  It has limited amenities compared to other locations (no racquetball, no basketball, no pool, no sauna).  Regardless - It has everything that one needs to get a decent work out in.  The upside for me is that this is an EXTRA gym in-between the McCormick Ranch and the Tatum gyms!  So I'm grateful for the addition.  Plus, you can park and go to the movie, get a protein shake, hang out at the coffee shop and choose between several restaurants in addition to a workout - without having to drive around.
1	This place is the size of a closet and unlike the huge, sprawling location on Greenway, has no TV's on any of the cardio machines and a fairly lackluster assortment of weights/ weight machines. I really despise the lack of consistency among LA Fitness gyms in the Valley. I'm not sure why they'd build a new location in an upscale area of N. Scottsdale and not have the most sophisticated / updated equipment in it. Also, this location offers NO spin classes!!!!
1	Horrible customer service. Went with a friend and she was interested in signing up, when we walked in the staff was not friendly. They said I didn't have a guest pass on my account. They did not let my friend work out, so we left. She no longer wants a membership.
