4	I have been coming to this park for quite awhile and the past couple of times have been for Bday parties or my mommy group getting together. It is a nice park with a giant shade canopy..great during the summer. They have a total western theme throughout. They even have the picnic areas that look like giant chuck wagons. There is only one table inside so if you have a large party you will need to claim 2 of them. They also have a horse trail which is nice when you see horses stroll by. But due to that being there they have issues with flies. So make sure you keep your food covered! They even have nice clean bathrooms which is rare at a park these days.
5	This was a great park with a western theme. We are from San Diego CA and needed to kill some time before checking into our hotel. I yelped looking for a nearby park for an impromptu lunch spot. Fellow yelpers stated the park was clean; including the bathrooms and the picnic tables were under mock covered wagons. All true including the horses on the trail. We got to see three horses and took pictures. The covered playground is spacious and clean. There is also a horseshoe part of the park and a lawn for football, etc. Coolest thing is the open firepit which someone had a fire going in. We had a blast at this park. Y'all come back now ya hear!!
3	Very cute lil park... kinda small with narrow walking paths.
5	Where were all these themed parks coming from and why were they not around when I was a kid? Coming here with two ankle biters was a fun experience. It definitely gave me an excuse to crawl up the jungle gym and go down a few slides. Even though it is tucked away, this park is packed. With so many children running around, your kids will never have a problem finding a playmate. The grass area is large and not many people use it. It would be a great place to have a picnic. If you come during high sun, do not fret because their picnic tables are set under a wagon cover. This is a great place for family gatherings and would be the perfect place for a Fourth of July get together. Now don't go stealing my idea. I call dibs.
4	This is our go-to park to walk our pup every night.We don't live near any other parks, so we drive the few minutes down Decatur (and Warm Springs) to this one.Plenty of doggie bag and trash stops along the big circle pathway.  Typically pretty clean.  People do a pretty decent job at picking up their dog's business at this park (better than most parks we've been too).  I've noticed that the play area for the kids is nice.  Their bathroom facilities are also clean.  Picnics and bonfires are usually pretty common here in the spring, summer, and fall.A couple of problems here - parking is limited and it smells like horse poop sometimes since its next to a horse stable I think.  Other than that - its a pretty nice place to stroll around!
4	This awesome community park is down the road from home. We previously really had no reason to visit, but it always looked so cool with the covered wagon and windmill visible from the road. We recently got a dog, so we decided to finally check it out. Nice large grassy area in the front, too bad it's near a busy road. Fun area for the kids to play. Then to my surprise we discovered the Equestrian Park and Trail behind the park. It's not very big but there were a few horses there when we were. The neighborhood around the park is on the rural side, so it's even nice to walk around the streets.
4	Was here for. March of Dimes event. The park was clean and had a nice covered play area.  Its not close but if we were in the area we could stop by
4	This park is so cool and gorgeous. I love the set up, all the neat "wagon" picnic tables (with their own barbecue grills), the lush grass, plants, and trees, and most importantly, the theme! When you walk in, there's bathrooms and water fountains on the left and a large covered playground in the center. Lots of trees lining the park and mostly blocking the view of the streets from inside the park. The picnic tables covered by the "wagons" sit in a semi-circle with a mini "amphitheater" in the center. Then, the rest of the park is grass and trees, beautiful! There are also trails for horses and nice paths. Overall, wonderful place to hang out with the family and photograph sessions!
4	Fun, smaller sized park. The kids enjoying playing here.  I enjoy that it isn't as crazy busy as some of the other parks in the area, I can keep an eye on all three kids easily.  The restrooms have been clean the few times we have been here. We haven't used the picnic areas or BBQs but they look nice.  Definitely a park we will return to many times in the future.
5	Daughter loves the windmill. I love it isn't super crowded and has great shade
4	Love this park.! I come here often to walk my pup, but dog owners please be respectful and keep your dogs on a leash as the signs so kindly remind you.! I hate when I'm walking my pooch and your un-leashed dog comes running up in attack mode to my dog. Also-please be respectful and clean up your dogs dirty business, they even make it SO easy they give the bags away to help you do so. Let's keep the park pretty and enjoyable to all.
