5	For years, I was a semi-regular at the original Ewn's on South Central.  But I am happy to say that this new place is much better.  Its smaller than the original, but the menu is better, especially with the addition of BBQ.  However, the wings are my favorite still.  The moniker "king of wings" is definitely appropriate here.  The wings are large, juicy and flavorful.  My favorite is the honey hot and almost always my go-to dish, but the southern style are a close second.I have had the BBQ  tacos, pulled pork and numerous sides as well.  The BBQ beef in the tacos was delicious and well smoked. The pulled pork, although not as good as my own ;-), was definitely top notch. To date, I have had the mac and cheese, cole slaw,  french fries and most recently the yams.  All are really good and came out piping hot (except the slaw).  The yams are by far my favorite; sweet and just a tad bit savory at the same time.  Try them, you won't be disappointed.But what I enjoy the most, is the service.  I believe that the owners are John and his sisters (unfortunately, I didn't get their names). They are extremely friendly and happy to help out in any way.  When ordering take out, they always ask me to sit and even bring me water while I wait - something that I have rarely seen.  When dining in, they come by and chat (when its slower) and really go out of their way to make me feel like family.
4	Omg what a surprise treat he best French toast I ever had in my life and grits to die for!!! Clean and friendly. Real down to earth folks I was sad we couldn't have come back for their bbq.
1	I really don't give a place below 3 stars but this place is not what I expected. General rule of thumb is I do not go into a place and eat if the parking lot is empty but for this place I made an exception because of the  reviews on yelp. To make a long story short I paid 15$ for my puppy to eat the brisket  was just a bunch of fat in really bland bbq sauce and the rib tips was gristle and fat my dog hercules loved it the greens we mediocre and the black eye peas were just mush will not be going back.
