1	So Dillards does not let girls try on dresses if they don't look like they are going to buy. Which mommy and daddy might buy them. What jerks.Has no one ever seen Pretty Woman? Big big mistake.
4	I'm starting to like this Dillard's more and more.  Nice staff, great designers, very clean, it's a great place to shop.No one ever shops here, you can always get front row parking and the shoe department kept me occupied for an hour.  Both Dillard's and Macy's at San Tan mall seem to be mini-version department stores.  Macy's use to be my go to place but Dillard's is really growing on me.
2	MAC cosmetics department:  Not impressed.  I was making a large purchase and I was completely rushed by the associate "helping me".  It was not busy at all, so I don't see why I was rushed.  Unfortunately, this is the closest MAC to me.  Bummer.
1	The Santan mall location in Dillards is the ABSOLUTE worst store. You could stand there with a clown suit and no one would even look your way. Not once do they ask if you need help and most of the time you do since their products are in the cabinets for the color you need. Also, I have gotten my makeup done there before and it looks terrible. I could do my make up better with out a doubt!!My biggest issue is it happens every single time I go there and this is the closest one to my house so of course I go there. I will definitely NOT be returning to that location. I stood there with my make up picked out ready to be rang up at the register for over 20 minutes and wasn't helped until I started walking away. I did not make a purchase due to that. I would not want that location getting my revenue as they do NOT deserve that at all. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
5	I went here in a panic because my 14 year old freshman daughter decided nearly at the last minute to go to Homecoming.  We needed a dress and frankly, we usually buy from Goodwill and after going to several Goodwills and not even coming close, I relented as a friend suggested sometimes Dillards have really good sales and clearances where beautiful dresses are reasonably priced.I came to this Dillards because it was close to where I live.  I really was at a total loss as it's been years since I've shopped at the mall.  I went to the Juniors Department and Nadine, a young, beautiful Persian woman asked me if I needed help.  I explained to her what I needed and she helped me pick out some dresses in my daughter's size.  I asked if I could put them on hold and she said she could for 24 hours.  I said I would be back and I think this day was Wednesday.  Thursday, I had gone to the Chandler Mall both Macy's and Dillards.  The Dillards people at the Chandler Mall were so stand offish, very the opposite of the San Tan Mall.Found an okay dress at Macy's, as it did fit my daughter and look good on here, but wasn't a WOW dress.  I figured if we didn't find anything else, she can wear this or if we found something else, I could return this dress.Since it was nearing the 24 hr mark, I called the Dillards at San Tan and spoke with Nadine.  She said she remembered me and to take my time, that she would continue to the hold the dresses until we could get there.  When we got there, she greeted us well and was so kind to my daughter, son and I.  She was also working with another young blonde lady, Ashley.They both helped us and as my daughter tried on the dresses I had put on hold for her, I found some other dresses that I didn't see the day before.  Nadine and Ashley helped us decided which dress, as I think there were about 3-4 dresses that looked great on my daughter.We finally settled on a cute black dress that could be used for occasions other than Homecoming.  For Homecoming, this could be accessorized for that and for other occasions, accessorized differently.  We were probably here for 1-2 hrs and both women were so great to us.Nadine especially provided A+++++ service to us.  Ashley sort of tagged along and if Nadine was training her or something, Nadine was showing exceptional customer service to us.  I am not a girly girl, so really Nadine helping in this area was a godsend.  I'm so grateful for her and I'm glad I am finally able to get to write this review, as it's been well over a month since this happened (I think this was near the end of October).I wish you much success, Nadine.  All people should give the great customer service you did.  You listened and were attentive to our needs and provided suggestions that worked for us.  You're awesome - from a very happy mother of a teenager.My daughter had a wonderful time at Homecoming and looked amazing!!  Thank you!
