4	It is located inside the O'Aces Bar and Grill. It is separate from the bar. It is closed off by glass. It was very quiet when we arrived about 2PM. Our server came right over and she was attentive and extremely nice. We could not have asked for better service. Alot of the items on the menu I would like to try. I chose the Mad Max burger and I am glad I did. It was one of the best burgers I have ever had. The sauce was delicious. The french fries were clean and crisp. We had called before we went to see if they offered Vegan items. We spoke with the chef, and he told us all the foods he could make Vegan. My son is Vegan and this worked for us. The chef came out and chatted with us. Very friendly man. I enjoyed meeting him. The place was very clean and quiet. I love that. The prices are good. I look forward to going back.
4	The place was a bit tough to find, but we eventually found it. It's inside the O'Aces, as the previous reviewer stated. I went with a coworker around noon and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Although it's inside O'Aces, it did feel like a separate establishment. The decor was nice and it felt like an actual restaurant, not a sports bar or dive bar. There were three small flat screens spread throughout the walls of the dining room on various sports channels, so that was a plus for me since I'm a huge sports fan.The service was excellent. Our waiter was very nice and friendly. She was attentive to when we needed drink refills and took it upon herself to give us refills before we had to ask. I had the stromboli and my coworker had the chicken fingers. Not the best stromboli I've ever had (that honor goes to Four Kegs), but it was really good. The portion size was good, and came with a side of marinara for dipping. The chef also came out to ask us how the food was. I thought that was a nice touch.The prices were fairly reasonable, but we used Groupon Now vouchers, so it ended up being a great deal. They had no problem with us using two vouchers for one table. Some places limit Groupon usage to one per table, but not here.Paparazzi Grill is definitely a place I will return to.
5	This is another hidden gem in the Southwest.  Like another of my local favorites, Carlos' Kitchen, Paparazzi Grill is located inside a bar (O'Aces), and unless you happened to stumble in you probably wouldn't even know it was there, since there doesn't seem to be any signage on the outside.Originally I stopped in to get something from O'Aces with my girlfriend, saw the specials on the board and decided to eat at Paparazzi Grill.  The space has clean, modern decor, nothing too fancy, with a few TVs on the walls tuned to sports.  The restaurant is separated from bar, so I didn't detect any smoke in the air, which non-smokers should appreciate.We needed a few minutes to look over the menu, which for lunch/dinner seems about evenly divided between appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, and entrees/small plates.  I'm a fairly picky eater, but just about every menu item looked to be something I wouldn't mind trying.  While we were deciding, the chef (chef-owner?) came over and said hello to us and asked us if was our first time.  That sort of personal attention to customers is something I really like.On to the food.  I ordered the special that had drawn my attention to the restaurant in the first place - Chicken Pot Pie, which is something I order just about any time I see it on a menu.  It's something you can find on the menu a lot of places, but is rarely done very well.  It came in a small cast iron skillet, which I had never seen done before, and was very tasty - tasty enough that I ate the carrots which I normally intensely dislike.  Probably one of the best chicken pot pies I've every had, and light years beyond what you'll get at a chain restaurant like Marie Callenders (blech.)   My only criticism of the dish is that the dough/crust was sort of in the middle of the skillet (I'm assuming it had been filled prior to cooking) surrounded by the filling, which made it a little hard to eat the crust, since there was nothing it was holding on to other than itself.  I'm used to having the crust stretched over the bowl/platter where I can just stick my fork in and get pieces of it with the filling.My girlfriend was interested in the Braised Short Ribs, but it comes with wild mushroom risotto and she doesn't like mushrooms at all, so she asked our server if she could get it without the mushrooms.  He said absolutely, and offered her the option of having couscous as well if she preferred.  She stuck with the plain risotto, and a few minutes later the chef came out and asked her if she would like to have some roasted tomato in her risotto, to which she happily agreed - another personal touch that makes this place stand out.  She loved the dish, and I tried the risotto which was very good.I went back for dinner a few nights later and had the Roasted Chicken and Mushroom Pasta, which if anything, was even better than the dishes we had before.  All the dishes are plated beautifully, but unfortunately my food looked so good on both occasions that I immediately started eating and didn't think about taking a picture until I was almost finished.  Darn, I guess I'll have to go back so I can get some more pictures.This is a really great restaurant, and I hope more people will learn about it and give it a try.
5	Was stuck on giving it either a 4 star or 5 star. Had to go with the 5.O'Aces is a tough little spot to get to, tucked in the back corner of an office park. When you walk in, just as everyone else has said, there is a separate dining area divided by glass from the main bar. I did sit in the bar and order food there with no problems. The food... I ordered the Kalifornication sandwich (chicken breast, avocado, bacon, jalapeno aioli, etc) and it was AMAZING. Seriously. Blackened chicken breast seasoned SO perfectly and everything jived so nicely. Perfect sized portion as well.Came here on a Groupon, but I have absolutely no doubt I will be back! PS. Service was top notch. Extremely nice server, I had.
3	Food is interesting but choice is limited. The price is good. The waiter should improve her own English even if all the staff is pretty kind and warm.
5	Came back for a second visit, which was long overdue. The service was excellent, again. The chef came out to ask how the food was, again. It's pleasant to see that this type of service is commonplace at this restaurant and my first visit wasn't just an anomaly.My rating goes up to five stars because of the braised short ribs with wild mushroom risotto. It's was amazing, to say the least. This item was on the house specialties section of the menu, deservedly so because it was definitely special. I'm anxiously looking forward to trying some of the other house specialties.
5	Got the short ribs and kalifornication sandwich, it was absolutely awesome and the prices were realistic, not your typical Vegas pricing.I surprised my wife with the place, walking into a bar she doubted my choice. By the time we left, she was apologizing to me and telling the chef she can't wait to come back. Just like previous reviews, the chef came out to assure everything was good. Going that extra mile on his part solidified this place as a gem you hope never goes out of style.
3	I bought the Yelp deal for this restaurant hoping it would be as amazing as Carlos Kitchen (based on the reviews of others).  The first night we tried to use it for dinner, a big wedding was going on which was pretty neat since I did not know events could be held at locations like this.  We decided to return the next day for lunch so as not to intrude on the nuptials.  When we did return, the restaurant area was empty...the decor is very nice and modern.  Our server was extremely friendly, and we ordered the pretzel with cheese and mustard and the green chile pork tacos.  Pretzel was good (can't go wrong with the tasty cheesy dip!) and the tacos were yummy after we added salt.  The burgers we ordered were MASSIVE!  I think the best part was definitely the curly fries and ranch.  The chef came out to greet us twice, but he did not formally introduce himself or make small talk.  I think we are just spoiled by other local places.  Our bill after the Yelp deal came to $25...which I think is a lot ($45 total + tip)  Overall, I may return, but I don't see myself adding this location to my go-to list of places to eat.
4	Had lunch and order the Mad Max burger, effin' rad! My buddy order "some other burger". If I saw it longer than 3 seconds I'd tell you it looked really good and what he ordered, but I'm almost certain he managed to inhale the entire thing before the waitress could finish putting it down in front of him. After, he just looked at me said, "Good." It was THEN I knew the knife they gave me wasn't to cut my burger in half, it was to protect my food from the newly formed ravenous food poacher sitting next to me!We ate at the bar (O'Aces) that was connected instead of the dinning room. The dinning room looked nice and is completely separate. The waitress was extremely nice, quick with our order, offered recommendations, and when she came back to tell us they were out of something she was apologetic and offered alternatives. That last one sounds small, petty, and really basic but I've been running into a lot of people lacking common sense service.Needless to say, food was outstanding. They use arugula on burgers, which I love so that was an immediate bonus for me. Definitely going back. little pricey for lunch ($10-$12 burgers) and the location kinda blows. However, I think it's a nice surprise of a place you wouldn't expect.One last thing, the girl working the bar (O'Aces) was really nice too. She backed up the restaurant side by promoting them and getting the waitress out to us as soon as we were ready. Good conversation and attentive.
4	Tucked into a bar which is tucked into an obscure location certainly will slow the foot traffic towards this restaurant, but it is definitely worth seeking out. It reminded me a lot of Carlos' Kitchen (closed... for now) ... Gourmet Food at diner prices inside of a bar!Me and my buddy had the:Haywire (potatoes in a skillet with fontina cheese, bacon, and green onions and maybe a couple other things),Mad Max (Burger topped with mushrooms, fontina cheese, and short ribs... YES SHORT RIBS!),Kalifornication sandwich (Chicken, Guac, Jalapeno Aioli, usual trimmings)All of it was really tasty and enjoyable.A couple of complaints would be that the televisions in the restaurant are outdated and tiny (though you can eat in the bar), the restaurant is TOO empty... I guess most people eat out at the bar. And our server either simply acted or was very stoned and a little hard to take seriously. But he got everything right though.Combined with the 10 for 20 yelp deal, the bill only came out to 7 dollars or so (thus costing around 17) before tip, so that was great. And even if it had been full price, it still would have been a bargain.I'm really looking forward to trying a larger variety of foods here as most of the ones I mentioned have already been reviewed. Will update later!Edit: Updating with a couple more dishes tried - We tried the Quesadillas, spot on delicious. Also tried the Beef Sandwich, name escapes me. It was good, but at the same time very predictable and not special in this case. Our server was better, though I am getting the idea that they aren't waiters but just people who work at the bar, which explains their more "laid back" style.
5	Had dinner with a group of 6 and the food and service were great.  The server was very attentive, kept our drinks full and the chef came by the table to check on us.  Will definitely go back!
4	Paparazzi Grill is located inside O'Aces Bar~! I believe the dining room is open until about midnight but you can still get served the same menu in the bar area!!! Meaning if you want braised short ribs at 4AM while you play video poker you can totally have it!!! They have your standard bar food and then a couple house special items that you normally wouldn't see at a typical bar.. Like the aforementioned "braised short ribs with wild mushroom risotto.." very tender & juicy short rib chunks with not overly decadent risotto for $14!!! Or for a lighter choice, the pan seared salmon with cous cous for $12.. I definitely want to come back and try the Mad Max Burger & the Shrimp & Grits.. The server was very attentive and friendly and at the end of our meal the chef came out and made sure everything was good. He said they've been struggling to get their name out since they're in a strange location so hopefully business starts to pick up for them.. My only complaint would be that the food wasn't as piping hot as I would have liked it.. But nonetheless still yummy~ Hot tip: Definitely take advantage of their free specialty burger check in offer or their $10 for $20 yelp deal! Also go during Happy Hour & get great deals on their already inexpensive drinks~
5	Props to Chef Jay.  My wife didn't want to cook tonite, so she hit up the old faithful Groupon site and came up with Paparazzi in the O'Aces Bar just off the 215.  I have been to my fair share of combo bar/grills in Vegas and didn't have the highest of expectations.  Put aside your preconceptions and be prepared to be blown away.  The menu is compact, but diverse.  There is a good selection of appetizers, burgers, entrees, pizzeria items and a couple desserts.  I had the braised shortribs on wild mushroom risotto and it was excellent.  The chive infused oil drizzled around the edge was a nice subtle addition.  Wife had had the spiced shrimp over grits.  She loved it.  They were finishing up with a Lions club meeting when we arrived and the chef noticed we didn't yet have menus and came out and did waiter duty till his waiter was free.  Service was great, and as noted in other reviews the chef was out checking on his customers and took the time to chat with us and get our impressions of what we had ordered.  You get two separate checks--one from the bar for drinks, and one from the restaurant.  Bar prices are decent and the restaurant prices are quite reasonableThis one is a definite keeper........
5	We came here on a Saturday afternoon and ordered the Mad Max and Roasted chicken and mushroom pasta for 6 (used a yelp deal 10 for 20)- Inside of O'Aces, behind lots of medical buildings- Mad Max: One of the BEST BURGERs I had in a long time. SERIOUSLY. Bring ya kids, bring ya wife, cuz he's doing an impeccable job. Chef Jay has mad skill. Angus beef topped with braised short rib, red wine sauce, roasted crimini mushrooms, and fontina cheese. Bun is swirled. Made himself. Lettuce? so fancy!- The short ribs are so tender! I really can't believe that it was only $11. Such a steal.- Charming chef. He was our waiter, chef and bus boy. He did it all- Chicken pasta: Home made pasta, crimini mushrooms, roasted chicken, and a touch of cream and shaved parmesan cheese. 100x better than olive garden or any equivalent. - Although a bit out of the way to get here, it's well worth it! Can't wait to come back for more! - One of the best restaurants I've been to at an affordable price. No compromise!
5	Let me start off by saying, the burgers here are absolutely delicious! Cooked to perfection, juicy, deliciousness served on a plate, topped with a 7 inch, wooden handled, steak knife that definitely comes in handy. Doesn't get much better when it comes to burgers(period).Our server, Cameron, was great. Personable, respectful, friendly and helpful. Everything you look for in a server. We let him know, right away, we had little time to eat(about 30 mins) and we were ready to dive into some food. They offer "1 Free Specialty Burger" when you "check in" on Yelp. They had no problem redeeming the ad and they also let my wife and I know our son eats for free with any entree purchased. We were like, "Whaaaaatt...?? Wow!" How awesome right? Our son got the kids "Grilled Cheese"(refer to pic) which was actually great.  For a kids grilled cheese, this thing was fantastic. It had 3 kinds of cheese, with perfectly toasted bread. You can't go wrong.At first, I ordered the "Mad Maxx" burger and was super excited to get it. After a few minutes, Cameron came out with the bad news that there were no more short ribs for the "Mad Maxx" burger. Disappointing..., but I already had a plan B burger, the "Tombstone Burger" (refer to pic) which he said was available. This burger..... was.....Incredible! The thing was HUGE! Big, crispy pieces of bacon, house made burbon glaze, beautifully battered onion rings, a bun made for the gods, and a burger patty that was ooozing perfection. To top it all off, sticking 6 inches out the top of the burger, was a wooden handled steak knife which needed no explanation for its use. The burger was a BEAST and I couldn't have asked for anything more, other than a third hand to help shove it faster into my mouth. Superb!My wife ordered the "Heart Attack Burger" which she couldn't put down. Shoe string potatoes, cheddar cheese, and peppered bacon, all on top of a perfectly cooked patty. Delicious to the last bite.Chef Jay came out after our meal to check on us and make sure we had a great experience. What a great guy/chef. You can tell he really cares about his guests, which makes me want to come back to this place even more. Thank you Cameron and Chef Jay for supplying such good food and still keeping me on schedule. We will definitely be back.
4	Decided to come here for dinner after reading the reviews, and I'm very glad I did.  The burger that they served was righteous, and more importantly, delicious!  I first tried to order the Mad Max burger, but they were out of the short rib sadly, so I went with the Tombstone burger which Andrew H. recommended.  It's a good size burger, and I'm glad I didn't order a salad or anything else to accompany it.  I was also happy that I had a fry selection, normal, curly, or sweet potato.  I went with curly, and they were great, crispy and not overly seasoned.You can tell that they put their patties together by hand, as it was kinda crumbling on me a bit while I was eating, but I'm good with that, shows that they're concerned with quality.  The bourbon bbq sauce was super tasty too, sweet and thick and wonderful.  I also liked that the lettuce on the burger was crunchy, as it needed that texture contrast.  Only disappointment about the burger was the onion rings, too much breading for me, and they got soggy from the bbq sauce because of it.  Overall, delicious burger, good fries, and I'll probably be coming back one of these days when I need a burger fix.
4	Wow-wow-wee! Thanks to Yelp for uncovering another hidden gem! Located inside O'Aces Bar and Grill and with no sign, I never would have found this place. The "one free specialty burger" check-in offer peaked my curiosity, so the hubby,baby and I went for Saturday lunch.We were a little concerned at first because we were the only customers. That and I wasn't sure about bringing a baby to a bar! I was a little bothered by the smoke that permeated into the restaurant from the bar but I think it was only because the door separating the two areas was open. The restaurant itself is pretty bare but don't let that discourage you. You get first class food and personalized family-friendly service. We started out with the Lobster Balls. Risotto balls with chunks of lobster artfully presented like in a fancy restaurant made me realize this was not your typical pub food. We chose our burgers and knew we were in for a treat. My taste buds sang as I devoured my Pulp Fiction burger. You can taste that everything from the juicy flavorful patty to the perfectly toasted bun was handmade with care. My husband got the Mad Max burger and the short rib meat was succulent and abundant. The burgers were enormous and came with fries. We were both so full that we had to take half of our burgers home!Chef Jay and his wife made friendly conversation with us, and our baby loved them! I think he could sense their good nature (that and he appreciates good food like his parents!)Paparazzi Grill is open 24 hours, so you can bet that we'll be here to try everything on the menu!
5	After reading some rave reviews about this place recently I was excited to see the Yelp deal that was available for this restaurant. My fella and I arrived around 11am for an early lunch. The bar and restaurant area were really empty, but we were greeted warmly and seated in a booth of our choice. The server was incredibly friendly and attentive. She, her son and her husband (who's the chef) were all really sweet and friendly. We ordered some iced teas and browsed through the menu. I noticed right away that there is a free specialty burger with Yelp check-in and the server assured me I could use it on my next visit since I was already using the Yelp deal I had purchased. That's great and pretty much the same discount, since most of the specialty burgers are $10 or $11. We decided to try the Thai chili wings to start and I ordered the Mad Max burger while my fella chose the lobster mac n cheese. The chef came out to check on us while his wife was taking our orders. He told us about how he make his own hamburger buns and that what we ordered were some of the most popular items on the menu. They both came to check up on us often and I really appreciated the friendly atmosphere. Our wings came out quickly and they looked and smelled amazing. First bite and we were in love. Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of char and oh so moist. Even better, the seasoning was absolutely delicious. The Thai chili was just the right amount of sweet and spicy. This dish alone earned them 5 stars, but it got even better from there. We'll be back for these wings alone.Our main dishes came out and they were delicious as well. The burger was enormous and comes with a side of curly, regular or sweet potato fries or you can choose a house or caesar salad instead. I went with the curly fries, with the encouragement of my fella. I would probably try a salad next time since the burger is so much food to handle as it is. The Mad Max has a giant piece of short rib on top of a patty and lots of mushrooms to top it off. The homemade bun was excellent. It definitely added that extra something to make it taste that much better. Perfect texture, fluffy and moist but still grilled perfectly on the edges to give it a nice crunch. The lobster mac n cheese was fabulous as well. There were giant pieces of lobster all throughout and the cheese was cheesy perfection. Both my fella and I were thrilled with all food we ordered, even though we definitely ordered a little too much, but we can't wait to come here again soon!
5	They have such an amazing menu that the location is like why are you here?  The area is fine since there are some great restaurants around but getting here I had to zig zag through some business complex, maybe Google maps fault. Because I've been reading that they were gonna be having changes made to the business I wanted to try them out ASAP before the change and I've been wanting to check them out for a while, nows the time. Heads up though everyone the menu will be changing up a bit but most the menu like the specialty burgers will be there but some of the items like lobster balls won't, at least that's what I was told. Anyways for food I went with the Mad Max sandwich with curly fries and the Jurassic Park Stromboli. The Mad Max was the free specialty sandwich I choose with yelp check-in and the Jurassic cause you had to purchase at least $10 to get the free specialty and I was thinking about take some food home. First off it was a lot of food for just one guy but it was very delicious and it had to be done, not everyday you go to a bar and eat a tender short rib between a bun. It was a winner in my book. The Jurassic Park was good better than some but not amazing.Food is served 24/7 but after a certain time they'll close the dining area and you have eat at the bar.  Service was awesome, very friendly and conversational, gave me all the 411.  Inside and outside was actually nicer than I expected. They do have food and drink specials. Lots of big screens TVs and seemed like a loaded bar.  If you drink to much hospital is right there. Movie themed items on the menu with great ingredients different from what you'll usually see at a bar awesome.  They aren't cheap but not expensive. I'll most likely be back.
5	This place was buried treasure. Every single menu item we tried was so good. I wish they didn't have to close. The wings were the best wings I've ever had and the lobster mac was really great. The burger was great too. If they weren't closing, we'd be back often. My girl had the Yelp Deal, so it was even better. The service was really friendly and they were great with refills.
3	I had purchased the 20 dollars of food for 10 buck deal, they no longer honor the coupon, so need to communicate with Yelp to get a refund.,..  Good news is that yelp has already e mailed me about this, so keeping my fingers crossed that this is no hassle.  The restaurant in the o'aces bar is still open, and they still offer some of the same stuff such as the mad max burger.   I had the Kalifornication sandwich, was pretty good, but can get that anywhere.  I will just pick a place that has no secondhand smoke and loud drunks
