5	Outstanding place. The best one I've seen yet. Great place to relax in-between flights. It was a GOD send during my three hour layover. The volunteers were really nice and very helpful. Some were over zealous but it was welcomed. The have a great movie area with over 200 movies. Our choices were endless. Not a lot of up to date stuff but its free. What do you expect. Food:. They had hot dogs, sandwiches, cinna-bun items, and lots of various snacks and goodies. Awesome place. Those movie chairs were awesome. I slept like a baby
5	This is place is wonderful! Comfortable couches, plenty of food, computers, free wifi, TVs & a playstation area. Food choices include hot dogs, sandwiches, pastries, fresh fruits & various soda drinks as well as lemonade and bottle water. The volunteers are super nice and helpful. Thank you so much USO!
5	Might be one of the best uso I have been to. It's inside the terminal so you don't have to check out between flights. Awesome food, tv, computers , coin displays. Makes you feel rested. I'm glad it's here.  Was watching TV and feel asleep w/o knownig it!!! Big fan!!!
5	Unbeknownst as to whether it's the result of Memorial Day weekend or the string of "please donate" commercials, this USO has undergone some incredible renovations since my last visit, which was only five months ago. A large, clean facility featuring a wide variety of complimentary food and beverage, a brand new movie theater, complete with leather recliners and an eight station computer lab, this is perhaps the only thing under the sun that would ever make me hope for a layover.
5	Great people doing a great job. Please leave a donation before leaving.
5	This place is one of the reasons I choose to fly through Charlotte rather than other options.  The staff is fantastic, its always confortable, well stocked and free.  Will absolutly head back again.Kid friendly play area.  My wife loves it as well.
5	Always supporting the USO. I'm still proud to be serving in the Army.
5	5 stars. Spent Feb 8-10 in Charlotte after being delayed due to Winter Storm Nemo. Although the USO is inside the security area (Food Court mezzanine), the U.S. Airways staff gave me gate passes to head up the USO. I spent two days here, and was able to relax and get a lot of work done. I also had a chance to meet some great Servicemembers and Veterans. Thanks for making my time in CLT pass quickly. I hope to return again, soon.
5	Been here quite a few times in my travels.....Last week I was flying through, and I was upset when I realized I only had a 30 minute layover. I was UPSET that I had a SHORT LAYOVER because it meant I couldn't go chill in the USO. It's that good.
5	Who cannot like what the USO does? This has got to be one of the nicer USO areas I've utilized in my 24 years of military service. IMHO.... this USO lounge area is way better than the US Airways "Premier" lounge area down the hall. I left there and came here instead. Extremely courteous and helpful volunteers run the immaculate spacious area. It's a very clean and well stocked area of food and drinks.
5	A wonderful USO filled with friendly volunteers, free wifi, play room for kiddos, tv lounge, computer center and food/drink area. If you need anything just go to the front desk, they even have flight information for you.The cool touch at this one is all the patches up on the boarder of the wall! I plan to contribute my next time through.Also during thanksgiving they put on a nice spread and have leftovers for food the following days after available as well (yummy turkey sandwiches!).
4	This is a really nice USO with all the amenities that generally come with an USO. Why not 5 stars? It's not 24/7. Yeah, I know there's not a lot of USOs that are 24/7 but the ones that are, is to me the pinnacle of 5 stars. I mean, 24/7. That's just awesome. But this place is still really nice. A small area just for kids to play for the families. Couch -like chairs that are so easy to fall a sleep in. And of course a good amount of food.
5	My favorite USO in any airport!  Service members and families should definitely stop by.  The staff is super friendly and the facilities are outstanding.  Plus who can resist Bojangles
5	Honestly my favorite USO. When I fly I always try to make my connection here. It's inside the terminal so I grab something to eat here, water. Staff is super friendly. I love the sliver jewelry for soldiers.  Will be back again when I travel next.
5	So thankful for the USO and all it's volunteers all over. This is always a comfortable, welcoming place to relax in between flights with all the drinks and snacks you want. Not only do they support all military personnel but they also support our families! Thank you for all you do for us!
5	So grateful for the people who keep this outstanding lounge operating.  We have stayed in many airport lounges but are never taken care of as well as by the USO!  Comfortable chairs, Internet, TONS of food, drinks, and snacks...great place to hang out away from the chaos of the airport and to grab a quick, FREE bite to eat!  We will be making lounge a mandatory stop during all of our layovers in Charlotte.Thanks again to everyone who makes this lounge operate!
