3	I've never been the the L'Academie at St-Denis, so I cannot compare. I will assume the quality is comparable. I went to L'acadmie hearing not so great reviews, however I am one to never trust the opinions of the masses(we'll only on Yelp :P).Food Quality/Price - 2.5/5-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Firstly, I  want to mention that this is a BYOW (bring your wine). I adore this concept, mainly because I detest paying the premium when ordering wine at a restaurant. However, this is how many restaurants make the lion's share of their revenues. That being said majority of BYOW restaurants are usually sub-par in the food quality because they cut corners to beef up profit margins. Unfortunately, L'acadamie is no exception, they food is "palatable", yet the prices are fair. Its saving grace is that it is a BYOW.Ambiance/Service - 4/5----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The ambiance and service are great. The food was served in a timely manner and the wait staff was courteous. Also, I loved the novel idea of actually showing patrons the desert before they order directly at their table. The ambiance was appropriate for  a mid tier crescent street "hot spot" and as decorations were not too garish making for a decent dining experience.Overall - B----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I would go back to L'acadamie, solely because its BYOW. The take home message of this review is that if your looking for great food look elsewhere. However, if your looking for a good time and place you can bring your own wine(or beer), L'acadamie will fit the bill.
5	I love this restaurant.  Its modern and classy decor.  This is a nice romantic dinner date or a good place to bring a small group of friends. You bring your own bottle of wine.  The mussels are yummy and that's all I go for.  All the flavors are good.  I usually like the white creamy cheese soup one- Rockafello and comes with yummy fries to dip. They're known for the mussels.  Wednesdays are half off mussels ($13) fyi!
4	A Bring Your Own Wine with a Sunday - Wednesday special is good in my books! The food is good, especially when you can accompany it with as much wine as you choose to bring with you! The staff is young and nice, and the restaurant has a very clean, modern, classy look. They've got a special on pasta & muscles everyday at lunch & Sunday-Wednesdays for dinner, 11,95$ accompanied with a soup or salad.I've been to he one on St.Denis and my pasta tasted like cigarettes and our server was miserable, and kind of rude. So I definitely recommend the one on Crescent!I plan on going there this week! :)
5	We loved this restaurant on a recent trip to Montreal. In fact, we ate their 3 times on a five day trip!   I was surprised to find that this was one of several locations.  It has all the charm of small downtown BYOB, and delicious fresh baguettes served with quality Italian food.
5	Excellent Mussels and the BYOB, Sun-Wed special of $12 for pasta/mussles and soup or salad is unbeatable. Although my g/f was unimpressed with the pasta the mussels I had were delicious and a sizable portion considering the special. Will go back again when in the area. Dessert was very nice with Creme Brulee.
1	Not often can one experience good food but yet feel so angry about just about everything else.  After a long day biking, I just wanted a happy meal to end the day with my friends and this place just found a way to make me give up my 1st big fat 1 star to a business.  L'Academie, you deserved this 1 big star and here's why.Your place is modern and chic and centrally located.  With 2 floors, you can definitely satisfy  groups of all sizes.  But do yourself a favor, hire more waiters and not just that, hire waiters that actually give a damn.  My table waited over 30 minutes just to get an order, and not once did the waiter say he'll be right with us.  When he did come, he rudely rushed to take the order without even asking what we wanted to drink.  By the time one of us said I want to drink...he zipped away.  Then when we asked for more water, 3 separate times during the night, they just rudely said we'll be with you, but never did service us.I really never make a big fuss over food and this place's food was good, but I will not detail what my party had that night.  I just can't contemplate promoting business for a place that was an outright scam.
4	I've eaten here only a handful of times, but it's a winner. Every person I have recommended it to, LOVES it. Like they really love it. They call me and go on and on about how much they loved it. Here's why: it's a fantastic multi-storey restaurant at St. Denis and Duluth, right next to a SAQ. (Actually, that SAQ is now closed...but there's one kiddie-corner...rejoice - Montrealers now how to roll.)This would be a good time to mention Montreal is huge on BYOW - bring your own wine. Just look for "approtez votre vin". And unlike the rest of Canada, they don't charge a corking fee, nor do they stare at you with their judgy little eyes. The Quebecois simply uncork and pour. It's genius - why can't every restaurant do it. Now that you have your bottle (or bottles), slip next door and get a table. L'Academie is best described as boisterous. Everyone needs a fail-safe restaurant. This would be it.
5	Gnocchi. Atmosphere. Patio. Friendly service.
4	We ate here twice. It's a great little French/Italian restaurant and the end of the bustling Rue Crescent. Prices are reasonable for the portion size. We only had pasta but it was great. Desserts were good too.
5	WE loved this place.  The waiter was great, very outgoing and accommodating.  The major plus is that they are BYOB.  The Mussel section was a big hit with our kids.  They did make one mistake that was more than made up for.  We told the waiter that we don't eat meat, but our Caesar salad came out with bacon on it.  But the waiter bought us four desserts.  In a way we were glad he made that mistake.  We realize that no place can be perfect, it's how you handle your mistakes.  And they went above and beyond.  Kudos to the management there for letting the staff make quick decisions to handle mistakes.
4	Very good Italian cuisine. I had the linguine with pesto but the mussels and fries looked great. I can see why everybody likes this place.
4	I love the atmosphere of this hot restaurant. There are so many ppl in weekends .I tried mussels with creamy soup, not kinda of astonishing,but it's good. I love the decor, services more than their food anyway.
3	So as I am still somewhat new to Montreal, I have to keep reminding me of these places that let you bring your own wine.  l'Academie is one of those places.  Great deal to bring your own wine, but you need to remember ahead of time.  I was meeting three others and realized I needed wine so took a walk for a few blocks to Sainte-Catherine & Drummond to find an SAQ to buy my wine at...no big deal, could use the exercise!Regarding the meal itself, I have to say I was a little disappointed.  There is nothing specifically wrong with this place, but nothing stood out either.  The food was average, the service was good.  I started with garlic escargot that was decent enough, but not distinctive in any way.  I then ate seared tuna for my main dish.  Again, mediocre.   Price is pretty good, however, compared to many restaurants in the area,
3	The decor is fresh and modern, and the service is friendly and prompt, without being overbearing. It is worth checking out their lunch / Sun-Wed dinner special: choice of soup or salad, plus pasta or mussels for $12.95. There is a huge selection to choose from. Portion sizes are reasonable, and the food is good (but not outstanding) -- I found their mussels to be better than their pasta dishes. The best part is that this place is BYOW!
4	Went here on a cold snowy Montreal night with a group of six. The place was packed but we called ahead an grabbed a nice table next to the front window upstairs. I have never had such a hard time picking my meal, I could have ordered any of 20 things on the menu and been perfectly happy. I was jealous of all 5 of the other people in our groups meals, and mine was delicious. They have about 12 adaptations of mussels and frites, which were delicious. Its also BYOB which saved a ton of money as we brought 6 bottles of wine.Although my appetite (and head) may have been a little skewed after the half dozen Molson Exports at the Canadiens game before dinner, I would surely recommend this place and will visit it again next time I am in Montreal.
4	Another great downtown Montreal restaurant. It's a little more on the pricier side, but well worth it. All I had was spaghetti and tomato sauce and fine herbs, which was so good. - Their tomato sauce tasted different than most other ones I've had at other restaurants. For dessert my friend and I split a cheesecake with strawberry coulis, and that was very delicious, as well. I rarely ever like to spend that much on cheesecake, but I think I'd make an exception for this place.Service was just okay. I guess because it's so busy in there that they kind of unintentionally neglect some of the tables or they take forever to come by. The food sure came fast, but otherwise, the servers rarely came by unless we called them over.
2	Oh come on now!  I am shocked by all the good reviews.  The restaurant isn't too hard on the eyes, but really that's all it has going for it.  I know some people are excited because you can bring your own wine, but so what?  This most certainly isn't the only place that offers this, yes even in Toronto never mind Montreal where this concept has been familiar for ages.The food was pretty crappy.  My partner's peppercorn tuna had no peppercorns.  Worse yet, a good part of it was inedible, full of gristle.  I had a taste and wished I could turn back time and decline the offer.  YUCK!  The swordfish I had was better, but had almost no flavour.  In contrast, the veggies had too much nasty flavour.  I'm betting it was MSG or some other additive.  Though I didn't have a full out allergic reaction, my stomach was queasy after; ergo, I deffo conclude "flavour enhancer".  Yes the portions were large, but bigger sure as hell doesn't mean better in this case.
5	Wonderful cuisine with an elegant and modern ambience. Service was friendly and attentive. Food is priced how you would expect for a nice restaurant, but the fact that you can bring your own wine or beer makes it more palatable for those on a budget.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Restaurants have to but put into perspective - not every restaurant is suitable for every occasion.  I went on a Wednesday night with a friend, looking for a place that would have good food, a hip atmosphere and fair prices - l'Academie definitely fit the bill.  The calamari and pasta on special were delicious, I brought a good wine from the SAQ, service was excellent, the decor was hip, the restaurant was lively but not too loud, and price came to around $25 / person pre-tip.  Had a great night thanks to l'Academie - it's definitely going to be one of my top picks for a social night out.
4	Came here for the first time when I won a dinner for 2 at my school. The staff were super friendly and the food was really good! Would definitely recommend this place!
1	I would give less than a star if I could.  I've lived in Montreal for seven and a half years and I've been to l'Academie about four times.  I've never been crazy about it.  There are other better BYOW restaurants in this town and the thing that drives me nuts about this place is that it's very inconsistent.  You could have a very good meal and decent service one visit and the next time walk out with steam coming out of your ears.  That was me last night.  Friends wanted to go for dinner with us one last time before we leave Montreal (finally moving back home to BC!) and really wanted to go here so, since last time wasn't horrible and I didn't want to be difficult, we went to l'Academie on Crescent.First of all, my friend tried to book a certain table that she had in mind and whoever took the reservation made a big deal about that.  In the end, we got the table my friend wanted and, sure enough, the place was EMPTY so what's the big deal?  Then we ordered and the service was okay and the food was okay until I asked to have my meal packed up - I had ordered the Table d'hote and there was too much linguini for me.  So already I'm paying $24 for pasta and the waitress tells me she'll pack it up but it will cost $1 more.  "WHAT?"  "Yes, it costs the restaurant to pack the food up and it's to teach a lesson not to forget the food when we pack it."  I told her to toss the food out.  It wasn't so great that I was dying to eat my leftovers today and last time I checked, I was at a restaurant (where I was paying for my meal already thanks) and not at teach-you-a-lesson classes.  Of all the terrific restaurants in Montreal, I'm ticked that one of the last evenings I had here was wasted at this one.
1	Terrible place. Pretentious and snooty with nothing to back it up. Both times I went were more annoying than the last. I will not go back again ever. I'd rather eat a jar of relish instead.
4	Excellent food and unique menu selection.We were looking for a nice dinner in Montreal and spent quite a while looking for someplace more 'upscale' in the downtown area. The menu here looked interesting - Italian,  seafood, a French flare - so we tried it out. No lines, no waiting, BYOW - all good. I hadn't tried this place before so didn't know what the mussels were like but really wanted to try them. I think I made the right call by getting the mussels as an appetizer instead of an entry. They were absolutely delicious and they give you plenty, but just personally would prefer a meat/pasta dish as an entree. I got the veal marsala as an entree. The sauce was yummy but the meat was a little tough. I won't hold that against them. I would definitely recommend Restaurant l'Academie to anyone looking for a reasonably priced upscale dinner and enjoys mussels.
2	I have never understood the hype around this place.  The food is average at best.  I've had cream-based pesto here which is just nasty and not authentic at all.  Even the basic tomato sauce is pretty bad.  I find it very acidic and overall lacking in flavour.
2	We had to eat and escape the tropical heat, and L'academie was dead in front of us. I loved the ambiance, chic lime-green downstairs, gray/raspberry combo upstairs.. They have a bunch of great deals for lunch: 13$ mussels with fries and salad, or the swift 10$ lunch special (soup + seashell/calamari and 2 other combos). There is a wide choice of mussels even at such low price, and you get a good liter of 'em. Delicious. Don't go for the seashell though, it's out of the IGA frozen aisle. Nothing to write home about, but for 10$, I'm picking hairs.The low rating stands mainly for the service, of which there is none. Your hipster waitress will stay behind her tiny counter, checking out the computer, not knowing what the menu is..The place is pretty understaffed, and the wait is long. I was underwhelmed by the paper tablecloth, hiding massive wine stains on the underlying tablecloth. Mmmm..
5	Great Price & Great Food!
2	Service was not bad. Food was pretty bad. The fennel mint soup was really good. It was extremely busy so maybe that played into it.  Wouldn't return
4	This place is pretty much my dream. Its BYOB and they have cheap specials on pasta and mussels from Sunday - Wednesday (or Thursday?) not including holidays. The staff are cheery and their desserts are well portioned. Its a great place for a one on a first date or for a group dinner to celebrate a birthday (I do both). Only downside is that BYOB doesn't cover hard liquor or else my friends and I would be there WAY too often. It tries to look classy but it's a student and middle class place to eat.Food:  8/10Service:  7/10Price:  9/10Atmosphere:  9/10
4	Pretty cheap prices for a good amount of food that tastes good. It's a fancy restaurant but they can apparently afford to have lower prices because the chefs are students, I've been here 3 times and 2/3 times there was something slightly wrong with my dish, but they quickly brought me new one that was perfect so I was happy. (the issues were that the filet mignon wasn't cooked evenly - one piece was very very raw inside.. and the other issue was that the calamari wasn't crispy and they were chewy.. the server was happy to bring a fresh one right away.. we also had water in our bread dish so everything was soggy but again they brought a fresh plate almost immediately, overall I think the food is great when its done properly and its worth it on their deal nights - like Thursday night veal or chicken is cheaper and really tasty, I will go again.
4	I am always satisfied when I come here. Good food, BYOW, friendly service, cheap prices. Overall good.
4	Personally I have never been attracted by a bring your own wine restaurant. When I first went at l'Academie it was because of my little bro. Today I can say that I am happy he somehow forced me to go there. We ordered pasta , brought our own wine and lunched in a warm atmosphere! It was lovely! The truth is that they do make really nice pasta. I was thankful to my bro for showing me this place. I recommend this restaurant to people who are looking for good food at an affordable price.
4	We ate here after viewing the Faberge exhibit at the museum. The food was definitely in the 4 star range. The service was also very nice and attentive. We were pleased and highly recommend L'Academe Crescent when in Montreal.
3	The establishment it's self is causy and trendy but the food is a little too simple for my taste. I had the spaghetti with meat balls and the sauce was tasteless. Absolutly no salt, no seasoning!! I was under the impression they mixed tomaroe sauce with a couple spices and heat it up. I expected much more for the price you pay. I would truly give it two stars or maybe even one but the service was amazing, everything was fast paced. Maybe that was why my food was bad?
4	Excellent!  Perfect food, location and menu. BYO wine. Try fish specials, reals, and pasta. Arugula salad excellent.
4	I found this place on yelp, so it's possible I was colored by previous reviews. That said I found the decor pleasant, the service impeccable, and food delicious. Went with a group of 6, ordered 5 different pasta dishes, nobody was dissapointed. A much better value than any place else I saw on Crescent, and you'll save on wine too.
3	The service and ambience are good, but the food was pretty mediocre for the price. A solid option for a group BYOB dinner, but don't forget to bring your own booze as you can't buy it there.
5	BYOW & Beer was amazing. They give you a ice jug for your alcohol too. Awesome food, big portions. A little expensive- but then again you aren't spending a bunch of money on booze. Would definitely go again.
4	I went to this place for a small snack before class with my friend. I was in search of something different but not too filling so I wouldn't food coma in class ;) The soup of the day was dill and celery root (Yummmm :)), definitely out of the ordinary and very tasty. I ordered the fried calamari entree as my main meal. The calamari was kinda rubbery (but that's pretty normal) and it was breaded with a light and not too greasy batter and served with a yummy marinara sauce. I still had some room and have a weakness for dessert so I asked for the dessert menu. The "menu" is actually a tray of available desserts!!! So cool because you can see what you are going to get (not sure if the desserts were real or plastic although I had my suspicions about the ice cream option). I ordered the caramel and nut cheesecake and it was delicious :) Overall it was the perfect meal, only flaws were that my water was never refilled and the extra bread I asked for never arrived :(
2	The food was decent. Some dishes were better than others. However, the waiter (Danny) was bloody HORRIBLE. He was pretentious and felt entitled. He served us but barely checked up on us. At the end when we were getting our bill, before we even received our actual bill we received a lecture from him about tips and how much would be appropriate for him and HIS OWN suggested amount. The fact that he did that was just mind blowing. He gave us some bullshit that he had to pay out of pocket for his group tip if he didn't meet a certain amount. I'm sorry I thought tipping was a gesture and not mandatory. Anyways we gave him $25 and he flipped shit when he saw it and started cussing. It was just a very unprofessional and hostile environment. I would avoid this particular waiter. Back to the food. Our table ordered various dishes. Most were very delicious and the others were decent. The price isn't too bad but for a chain it could've been less expensive. I would come back again for the food but definitely would avoid this place is Danny the waiter is there. Also the hostess we encounter was a bit pretentious also.Main takeaway: Food is good and can be delicious. The staff was borderline anger management material and perhaps bi-polar.  Be careful with such people.
4	Despite reading previous reviews on bad service, our waiter was incredibly nice and knowledgable. This is a BYOW place, but we didn't have any since it was a last minute restaurant choice. The waiter pointed us towards a convenience store just around the corner that had wine and beer.The food was yummy and decently priced. The Vegetable Fettuccine happens to be vegan. Overall, quite good. Would give a 4.5.
