5	I've been going to this dentist for years now and Dr Hardy and his staff is amazing! They treat you as more than just a customer trying to get you in and out as fast you can. I have nothing but amazing things to say about Dr Hardy and his team. If you are looking for a great dentist, then Dr Hardy is your best option!
5	I've been going to Dr. Hardy for over 15 years, since I was a teenager. All his staff have been there a long time (a good sign), and are incredibly friendly, professional, and efficient. Dr. Hardy is very approachable and reassuring (he is really understanding with the fact that I faint every time I get a shot & lets me do what I need-- lay back until it passes), and he is very knowledgable and uses and explains all the latest technology. I moved away for two years & was seen by another dentist, and I remember the dentists from when I was little-- all treated you like a number, getting you through procedures without much real concern for you. You definitely feel apreciated as a patient and as a person in Dr. Hardy's office.EDIT- Dr Hardy has sold the practice & retired.  I've gone a couple times since and they've been professional & friendly. Still very happy with them.
1	Very disappointed with the services performed by both the hygienist and dentist. Although the office staff is personable, I had the worst, minimalistic dental cleaning of my life. (My oral-B electric toothbrush does a better job!)  I was also told that instead of repairing the beginning of a loose filling in an otherwise very healthy tooth, they wanted to drill down my natural tooth and replace it with a crown.  Destroying a living tooth is not my idea of preventive dentistry!  My husband also said he would never go back because of the skimpy dental cleaning he received and overall dissatisfaction with their "expertise."  Don't get me wrong, I'm very cognizant of the importance of maintaining a healthy mouth, but when policy and better judgment err against saving a natural tooth for the potential financial gain of the practitioner (costs associated with the crown), I look for another, more confident and trained dentist.  No wonder their office is dead!  There used to be a time when dentists were skillfully taught a trade and profession; anymore, they are financially driven like common mechanics that want to replace natural living parts too quickly with breakable, man-made replacements.
