4	I went here w/ my cousins who grew up in the area.  Apparently, it's a local watering hole for the area's twenty-something trust fund babies.  The story goes that the place used to be a pharmacy run by the father of the two owners.  Once dad wanted to retire, he handed the business to the boys who then "transitioned" the business into a bar, hence "Bar"-macie.Anyway, the music was great but a bit loud.  Not a terribly big place but more of a place to be seen I guess.  Very college/university feel but fun nonetheless.  Drinks were ok but the place was just overflowing w/ people and the toilets are an interesting but ultimately poor design choice.
4	I liked the style of this place. The menu, though a bit confusing at first, draws you into the whole apothecary feeling with glossy white bar, clean decor and drinks with small spoons in them solidifying it.  I had a raspberry vodka with li-chi juice and it was tasty and fairly inexpensive - $7. The crowd - I'd say half-and-half.  There were a couple of groups "hunting" but there were some cool artsy types as well..
4	Definitely one of the hipper and affordable places to go out in Montreal. The place has a really cool DJ and atmosphere. The building itself use to be an old pharmacy, hence the name Baldwin Barmacie. The cliental is fashionable, so dress to impress here. One of the cooler features of this bar is the option to buy 8 and 16 ounce bottles of hard alcohol (as oppose to the standard 26) which makes it much more affordable and cool. When you buy one of these bottles, you get all the mixers you want for free. Try it out!
4	Fun little concept (pharmacy/bar), nice drinks, good service, pretty clientele, pleasing decor/lighting, good music.  I guess you could typify the vibe as having a loungy feel.  Anyway, my friends and I just popped into this joint after dinner without having heard of it, and were pleasantly surprised.  Recommended.
5	I've lived in the US for a longest time, and now having moved to Montreal I start appreciating the very different vibe this city has. When you come to Montreal, don't expect places to be just like they are in Chicago, Boston, Baton Rouge or whatever. Its different, and you got to take it if you want to have fun here. Anyways, Baldwin is one of the favs on my list. Moderately hipster, moderately trust-fund, some students, some working professionals. Well lit, good music (true - a bit too loud), beautiful people. Drinks are good. Say hi to the long-haired bartender JF. He has been there forever. Waitresses are always montreal-hot. Alcohol is on the cheaper side. Try their munchies special - grilled cheese. Its totally worth it. Generally, this is a good spot to go for happy hour any day or to party on Wednesdays. Thu thru Sat its too packed to be comfortable. Reserving tables helps. Gotta call them before 9pm to make reservation. No bottle service required for reserved tables though so its a good move.
4	Billy Baldwin's keeps the beats frrrrrrrrresh!The biggest draw to Baldwin's is their unbelievably cheap bottle service. Most bottles tend to be around $40, and when you order them they are served with whichever mixers you would like. We usually get lychee juice, tonic and coke with limes.Electro-rock, bottle service, young-professional crowd make you feel like a high roller. At the end of the night the walls will be revolving at warp speed.
4	I love this place, the decor is freakin awesome!Love the feel of the place and the martini's were great!
5	I love this place.. Very cool place to enjoy great drinks and people watch. This area reminds me soo much of Mercer St in NYC with a French twist of course.. As a previous yelper mentioned: the Decor is awesome.. My Manhattan was perfectly made.. Kudos to the super friendly female bartender at the bad bar.. We had a GREAT time.. Highly recommend to all.
5	Wow, here it is - the Alpha (and hopefully the Omega).Let me explain: Barmacie had the honor (and I had the honor as well) of being my first bar. It was a few years back now, and I was not of legal drinking age in the U.S., but Oh, Canada! Yes, Barmacie was the first place I stumbled out of and blurrily whirred around looking for a cab, thinking (for the first of many, many times) "uh. where the jumping damn jesus do i go from here?"Ok, Ok. It's getting off track. The experience itself. Barmacie is amazing. The decor is incredibly cool, the staff was awesome, and the crowd seemed pretty good. I wasn't such an adventurous imbiber then as I am now, so I missed out on some of their strongest offerings, I gather, but what I had was quite good. I can't wait to return. Everything about this place was fun and beautiful. It got me started on my boozing ways, and IF (and this is totally hypothetical) I was ever to keel over on a barstool somewhere, Barmacie is only about one of two or so places I'd be ok with that happening.
4	This place keeps it mutha f**king classy without making those of us with less than $40  in our pocket feel uncomfortable. The furniture and decor is lovely, feel free to live out your MADMEN fantasy here. I felt like I was meeting with a sexy client to discuss business but I was just talking with friends about "House Party" and "House Party 2" :) Do yourself a favor and go. It looks awesome and drinks are not expensive. I mean averagely 7 dollars. Good date place also.
5	Laurier West is the best!  Great restaurants, bars, etc.  The Barmacie is a must to on this fun street.  We had a long wait for a table at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant down the street and the hostess suggested we stop in at Baldwin's Barmacie for a cocktail before dinner.  We were so happy we did.  great atmosphere and the drinks we had were all great.  I strongly recommend the Lionnel and if you like spicy drinks get the spicy cocktail.
5	Great bar! I usually leave in some form of black out. But my friends say I enjoy it;)
5	Fun, fun, fun! I usually start my night at Greasy Spoon and then walk up the street to Baldwin's. It's a very cool atmosphere, the place is always happening, and the music is great. Whether you're coming here with a few friends or a date, Baldwin's is perfect. Take a seat by the bar and face the array of medicine bottles or snuggle up on the couches and enjoy the ambience.My favorite drinks are le Pharmacien, Bourbon Punch, and their amazing Mojitos - some of which get served in steel 'medicinal' cups. After a good night of drinking, enjoy their grilled cheese sandwiches (my favourite) or mac n' cheese - they're tiny servings, but perfect for late night drunchies.
4	The Baldwin - ou le Bald' pour les intimes - use to rock and drown my post first-year student Thursday Montreal nights.At first low key and a word of mouth gem, le  Bald' does not need to hide anymore: I could witness the increasing enthusiasm from Montrealers over the years and now bouncers will make you wait in line. No worries, our temple is nowhere close to suffocating, and the crowd remains cool, diverse and unpretentious - from bankers to hipsters.Even with an interior design rooted in the city that never sleeps' classy industrial gems, Baldwin is more than a piece of NYC: it is classy Montreal-inspired audacity. From its subtle and elegant minimalistic white decor to its creative drinks (I always get a Pharmacien and a Bourbon Punch - $8/$9 each and bottles are cheap), the bar reveals a cool and real personality which I haven't even felt in the City. More, the music puts Baldwin halfway between a bar and club without crossing the bumpin' lines with well-thoughts electronic hip pop-twisted tracks. Caribou clashing with B.I.G is just an example. Audacious at every level.The city's institution. Who dares wins.
5	Really trendy, cool place. A great late night scene.
4	Great concept! Definitely worth the try !
3	Good drinks, good concept. Music is pretty good too. Mostly nice staff with an exception of a couple who think the pleasure is all yours to wait for them to serve you.
5	"Where the eff is 115?!" This was an overused phrase while walking up and down Laurier looking for Baldwin Barmacie as the store numbers got bigger and smaller at random. I was determined to find this place though because out of all the pre-trip research I did, Baldwin Barmacie was on my "must see" list. Visiting Montreal for the weekend and wanting to get out of the main tourist spots, my friend and I decided to make the trek to the Miles End-ish neighborhood. After a wrong turn off the Metro, a failed attempt at bar #1, hands and noses that were chilled to the core and the frustration of actually finding the place, once the bar was in sight, I knew right from the entrance that I was going to like it. Balwin Barmaice made me feel right at home, this place could easily be found on South Beach (minus the mandatory $2 coat check), offering a casual yet trendy vibe where the clientele were upscale and the decor streamlined with a gimmicky twist, using retro bottles to mimic old fashioned pharmaceutics and unique lighting and chandeliers which casted a romantic glow on the place. At 9:30, Baracie was already picking up and seats were in high demand. My friend and I were able to score 2 stools at the bar where a number of bar tenders came to our service. The menu was in an english/french hybrid, but the waitstaff was affable and happy to answer any of our questions. I ended up ordering some mac n' cheese complimented with a peach bellini and my bestie got a grilled cheese with a "miss Baldwin" which was some sort of strawberry vodka mixed with something refreshing. The food was yummy and hit the spot. My drink was a tad on the small side, but tasty nonetheless. My friend's cocktail was delish and a good size. I don't think either drink was all that strong; I'm a lightweight and usually it only takes one cocktail to make me feel the alcohol swirling around my brain. Didn't feel a thing here though. Balwin Barmacie offers a great atmosphere and fair prices, their drinks could use some more conviction but all in all a really great spot!
4	beautiful location to relax and have a drink.  Server communicated in english which is a plus.  But I still had my french speakers to help.  Drinks were good.  I liked it.
1	Really don't get the hype around this place. I'd been once before in the early evening on a weeknight about a year ago and enjoyed it, but my more recent experience there on a Friday night was horrible. I'm a native Montrealer who now lives in NYC and came here with a friend from New York -- we both enjoy the cocktail bars in New York (Raine's Law Room, Little Branch, Weather Up...are some of my favorites) and I thought this would be a good place to go and try to impress people with what Montreal has to offer.There was so much wrong with the place this time that I don't even know where to start but I guess I have to somewhere.For a supposed "cocktail" bar, the drink list and quality is severely lacking. You need to offer something more interesting than a mojito or apple martini if you want to distinguish yourself from any crappy lounge/club on St Laurent. Moreover, the drinks should actually be good: Ours were way too sweet and unbalanced.(I also thought it was hilarious they couldn't make a Pimm's Cup because they were out of Pimm's! How does a bar run out of the base for one of the few drinks it offers??? That's like KFC running out of chicken.)Next, it was way too crowded. That wouldn't be terrible but this place is aiming for a certain sophistication (which it laughably misses). Instead of letting every single person outside into the bar, I'd rather just be made to wait outside for a bit until it clears out inside. It wasn't enjoyable having people pressed up against my back or waiting 20 minutes to make/get a drink order because the staff were overwhelmed.The crowd is amazingly douchey in a Jersey Shore way. Tanktops, basketball shorts, Wu-Tang t-shirts -- name the douchey clothing item and some guy there was wearing it. Absolutely classless, really. A little door policy would go a long way (shit like that doesn't fly in NYC), but clearly Baldwin Barmacie doesn't care.Music was deafeningly loud and a bad blend of generic house and techno. Again, is this a club or a cocktail bar? I'm sorry, but hipster staff in Coke-bottle glasses and long spoons in drinks does not a cocktail bar make.Finally, it's not even nice in here. Sure, from afar it seems cool. But look closer (or better yet, just sit down). The tables are dinky and tiny, the chairs are dirty and the long bench against the wall is covered in some sort of cheap rubber-pleather.Going back to the beginning, the main problem is that the drinks suck. They're not at all interesting, they use cheap liquor (plastic handles...also, soda guns on the non-alcoholic side, instead of real stuff), are weak and they don't taste good. The bad crowd, bad music, and bad service don't help, either... but ultimately, the drinks just suck.Really wondering if I went to the same bar as everyone who gave this place 4 and 5 stars or if they just have no frame of reference. Barmacie Baldwin should either stop halfassing the cocktail bar thing, or give up and become just another bar in Montreal with crappy overpriced drinks (let me get one thing clear -- I'm perfectly happy spending 17 bucks on a good drink but the ones here aren't worth even 12) and greased-up shaved-head dudes in beaters.
3	I don't know what other reviewers are talking about. It was not crowded and the waiters were very nice and accommodating. Easy jazz and lounge covers of Motown kept it real...if real were the set of Mad Men season 1. I enjoyed the atmosphere more than anything else. There were no guidos in sight. I guess it's a completely different vibe and crowd later in the evening. If so, that is unsettling.The menu seemed oddly lacking, and I couldn't let that slide. A posh, throwback bar should have fancier cocktails and more of them. And higher quality liquor and more of that too. Seriously, Beefeater? Don't advertise that. Also, I don't understand the "barmacie" menu in the back. 16 oz of straight liquor for sale? They should have a head count for these orders or be very ashamed of themselves.I felt like certain elements of design were poorly executed, or at least didn't jive with the theme. For example, my favorite cocktail of the evening was the dirty bloody martini, which is a dirty martini with a splash of bloody Mary mix. It was a delicious combination of my two favorite cocktails. However, the name just seems a bit crass for the environment. Nobody wants to feel like a tampon when they're soaking up a drink. And the all-in-one toilet and sink has to be the most unique and disturbing bathroom layout I've ever seen.
2	I'm not one of those cocktail snobs who thinks that drinks don't get interesting until the number of items on your ingredient list hits double digits, or who scoffs at liquors that don't take out full page ads in airline magazines. (Honestly, what most impresses me is a recipe that elevates ordinary--or even flat out mediocre--ingredients through craft or proportion. A well made G&T, for example, using generic gin and generic tonic can still be a fine potion.) But I do appreciate attention to detail, odd ingredients, and imagination. A craft cocktail, in short, is my bevvie of choice. I also appreciate the aesthetic that dominates most cocktail bars--restrained, mellow, understated. It's easier to converse, to sip your drink, to pretend that you're a grown up.I entered Baldwin Barmacie on my must-try list as soon as I heard about it. Whenever my wife and I were in the neighborhood on one of our date nights, I made sure to swing by. But it was always packed. Not busy. Packed. It would have been required serious MMA skills just to look at the menu posted out front. Actually, since my MMA skills are grasshopper level on a good day, I don't even know if they have a menu out front. And it was loud--as in hear-it-from-two-blocks-away loud. I figured that the universe had just randomly opened a wormhole from Crescent Street, and I hoped it was temporary. But I bumped it from my must-try list to my if-there's-time-and-it's-convenient list.So, my wife and I are passing by early one evening, and lo, it's open and empty. We have time. It's convenient. We step in. We're greeted by garish, bright lighting (maybe they dim it later in the evening?) and pallid white decor that, I suppose, aims to evoke that slightly medical, institutional feeling that a pharmacy has. Apart from the lighting, it's tasteful enough, but definitely NOT a speakeasy. Two people are behind the bar. Nothing in their dress or comportment suggests that they're bartenders, but what else could they be?We sit down at the bar. The bartender gives us water and drink menus. (I appreciate it that the water came before we ordered.) Given the reviews I've read, I'm expecting an exciting menu. It's not. Nothing looks bad, but there are no marks of real craft. No manifestly foolish concoctions that you've just got to try to see if they work. No inspired twists on classics. No rare spirits. No house-made infusions or tinctures.We each order a cocktail. We watch the bartender make them. She seems bored, which first off means that she's not very professional. It also means that some of that boredom seeps into the cocktails, and indeed, they were terribly uninteresting. I can't remember what they were called or what ingredients they comprised, and I can't be bothered to look it up in my notes. God, I'm bored just reliving that experience.Bottom line: Baldwin Barmacie is just another trendy bar. It's definitely not a speakeasy. While the decor is is basically inoffensive, it most certainly isn't restrained, mellow, or grown up. Ambiance is typically gregarious, titillating, and sleek. And since they serve mixed drinks that, while they won't make you gag, won't pique your interest either, I hesitate even to call it a cocktail bar. Cocktails are trendy these days, and this place has all the earmarks of wanting to be trendy.So if you want an exciting, up and coming place that serves mixed drinks, then bottoms up. But if you actually like to savor interesting and tasty cocktails, go to Lab (on Rachel) instead.
4	This is a great cocktail bar in the Mile End neighbourhood.  It's very intimate and is a great spot to come for a date or a drink with friends..  If you go during happy hour or early on a Saturday night the noise level won't be too bad making talking very easy but it does get noisy as the night progresses as the place starts to fill up and the music gets louder.
5	Solid drink list and pre-dinner snack list.  That's it. Clean and crisp w/ awesome lounge vibe. Peter
3	The Mojito was nice, but I could use a bit more of it, with all the ice, I drunk it with 3-4 sips, and when you see the price.... MehI had "grilled cheese sandwich" which was basically toasts and not so great cheese, with 3 pickles.And the red wine at the end was ok but... MehSo yeah, I'll remember : MehNice place though, pretty chilled
5	Great drinks, better service and pleasant atmosphere. What I really like about this place is the fact that the noise level is perfect ( music is at a comfortable level and the crowd is laid back but fun). Very diverse mix of ages and backgrounds with a sheik vibe. The Martini's are to die for and the apple cider is spot on!  CERTAINLY worth a visit after dinner at Juni! .
1	Yo this place is for YUPPIES. If your a real punk go drink at CASA DEL POPOLO or L'Esco. The ambiance sucks and the menu is stupid. You go to pharmacies to feel better and bars can make you pass out blotto on the sidewalk in your own puke! Would a real pharmacy cause you that much misery? No. So this place is, in fact, a logical fallacy (or phallacy for you pervs, boinggg!)
4	Barmacie ..u got it?! The science of bar lol...Nice decoration, "Le Lionel" that's my drink,Montreal made me discover Prosecco  and here it's mix with vodka, affordable..Dj spin different tunes
4	Overall it's a very nice and trendy place. We had a great time. The decor is simple but just right. Drinks : very tasty and original.Staff : the bartender who served us was very knowledgable and suggested thins for us according to our taste. Very nice, kudos.Note : this place is not for everyone and does focus on a certain type of clientele. But if you're open minded, you'll have a great time.
4	Cool space. I really liked their patio, and the indoor decor was also gorgeous. I didn't get any of the food, but their cocktails were all delicious. I felt like the prices could have been a little lower for the basic cocktails (like the Tom Collins). We ordered one drink (augh I forget what it was) that was good, but a little soapy-- and the presentation was gross because the chalky white liquid got all stuck along the sides of the glass as you drank. Not exactly appetizing. My favorite drink was the campari and pamplemousse. Worth a return trip.
5	Look, if there's a place serving ten dollar drinks made by bartenders with on-trend clothing and well-maintained facial hair, you know we're gonna be there. But what I still can't get over is how a place like this that by all rights should be too-cool-for-school manages to simultaneously remain so unpretentious and downright friendly to a couple of American yokels like us. I mean it's gotta be some of that Canadian-kinda earnesty seeping through, but God it was so refreshing. I mean, first of all there's no dumbass doorman at the door harshing your mellow the minute you walk in to the joint. And even if it is a Saturday night, you can sit right down at the bar and have a nice chat with the bartender, and he'll serve you your slightly overpriced drink with a smile. And yes, though that drink is ten bucks, it'll be an honest pour, and if you get the dark and stormy like I did, there will be more rum in it than ginger beer (even though it'll be served up in a glass and not a copper mug), and if you get a bourbon punch like the SO, you'll taste that liquor too. And then you can sit with a crowd of loud but not obnoxious adults and enjoy chatting with whoever you came there with. There'll be a DJ, but he'll play some slick tunes and the volume won't be overpowering; more often than not, you'll be nodding along rather than wishing he'd stop playing the Katy Perry.  Spot-on atmosphere, just spot-on. This is the kind of place where the bartender will give you an extra drink on the house because he was too slow getting out the one you ordered before. Like, where does something like that even happen? And when can we come again?
5	After a night of bar hopping, we finally arrived at Baldwin Barmacie where they actually had legit drinks. Everywhere else in MTL was watered down or syrupy crap, but here they were actually really well made drinks with a great balance of alcohol and great depth of flavor. The service was great as well and we were able to get a comfortable seat easy enough after waiting for a few minutes, even though it was the "busy" part of the night. Definitely try the Bourbon Punch and their Old Fashioned since both are superbly made.
2	Saturday night brings all the 18 year olds to the bar. Later and later the crowd turned pre-puberty. I'm not an ageist, it was just ransacked with uni kids. Which explains the sweetness of the cocktails. Almost too sweet apart from the Dark & Stormy was really good. The mojito would make Mexico disown the mojito. The Bourbon punch makes you want to punch yourself for making a horrible decision. The space itself is cool and super nice for a weekday date. Hot tip.
4	This remains a beautiful bar with friendly, talented staff. I was glad to be invited back here recently and reminded of how lovely an experience it can be to sit at the bar beneath the gorgeous blown amber glass lights and drink careful cocktails. With the addition of Kabinet across the street and Sparrow around the corner you have a sweet cocktail scene happening here, which is good for upping everyone's crafty game, and for giving us even more reasons to adventure in the mile end in the evening.
