5	Authentic Mexican food is terribly hard to find in Montreal. Manana is a cute little place right outside of Sherbrooke metro and it's about as authentic as you're going to find in Montreal, short of a newly-arrived Mexican's kitchen. The restaurant could easily accommodate 75 people and weather permitting, a terrasse allows for a few more patrons. The tables are decorated with brightly-coloured linens, Mexican music plays over the speakers and the walls are adorned with typically folky Mexican art. The table d'hote is actually a pretty good deal--you get a small appetizer (usually soup or salad), the meal and a dessert with coffee, for around $14-$20ish, depending on what you opt for. If you choose to go a la carte, the guacamole is, of course, delicious. My favourite item on the menu is a fairly recent discovery--the chorizo and cactus soup. It's a tomato-based sopa with enough spice to make you eat nice and slow, but it's so flavourful and packed with punch you'll want to finish the whole bowl. Another favourite is the margarita. Go for the authentic Mexican style one, which is on the rocks and NOT with crushed ice. You could dine really well (and have a few drinks) for under $50 a person, and in my books, that's a good deal for Montreal. Make reservations, though, because sometimes it can get busy when you least expect it!
4	I had a horrible experience at 3 Amigos and recently recovered...so I thought I'd give another Mexican restaurant a chance! Manana has a great atmosphere and vibe, music was fun, decor was warm and friendly! Waitress was attentive and also very kind. While I waited for my bf she kept refilling my water (i drink tonsss of water) and smiling at me. How NICE! So I started off with an eggplant appetizer, it was sauteed with cheese, peppers, beets, salad, coriander. AMAZING! The main dish I ordered I ended up sharing with my bf because the portion was quite big. It was fajitas pollo, chicken fajitas and boy was the chicken good. It's apparently hard to cook good chicken, but this place seems to do it right. It came with guacamole and beans, rice. Very filling. Extra tortilla was only 25 cents. Another plus was the restaurant knew where their fish/seafood came from. That was great, lots of restos I find don't know where they get their produce/supplies. ( We were trying to be environmentally conscious) my only complaint is that its a bit expensive. My daquiri was 7 bucks, for a virgin, it would make more sense if the daquiri had alcohol..and the other dishes were a bit pricey too. But i wouldn't mind going again. Owns 3 Amigos, for sure.
5	Authenthic Mexican restaurant with great dishes and killer marguaritas.Forget 3 amigos you want the real deal go to Mananas!
4	I've been to Manana a few times and enjoyed every meal I've had here. This is one of the few places in the MTL where you can get authentic Mexican food.However, on my last visit to Manana, I  was let down a bit after ordering the table d'hote. Don't get me wrong - the salad and enchiladas were gorgeous. What disappointed me was that I was served a Costco cake for dessert. I did enjoy the cake, but Costco cake doesn't really scream authentic Mehican in my opinion. Would have given Manana 5 stars if not for the lack-luster dessert.
3	Very average Mexican food. Felt like food just lacked seasoning. Service staff was great, hence 3 stars.
3	Certainly not the best Mexican food I've ever had but this is Montreal after all. The service was exceptional. The restaurant itself is kind of grungy but happy and festive. The rice was strange...easily could have stood in at a Chinese takeout joint. The eggplant app was really good. Everything else, in my opinion, lacked flavor. Chocolate/flan cake for dessert was divine! Don't go with high expectations for great food and your experience will be just fine. The waitress couldn't have been nicer.
4	Overall :Pretty good Mexican restaurant in an active area.  If it's what you're in the mood for, this place will scratch the itch.Food :I had the Enchilada Poblana and it was good.  The mole sauce was a little more chocolaty and spicy than I'm used to, but the whole dish with rice and salad worked together really well.  I can't remember what my partner had, but she was also pretty satisfied.  Maybe not the world's greatest, but definitely on mark and with it's own style.Drinks :She had a melon margarita and I tried a pineapple one.  Both were delicious, and it seemed more like pureed fruit was used rather than just fruit juice.  I wouldn't go out of my way for one, but it was a nice companion to the meal.Service / Decor / AtmosphereEverything else was good enough that I don't remember it being bad, but not so amazing that it blew me away.  You probably won't feel put off by anything here, so if you're looking for a nice easy Mexican restaurant this place has you covered.
