2	After a late start to the day, and a fabulous croissant from Valvona and Crolla with a generous dollop of Claire Leslie's strazzberry jam for brunch, I'm ready for lunch.By the time I made my way across the Meadows, there was a growl in my belly. I've had Japanese food 3 times in the past week; first dinner at Yes Sushi on Hanover Street on Friday, then Number One Sushi on Home street on Sunday evening, and finally Izzi on Lothian road for lunch yesterday.Today I thought I'd try Koyama on Forrest road. I've been past it on my way into town many times, but have always been in too much of a rush to go in.My first impression on entering was this place is much larger, with a set up similar to sushi restaurants in Canada and the US. Some booths as well as small tables, red paper lanterns, and Hokusai prints on the walls.Although I'd consider myself adventurous in what I eat, I must admit I have my 'usuals' when I eat Japanese. Unagi (eel) nigiri and hand roll, sea bass sashimi and some sort of noodle soup.The problem was, today the menu outside was very different to the menu I was presented with. Quite a few things had disappeared, including the hearty noodle soups and the unagi hand roll. In fact, the only mention of eel was in a maki roll and in an unagi don style rice dish. I was told this was the 'Festival menu', and no, the chef could not make any of the missing items from the regular menu. Not a good start, as that just had me thinking the sushi was not freshly made.I ordered sea bass and salmon sashimi, and decided to try the eel maki. For my main dish I had the mixed seafood yaki udon.The salmon sashimi was sliced a bit thick for my taste, less delicate pieces of fish and more generous mouthfuls. The sea bass sashimi was fine, topped with firm roe and sliced thinly.The eel maki had a bit too much rice and not enough eel, though there was a nice crunch of cucumber. Disappointingly, there was barely any eel to speak of.My udon came with panko-fried prawns and pieces of various other seafood,  which tasted suspiciously like scampi! The prawns had a nice crisp crust though, which was the high point of the dish. The noodles were slightly overcooked and limp, and the sauce lacked robust flavour.To top things off, I was then informed by the waitress that despite the sign advertising a 10% student discount, this only applied if I paid in cash! I spoke to the manager and she allowed me the discount, but I think it's a little misleading as there was no mention of cash payments only on the sign in their window!I'll give them the benefit of the doubt here as it is Festival season, and normal rules don't apply, evidently. It was a disappointing experience and a mediocre meal, but I may go back and try their wares when it's back to the normal menu.
4	Very good sushi. One of Edinburgh's finest. We summed it up: "we really like this place. We will go back. It is right near the university, but not overrun by students. The menu is eclectic and everything we tried was well made and tasty. The simply decor and the atmospheric music playing at a low enough level not to harass, was an added bonus. And at the end, they gave us mints and opened the door for us."
2	Meh. That really does describe this place very well: meh. Unfortunately, the food just simply isn't very note-worthy. This place is in a student-packed area and caters to them, almost exclusively one would think.It's a shame that the owner doesn't take any real pride in his restaurant as this really could be a top establishment. The service is very, very friendly as Jenny L. noted, and with the roomy front-of-house there really is not excuse not to put out great food.But alas, they don't. It's like that date in the car where you're expecting to get lucky and all you get is second base, and second base turns out to be really not that exciting because - well, do I need to take this any further? It's just down-right disappointing and it shouldn't have to be!Damnit owner, step up your game, I'm rooting for you here.
4	I am a bit of a sushi snob...so looking at the previous reviews, I am pretty glad that I didn't try the nigiri sushi here. I wouldn't say this is the most authentic Japanese food, but it was all really yummy, so who cares? (^^) We came in a huuuge group - I think there were 25 of us - so the staff made us a tasty set menu that was incredibly filling. The chicken was covered in some kind of gooey sauce which didn't taste Japanese...but was really moorish. The karaage, miso and maki roles were all good (although it was strange to have spicy sauce served with sushi!!)We were with some staff from the Embassy of Japan, and the Japan Local Government Centre in London. They were so happy to have Japanese food in Edinburgh, that they all left smiling and happy! Lastly there is a karaoke room downstairs. They don't have a large selection of songs, but they let us plug in a sing-star... and allowed us to sing until we all lost our voices. Yay!I would give this place 3 stars for the food...but the staff were really sweet and accommodating... so they get an extra star.Ooooh! I just thought of a strange thing! Next to the ladies loo is a staircase that leads to nowhere! wtf? I came out of the loo and started walking up these trick stairs...only to hit my head on the celling! Beware tipsy folks!!
2	My experience here last night pretty much mirrors that of the reviewer from August 2011. As a local I'd really rather not pay more during one month of the year just so tourists can have extra cash rung out of them but as Koyama deploy their Festival menu during August that is what happens (don't expect any soup other than miso however as the overheads on that don't justify a price increase / it's too hard to make in August  you decide).Food-wise certainly no complaints but the staff all succumbed to blindness when it came to having us pay the bill, despite having brought it down to us. We weren't the only table to experience this so I'd hazard a guess that it occurs regularly. A disappointment overall that overshadows the good work being done in the kitchen.
4	Innnnnteerrreesssting!If I had read the reviews, I probably wouldn't have bothered with Koyama, but going to the SR's uni farewell party at the restaurant, I knew it was a favourite of the kids. By kids, I mean 20-40 yr olds. Reading the reviews, I wonder if perhaps there is a different chef, because the sushi I had was great (granted, the spicy tuna rolls were a bit too spicy for me personally), and the dragon roll was superb, and very neatly put together. The miso soup was also really good - something that I've noticed in the UK tends to be much weaker than what I've had elsewhere. Probably my only note of dischord would be that the rolls can be huge, so you either have to have a large mouth, or work out how to not make a mess when you bite the rolls in half. I was perfectly happy with Koyama, tasty enough sushi that had me craving more, which is always a good sign!
4	Longest and tastiest Dragon roll I've ever had. Basic interior but comfy and relaxed.Service was quite slow - especially odd as it wasn't busy.Really fresh salmon for the nigiri -good value. Only took 1 star away because the rice for the nigiri and maki fell apart as we tried to pick it up. A big surprise was the Pumpkin Croquette - it was virtually identical to my favourite itm from Yo - the pumpkin Korroke!!  Maybe they both buy them from the same supplier - if so, can I have the address please so I can stock my freezer??
5	nice taste, cost-effective. the soy sauce is very good.I will bring my friends there next time.
