4	I love Barre Las Vegas.  I was apprehensive when I went for my first class, but it was one of the best workouts I've ever gotten.  The staff is friendly and helpful, the instructor is understanding of physical limitations, and the facility is clean, well-lit and beautifully decorated.  The mixed barre class is appropriate for women of all skill levels- you don't feel like a loser if you can't do everything, yet even dancers get a great workout.  This class is great for stretching and toning.  After the class, I felt like I achieved my goals, but I didn't feel beat up or exhausted.My only complaints: the dressing/bathroom area is pretty small, and one wall of the classroom doesn't have a mirror, so you have to be quick to get a good spot.
5	I took their introductory free class, and I was immediately hooked! The bar workout is wonderful for increasing strength, toning your body, and improving posture and flexibilty. The exercises weren't impossibly difficult, but they were definitely a challenge! I love how the instructors always have a different exercise routine, so your body never gets used to the same workout - even if you have the same instructor every week, she mixes it up. The studio is a bit small, but clean and new. I wish they had more full length mirrors throughout (3/4 of the area has full mirrors) just in case the class is full. It really helps to check your posture and make sure you're doing your poses correctly. Despite the size of the studio, they keep class sizes below 15 people so I think it works out very well. The instructors and front desk people are all really nice too. Cost is on the pricy side, but compared to other bar method studios in the country it's actually a bargain. I highly recommend taking advantage of their intro price packages.
5	I've been a member since February this year. Love the place, the fact that it's conveniently located in Town Square (and opening a new location in Summerlin soon) and the instructors here. The ballet barre method is basically a mixture of cardio, ballet (using the bar), pilates and some yoga. Every muscle exercise is then followed by stretching. I've done this for more than 4/5 months now and have not had a single injury. There must be something to all that stretching. Classes max out at 20 people and usually there are fewer people so there is significant individual attention to posture and you don't feel too crowded. The timings of the classes are also perfect. There are morning, lunchtime and evening classes. Perfect for everyone's schedule!The thing I like most about Ballet Barre is the fact that I feel so relaxed when doing the class and after. It's my time to decompress and it also does wonders for my body. Whenever I miss a few days of classes, I notice the difference. I'm more stressed and agitated. Barre really calms me down. The owner of the studio, Sue (who also teaches a kickass class) is very nice, approachable and open to comments and ideas (there is a suggestion box in the back of the studio and she actually reads the comments...I know because she's addressed mine!). Christi, Coralissa and Dana are also some of the amazing instructors and I look forward to their classes. I think Barre has been an integral aspect in my not going insane during the busier times at work. I highly recommend this studio to women who are interested in going to a class to decompress, tone and have  a workout while surrounded by like-minded, professional women and energetic instructors. Give Barre a try...locals get the first class free and you'll be hooked from then. PS. The Barre studio also serves as a lulumon store.
4	I really like this place! I will be trying out the new office in Summerlin soon, I just haven't been able to sign up yet because the classes have been completely booked. I found out about this place through groupon. I got a a killer deal on 5 classes, which is really 6 since the first class is free. My first class was the mixed level and it was insane! The instructor was nice and the workout was exhausting! My girlfriend and I were sore as hell for 5 days afterwards. The level one class was a lot less strenuous but still a killer workout.
5	All I can say is WOW!I have a membership to 24 Hour Fitness.... and after a 1-week introductory membership to Barre.... I'm hooked.  I'll keep my 24HF membership (just cuz), but I now have purchased classes at Barre too to mix up my workout routine.Their classes are fun and intense.  It's like working out with a trainer without paying the price of a trainer. Their Mixed Barre class works the whole body.... of course, it is all about a strong core, concentrating on specific areas for specific movements.  I've only been to 3 Mixed Barre classes and so far each of them has been different which is really great. I've been to 1 Cardio Yoga class and it's a fantastic class.  It's Yoga with some cardio mixed in.  It's hard to explain, but you work up a nice sweat and get the heart rate going so ... it works.  :)  Unlike going to the gym (which I see as a chore), I actually look forward to the Barre classes.  :)Yes, I hurt from all the leg, butt and shoulder moves.... but it's a "good" hurt... meaning.... muscles hurt that I didn't even know were muscles.  (Probably because they are weak-ass muscles, but I know after more Barre classes.... I won't be so sore.)I recommend at least trying 1 class.  It is not for everybody... but it does seem like quite a few people that try it... like it.  And the instructors are really fabulous!
5	First of all I LOVE BARRE! I had started to work out at the Barre in January of 2010. I soon became ADDICTED the more results I saw the more I was making time for my body, which was something I was not used to. I had signed up for so many gym memberships before and never went. This was the first time I was actually waking up to work out before work. I lost 20 lbs and found myself working out 4 to 5 times a week. All the girls and trainers are amazingly trained and very well educated so if you were to need a modification because of an injury, they will know exactly what to do. I also feel that I will be corrected If I'm doing anything wrong and that was something my gym experience was lacking, so I never feel like I will hurt myself.  I found myself out of a job last July and noticed Barre had a listing for a receptionist position on craigslist. I thought  this must be a miracle, so I went to work out the next day and found myself asking about the position and if it was still open. I got hired and ever since Barre has changed my life in the best ways. It's definitely a way of life and I'm so happy to have something as amazing as this to influence me to be better to my body. To all of my Barre Family you guys rock!!!!!
4	Barre Las Vegas gets a solid 4.5 stars from me. I got a Groupon back in April and just recently started to use it. It was $45 for ten classes, which is a steal considering that one drop in class is usually $20. I definitely feel the endorphins after class is through! As a former dabbler in ballet, I definitely can see where the technique's influence is drawn from. The classes are low impact, but you must have some athletic inclination to do them. I really enjoyed using the Groupon and wish I could continue to afford the classes!They offer a variety of class types. The basic class is MIXT barre, but there are variations on the classes for higher skill levels. I only took the MIXT classes with a variety of teachers--some teachers are awesome, others are a little lacking. The best in my opinion is Sarah who teaches on Sunday mornings. She's got the best energy of all the teachers, and also the most helpful with corrections if you aren't doing the movement correctly. Highly, highly recommend taking a class with her!Socks are required on the carpet, and they recommend wearing socks with little rubber grips on the bottom. I, too, recommend socks with little grips on them, because one day I wore socks without grips and i couldn't stay up during the plank exercises. They also do not allow shorts in the studio.A couple negatives: some of the teachers do not spend equal time on the left and right side. Sometimes I would end up being more sore on one side of my body than the other. I didn't feel like I "meshed" with some of the teachers, but that is like any part of life, I suppose. There were some teachers I didn't feel gave me the best workout possible. The biggest negative for a recent-college-grad-part-time-job-holder like me is the price. Without a Groupon, for me, $20 per class is prohibitively expensive. They do offer packages as well -- like the special going on now, $399 for 3 months unlimited. However, it is just not in my budget. I am keeping my eye out for another Groupon or deal, and may eventually break down and buy a package. I enjoy it so much but my wallet does not!
5	This is the BEST fitness studio in Henderson hands down! The studio is very clean and beautiful. The staff could not be friendlier and more helpful. All their trainers are down to earth, motivating and sweet but they have no problem kicking your butt for the best results!!! After going to Barre for 5-6 days a week for four months, I've seen results I didn't know my body was capable of, I'm so much stronger, leaner and I have the energy a 24 year old is supposed to have. My Goal: Jennifer Aniston arms= accomplished! I was not a former dancer, and these classes that are ballet-inspired/yoga-esque/Pilates workouts were never something I saw working for my body type you're working your smaller muscles as opposed to the large muscle groups and sure enough it even surprised me! "If at first you don't succeed try again" They also offer several other classes that fit the needs of anyone who walks through their door! I have sent a lot of my friends to "The Body Barre" and they all love it. Thank you "Body Barre" for everything you have done for me! This place is amazing!
5	The owners and trainers are awesome, the studio is clean and the environment is welcoming to all ages and skill levels!  If you are results driven and get bored easily, these are the classes for you!  There is variety within each class and among different instructors while remaining true to the basics of barre.  The staff is caring, informative, and provide modifications for all levels.  Signing up for classes is easy and TRX rocks!  I have been attending faithfully for five weeks and I am twice as strong in that short time.  The entire Body Barre experience is positive and fun!
5	Great studio in Henderson.  The owners and instructors are supportive and push you when you need it.  A very clean and welcoming studio. Really enjoying the TRX classes.. my Christmas wish is........... they add a few more!
3	Killer hard workout.  However, it is great for your body.  Not my idea of a fun workout.  Instructors are good but I do think the classes are overpriced.
5	I LOVE the Body Barre!  The staff and owners are fabulous.  I'm turning 50 this year, and I'm in the best shape of my life thanks to Barre and all the instructors that continually push me every day!!! I look forward to going there every day :) I do triathlons and this is the BEST complement to keep me healthy.
5	Learn from my mistakes folks. I decided to give barre a try and silly me thought "A ballet workout? No sweat!" Boy was I wrong! In 60 minutes thebodybarre classes work each of your muscle groups to EXHAUSTION and then stretch them all out (well hello long lean muscles, where have you been all my life?). If you do it right you will definitely break a sweat. The instructors keep things interesting and no class is ever the same so it's always a challenge for your body (and booty). I attended classes for 3-5 days/week and started seeing some major changes after only a month! Still not convinced? Attend any class and you will see women of all ages who look absolutely phenomenal. If that isn't motivating, I don't know what is!Helpful hints for your first barre class:-Wear comfortable form fitting work out clothes (no shorts): the instructors need to see your muscles working in order to help correct your form-Invest in a pair of "grippy" socks-Check Groupon for first timer deals-Make your class reservation online or by phone as some classes do fill up quick-Arrive 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork and get a quick studio tour-Get ready to feel muscles you never knew existed!
5	Having been an athlete all my life I'm used to intense workouts and figured this would be an easy change of pace to tone down my workouts. Like other reviewers said.. I was wrong! I LOVE the workout I get in these classes. My muscles are alwasy shaking and feel delightfully fatigued after each and every class here. I've been coming 3 times a week and hope to be able to attend more once my work schedule changes. In just 3 times a week I've noticed my arms and back muscles are more toned.. my husband has commented my behind looks more toned and lifted.. what more could you want!The instructors here are so welcoming and friendly. The little adjustments they make to your form during class really help me get the most out of the hour long workout! I would normally agree it's a little on the pricey side for a gym, but I honestly feel it's worth the money because of the small classes and the personalized corrections you get during each class! I also love that they do an instagram and monthly newsletter. I've gotten some great recipes for healthy treats this way and feel like I'm more than just a number at this gym. I definitely recommend these classes to people who are looking for a little less high impact workout but still want to get great results and a difficult workout!
4	I made my way to Body Barre after buying a Groupon for ten classes. Those ten classes were enough to tone my arms to their best shape ever. Most of the instructors were fun, nice and professional, with the exception of one. Looking back, I wish I could have avoided Liz Denny's classes and I think I would have enjoyed my experience more. Overall, it's a great workout. You'll definitely get your money's worth. My advice to other newcomers, avoid afternoon and Saturday mid-morning classes. They're generally too crowded to get the best work out possible. Also, If you go during the day, there's a girl who moans really load (sounds like sex noises.) It's not a big deal, but it can break your concentration during tough moves. It's hard to focus when you're laughing and everyone's ignoring the elephant in the room.
5	I fly into Las Vegas for the weekend to try out The Body Barre ! I live in Los Angeles and we have lots a of Barre studios so I was excited to see what VEGAS had to offer. My first impression was a perfect one. I love "great room" set ups, and the studio is nice and clean, open, a beautiful retail area and it smelled amazing in there! I actually ended up buying a AQUIESSE candle thats permeates of holiday heaven !!The barre class offer a nice warm up to ease your way into it.. I love all the modifications they offered for beginners and the injured and some advanced variations for some of us that needed to walk out with shaky LEGS. The trip cep was amazing. So this was a full body workout but my favorite part of the class with the side lying BOOTY SERIES.. It hit my TOP Shelf Perky Butt Cheek right where I needed it ! Felt like a FIREBALL !! Id def suggest you try and out !! Both owners Sue and Tawnya are fabuous, fit and inspiring !!
5	the body barre is awesome! The studio is beautiful with a cool, hip vibe. The instructor was motivating, helpful - the workout was intense and fun.  Love this studio - and workout  - will be back for more!
