5	Six yelp stars! !! !!!I put Twenty Degrees Chocolates in a Category by themselves!  I use Twenty Degrees Chocolates as the STANDARD for comparing ALL Chocolates made by Casey Hickey and not made by Casey Hickey!  Casey is a Master at her Craft!  I'm always looking forward to her next creations!Amazing Truffles and a cool Name!  Twenty Degrees Chocolates get the 20 Degrees part of the name because it is 20 degrees from the Equator where the Theobroma Cacao tree is native.  The tree has pods and in the pods is where the raw materials (beans) for Chocolate are taken, then somehow transformed into one of the most lusted after foods on our planet!Located and MADE in Petit Philippe!  These Chocolates stand on their own very nicely and if you want they can be paired with Wine, the other part of Petit Philippe!  Additional Parking Garage located below and is most easily entered off Tranquil Ave.*** *** 12-4-2012  UPDATE - My Girlfriend and I checked out the new Seasonal Selection:Tosca (made for the Orchestra) Pomegranate and Fig in Dark and Milk ChocolateEggnog - White Chocolate Ganache spiked with Rum and Nutmeg, Sugar and Cinnamon topping, I have never been a fan of Eggnog until I tasted this!Gingerbread - Ginger, Clove, Anise Liquer and Nutmeg in Milk ChocolateWe also enjoyed the Hazelnut Meltaway and Caramel Fleur de Sel
5	What's better than delicious gourmet chocolates in a wine tasting room? Nothing I tell ya!  The chocolates are gorgeous, the flavor is rich, inventive and gourmet, and the service is wonderful. These are right on par with Wine Country Chocolates and (dare I say?) Joel Durand Chocolates in France. Casey does this for love of chocolate, not the money and you can taste it in every bite. My only regret? I can't afford to buy more! Are they overpriced? Certainly not! Worth every penny. I look forward to finding these in more places.
5	OK, I've been slacking a little on my plan of tasting all the chocolate in Charlotte, but I finally got out to Petit Philippe to score some Twenty Degrees chocolates today.  I tried Strawberry Balsamic, Pink Champagne, Chambord and Kashmiri Pear.  The strawberry balsamic and the pear contained a slice of pate de fruit resting on a base of truffle filling.  It was a-freaking-mazing. The others had a flavored chocolate interior, but not the soft, heavy, buttery ball-o-ganache type.  This filling was lighter and stiffer in texture, more like you'd get in European style chocolates, and the chocolate flavor was just the right intensity to let the fruit flavors really come out.It would be unfair to declare a favorite at this point in my quest, but, hey, these are pretty good chocolates.
4	Really beautiful chocolates (visually too). I tried the 4 flavored box for about $9- a bit pricey but worth it if you know which flavors you like. Here is the rundown on what I liked best to worst1) Blood Orange Chocolate - The perfect burst of fresh citrus with rich creamy chocolate...this was by far the best!2) Hazelnut Melt - Very delicious for milk chocolate fans like myself. It melted on contact with hands though so be careful if you take small bites of your chocolate. I also tried the peanut butter melt which tasted like muddy buddy treats during Christmas...but if that's your thing check it out.3) Pink Champgane - While it was rich and overall good there was nothing champagne-esqe about it to me. The flavor was anyone's guess. 4) Kashmiri Pear - This one went uneaten by 8 girls...that says a lot right there. Not very good I would get something else next time.This chocolate certainly is decadent and when served with an amazing wine a worthy treat....however, you may spend a bit of cash searching for your favorite flavor!
5	The most amazing and unique chocolates you will ever have! They are visually stunning almost to beautiful to eat. But once you have one, HOLY COW! I sent a box to everyone I knew. And I can't wait to get back to Charlotte for more! Along with a glass wine in Petit Phillipe. If you have not been here you MUST! Amazing!!!
5	Chocolate. Now that I have your attention, put this on your list to win over your Valentine. Located inside Petite Phillipe on Selwyn.The chocolates are beautiful and taste delicious. You can tell the high quality of the chocolate as you take a bite.The boxed chocolate make lovely gifts for a host, a neighbor, or a sweetheart.
5	Now, if I'm going to pay $16 for a small box/bag of artisan chocolates, this is the kind of place I'm more than happy to do so. Raspberry chipotle, Irish Car Bomb (It has a more eloquent name, but I can't remember it proper), Roasted Banana, Blood Orange...and I can't remember the other few we had because they were so promptly inhaled. All were wonderful, fine tuned like a NASA engineer's work, and only beckoned for more. I will say the raspberry chipotle was one of the best I've experienced in the field of housing heat, from chiles, in chocolate. It was a warm heat. Not an acidic heat like some tend to have, but rather a lasting and welcoming sensation. Staff was super fun as we laughed about the incredible array of flavors. A fun-loving bunch that are conversational and helpful. I'm looking forward to grabbing a glass of wine or 7 at Petite Phillipe next time with some chocolate pairings.
4	I tried a single origin chocolate, which had a very creamy ganache filling with some complex dark chocolate flavor. The strawberry balsamic chocolate was okay - a bit too acidic and sweet for my taste, lacking in strawberry flavor. We just sampled two chocolates though, since they were a bit on the pricey side. But the other flavors looked extremely tempting to try, with their unique flavors and beautiful designs.
5	Chocolate delicacy would best describe this place. Im a huge fan of chocolate and this place has lots of varieties and selections. Oh temptations!
