3	I agree wholeheartedly with Sharon G's assessment. I haven't been lucky to visit the ones in Brazil, but Viva Brazil and Tropeiro in Glasgow are mighty impressive. This place seriously suffers by comparison with them. The salad bar is no good, although we had better luck on the meat front, with the chicken hearts proving quite entertaining little morsels.What I hope is the case is that this is the first of many churrascaria places that open in Edinburgh, as it's a style of dining that I really enjoy. Fingers crossed!Overall, we said: "the meat on offer at Zico's was very tasty. The "salad bar" was rather disappointing, so those with a previous acquaintance with the churrascaria experience won't be blown away by this place. But I'm glad that Edinburgh now has one of these, and imagine we'll get another few appearing, in the next few months. Very well suited to group dining, this place will do just fine, and has a solid opportunity to improve from a good starting point."
4	Meat comes in cycles...Later cuts are juicier!Service can be slow...
3	Armed with a voucher we decided that that was a great excuse to try some Brazilian food. Especially on a dreary day in October, we were in need of some warming food and atmosphere. First of the location; it is right opposite the EICC on Morrison Street. We tried to find a place to have some pre drinks - which was not possible as there is nothing close to this restaurant. Not their fault, obviously, but it would have been nice.  The entrance is on first impression on the outside is ..eh.. Purple. on the inside you are forgiven to think you stepped into a 1990's IKEA canteen. They have the entrance section close to the buffet and churrascaria grilling station. The voucher meals are in 2 sittings between 6-8pm and 8-10pm - we had the former.We were explained how it works: you go to the buffet, select salads, sauces rice, fries etc.. that you can take to your table. The staff will come round with various stacks of meat. Sausages, chicken, lamb, pork, chicken hearts, Parmesan pork, beef from the rib, rump steak, honey glazed gammon and possible more..The buffet had the usual varieties of salad, olives, peppers, beetroot and warm rice dishes, stroganoff (hey they must have loads of leftovers meat that could not be carved anymore, so not too surprising) I was pleased with the condiments - good harissa like chili paste was my favourite!in order to protect yourself from a meat overdose and inefficient meat offerings from the staff you are provided with a disk. One side RED the other side GREEN.When you turn the disk to green, you indicate to the meat-barer that you are open for that offering. Red obviously means 'not now' or eventually 'finished' it is a good system. We took the advise from former visitors that reviewed it and did not overdo the buffet, nor the first offerings of meat. it was rewarded with a few nice cuts of medium rare rump and some succulent honey gammon nearer the end of the sitting. We did notice that the skin (tougher) parts were always offered first. After a while I caught on and asked for more succulent parts to be cut - as I am the the one eating it I like my cuts to be pleasant! Finished off with a couple of Brahmas (Brazilian Beer) we were proper full.Would I go back, possibly when asked, but not seeking it out as a special visit. Their perceived tactics of "fill em up before the nicer meats come out" is a little too obvious. The price I paid on the voucher was just about worth it.
4	Meat ,Meat and more meat!!! This is the second time i have visited Zico's and being honest I wasnt as impressed the second time round, however thats not to say i didnt enjoy it! With an all you can eat Brazillian Rodizio where can you really go wrong?!First of all id like to say that the mean served here ( mainly beef) was tender and delicious!! moist and yummy, and not tough or dry at all! We were even offered warm cinnamon Pinapple and i dont even like warmed up fruit really! Its No BYOB anymore but drinks arent too expensive! We got out  meal on a Itison deal and i woulod defintatley go back. The owner came to say hello to us and the waitresses serving were pleasent. If you like a good feast on meat then go! Worth a visit and a 5 min walk from haymarket :)
3	I do like the starters, they r tasty. However it has very limited choice. Only 4 starters if I'm not wrong.The MEAT, I must say I am bit disappointed with it, they do have a large range of roasted meats, but u can't expect too much on the taste, some of them r overcooked even burned , some of them r too salty, I only find the sweet pork and beef rib r nice. Average waiting time between each roast coming is far too long, we were like wait there and have nothing to eat, the staffs r nice though.We don't have a voucher so it's like 20 quids pp, which is bit overvalued given the quality of meat, however if u r a meat lover with a discount voucher , it's certainly wonderful place for ur nights out.
4	This is one for when you're not in a hurry. Service can be a bit slow but it's worth the wait for all the different cuts off meat. You can't order anything specific but it's great for trying lots of different things. The salad bar isn't anything spectacular but is a nice accompaniment to the meat, which is really the star of the show.
3	This place sells itself as the authentic Brazilian churrasco place, but, in my opinion it is only inspired on this type of restaurants.  The salad bar is pretty much the same you would find in most UK restaurants and the barbecue did not live up to my expectations. That being said, the restaurant is cozy and the service was good. For the carnivores out there, you could definitely eat a lot of meat there, but I recommend you be selective on which offers you accept. The highlights of the night were the Picanha and the Lamb. One more thing... they do not take AMEX. I had to pull out my VISA card.
