4	I love the gold spike.  Its the sleaziest hotel/casino that I've seen in Vegas, and the rooms are cheap!  It is a little scary to park your car in the lot (not to mention to walk through the lobby) but that's part of the adventure.  It's also walking distance to the hilarious Fremont St "Experience" which I enjoy just by watching the people who are enjoying it.  Vegas has never been about gambling or buffets for me, more about sleaze-spectating.  If you feel similarly you should definitely stay at the gold spike.
1	Holy hell. I thought it a steal of a deal when my friends and I stormed this hotel 3ish years ago. I must say that the trip was fun but this hotel will forever be engrained in my mind as the very worst hotel in Las Vegas. As the saying goes, "you get what you pay for." Well...yes, it's absolutely true. We arrived after an all-night drive and gamble-thon and our room is not ready till 2PM. We had arrived at 8AM. They gave us vouchers to the diner. They should have paid us to eat there. Then they kicked us out for sitting around when we were simply waiting for our room to be ready. Sleeping in a car in an uncovered parking lot in August in Las Vegas is as fun as it sounds. May God have mercy on your soul if you venture into this establishment.P.S. They have apparently since changed hands a couple of times and been renovated. I reserve the excise of this review until I see for myself. You should know better than to trust strange people on the internet anyway.
3	Go here.  Get a cheap hot dog.  A bum will ask you for it.  Go ahead and keep it.  It's your hot dog, after all.Mmmm.  Hot dog.
4	The casino is completely renovated now (Feb 2009). It is probably the nicest looking casino downtown, but still very small. The table games are limited to two blackjack and a roulette game and are only open at night.  There is a nice casual coffee shop (lime green) with excellent specials.  They are one of the few places to get a hot meal at night now. The pizza parlor is now pen.  It is actually very charming since the renovation. If you have seen it before you will be shocked.==By new year's eve they should have the hotel rooms renovated. I WOULDN'T THINK OF STAYING HERE UNTIL THEY RENOVATE.  They are working on the rooms and the Travel Inn next door (which is currently a shell).  ==Believe it or not they are hoping to have some of the best rooms downtown.
4	I LOVE MYSELF A VEGAS DEAL! This is the perfect hotel for a "baller on a budget" weekend with the boys where luxury is not on the top of the list.Here's what we do: take the HUNDREDS of dollars you save by A) paying less than $30 a night for your room b) doing your to and from the room gambling at a $2 dollar min table instead of a $30 min table c) do all your eating in the Gold Spike or in the surrounding areas. Use all that for a cab to the strip and bottle service at a club.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CREDIT CARD - it will only get you into trouble - If you run out of cash you can always walk back to the Gold Spike (old vegas is dangerous so no one is going to mess with someone walking by themselves) when you get out of Tao, or Pure or Dres, First thing you do is find the Stratosphere in the horizon and walk towards that (its about the 1/2 way mark to your suite at the Golden Spike).  Then you should be able to see the Bank of America Building, the Gold Spike is right around there! You and your bank account can thank me when you get back to work on Monday!
5	Never stayed here but ate at the diner and the food was great, the price was right.  Saw the execs overlooking the property and heard about all the renovations that are going to be done to this property.  Nice to see they are not going to close this place like the Lady Luck but remodel it and make it a safe fun and clean place to stay and play!!
4	Ah, the 'Spike!  I heard they slapped some lipstick on your piglike face and made you a little better.  Though I have a few months to know, I have to admit...  I have a feeling you'll always be the same vile, familiar whore to me.  And that familiarity could never breed contempt.Here's my flea-bitten memories and my tribute to the old gal, for what they'e worth... there is a sparse, trash-strewn parkinglot that greets you and your vehicle on the get-go.  You walk into the casino and are swooning with all the scents of smoke, stale piss, and heady aroma of human excess.  The sights are nothing to shake a stick at, either.... LOTS of garish lights!!!   Zoom to the bar, see a bunch of greasy heads swaying over their beers.  I knew I was gonna love this place.Checking in with my buddy was like a trip to the DMV, and grinded a halt to the easy, free feeling I got when I walked in here.  We booked a "suite" for $50 on a weekend, and felt that our called-in reservation should have sufficed.  The surly receptionist heaved and grunted as she looked through the phone call records of our reservation--apparently, it was lost.  But when it was found... I knew our trip had only just begun.The "suite" was like looking into a tidy motel room you'd pretty much find anywhere on the side of some desert road.  A reasonably cleaned carpet... with a crisp, normal scent hanging in the air.  I pulled back the fitted sheet of our bed-- NO bed bugs, NO blood residue.  I was a little taken aback, until I went into the bathroom and saw the biohazard sharps container.  A placard on the mirror proudly chirped "FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, IF YOU ARE SELF-MEDICATING".  I figured this was a perk of booking a suite.We heard no screams or loud noises, or cracked-out diatribes from the rooms around us, just a roomfull of guys across the way playing chess with their door open.  Not bad! On our way to Freemont Street, a talkative and protective security guard walked me and my friend across the street to assure our safety.  How's that for going the extra mile, huh?!!!  I kept assuring him he didn't have to, but he insisted.  After a reckless night out, the details of which would be distracting from all this, we found ourselves back at our hotel... hungry and wanting some more booze.  $2.50 grilled cheese sandwiches and fries in the diner.  I was happy as a sick dog in a landfill.The bar was somewhat packed at this hour--a good sign.  Schlitz on tap!  I can't even remember how cheap the beer was, but it was flowing like crazy.  I bought a pitcher for the lady of the night sitting next to us in her skirt made of shredded pantyhose.  There is so much to be seen if you stay here... no matter how renovated this place may be, I just know there is a value of good times at reasonable prices, with no-nonsense staples that are there for you in a heartbeat in a Vegas full of pretense and designer nightclubs and plastery cheapness.  I am a simple woman, I like my blowsy good times REAL and showy and blatant-- and I just can't wait to see how the Spike can contribute to more, and how she's changed up since then!!!!
4	Oh what fun!  I will say that what I saw when I got there was much better than expected. Place looked decent and most of the people were friendly.  Hell even the security guard gave us a rundown of the place.  He musta been bored.  Only the girls at the front desk when I checked in and out were kinda out of it.  They were not really friendly, yet not really mean.  More like they didn't really care much about their job. I couldn't help but laugh after walking away from them.  What can I say, this place does have some character.The bar was great.  Full of everything and we had a couple of good looking waitresses pouring heavily into our drinks.  Prices were great and affordable. Was a good way to start out our first night in town.Now for the room.  You just have to laugh when you enter.  The beds were uncomfortable and the TV didn't work properly.  Got like 3 channels and all were not clear.  The window had a great view of the vents and you could open it and jump out if you were stupid enough.  You couldn't even lock it, so I ended up placing a hanger to prevent it from being opened from the outside.  Not that anyone would but just in case.  The shower had SUPER POWERS.  Once you turn it on it went at lightning speed.  My friend laughed and said that he couldn't stay in there long because it felt like the water was going to tear the skin off his bones.  Hahahaha!  Did I say this place has some character?You know what, it didn't really matter. We only need the place for a few hours to crash.  So it did it's job.  Definitely affordable and I highly recommend staying here if you plan to not be in the room too much.
1	Crappy hotel, but you can't beat 9 bucks a night. First off...* elevators stink, they have a musty smell* the carpet in the room was filthy* wallpaper peeling on window ledge* hole in wall didn't hold the Kleenex box* shower was POWERFUL (fireman hose)* tv didn't work, terrible static * parking lot way to small* hanging cable cord from wall socket* shower drained slowey (shower bath)* cloudy haze (smoke) in room* hookers in front of the hotel * nails/screws in parking lot because of construction on hotel The showers were the worst, being that the water doesnt drain correctly, so your basically soaking your legs in dirt. We didn't spend time in the hotel except to sleep, the only plus is it's close to the Freemont Experience and it's only nine dollars a night. I provided pics as well, the pics I posted is of the following:* peeling window seal* hole in wall where Kleenex box kept falling out* hanging cable cord from wallBasically you are getting a 9 dollar hotel, I hope my Yelp was useful to you.
1	Eeeew! Dive City! It's downtown, so you may not ever want to try this place. Sure, the price is super-cheap, but that means so is the security and the kind of customers who go here... yuck.
4	There is absolutely NO REASON on Earth to stay at a hostel in Vegas when you can get a private room at the Spike for like $19.00 a night. I stayed at this place looooong ago and my entire "visit" I think my BAL didn't go below .20 so this was good enough for a crash & shower room. Who cares if the tee vee only got 2 channels? The a/c worked. The shower was private and it was in the pre bed bug era days circa 1998 (?) so the bed wasn't an issue. To get a free "eye opener" I just went downstairs and played nickel slots long enough to slam down a few bloody mary's and then meandered off into a drunken stupor down Fremont St. to waste more money playing black jack (the Spike didn't have table games back then) and get grub at Binion's.Glad I was old enough to stay here Pre-Upgrade. I heard Binion's Hotel is closing their rooms all together : - (It really never was the same after that bitch what's her name related to Binion sold that $10,000 Bill Million Dollar Horseshoe Thing (google it) that you could get a free picture of you standing next to. I'd scan and upload that photo but alas like a lot of "Old Vegas" the old photo is down the shitter as well.
4	haven't tried a room.  decent casino, especially for this neighborhood.  i won $10 playing slots modestly for 5min.  i just stayed in vegas for 5days & had my tastiest meal here!  prime rib outstanding!  potato, chili & the BLT were outstanding too.  restaurant server dudes down to earth, over-efficient & cool.  curious to try a room.  inexpensive dining prices.   can't wait to have the prime rib again.  good onya non-corporate old school owners!
5	ate here at least 4 times during my 4-11-10 visit & it's excellent quality for price ratio.  got the prime rib every time w/different delicious sides. staff on all shifts have eye of the tiger.   yer taste buds will go loco & yer wallet will go woohoo!
1	Creepy location. You couldn't pay me to stay here again.
4	I enjoyed my first trip to the Spike this past Feb.  The renovations were definitely noticeable from all the horror stories I heard.  Is the location a little sketch?  Sure.........but I'm from a city north of Boston that contains areas that are much worse than this part of Vegas.  Don't be drunk alone and don't let people see your cash and you'll be fine.Morgan the Pit Boss was excellent to socialize with and handled a situation with an unruly drunken customer perfectly.  The idiot ended up tipping his chair back and knocking himself out..........which was worth the $80 I lost at the BJ tables.  How often do you get along with a pit critter at the casinos? I'll make my way back here to get blotto on my next trip and maybe play some cheap-o one dollar roulette!
3	I was in town for the 4th of July, and I always stay downtown. I was a wee bit nervous booking at the Gold Spike. I knew it had recently been renovated and all the hookers and junkies cleared out, but still, there were damn few reviews on the "new" Gold Spike out there. Well, my friends, be not afraid. The Gold Spike is OK. I stayed in one of the Oasis rooms, which is part of the cheap motel they bought and rehabbed. It was clean. It was comfortable. Everything was new - the linens, the TV, I think the air conditioner too. The room was small and basic, the bathroom a bit cramped, but whaddya want downtown? The pool is small, but so is the hotel, so it worked. The pool itself was very nicely done and the area around it well maintained. In fact, I'll go out on a limb and call it the second-best pool downtown - meaning better than the Fitz, the Cal, and the Plaza. Hey - maybe that could be their slogan - "The Second-Best Pool Downtown." The casino, well, not much too it. Machines and one shift of Hot Girls running table games. And no craps!!! And no players club!!! They do, however, have a great bar that always seemed filled with locals - not Scary Locals, just regular people, and a great bartender - a blond Yankee fan whose name I can't remember. I wouldn't call it a sportsbook, but there is a betting window right next to the bar, which is actually a nice setup - place a bet and settle in at the bar to watch the game. I didn't have too much interaction with the staff, but the check-in girl was nice and the housekeeping was fine. The pizza place is closed and abandoned, but the coffee shop makes a decent breakfast at a good price - that was the only meal I ate there. Next time I'll try to be brave and try the $5.99 prime rib. The Gold Spike is a nice simple place with a good pool. Overall I'd say it was a good place to stay given the price. You definitely get what you pay for.
4	I will be completely honest with you, I came here with extremely LOW expectations.  I got the room for $38 ($51 after tax and fees) so I was expecting a dive.  It was much much better than expected. The beds are not the most comfortable, but  doable, the room is small, but who cares we were only in there to sleep, the bath room was pretty small, but again, who cares, i am not planning on living here. Perfect place to stay if you want a cheap, clean, conveniently located place downtown.  Plus the hotel cafe is cheap and decent!  I will definitely go here again.
5	5 stars.  It is exactly what it is----a small hotel offering the cheapest prices.  I stayed here Sunday through Thursday for $20 a night--total, it was like 120 for 5 nights.  Totally crazy!The location is great, assuming you have a car.  And you're walking distance to some great pawn shops as well at Fremont Street.  Relatively rough neighborhood, but that is life.
4	Not bad, not bad. Definitely a steal if you are looking to find somewhere to just snooze and shower. I was a little hesitant on choosing this place at first, but upon checking out our room, it wasn't bad at all. A king size bed, with clean white sheets. A clean bathroom, sink, shower. That's all you need! It's a small room, so for sure its cozy, but despite that in Vegas you don't really stay in your room that much anyway, so it was a steal. The only problem is that Gold Spike is located in Old Vegas, a block past Freemont street. Therefore, its best to get a rental car to drive back and forth easily to the strip. Save $$ instead of taxi. It's a quick (less than 5 min) walk to Freemont street, which is pretty cool at night time, when the whole ceiling lits up and shows play. The pool also is nice, except always try to get rooms that are on upper floors. We got a room on the first floor, which is next to where the pool is located, and in the early morning we can hear people talking/playing by the poolside which wakes you up. (Then, you get grumpy) As a result, pretty good room for a package deal! Highly recommend if you have access to a car, and want to save some money.
2	Decent location, cheap price on hotels.com. But you get what you pay for! I came back to my room (decently renovated in a cute, cheap HGTV kind of way) at night to find it was as bright as daylight and no way I could sleep there. Outside the window was a stadium-style football bright light shooting directly onto the side of the building! No blackout curtains or anything. It was like 6am permanently in this room. I asked to be moved and with a little sigh of aggravation, they told me I had to pick up all my things and move to a whole other building with no working elevator and a view of the brightly lit pool. Gee, thanks.The HD TV they have has no HD channels, so its pointless. The walls are thin so you hear everything 360.Won't be recommending this hotel or coming back here again!
2	I thought the casino was pretty creepy.  The employees were great, but the customer mix was really bizarre to say the least.  I didn't feel very comforable in there.   Probably just me though.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but so many things kept that from happening. The casino and rooms look really nice after their remodel. The walk from Gold Spike to Fremont really wasn't as bad as I expected even in the Las Vegas heat. I had hoped to spend more time at the Gold Spike, but it was difficult. Their table games have limited hours of operation, so even though I would have loved to take advantage of the decent rules and low limits, it was often closed when I wanted to play. I had no luck on the machines and it was frustrating that they only hand pay; no TITO. No slot club either.The rooms were actually pretty nice. I stayed in the old tower. My big complaints were that parking is pretty limited. We had to park at the El Cortez. I don't know if the two properties have an agreement or not, but that is where we were directed to park by the staff and we had no problems. This wouldn't be a huge issue, except Gold Spike charges a resort fee which is supposed to cover parking, wifi, and the exercise room. I know a lot of resorts are charging a resort fee now, but I felt it was wrong to charge to park at another hotel a few blocks away, wifi that anyone could use (during the day there were always guys with laptops in the sports betting area), and an exercise room that wasn't open at the time of our stay.Overall, I'd say the Gold Spike is worth checking out. The employees were very friendly and the place really does look much nicer than it was a few years ago. The Golden Grill also has some great deals. I would just factor in the resort fee when booking as it does add to the seemingly low price of the rooms. Also, if you're coming to gamble, the table games are decent, but please make sure they will be open.
4	Saw the billboards for the $5.99 Prime Rib Dinner so I had to try it. The Gold Spike is located about a block or two north of Fremont Street, probably the last casino at the North end of Las Vegas Boulevard. It's a small low-end place and the restaurant is small also, kind of like a snack bar type of place. The decor feels like the 80s with lots of white formica. The special is not on the menu so you have to ask for it. It comes with a baked potato and corn. If you want mashed potatoes instead of baked, it's $1 more. If you don't like corn and want mixed veggies instead, it's $1 more. If you want a salad, it's $1 more. So my meal ended up costing me $8.99, but it was yummy.
4	I stopped in at the Gold Spike returning to California from Montana. I have wanted to stay at the Gold Spike since the renovation, but don't usually stay downtown unless I have a specific reason.  A $39.00 room and $6.99 prime rib dinner was a good start. The staff seems to be a little grumpy and sarcastic, which is great by my standards. The hotel is extremely clean. All the rooms were gutted and funished with modern Ikea-esque furnishings. The rooms have a 40" flatscreen with all the basic cable channels. I believe all the hotel rooms are non-smoking. A short walk down the hall to the open-air stairwell is not problem. The casino is a block away from Fremont St. Right off I-515 @ LV blvd. Not the flashiest part of town, but not bad for anyone with an ounce of street smarts. The Deuce to the strip stops right outside the place. For the price this place is great. It's a comfortable and convenient place to check in/check out and be on your way with cheep grub. The bill for my breakfast for two came out to $9.49 including tax. haha.
4	I was really impressed with this place the room was real nice. I Liked how the desk was aligned with the TV. The hotel is not too big so I do not have to walk 1/2 a mile when I want to go back to my room. The food in the CAFE Is good. I had the PRIME RIB. 6.99 or 5.99.I like the low limit Blackjack where I ran my profits up to 125. I sat down too long and left with a 25 dollar profit in my pocket. PARKING is limited and this hotel is in a part of town where TOURISM is bustling like it once was but CITY HALL is right next door. Definitely a place to check out for SPEND THRIFTS
3	Checking in was easy, probably because it's a small hotel. Got one of the renovated rooms from hotwire for $35 including taxes and fees on a Saturday night. The bed was comfortable, clean and 40 in flat screen t.v. We tried the $5.99 prime rib, easily the worst meal I had in Vegas. It was tough and flavorless. Didn't bother to eat it all. The casino is small, you don't have to worry about getting lost. I like the $3 blackjack. I hate when you play the slots and cash out, someone needs to come over and hand payout regardless of size. Such a pain. Sportsbook is tiny. There is a small parking lot next to the hotel. I was lucky to get a spot and didn't want to leave it out of fear of not getting another parking spot. Don't expect the best clientele. The hotel is only two blocks from Fremont St. I was thirsty so I grabbed one of the bottles of water in the room ($3), tasted like Lake Erie. Now I know why it was so cheap. If parking wasn't a pain and the casino was better  I would easily give it 4 stars.I prefer staying on the strip but I would stay there again.
4	This review is for the casino only, We had such a blast playing BJack here that we took the bus from the strip later in the week just to come back for more. Very laid back gaming experience dealt by some friendly and fun "sexy" dealers. Awesome $3 blackjack with 3:2 odds and great drink service. Tipped the waitress and she kept our little party rockin'. Can't really comment on the slots as we simply enjoyed the party atmosphere at the tables. They have done a great job fixing this place up and the neighborhood was not as bad as I was led to believe. Very close to El Cortez and a short walk to the Fremont Experience. Can't wait to come back for more fun.
4	An out of town buddy of mine was getting killed at the 21 tables on the strip so we went downtown for a change of pace and possibly luck. Fremont always ends up turning into an unofficial bar crawl and that was absolutely the case here. This was probably the 3rd stop (give or take 4 drinks or so) of the evening. I hadn't been inside the Gold Spike for years and was totally blown away at how well Siegel had redone the place. They also had an offer for $10 in free slot play w/ a qualifying 10 pts ($10 coin in video poker) and a $5 match play coupon for blackjack just for signing up for a players card. Gotta love cheap 3 to 2 blackjack with speedy cocktail waitresses. There was a 10pm raffle for 2 prizes of $50 and one for $150. The pit boss couldn't find the casino microphone so he was just yelling ticket numbers from the pit. Unintentional comedy at its finest. You also get crazier than usual tablemates in the pit. One guy sat at the table completely sober and just annihilated himself with liquor and within 30 minutes he was doubling down on 12 and 13 EVERY time. It was hard not to cry laughing. I won, my buddy continued losing..on to the next place!
3	Gold Spike has a new face...and it's laughing at the strip-joints!  I stayed in a room that easily would've whooped the best chain motel by $60 and all I had to do was go down an elevator and plop my ass down in a seat and start paying BJ...WHOA!  6:5 payout on BJ?!  Sorry Goldy, I'll be taking my gaming money someplace else. The 24/7 restaurant is more diner than restaurant but the prices don't hurt...I had the $5.99 Prime Rib deal and it was just OK...(Magnolia's beats it BAD for $2 more).   By the way...I don't know where YOU gamble - but you should NEVER play a 6:5 payout BJ game - EVER!
2	Although the food was very affordable, amd the waiters were fairly attentive and friendly, nothing about this experience (except the person I was with) stood out to me. We went at 8 PM on a Friday, and had to wait about 13 minutes. They brought the salad out quickly (mexican barbecue salad) which was pretty good except for soggy letuce and too much corn. I had spaghetti with grilled chicken, and the sauce was extremely runny, and was barely warm. My "date" had the Siegal burger, which was dripping everywhere.Pros: fast service, very attentive, affordableCons: bland food
4	My friends say I am cheap I say I am frugal. Either way I don't like to spend money on stuff I don't need.  A big old fancy room in Vegas is not one of those things I need.   Every time I go to Vegas I scour the web looking for the best deal and every time I have been disappointed.   So to be honest when I booked a room at the Gold Spike I was not expecting much.  Upon check in I was pleasantly surprised.  The rooms were newer and fresh looking.  Not all dingy and gaudy like most cheap rooms in Vegas.  The walls were a nice bright white with a plain looking carpet.  There was plenty of dresser space, not that I needed it but nice to know.  I liked the fact there was no hideous looking hotel bed spread. God where do they buy those damn things! The bathroom was a good size with a tub/shower combo.  Even though the hotel is a bit out of the way the service was top notch.  The entire staff was friendly and helpful.  Even though it didn't cost me a lot the staff treats you like they truly appreciate your business.  Being a stickler for customer service this goes a long way with me.  So my search for the perfect inexpensive room is over.   No more web hunting for the "perfect" deal.  From now on Gold Spike will be my hotel of choice! Figured my friends and co -workers are tired of hearing me talk up the place so I'd better post this on Yelp!
2	The casino has improved quite a bit since the renovations.  I booked a room here for Final Four weekend because I was curious how the Spike stacked up against other downtown casinos.  The room was OK, I think you can do as well for the price at many other places downtown.  The room was small and my sink wouldn't drain, and the wi-fi was about worthless...but what to you want for less than $40/night?I have to be honest - I didn't spend a lot of time in the casino itself because I got a fairly bad vibe from the clientele.  If I am staying downtown, I would rather stay at a casino on Fremont itself rather than run the gauntlet over to Ogden....that's just me, though.
5	MAJOR fan of this place. Stayed here for the first time about half a year ago with our friend Thomas since we got a good deal online and just needed a place to crash for a night of old town vegas partying. The rooms have been remodeled and are clean with a flat screen TV. Staff has always been very friendly and helpful.The casino itself is very small, with one bar area and the best place to eat downtown: The Golden Grill.We have eaten in the Golden Grill multiple times since our first stay and everything we have ordered has been great, even the $5 prime rib dinner. A steal.Stayed here recently and got it online from hotels.com for $15. That is cheaper than two drinks on the regular strip.The Mecca of Vegas, The Gold Spike.
4	"YEAH, Gold Spike!" has become the battle cry of my friends and I, ever since our trip to Vegas about 2 months ago.  The Gold Spike is off of, off of Fremont Street.   Our room was teeny, but it was cheap and clean.  The room decor was almost IKEA-esque, so I was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is actually pretty good, especially their breakfasts - solid diner-type food.  The servers in the restaurant are hysterical and helpful.  The bartenders are fantastic, especially Chris. The patrons...oh, my the patrons! I walked in the door after an 8 hour drive, took a look around and thought, "Oh, WOW.  This is where the new locals come to drink, and the old gamblers come to die...THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!"So the elevator is a bit rickety, and during our first night we noticed...um...feces in the ground-floor hallway.  My friend had her phone stolen off of the bar our second night there (A witness pointed it out, and though the phone was never recovered, the security staff was very helpful and did all they could).DO NOT LET THESE SMALL NEGATIVES DETER YOU!  DO NOT DISCOUNT THE GOLD SPIKE!!!I won $110 playing $20 on a video poker machine at the bar.  I'm not much of a gambler, but that's the most money I've won EVER while gambling! Victory!I'd never been to Vegas before, so I trusted my 3 gal-pals to give me an adventure.  Wow, they did not disappoint!  Oh, Gold Spike, I miss you so.  Although, I hear this girlie road trip may become a yearly tradition, so...I'll see ya next year!
3	YEAH Gold Spike!!!A couple months ago I spent an eventful weekend in Vegas with my girlfriends. I have always stayed on the Strip but have heard stories about downtown Vegas and the Fremont Experience so I went along with my GF's to tour Old Vegas.My first impression of the Gold Spike was like stepping into your favorite dive bar. The casino is REALLY REALLY small but the bar is nice and big and since all I wanted was a machine at the bar I was happy. Our room was itty bitty tiny but the it was clean and the furniture resembled IKEA so I was okay with it. We ate a few of our meals in the restaurant including the Prime Rib. I was pleasantly surprised that $5.99 prime rib was actually really good! The manager of the restaurant came to our table to talk to us and make sure we were happy with our meal and our waitress was very attentive and funny... impressed!Since we chose to go to Vegas on a weekend where it actually snowed we spent much of our evenings and early mornings sittin' at the Gold Spike bar drinking with the regulars and chatting up the very friendly and entertaining bartender, Chris. He made excellent drinks and impressed us with his bottle flipping and awesome cocktails!On a side note... there were feces on the floor of the lobby the first night and on the second night one of the regulars stole my phone from right next to me. My phone was not recovered but security did everything they could to try and recover it for me, including trying to chase down the jerk that stole it!Aside from the poop and stolen phone... WOW... I had a blast with my friends and the people at the Gold Spike helped to make it a memorable weekend!Didn't hurt that we only paid $98.00 total for 2 nights!
4	Oh the Spike! It takes a person with a cast iron stomach and thick skin to truly appreciate this place, but if you give it a chance the Spike will grow on you...or maybe thats just mildew! I used to go to this place religously. Heck you couldn't beat $22.95 rooms with no reservations needed. I could deal with the skinny alcoholic chain-smoking cat hoarder in the penny slot section, holding onto her machine like grim death, The random street fight leaking onto the casino floor, or the random bum wondering in to ask me for spare change. It was truly a downtown Las Vegas experience, and I wore out my black Gold Spike tee-shirt for two years like a badge of honor, even patching up the armpits after they tore through I was so proud to be a Spike surivivor! My first visit to the spike was some years ago, my friend decided to go gambling across the street and I decided to take a nap after having taken a long trip across the desert. While sleeping, I thought I had heard a knock on my door so I went to investigate. I opened the door, but nobody was there. So I slowly entered into the hallway to see who or what was knocking on my door. No sooner had I taken a few steps into the hall way did I realize that my door had closed and LOCKED behind me and I was in standing in the hallway in my underwear! I was terrified! What do I do...knock on someones door to see if I can use their phone..(yeah, that'll go over well with a female opening up her door to see a naked man wanting to use the phone) maybe not. Walk down stairs perhaps (in my underwear) to ask for security. No. So in my half-asleep, scared stupor I decided it would be very wise to break down the door...which I did. I then went downstairs to tell my ordeal to the front desk and they were laughing so hard they told me that it wouldn't be a problem and that they would send someone upstairs to fix my room and wouldn't charge me. Whew! What a relief. from that moment on the Spike has occupied a special place in my heart.
3	I'd give this place a solid 3.5 stars. When our friends told us that they were departing Vegas a day before we were planning on leaving, we were scrambling to find a cheap hotel fast. The Gold Spike is located in old Vegas on Fremont Street, not too far from the Griffin (see my review). Coincidence? No, not really. Well calculated choice of lodging? Absolutely. Though the rooms are a little small, they do the job just fine. The bathrooms and the carpets are clean and I didn't feel like I had to worry about bed bugs or creepy crawlers at all. I didn't get a chance to eat at the Golden Grill but definitely wouldn't be opposed to trying the $5.99 Prime Rib or any of the breakfast items on the menu. They all looked pretty good and reasonably priced. The next time I'm in town to do some heavy drinking @ the Griffin, I'm definitely going to stay here again. It's literally just a stumble around the corner.
3	Well i have to say i was so excited to go to Vegas as i it was my first get away with my husband in Three years as i am a busy businesswomen.I got a fantastic deal on the Gold Spike and i thought what the heck if it is bad we wont have lost out.So we arrived pretty tired from a long bus journey and made our way to the reception,there was no body at reception and security said that whomever was in charge would be back.We waited over fifteen minutes and finally a nice young man checked us in,he was obviously busy as he made a few mistakes,first he only checked me in for one night instead of two,i was at the lobby elevator when i  thought to ask him if he forgot,so i had to wait in line again,then because he forgot i had to pay the second days resort fee immediately to avoid paying Two deposits,then i had to have my Keys reissued.Finally we got upstairs and we arrived to a room that was being cleaned,my husband had a sprained ankle and was exhausted and frustrated at this point so i went downstairs again.Because the room was not even ready we were comp'd a mini suite,which when we arrived was lovely,clean, well maintained and spacious.I have no complaints about the rooms at all.Later that evening,we tried out the slots,they were pretty bad but we didn't expect much as to the Casino's size,however the Casino staff were at all times rude,unfriendly or unavailable.When we needed to cash out we had to wait up to ten minutes for the man to arrive,and when he did he was pretty rude.The dealers spend their whole time gossiping in a circle and glaring at customers.Later we decided to try out the food which people all rave about at the Gold Spike,when we got to the place the host was either stoned or bored and also unfriendly,the waiter was slow and kind of a smart ass.My burger however was delicious(fries were bland) however we ordered a prime rib for my husband,at first we got some story about how if we ordered it well done that it may be dry,but we said that was ok,then the server proceeded to serve my husband a rare prime rib and when we sent it back ,he served him another rare prime rib,so i asked him to take it off my bill and he did so reluctantly so i found that to be very disappointing.Then on Day Two of the stay when we returned from our morning activities, we could not get into our room,at this point my husband was very irritated.I went downstairs and had to wait in line again,then i was issued Two more keys and had to sign more paperwork,when i got upstairs i let my husband in and went back down for something and on my return my Key didn't work  again so i had to go back downstairs again and be reissued Two more keys.So that was pretty annoying.But on the plus side,i like the room alot and it was clean and fresh.The rooms are very inexpensive,cigerettes are cheap,I would suggest that overall they need more staff in some areas like reception, and on the floor, and the staff need some training in customer service.Avoid the casino and you will have a nice stay.The young man at reception is very pleasant so he gets the Third Star.
4	I live in Las Vegas but my friends and I take a mini vacation to Fremont Street once every month or two. The rooms are generally cheaper than a cab back home. The Gold Spike is one of only a handful of downtown hotels that has been recently renovated. It also has a pool (As far as I know the Nugget, Fitz, California and Plaza are the others on Fremont Street).The Gold Spike was renovated in 2009 or 2010 and is much nicer than it used to be.  The casino is definitely small but if you have five or six friends that want to start a game of Blackjack on your own, they'll usually open a table if one's available.I've stayed at the Gold Spike five or six times between early 2010 and mid-2011 and I haven't had any major complaints.  The rooms area clean and modern. The pool is nice and new (No hot tub, though). The food is good and cheap.  Considering this place is generally under $50 on the weekend, it's a good place to stay.To note: The Gold Spike is a block north of Fremont Street but it's just one block. Also, you have to get your ice from the bar who gives it to you in a bag. No ice machines.
3	Stayed here on the cheapThree dollars sexy blackjack Makes 'busting' not bad
3	We decided to stay here because it's only $40/night. They advertised that it was remodeled, has free valet, and free Wi-fi. You get what you pay for. It's clean and good place to crash. Nothing fancy at all. They changed the sink, tiles, fixtures, slapped on a new coat of paint, put an IKEA-ish bed in and that's it. The bed is really firm. For me it's too hard, but my husband loves it. The room has a tv, clock with MP3 dock, a/c wall unit, and pool. It doesn't have a hair dryer, safe, or mini fridge...$40/night.The room is a regular size, it's not as small as other reviewers said. We stayed at the Fremont a few years ago and the rooms there can literally fit just a bed. The bathroom is tiny though. The shower pressure is great! The staff is also great. TINY casino, but doesn't matter to me, because we don't gamble. My husband doesn't mind staying at the Gold Spike. If on a budget, I would prefer off strip but being very close to the strip still. I rather stay at Candlewood Suites for an extra $20/night. Nothing against Gold Spike. I just prefer the closer location to the strip.
4	Place is alright =) Decent if you are on a budget. During check in, they gave us a scratchy card thing, like a lotto ticket, and got upgraded to a suite! It was nothing over the top but was cool. Had a stripper pole and we had the whole wrap around outside patio. But nothing like the movies.We then went back a couple of days later, as we had 1 night reserved at Mandalay Bay, and the price doubled =( And got put in the rooms by the pool, very small. Was stuffy and hot when we entered the room, and smelt like smoke. I smoke and understand but open a window ok?You can tell they upgraded, but with a very low budget. New carpet, paint and some modern decor and....we renovated!Kind of noisy there. The housekeeping staff were outside our room chatting up a storm and were very loud too in the morning.I'd go back though....but is kinda expensive on the weekends but I guess what Vegas hotel is not.
1	The parking was absolutely horrible here, on the FIRST NIGHT. Ordered from the restaurant on site, and the nachos were horrible, THEY WERE SOOOO DRY . The regular rooms are too small. the restrooms are even worst. It feels like you're taking a shower and using the toilet at the same time, YIKES!!!!! Got a suite on the first night because I couldn't take it any longer. The suites are much better. they are way bigger than the regular rooms. If I ever went back here I would have to have a suite. They have newer flat sceened tv's in the regular rooms and the suites, which made up for all the other horrible things. so if you want to bring your ps2 or ps3 go for it . But I still had to deal with the parking. So I walked to Fremont area each day and night until I checked out. It sucked that I didn't get to visit any other parts of Vegas, but I've already seen everything anyways lol The staff including security are so antisocial its pathetic. They just stand around and look at you like ' What the hell are you doing here" they don't do anything but spectate. they are not helpful at all. they walk the other way, when they see you coming. The person who booked my room for me, Christina, was way cool. she is very friendly. If you see her, let her help you. Its definitely a budget hotel but you also get what you pay for!!!!!!!! I feel bad for giving this place 1 star.
1	If I could give no stars I would. This is one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had and I have had many. The rooms don't even have the basic necessities and when we asked they told us they didn't have blankets etc. Without letting us know in advance there is a 'pool party' with the worst and loudest music I have ever heard going on right outside our window until Late making it impossible to sleep even with earplugs and noise-cancelling headphones though we need to be up early tomorrow for a conference and are exhausted now. DO NOT COME HERE if you want a pleasant experience in any way shape or form. The restaurant is also disgusting and filled with cigarette smoke. The only plus is the free wi-fi.
5	I picked this hotel for 2 reasons, it was close to Fremont Street and it was cheap.  Before we left all the sudden my fiance decided to check reviews and he filled me with doubt after reading several negative reviews.  We kept joking that we were headed to our 'hotel in the hood'.  It was ONE block from Fremont (PERFECT!) and it was super clean and just fine...  We had a great experience and even said we would def go there again if we wanted to stay near Fremont Street.  Here are my few minor complaints...no full length mirrors anywhere, bathroom was so tiny that it was a little tricky to maneuver your way in and no ice machines in hotel halls-you had to go to the bar downstairs to fill your bucket.  All in all, we were very happy.
4	Alright Gold Spike, I'd heard some tall, tall tales of you from those who visited back in the day. Now? Totally unrecognizable. And that is a very good thing.Lovely pool, clean and modern rooms, friendly staff. The price is right if you get there before the weekend (we paid $30 on a Thursday) so book online. Little heads up: the side of the hotel with the flood lights creates a very bright room even with the lights out as the curtains aren't blackout, so if you find yourself on that side upon check-in, ask to move or it will always look like 7am even at 2am.
1	If you're on a shoestring budget or just need a place to crash close to the freemont action, this hotel might fit the bill. If your a casual vegas visitor, don't let the price tempt you, you can find better for just a few dollars more at some of the other freemont establishments.Casino: Smoky, few slot selections, no roullete or other popular table games, except blackjack. No poker. A little sportsbook center, which is nice, but no dedicated seating. No keno. One bar, service seemed quick enough for bar standards, although I wasn't there for drinks. (See below).Grill: After the first sitdown, we realized we should call our orders ahead and eat it somewhere else. Slow slow service, 2 out of 10. It't not really the waitresses... its that they have one waitress during normal flow, and maybe two if they are slammed. Not sufficient. Value for the food is actually really good. However, don't expect high quality surprises or excellence. Its a good deal with reasonable food. Nothing more, perhaps less.Hotel: Holy crap... not coming back.  The hotel is divided into two areas. We stayed connected to the casino. Biggest problem, no ice machine. You have to go to the bar, so expect to wait 5 to 20 minutes for ice. Every...time. feel like gambling? Also, there is no fridge in the room, so should you have medication that needs to be refrigerated, your out of luck here. Ofcourse, they offer that you can store it at their "golden grill". First, that's ghetto. Second, not trustworthy or safe. Third, with how slow the restaurant staff is, probably not a good idea anyway. So we had a lunch cooler where we would have to play the ice game in order to keep our med cool. How expensive would it be to class up a level, get a few standby minifridges, or even ONE icemachine?Another note, their building has some spotlights to create ambient lighting. That's cool... unless there is a goddamn batman signal shining at your window. This made staying/sleeping here an ordeal. 24/7, your window looked like it was 3pm outside. When you can't sleep, you fall asleep late, right? (Plus its Vegas....) This leads to you missing room service if you don't wake up and get out of your room before 9am to 11am.Its our third night here, and we still haven't had room service. We left at 12, flipped out 'service please' sign, and called down to the hotel operator to request a cleaning. We get back 4 hours later, fingers crossed that this time we will walk into a clean room. Nope. I go down to pickup new towels, trashbag, and other essentials. They say they don't have it at the frontdesk and will send it up to our room. 45 minutes later a confused maid asks us what we need.Last note, yes there is free wifi. The connection speed renders it unusable. Worse than dialup.... waaaaay worse.Conclusion: Yikes. If you are VERY easy going and enjoy a cheap room, you'll do fine. If you have expectations about a hotel, you'll probably leave disappointed. Great prices, the furnishings are nice, not much else.
5	My husband and I were recently (Veterans day weekend 2011) in Las Vegas and stayed at a neighboring hotel, however if we had known about this one, we would have stayed here! We found this place as we were walking around, yes, Downtown Las Vegas is a bit dirty however all of the historic charm really outweighs this for us! We love smaller boutique type places, the extraordinary customer service and value did not disappoint.  We went in, initially to grab a drink and play video poker for a bit.  We ended up staying for more then 5 hours.  We found that the staff is all very well crossed trained, they all kind of do everything.  In this day and the economy, this is a great thing for companies to do, and they must be doing it right because the staff we came into contact all greated us warmly and with smiles! We ate at the restaurant and the food was GREAT! the prices were even better.  We will be booking this hotel next time we go to Vegas, which is hopefully before the end of the year.  With the value and quality that this hotel/casino provides, you can get away for a long weekend more often. We cannot wait to go back!
5	I was happily surprised. This place is like middle of the road Price-Wise. After seeing the Peter Pan in Santa Cruz....to see one in Vegas was ultra -memorable.
4	Considering rooms, after tax, were under $30/night, this place is definitely worth checking out.Add that to the notion that it is very conveniently located Downtown, the rooms have been recently redone, there's a pool (which I didn't even see considering temperatures outside were below freezing during my most recent stay), the bar provides some excellent "dive," "old," and local ambiance, and the staff was nice; and you've got yourself a great affordable option to get to Vegas without having to spend triple-digits on a room that you probably are only going to pass out in.Don't get me wrong, you aren't going to find yourself in the lap of luxury here, but remember the price point people!  All that extra money you save on your room can be wasted at the casino, could help you get even drunker down the road at Beauty Bar or the Griffin, or could be used for less wholesome endeavors like calling up one of those ladies on those "trading cards" that those dudes pass out on the strip.Whatever.Just check the place out.Also- good drink specials here at this bar, so if you plan on making a day out of downtown, you might want to check out the bar or play some sexy black jack.
4	When you travel on a budget, less is more.Less money spent on a hotel room = more money to spend on food and activities.  Here is where Gold Spike comes into the picture.For around $25 a night, you get a room for two (smoking or non, you gotta love Vegas) that is clean, bed bug-free, cable TV,  a working shower and free wifi.FREE WIFI!!!!!!So now - I know that this price point can be scary, and if I hadn't known anything about the place in advance I don't know if I would have made the decision to stay there. But the hotel was recently remodeled, and even though it is not "first class" commodities - it was perfect for our stay. We hardly stayed in our room anyway.Don't be scared folks. Do it! $140ish (taxes included) for 4 nights?'nuff said.
2	We decided to stay here because it's only $40/night, but they charge a $8/day "resort" fee. That's to include parking, wifi, and pool. Just add it into the room rate! Calling it a "resort" fee is ridiculous because this place is not a resort by any means. You get what you pay for. It's semi-clean and good place to crash. Nothing fancy at all. They changed the sink, tiles, fixtures, slapped on a new coat of paint, put an IKEA-ish bed in and that's it. The bed is really firm.  The room has a tv, clock with MP3 dock, and a/c wall unit.  It doesn't have a hair dryer, safe, or mini fridge...$48/night. Shower pressure was great though!The staff is also great. TINY casino, but doesn't matter to me, because we don't gamble. If on a budget, I would prefer off strip but being very close to the strip still. I rather stay at Candlewood Suites for an extra $20/night.  I would give this place 2.5 stars mainly because of great service. The actual "hotel"/motel gave us weird vibes. We didn't spend much time there because it seemed kind of sketchy. I can't complain too much because once again it was a cheap stay.
4	Clean, cheap, nicely furnished. A bit cold, which was weird, but the heater took care of that. Strangely inconsistent maid service where we had out towels thrown on to the racks, and that was with a daily tip. Close to the only independent coffee shop in Vegas, which is important to us. Close to Freemont. Close to the freeway. No bedbugs. We paid $39/night. I don't know if it'll be this cheap for long considering how dead the bar and casino was. Go now.
2	I imagine this is a place where cougars bring their unwitting 25 year old drunk male victims to have their way with them. Or chicken hawks, bring theirs. In the dark we all look 10 years younger at least. The lighting in the room was HORRIFIC! The AC didn't know how to operate. I only stayed here because a friend referred it. Thought it would be fun to stay in old vegas. UM, no...and this is almost a block from old V. Being somewhat of a princess, I should have known better. This is a case where price and quality are connected. And...did I mention my friend decided to stay somewhere else...Et tu Brute?
4	I stayed at the Gold Spike back in 2010 for a week-long dance competition I was attending. I wanted something cheap since it would be for a full week, but I was also a bit scared to stay somewhere off the strip because I thought it would be shady.When I was down the street from the hotel and when I was pulling into the parking lot, I was quite nervous that I had anticipated the hotel correctly, but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised with what I saw!!Once I got to my room, I was SUPERBLY impressed!!! I thought the rooms would be rinky-dinky, but I was so excited that I would be staying there for a whole week!I have two favorite parts to the hotel:The first is the pool! So beautiful! It feels like I'm at a resort swimming at the pool.My absolute favorite hands-down is the little restaurant inside the hotel. OMG it was such good food, and although the service from the waiting staff wasn't the best, the quality and quantity of the food plus the fact that the prices were low made it totally worth it!I'm currently pregnant and planning to stay there again for the competition this July, and I am already drooling just thinking about the food and am so excited thinking about the comfy rooms where I plan to relax and enjoy the air conditioning, as I escape the heat (which I'm sure I won't favor once I'm 6 months pregnant!!)I recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a bargain, but not wanting to stay at a shady, creepy hotel :)It's no MGM or Planet Hollywood, but definitely worth staying there!! :)
3	The expression, "you get what you pay for" definitely applies here. This place is pretty much a dump but cheap as hell and great if you're going with a bunch friends who are cheap haha jk. The rooms are perfectly fine, but definitely not the Venetian by any means and also don't let their pool disappoint you. I stayed here with 3 friends for Punk Rock Bowling in Old Town Vegas during Memorial Day weekend. I think our grand total was about $220, which is super cheap. The rooms are clean, the beds fit 2 or more people comfortably, have a flat screen tv with cable, and the restrooms are clean, what more can you ask for?!Everyone staying here this weekend was definitely in town for Punk Rock Bowling, so if you ever come during Memorial Day weekend, brace yourself for Old Town Vegas to be even more shady then it already is haha. Basically the whole weekend was filled punk rock, punk rockers, and booze everywhere. All of the staff is pretty nice and attentive. They did mess up my reservation and give a 1 King bed room when there was 4 of us! As a result I was stuck in a smoking room for a night, which certainly sucked, but the problem was fixed in the morning.Their pool is small and modest, but there was definitely some awesome pool parties there all weekend. And they let you bring in booze and sell some awesome jello shots at the bar.The parking here is pretty limited but they have relatively affordable valet parking if need be. I definitely had a great weekend and enjoyed my stay at the Gold Spike, but overall 3.5 stars, because the smoking room thing really annoyed me. See ya next year Old Town Vegas! Punk Rock Forever!
3	1st trip to the gold spike, they fixed it up nicely , from what I hear it was . Love that The same person that works the players club booth  had to hand pay all machines. Very old school
3	I just popped in to see what it was like, didn't gamble or eat. The casino is very clean, and it looks like they did some renovations. I don't think many people visit, so if the rates are right, I may plan a stay here in the future.
2	Was a guest here 8/20-8/22.Will start by saying the staff here hates their jobs and you can see it on their faces.  Upon check-in, we asked for a smoking room in the casino tower.  Receptionist said no problem.Got our keys, which were marked for room 801. There is no 801. Had to go back to the lobby. Got the right room this time, however, not in the casino tower and non-smoking. Whatever... $20 a night. The Room: 2 queen size futon beds, a tiny flat panel TV, the phone was missing (ripped out of the wall), scuffs and finger prints on the walls and a/c unit, bathroom door did not close all the way, and plumbing fixtures in the shower fell off. Again, $20 a night. Casino: No table games Sunday-Thursday. The reason I chose this hotel this time was for the $3 blackjack.If you on a budget, this is the place.For the price, We will definitely stay again.
3	I can't really speak for what the rooms look like since I'm only here to drink.  LOVE the specials offered to us.  For my company, we have a 2-4-1 drink special on anything at the bar.  Simply give them your badge and they will hand you 3 tickets which can turn into 6 drinks!  This includes everything, including shots.   Great!Today, I came with a close friend after work to have a few brewskis.  We asked the bartender what the specials were and the best one was bud light drafts for only $1!  What a steal!The usual bartenders are pretty cool.  We seem to get our drinks in a timely manner.  There is that one pregnant bartender which makes me say, uhhhh?  Then there's the security staff.  Most are pretty cool, but then there's that hit and miss one.  If you've been there you KNOW who I'm talking about.  He's the short, stubby guy who tries so hard to pull his weight.  Such a bi-polar situation if you ask me.  One day he's cool but talks your head off and the next he's such a turn off in general, pushing around his status and mace.  Aside from that, if you're looking for a small place that offers amazing specials on drinks, you need to check this place out.  Come for happy hour and/or a good pregame session.  Just stay clear of that security guard.  He's a headache!
2	Cheap is cheap but it's not always good.The location is nice, downtown is a nice side of Vegas to discover.The hotel is not clean, the smell in the elevators is some sort of cheap perfume that I really hate.There was a stain on the duvet and when I asked for a clean one the housekeeping replied "I don't know if I have one".If you are up to the strip, well, it's 45 mins walk from the stratosphere, so you need to catch a bus but, at least, the deuce service is just outside the hotel.
3	usually when i head downtown i always start off my night here, Cheap drinks,  the bartenders are pretty generous, the staff are always pretty cool, 5 dollar gambling, the cafe inside serves up nice size portions, they upgraded the joint a few years ago so it is not as sketchy.  If you are downtown want to do it cheap check out the Gold Spike~
3	Surprisingly decent considering the price and location. I had the 7 ounce NY steak with veggies.  I'm on a low carb thing right now so I left the potato and beer battered shrimp, but still it was only 13 bucks! They cooked the steak to a good med rare and the veggies ( even though they were frozen) were seasoned well and not mushy. The steak, even though it wasn't the best quality, was cooked well like I said before, and that to me is the most important. I know what kind of quality I expect when I walk into any restaurant, and this cafe made the best of what they were given. I would recommend to anyone on a budget.  Also by boyfriend got the prime rib and it was pretty good as well.  The whole place was remodeled and looked like it jumped out of ikea, but going in originally, I was expecting a dump. Good job gold spike..
5	Cheap rooms in downtown Las Vegas with a cool atmosphere. ...and they allow small dogs.
4	This place has quickly become my go-to downtown joint.  You cannot beat the 2-4-1 specials and that has brought me back so many times.  Since my last review, so much has changed:Hotel:  Can you believe I actually stayed here?!  Not my first choice by any means, but on Hotel Tonight, it was only $25, so I thought, why not?!  The rooms were small and had a musky smell to it.  The beds were comfortable but everything was just like your typical motel.  In fact, my room was the first room on the ground level and made me feel nervous for my safety.  I nicknamed this place the "murder motel."  Just a joke lolFood:  "Who'd a thunk," the Spike actually has great food!  I usually get the cheese quesadilla for like 6 bucks, or the chicken tenders for 6 bucks as well.  The food is really good and priced insanely cheap.  It's pub food, but comes out quickly and isn't bad at all!  You should try it.Service:  Well, there's still that little person of a security guard that carries mase and a toy gun who thinks he has big cajones, but aside from that, I've come into contact with some of the coolest people working there.  First off, there's those three security guards, one African American, there's Josh (his wife, I work with)  and the other is older with grey hair.  All of them are the coolest cats in the building!  Always so nice, always remembers me and always willing to lend a hand when requested.  Such great guys.  Then there's Dani.  Ahh, Dani.  Nicknamed "Tits McGee," she is probably the coolest bartender I've ever had.  No matter how busy they are, she is always there with a smile, or a joke and makes me and my party always feel welcomed.  I think anyone who comes in contact with her feels the same way and she's a huge reason why I keep coming back!The Spike has quickly turned into my happening spot on weekends.  Like Cheers once said, "you wanna go where everybody knows your name."  So what are you waiting for?  Get your ass down to Gold Spike!
4	Born and raised in Vegas, but haven't been in the Gold Spike until now(No longer a resident of Nevada). I expected it to be WAY more dirty adn dive-y, but was surprised at how bright and CLEAN it was. It wasn't full of people either(I guess cus it was a couple days before xmas) so it made it even more pleasurable. The bartender(Dani?) was a total sweetheart and was well acquainted with my barfly friend who got me interested  in the joint in the first place. Drinks were cheap and delicious(but Makers Mark always is).I definitely plan on going back whenever I'm in town and may even try to stay in the rooms...we'll see how brave I feel :D
4	Gold Spike oh how I love thee!  The room prices and location can't be beat.  I stayed here before the renovation in 2006 and had the time of my life.  Sure the patrons seemed a little seedy but they were fun and entertaining.   I returned to Vegas and my beloved gold spike in 2011 and to my surprise it had gotten a facelift.  Just like my grandma after her facelift the gold spike was just as sweet on the outside as it is on the inside.  This place would have gotten 5 stars but the bartenders took forever to take my order so 4 stars it is.  I must say the gold spike is the best kept secret in Vegas.
4	Ok we were pleasantly surprised at this little place in downtown Vegas. It is very pet friendly they have a little area done up with artificial turf and doggie bags very clean area the pool was pretty but it was to cold to use it but positively going to on our next trip the rooms were smallish but clean with nice tvs. They were hosing down the sidewalks the morning we arrived making the hotel walkways clean. The only complaints I have aren't to major to get ice you have to go to the front desk and the bed was a little hard within walking distance of Fremont street and a short drive to the strip I'm giving this place four stars for being clean cheap and super pet friendly
3	Caveat: this trip was to see family no strip on the agenda, had this been a standard "party in Vegas" weekend probably would've never stayed here...Solid 3 stars! Area is sh$tty but not NYC pre 1985 broadway sh$tty lol but bums and depressed people and closer to the under belly than the high roller side of Vegas...BUTRoom is clean, bathroom works fine, AC is tip-top, bed was a surprisngly comfortable king (sheet and thin blanket) TV, ipod/radio, gamblin in the lobby & a bar (eh, you get what you pay for...) the cafe has decent bacon & eggs, pancakes and french toast good too (not great mind ya but good). Yeah for $18-$40 a night depending on the day NOT BAD AT ALL!Not for the label whores or the thin skinned. Real folks, real value. I've been to Vegas atleast ten times and each time I ended up spending atleast $250-$500 on my lodging, Atleast (per night ahem!) Gold Spike for less than a $100 for a weekend getaway is worth it!*crash pad, not hangover pimp a$$ suite**Fremont St is cool and is a block away nice low key wild Vegas experience. Low Key in the sense that these clubs, bars, strip clubs etc want your business and they know they aren't on the strip and they also know that the area attracts the budget conscious and the types of people that higher end clubs make wait in line forever, sometimes never getting in...(but perhaps for good reason lol real rough looking bunch) yeah, so they keep it real and truly want you there. Clientele is less "polished" haha but certainly fun times with fun people!***they have a cool little pool called Oasis at Gold Spike probably nice in the warm months****not worth more than $60 a night I see higher rates I wouldn't pay $79 here
3	Cheap but clean hotel in Downtown Las Vegas. Rooms are basic but well renovated. Parking is free but can be an issue on the weekend and in that case you'll have to rely on the valet (free also). Recommended if you want the downtown Las Vegas experience (and you should try it for sure).
4	Great price for what you get. Everything is clean, the rooms are a little stuffy, but running the air conditioner it helps immensely. The people and customer service are awesome!!!! We were only here a day and most of the staff knew us by name. We decided to stay for Super Bowl because not only are the rooms a great price, but the food and drink too!! 6.99 for a decent prime rib dinner, 3.00 for drinks, and 3.00 blackjack. Will definitely come back.
4	Enjoyed playing BJ. Clean casino. Will definitely go back.
4	The Gold Spike is a small hotel/casino located downtown Las Vegas one street down from Fremont Street Experience. If your looking for a cheap hotel room, you found it. I booked Sat night for $40 most weekdays it's $20 or less. The casino is tiny but they do have $3 Blackjack. All of the slot machines require hand-pays, which kinda sucks. The Cafe was bomb, order the $7 Prime Rib dinner. The rooms were clean and I slept like a rock, I was drunk when I passed out. One of the things I disliked was all the sketchy looking people that hang out in the casino. Valet parking on weekends is great too...
2	only cheap other than too bad
3	This Hotel and Casino has definitely gone through a renovation... but it hasn't seemed to bring in more customers.  Their casino looks refreshed but nobody seems to stumble into this place.  They provide a few table games and a great variety of slot machines.  It's just off the beaten path of Freemont but will benefit from the revitalization of the Grand Hotel and Casino - formerly the Lady Luck.
4	Goodbye Gold Spike!The sudden closure on April 13 still has people talking. I went to the closing party and the mood was upbeat, the employees were wonderful, and I appreciated being showered with freebies!The bar served $1 drinks (all drinks) during the party, and though I didn't have any, a friend was impressed with the mixology happening. Drinks had to be creative as the popular brands ran out. We also had one last meal at the restaurant, which was nicely remodeled along with the rest of the property a while ago. And so continues the redevelopment of Downtown..........we shall see. RIP, Gold Spike.
4	The room was better than I expected. ($120 for 3 nights).The staff was friendly.I like that all the rooms are never too far from the elevators.One block to the incredibly low brow Fremont experience.BUTThe wifi was worthless.When I checked in I was told to pony up an additional $10 a day for a "resort fee".  This covers wifi (unusable), the pool and some other blah blah blah I didn't pick up on.   It looks like this is just another Vegas scam because a friend staying at the Quad said he encountered the same thing.  I never saw his room there, but he referred to it as "a dive, and I don't mean that in a good way" and, later, as simply "terrifying".Anyway, I went to the desk to checkout and the girl there said she would refund the resort fee after I politely told her the wifi was so bad I could never log on.  Then again, she claimed it was impossible to give me a paper receipt, so I'll have to check my CC statement and make sure.Finally, as I was checking out, an old old cowboy told me the building had been bought and was changing hands that very week.  So perhaps this entire review is for naught..
5	I had never been here before, so how fitting that we went on its very last night in existence!! The bar was filled to the brink with Zapponians to show support for their final go-round. The drinks were 2 for 1, which I mean honestly can't get better, right? We had a blast! The staff were working their butts off to keep us hydrated and they were having fun celebrating with us. I'm pretty bummed out that we won't be able to hang out there again, as I loved the decor and the ambiance altogther.
3	The Gold Spike is closed??!  NO WAY!  Just another reason why I don't think I'll ever be back to Las Vegas, even if it's Downtown.  This is just sad.
5	I stayed here twice. If I can give 1/2 star, I would give this place 4 and 1/2 stars. Pro: great price, great room, new interior, clean, great service, delicious 24 hours restaurant.  The room I stayed is just like the new photos in their ads. Cons: the area not so safe, the room is little small compare to other hotel or motel.This is only based on the hotel stay, not including the gambling or other features they provide like swimming pool because I didn't use any of that. If you want to gamble or swim, then you should stay in the strip. Gold spike is more for people who want to save money from hotel and spend on where else.
4	I love the changes they have made.  I go there regularly no for meetings and lunch or breakfast.  It is a hip place and and a great meeting place when I am downtown.
2	The classic DIVE CASINO that I used to bring all my friends too.I am going to have to find another classic dive.I can't wait for it's reopening.
