1	This property management company is the absolute worst I have ever dealt with in over 18 years in Las Vegas!The apartment complex I was renting from (and currently escaping from) is Bay shore Club. The place is a disgusting nightmare hole in the wall, being run by the most unprofessional woman in Las Vegas. I have called to the management company several times over the course of my lease to report the unprofessional level of interactions, and to this day (over 8 months) Not One person from this company has ever bothered to pick up a phone to call back, or even acknowledge that I have been attempting to contact them. Now I understand that this is common for this company, as they don't actually care whether or not their employees treat the residents with courteousness or respect, because they don't treat their residents with respect either! How hard would it be to return ONE phone call in 8 months? Is it actually possible that the people in this company are really NEVER at their desks, and I ALWAYS get to leave a voice mail? No, they just don't want to be bothered, and therefore do not deal with legitimate complaints either!The following is a list of  properties owned and operated by this company, and I strongly suggest you find a different management company to rent from. Avalon at Seven Hills  Cha Cha Cha Copper Hills  Sunset Hills  Amber Ridge  Arville Park Apartments Bayshore Club  Bella Estates Bolero (Viking Villas) Bonanza Storage  Bossa Nova  Bossa Nova Storage Boulevard Park  Cabana Park  Canyon Creek Villas  Canyon Pointe   Century Village  Coronado Bay Club Cottonwood Creek  Cypress Springs Apartments  Echelon at Centennial Hills  El Pueblo De Las Brisas Flamingo Chateau  Meadow Ridge  Newport Cove  East Palm Hills  Paradise Square  Pecos Terrace Pinehurst Luxury Apartments  Regency Heights  Rosewood Park  Sandpointe  Saratoga Palms  Siena Townhomes (Shepherd Hills)  Skyline Terrace (Villa Marienda)  Spanish Oaks  St. Clair Apartments  St. Tropez Apartments  Summerhill Villas  Sunstone Mini Storage Swenson  The Commons at Seven Palms  The Park Vista Apartments  The Rancho Vista  The Villa Del Rio  The Villa Del Sol  Tierra Villas  Woodlake Villas  Wynn Palms  Parkwood Apartments
4	this review is NOT about the company is about an employee of Stout management company ,is the only maintenance guy in Avalon at Seven Hills ,he is a very hard worker and trying hard but unfortunately  the only one working in the huge  complex , and I don't think is fair for him ,that is why sometimes you have to wait forever for the problems in any apartment to be fix, I will give him Five Starts, to Thomas Kloiber  , thank You Thomas for your hard work and dedication
1	The worst experience !!!! My daughter is 20 years old, a room mate and herself tried to rent apt. at Wynn palms apt.  they were not approved for it because they did not make enough money but they had given them $199.00 plus app fee. When they tried to get their $199. back( I was there with her), They said she needed to give them $50.00 in order to get money back in 24 hrs. (due to money order issues) When my daughter called back saying she had to put her money into a place to live they told her well you only had 72 hrs to produce the $50.!!! THAT IS A LIE!!! I was right there and they NEVER said anything of the kind!!! WHY DO THEY WANT TO STEAL FROM YOUNG PEOPLE/MY DAUGHTER????
