2	It's hotel is new, I believe it opened in June 2012.  Upon arrival and walking into my room, I would rate this as 5 stars, however as any experience traveler will tell you, wait a while and feel out the place.  My review is a little harsh, but I am trying to warn my fellow Yelpers.  Walls are paper thin, unusual for a SHS, I mean paper thin, I could hear the guy next to me talking to someone in his phone and understand him. The look of the room is excellent, again someone wasn't thinking right, the bed is right next to the air condition which is under the window, works great, but you cannot escape the direct wind tunnel on you at night.  I like it cold when I sleep, I had to get up and shut it off.  These comments are also shared by a coworker which lodged on the 2nd floor.  Internet is ok, typical hotel speed.  For 89 bucks, I lived with my stay, but next visit I will stay elsewhere.  Oh staff was good, breakfast typical microwaved blah.
3	Not bad. Off the strip so convenient and cheaper. Clean rooms, very modern. Bathroom doors are a little weird. Friendly staff and hot breakfast though.
5	One of the best hotels off-strip. Convenient to Nellis and ARNG facilities. Rooms are clean (housekeepers black light each room) but what makes this hotel great is the staff. The extra attention to details is what keeps this experienced business traveler coming back. Great place to stay if you are going to be in town for awhile. The best hotel I have stayed at throughout my travels in the state of Nevada. A Special Thanks to Kathy, Vince, Kristen and the rest of the staff for making me feel "at home".
4	If you're ever in Vegas but don't really care about staying in one of the more famous hotels, this is a great option if you have a car.Location is a wee bit far as it's about 5-10 minutes N of the Strip, but the rates during long weekends are very reasonable at around $100 a night, for 3 of us.I've stayed at a few Springhills in different cities, and this one is quite consistent in terms of decor and feel. Nice fluffy beds, and clean washrooms (weird layout though).  Beautiful.  Another nice touch is that the alarm clocks have built in iPhone (30-pin) charging, and you can play your music through the speakers as well.As mentioned by others, this location was quite new (built in 2012), so everything is nice and shiny.There is continental breakfast available.  The food is quite decent, but the breakfast sausages are definitely on the ghetto side.  However, one can't complain when it's free.  You can also get bacon, eggs, cereal, juices, and yogurt.Springhill is fast becoming one of my favourite hotel chains.  Recommended.
4	Excellent hotel and very good price.   Room is bran new and absolutely clean for all.   Much better than many hotels in strip.     I highly recommend for everyone.   We had family of 5 (with 3 kids) and it was enough for all of them.  I would put all 5 stars, but one person... one person ruin for getting all 5 starts and receive two start on service.   All the other staff were very friendly and excellent service spirit, but one lady who was working at front desk on 12/27 on midnight.   She was very rude and no customer service Sprite.   Basically back entrance door was not working and she blame that our keys (all three keys) were demagnetized because we put next to the credit card.    Also, she didn't check the condition of the back door and she said " I'll report to maintenance tomorrow morning"  If door is not working, why don't you put little sign and notify to other customers who may try to enter from the back door?   I'm sorry, what a lazy person.   I'm sure she was busy with texting her phone or watching TV. But don't give attitude to the customer.  Next time, you should go outside at midnight with temp 37F and walk around whole entire hotel with few clothing.  Then experience how you feel, if door is not working.
5	Nice hotel. Everything was new and clean which is all you can ask at a place. The strip is not too far away and located right of the highway which is nice. There are also restaurants and stores within walking distance.Not to do with the hotel specifically, but do not order room service from outside company. It is terrible. Took over two hours and the food tasted horrible.
5	Really very nice hotel!  New, clean, modern...  happy, nice employees.  Quiet, serene..  layout of room was great...partition separates couch/living area from bedroom.  Bathroom and shower separate...very cool.  Slept like a rock on the awesome bed!   Breakfast buffet very nice for being free.  Located right next to Route 15....very accessible to other areas.  Loved having a Jamba Juice and Del Taco close by.  Btw, I didnt come here for the Strip.  I went for the parks here and in Utah.  If u like natural rock formations make sure u visit Red Rock and Fire Valley parks....real gems!!   Loved this hotel...will miss.
5	Checked in on a Friday, checked out on a Sunday. Place is clean, decor is contemporary, service is great bathrooms are awesome. Gym is a bit small, only 3 machines. Pool is a descent size, don't know if many people use it though. I would definitely stay here again. $90 a night was well worth it.
4	Far enough away from the Strip that you won't have to deal with traffic, slums, and bums. Close enough that you can drive if you have a car. I wouldn't recommend this location if you plan to hang out in Vegas without a car, though. Cabs will be expensive.There are a good amount of restaurants in the area.Overall about this hotel specifically, it is very new and clean. The staff is courteous and the breakfast buffet is free and standard, but good. They change up the breakfasts so if you stay more than a few days, you will be glad to see some new options.The room was nice but don't expect a view. The staff was respectful and I had no issues while staying.I don't recommend buying anything in the lobby, everything is really overpriced. Head down the road to a gas station, instead.
