2	I recently tried going to Prime Dental in Laveen because they are close to my home. I have also previously gone to Laveen Dental and Southwest Dental in Laveen. I was not impressed with any of them.At Prime Dental I had Dr. Flowers. He was friendly during my exam, but when I came back for fillings, he was all business. Went right to work giving me shots without a greeting. The procedure took a VERY long time. He never checked in with me to see if I was alright. My head was practically on the floor with my feet in the air. Water was sprayed all over my face and dripping off. I was highly uncomfortable and in a lot of pain. Left with heavily bleeding, swollen gums. I went home and took my strongest pain reliever....I've never had to do that before and I've had a lot of work done in my mouth. I will not be returning. Even if you live in Laveen, I recommend traveling to a dentist that will make sure you are as comfortable as possible.
1	No No No, incomplete work and liers when it came to the whitening kit. Money hungry. I went in early and they were the one running behind so why rush me because the next appointment is here. Find another spot to get your work done
1	At first I loved them. I got a $50 groupon for X-rays, a cleaning, and a comprehensive exam. A month later I get a bill in the mail for $574. So, I'm young, no insurance, and not that much money. This keeps me up at night. The next day, I leave a voicemail, upset, as anyone might understand. This is my credit we're talking about, I didn't get any sleep, not to mention that I just can't afford to pay that. Shannon calls me back admonishing me for getting upset, saying it was a simple mistake an adjustment wasn't made. She then continues to scold me, and now I'm getting more upset to the point of tears. This was your mistake. I have a right to be upset. I talked to four people in that office when I went in to make sure that I wasn't going to be billed for anything extra. Hello Prime Dental, when your "mistake" has the potential to affect my livelihood, and I'm a struggling twenty something. I'm going to get upset. Will I ever go back now that I'm getting insurance? No. Condescending and paternalistic doesn't win patients. Shannon was unspeakably rude, and when she made me so angry that I was about to cry, she hung up on me.  I had to call back again to make sure that the mistake was corrected, and I wouldn't be receiving another bill a month from now.  You had me at that groupon. You lost me and everyone I will talk to about this b/c Shannon talks down to the patients you scare the hell out of.
5	Me and gf goes here. Not a single bad thing about this dental spot. They have nice and friendly staff. I would never go for another dentist . I had 2 root canal. 3 cleanings. 2 pulling out and iam pretty sure i havent felt so secure walking in a dentist.
5	This place was/is a MUCH better experience than what I had with Southwest Dental Laveen. Immediately I was greeted (both on the phone and in person) in a friendly, positive demeanor (unlike SW Dental...) and felt comfort. I have dentist anxiety and cant help but be nervous every time no matter where.  During my 1st visit with Prime, I kept myself pretty calm more-so than I have elsewhere. They made it easier on me with their friendly & positive demeanor's. They were willing to address any issue I may have and wanted to be sure I was doing OK (taking my nervousness/anxiety into consideration!). Sure, I still loath going to the dentist but I feel that these guys are better experienced than other offices,and know what customer satisfaction & care is all about. I have read the previous reviews and I believe they need better credit considering a majority are 2+ years old.
