5	Since it was my first time trying Hokkaido, I decided to try the Hokkaido Symphony Land and Sea combination plate. It came with filet mignon, scallops, lobster, and vegetables. It was amazing! It's a bit expensive, but you get an a lot of excellent mix of high-quality beef and seafood. Chef Luong is very friendly and entertaining. He creates an awesome dining experience coupled with the delicious food he makes. The restaurant atmosphere is inviting and it shows that they thought about every piece of the design and its place.I highly recommend checking it out. You won't be disappointed!Sayonara Benihana! Welcome Hokkaido!
4	It was a great experience, food was delicious....The chef was awesome, the decor was very modern, will definitely go back!
5	I was visiting my family in Las Vegas and they had read the reviews on Hokkaido so we decided it would be fun.  Many teppanyaki's seem the same...the show is good...the food is okay...pay your bill and go.  Hokkaido was truly great.  Our chef had some new tricks I hadn't seen before and the food was REALLY good, we were all surprised!  All service was great, and the decor was very pretty and modern.  I would recommend this to anyone.
5	Took family to Hokkaido since the teppanyaki place we used to frequent went out of business.  VERY pleasantly surprised!!  The food was great, the staff was very friendly, and the cooking show was new and exciting.  Definitely have found our new place to go for teppan.  Can't wait to take the kids since our son absolutely loves to watch this cooking.  Would definitely recommend this to anyone around town as a great place to eat and have fun.  Take your friends when they come to town.Only complaint, I need to leave room for dessert since I am a creme brulee junkie and I'm dying to try the Lychee Creme Brulee next time I'm there!
3	I am very picky when it comes to fish and this place is just ok.  Maybe it's great for their cooked food, but for someone who appreciates fish, I would skip this place.
4	I was so glad to have tried this place for dinner last night. My girlfriend had suggested Hokkaido being she is a regular there and I was pleasantly surprised.It is a newer restaurant, very clean with a more modern decor. The service was excellent. The waitress never let our glasses get empty.Of course we went on an off night and it was a little slower but I was really surprised that they would have the chef come out and cook every time customer's came in instead of herding people and making them wait to fill up the teppan table.Even if there was just a couple, they would get seated and the chef would come out soon after drinks were provided and orders were taken!The Teppan Chef prepared the food cooked to perfection. We both had the filet and shrimp and they truly were cooked properly.The only small issue I had was that everything was sauced so it did make for a very salty dinner but next time I can ask for no sauce during cooking so that I can use the dipping ones instead. Even the fried rice had too much soy sauce in it but otherwise the meal was great.I especially liked that we had the buy one get one free from Entertainment Books website so it made dinner all the more worthwhile.I would definitely come back and highly recommend this local teppan restaurant to everyone!
4	I love this place!The hostess is adorable and she always remembers me. Everyone is really friendly, therefore great service.Food is yummy. I've had the teppanyaki style and I've also just sat at the sushi bar. One of the sushi chefs let me sample different sauces he was trying out, so that was kinda neat.They are better than Benihana's, but I wish they had the onion soup.It is a little pricey, but it's normal for teppanyaki. Overall this place is guaranteed to deliver good food and a great time.
3	Honestly I'd give it a 3.5 if I were given the option. The interior design is really nice and reminiscent of a casino restaurant in terms of coolness factor. Our waitress was attentive and did a good job taking care of us.Our teppanyaki chef really tried hard but somehow just fell short. His skills operating his cooking utensils and doing any type of "tricks" that you normally associate with his position were lacking. He also had way too many one liners and seemed to try too hard cracking jokes rather than focusing on a teppanyaki chef's cooking & entertainment skills that are done with his hands & utensils.All in all the food was good but not out of this world. My wife had the scallops dinner and it was made very well, definitely recommended. I had the steak dinner and it was done quite good as well but no big surprises either way. Where they fell short is the fact that the veggies were sorely lacking in quantity and I've never had cabbage instead of sprouts... and it's not for me. Along with upcharging $3 a piece for fried rice is a bit on the steep side in my opinion. Walking away I still felt hungry so we headed to Waffles for dessert and I suggest you do too! :)
4	Really enjoyed the Sea Bass that was prepared on the grill in front of me. The food felt good for me and tasted good (not overly rich, I guess.) Hostess, waitress and chef were all friendly. I'll be going again.
5	Sushi was excellent.  Came for lunch and want to go back for dinner for Teppanyaki.
1	The first experience I had at Hokkaido was fabulous.  The amazing food with large portions kept us coming back.  We loved it so much our wedding rehearsal dinner was held there.  Here is where my compliments stop.  4 guests of our party of 40 got FOOD POISONING.  They were all seated at the same table, which made me believe a portion of the food was spoiled.  One of my bridesmaids was so weak and sick she barely made it to the wedding.  When telling Hokkaido about this they made the situation right (as much as they could) by reimbursing the portion of food at one table. My last experience, that pushed me to write this review was tonights dinner.  We ordered a variety of teppanyaki of chicken, steak, shrimp and scallops.  The steak well past a medium and as tough as leather, scallops as thin as a pancakes ( I believe they cut them in half),  and portions half the size as what they used to be.  When I finally complained about the quality of food the manager told me they were cutting costs and scallops are very expensive.  WHAT?!? We just paid $50 for this!  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND EATING HERE TO ANYONE unless you want to risk food poisoning and get well below average food.
4	The teppanyaki was amazing...our chef was very entertaining and the prices werent that bad. The staff was very friendly and accomodating to our needs. No complaints here.....
4	I came here to satisfy my craving for Sushi so I ordered The Mexican. It was spicy and had fresh cut jalapenos decorating the top. I paired it with a Fiji Apple flavored Sake. They went so well together ..spicy and sweet. The service was also fantastic because even though they were just about to close they still wanted to know if we wanted dessert. I didn't want to order anything else because it was getting late but  it felt good not to be rushed out.
4	Its located across from Garden Park in the newish Summerlin Area.  The place is very clean and high-end Asian-Chic (if there was such a thing). Wait staff was friendly and well mannered.  It wasn't super busy around 7pm when we arrived, but it most reached a full house by 8pm.Our teppanyaki chef Matt was very entertaining; he's got lots of cheesy food jokes but seemed to really enjoy what he was doing, which made the experience that much better! The food was great.  We had steak, shrimp, chicken, scallop, veggies as well as the fried rice.  Everything was up to par and satisfying.We also ordered the Chef Special Hokkaido Scallop Sushi roll.  The reason why we ordered it was because it's a sushi roll with banana in it, which is an ingredient we've never seen in sushi before...the end result was W.O.W!  Its a chunk of sweet banana on top of a tender scallop, both wrapped with soy-paper, and the whole thing was flash fried, then topped with surimi and some yummy orange color aioli.  The representation of the dish was pleasing to the eye, and the taste reminds me of tempura fried banana, almost dessert like! The combination was almost surreal, leave me wanting more!For dessert we ordered Lychee Creme Brulee.  It was also ordered out of curiosity.  We didn't think Lychee would pair well with creamy eggy things...guess we were wrong!  The Lychee flavor was definitely a big part of the creme brulee.  In a way, it lightened the heaviness of the dessert.  On the bottom of we also found chunks of lychee, which was an added bonus to the dish!We left the place with full stomach and big smile.  Goodtimes!
4	I've never been a fan of the whole teppanyaki experience.  Growing up in San Francisco, I used to watch the tourists enjoy the theatrics at the famous Benihana restaurant in Japantown.It all looked like fried rice to me and I always wondered how the food got properly divided when you have multiple parties at your table.After watching a teppanyaki competition on the Food Network, I realized there was a bit more to just cooking on a propane-heated flat surface grill.First off, it helped that the Husband and I had the teppanyaki chef all to ourselves.  Sure, it's not likely you'll get that experience, but it definitely contributes to a good or bad evening.  Chefs with a good personality will give a good show and everyone will have a good time.I chose the Chicken and Scallop Combination Dinner ($24.95), while the Husband chose the New York Steak and Chicken Combination Dinner ($26.95).  They both came with miso soup, ginger salad, steam rice, shrimp and seasoned vegetables.  The waitress was a smart one - she offered edamame to start when she got our beverage orders.  And suggested the fried rice option when we put our food orders in.  We declined and she offered one order so we could share it.  For $2.95 more, we upgraded one of our steamed rices to a fried rice.When it came down to it, our chef was entertaining and engaging.  He did a few tricks that we didn't see during the competition, and that had us a bit surprised.  He was friendly and personable, and it did make for an enjoyable eating experience.Food-wise, we were both pretty full surprisingly.  Was it worth the $50?  Not really.  (It helped that we had a BOGO free entree with the Entertainment card.)  It was definitely something to experience at least once.Not only do they have teppanyaki tables, but regular tables and a small sushi bar.  Most diners were enjoying the teppanyaki experience here though.
4	I hadn't been to a hibatchi place like this since the Clinton Administration was in office. But the Entertainment Book had a very good coupon, so the Mrs. & I gave it a whirl on our date night.It was rather empty on a week night so we got special attention. Our chef wasn't Japanese (or Asian at all) but he spoke with that accent, which was funny. A lot of the jokes were kinda dated but I felt like I had to laugh at them just to be a good sport. His knife skills were pretty good. You can tell the rookies by how they just slap the utensils around aimlessly without purpose. But our chef did well, including building the classic onion volcano and the wall of fire.My wife had the chicken. I had the scallops and calamari. They were both surprisingly yummy, mainly due to the sauces that came with the plates. Portion sizes were reasonable (I remember always leaving hungry after Benihanas). My wife and I were entertained by the cheesiness of it all. I just wished there were new tricks and new jokes to go with the updated food.
4	My husband and I are new to the area and still trying to find some great new favorite restaurants. So we decided to try a Teppanyaki, we loved the atmosphere and our chef matt was too too funny. We ordered the sirloin steak and shrimp and the chicken and shrimp, both were very tasty. But I do have to mention that the steak was half the size we would normally get at other Teppanyaki and the mustard sauce was quite heavy on the mustard, we are used to a lighter mustard sauce.  Although I'm not sure this will be one of favorites, but would it work in a pinch. However, we are still searching for the one.
4	Overall really like this place and will definitely go back.  We had a table of 5 and everyone thought the food and overall experience was delicious.-----GOODFoodFood quality and presentation for both sushi and teppanyaki was really nice.  Steak cooked perfectly.  Fried rice was awesome.  Mexican roll nice sized portion and fresh.  Very tasty Lobster and Scallops.AtmosphereVery nice atmosphere.CleanStaff was cleaning tables and grills at all times.Bus ServiceWater and drinks kept full.  Empty plates removed promptly. -----NEEDS WORKWaiter/HostWas not familiar with the menu gave bad information.  Was "slow" in that he seemed like he just walked out of Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.PortionsOrdered the steak and scallops and only got 4 medium sized scallops and a unusually small portion of steak.  For the price it was really off.UpchargeHidden $3 bucks to upcharge to fried rice for teppanyaki.  Really?  This is customary and should be included or disclosed at the very minimum-----Despite the problems the food and experience was still good.  Combined with the convenient location we'll be back a second time.
4	My family likes the entertainment at Teppanyaki restaurants and they are a nice place to celebrate a birthday or special ocassion.  We had 5 persons this particular night.  The service at Hokkaido was excellent.  Shrimp was the best with a barbecue-like sauce.  Chicken and steak were good, scallops were just okay.  We, too, like other reviewers thought there could have been just a little bigger portions.  We are not big eaters, usually bringing home "doggie bags," but we all  ate everything wanted more.  We had even ordered 2 tempura appetizers which were very good.   The portion of scallops was especially small.  The combo portions were ample.  I would rate them 3 1/2 stars.  I would have added another star had portions been larger.
5	The nicest and most amazing people both servers and chef!  The lobster, filet and scallops combo is beyond delicious!  Also try the lychee brulee dessert!Wayne Gorsek
4	I was worried since my last bad teppanyaki experience at Benihana, but I decided to go anyway.It was soooo much better, you don't have the same atmosphere and decor, but who cares. Wednesday night and the small restaurant was empty. Staff was nice, I had a coupon for 20% off, but with 4 of us all needing seperate checks I didn't think they'd give us all a discount, but they did.  Our chef a a little quiet and not too exciting but I had seen the routine before, I just wanted the food.I got the shrimp and chicken combo with white rice...so much more flavor than Benihana, even better than Osaka, they weren't afraid to add sauces and seasoning, they even ask if you want more sauce. I think the ginger dressing on the salad is better than others. The miso soup was good. I agree with other reviewers, the portions are a tad smaller. Price is similar to other teppan places. I would go back.
4	I use the Buy One Get One coupon from the Entertainment Book, which brings this down to an affordable treat.  I've never been "wow"ed by the chefs -- pretty standard performances ... but the food is better seasoned than Benihana.  I adore the shrimp.  Portions are probably right, but I end up finishing every last morsel off my plate and often wish there were more! ;-)
4	Great service! had an awesome time Teppanyaki Style (: I will definitely be back! food was delicious, a bit pricey but it was worth it.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Summerlin. The restaurant is new, clean and got nice decor inside. We didn't try the teppanyaki. We just went for their sushi. The sushi rolls were delicious,fresh and look good. We order lychee creme brulee for me and tempura ice cream for my husband. And both desserts were delicious. There were different servers stopped by on our table to check us out and all of them were nice and we were satisfied on their service.
4	Brought my honey and some friends from out of town to this place.  Had a 20% off total bill coupon from Entertainment Book so thought what the heck, let's go.  Glad we did.  It was a fun time.  Our teppanyaki chef, Matt was a funny guy and made us laugh.  The food was fresh and delish.  The restaurant was quiet and not too full so we almost had the place to ourselves.  Our friends had the fried ice cream for dessert and I was a tad jealous, it looked really tasty.  Had a great time, loved the decor.  Will go back again.
3	We went to this Teppan Steakhouse because it had some of the best reviews on Yelp.  We also chose Teppan because my 81 year old mother in law had never been to one.  We wanted to show her the Japanese flair cooking of singing twirling spatulas and flying eggs and of course the onion volcano.  Unfortunately I think we got the DISHWASHER as our CHEF at our table.  All the other tables were filled with oooohs and ahhhhs of the chef's tricks, but our lame "cook" did NONE of the traditional fun.  He basically cooked the food in normal fashion like I would at home.  Why pay the extra money for this?  He didn't make enough rice to even fill the bowls, he sliced and cooked the steaks one at a time and his "special flavoring" was a TABLESPOON of GARLIC per small steak.   Luckily I saw this before he got to mine and asked him to hold the garlic.  Who wants to hide the flavor of a good filet mignon with a huge dollop of garlic? His onion volcano was a pitiful 2 layers of onion rings. and he left the vegetables for last and cooked them so little time, they were firm and practically RAW on the plate. Cold raw cabbage in the mix? blech!I gave 3 stars, because despite the pitiful skills, the soup, rice and steak did have good flavor.  the vegetables were fresh and would have been good if properly cooked.  If you get a good chef, i'm sure this would be an excellent restaurant.  we were just unlucky.Hokkaido manager, I hope you read this and make sure to properly train the chefs before you put them on the floor.  NOT a fun dinner by any means.
5	I originally made reservations at Osaka , but the reviews were terrible... so I researched and the reviews for Hokkaido were good...  and I must say they were ACCURATE!   This place was great.  Our chef was awesome and our waitress took great care of us and the food was great.  I don't eat meat but everyone else raved that the fillet was the best they had ever had.  The shrimp was by far the best I have ever had.  We had a few sushi rolls that were very good also.  Prices were within reason, no better and no worse than most other restaurants of this type.  We can't wait to go back.
4	I've only eaten here once but i had a great experience. The sushi chef was friendly, knowledgable, and quick on making my orders. The fish was very fresh and delicious.
4	Great serviceee!
4	So I finally dragged my husband to Hokkaido, he readily agreed when I flashed the buy one get one free coupon.Friday night, it was busy but easy to get a seat. Staff was very friendly.My experience was just as tasty as the first...love their shrimp with "magic' sauce. My husband had the New York Strip steak ordered medium. He said it was okay but says he likes the steak better at Osaka. He also didn't think the veggies weren't all that. We agree to disagree, so I guess go for the shrimp and chicken, and the cheesy floor show, you can't help but giggle at the same old jokes.
4	Some of the best Teppanyaki I have had in town.  Nice atmosphere.  Try the lychee creme brulee for dessert.
3	This was our second visit to Hokkaido.  Again, portions were exceptionally small (throw in a few extra vegetables.). Also, they charge an extra $2.95 for fried rice instead of steamed rice.  $1.00 might be reasonable.  Service was okay, waitress was not very friendly.  Scallops were cooked well.  Teppanyaki cook not as entertaining as those I have seen in the past.  If you have a 2/1, then it is a pretty good deal.
1	Ordered Sea Bass and got Halibut! They are either unaware of the difference or they are deliberately defrauding the customers, they just said Sea Bass is the only fish they offer, like that would convince me. I've been eating Sea Bass for years and Sea bass has large flakes and is really soft in texture not firm and stringy like Halibut. And it should have a slightly sweet aftertaste and not taste 'fishy' at all, wasn't even a great piece of Halibut. I'm beginning to think PF Changs in the only place to get consistently good Sea Bass at a reasonable price. I feel bad for the Chef, not his fault, and he made a great flaming onion volcano.
5	Great service and delicious food.  The sushi is mediocre, but the teppan grill is the way to go here!  Although our chef initially did not do the fun tricks, when we asked him, he delivered. We enjoyed the filet, shrimp, chicken and vegetables.  This is the perfect neighborhood Teppanyaki House!
5	Best Tepanyaki this side of Japan. 5 Star service and reasonable prices!This is the real deal! Aloha, B.T.
4	The food was excellent.  I appreciate that, even though we ordered our beef cooked differently, the chef worked the grill to cook the well done meat in a hotter part of the grill so that everyone was still served together. Very nice. We had the Filet Mignon and didn't order any sushi. I wouldn't have had room anyway.  I strongly suggest paying the small price to add fried rice. It was delicious. We also had a nice conversation with the chef. He didn't stay locked into the flipping shrimp show, but showed enough that we knew it was there for the asking.  Only complaint - wait until we're done to bring out the mop bucket.  We'll be back though. The price was better than most Teppanyaki places and the food didn't disappoint.
5	Food was amazing! Service was great and as a frequent customer of Benihana I would say the habachi chefs were better, food tasted better and the prices were better! I will definitely come back!
3	Decent sushi and teppanyaki. The prices are a bit high for the quantity of food. The sushi rolls are miniature, had the spicy salmon and red rock rolls. I was surprisingly charged $2.50 for hot tea which is customarily a complimentary item at Japanese restaurants. Not a big fan overall.
5	Had to give this place 5 stars because our cook was so enthusiastic and hilarious. He referenced Japanese sauces, techniques and tools to American things like happy meals and zambonis. Waitress was super nice too. Get the lobster! So worth it. Mustard sauce was weak. Great for families too but just me and my boy went.
4	This place was great. Not only the food, but the chef was also very friendly and funny.It's your typical hibachi style restaurant with typical menu items, and a few desserts. The tables seat 8, I went with just my mom and we sat next to a really nice family visiting from California. The ambience encourages you to interact with your table mates and there is a TV, but it's off in the distance and is not a distraction.The missing star is only because it's a bit pricy and the portions aren't very large. They also never served me my rice that was supposed to come with my meal. Random advice: the restaurant is small and the hibachi tables are close together, which means it's HOT in there. Not so much so that I was uncomfortable, but it's definitely not your typical AC on full blast Vegas restaurant.I will be back.
2	Went for a Christmas Dinner with the whole family last night (12) and all had to squish into just one side of the teppan table.  This is a Chinese owned Japanese restaurant, did not know that before entering.  Wonder how you'd feel going to a Japanese owned Chinese restaurant or an Italian owned French restaurant, anyways.....  The service was okay, nothing to YELP about.  I think the prices are definitely high, ordered the combo meal, NY steak and Shrimp, got what seems like a 4oz. piece of steak and two shrimps for something like $24 that included a tiny salad with some veggies and a bowl of fried rice, totally not worth the price when there was hardly any flavoring in the food besides a little butter and soy sauce.  They first serve the fried rice and veggies, probably wanted you to fill up on rice and veggies before they serve the meat and seafood.  Asked why the steak was so small compared to others that did not order the combo but just steak alone. Was told the combo steak is smaller because it was a combo meal.  Do not get this since the combo meal is more expensive to compensate for more food but that was not the case.Our average per person including 3 kids was about $25 each for food excluding tips for the cook and wait staff.  Was still hungry when we left.   Though the service was okay and the chef was somewhat entertaining for kids, it was not at all worth the price they charge.
1	Everything tastes the same and is totally flavorless. We tried three different times and came out with the same thought. Will not be going back.
4	I love teppanyaki but it's not something my husband I do often since he's a picky eater. I had the NY Steak, which was cooked exactly as I asked: medium. Jeremy got chicken without all of the sides. After seeing his rather pathetic little pile of chicken compared with my steak, veggies, rice AND two shrimp, I hoped they wouldn't charge for the full chicken meal, since he also passed on the soup and salad. I was pleasantly surprised to see the bill where they only charged the chicken as an extra side. The waiter was also great at recommending a sake. It's something neither of us had ever tried and what we had was ok. He didn't automatically offer the most expensive selection, which I appreciated. I say the sake we actually had was only ok because I think it's an acquired taste. All of the food was delicious. Our chef was great with all the cheesy jokes and he seemed to really enjoy his work, which makes all the difference. Overall, can't wait to bring my parents here next time they visit. I think they'd enjoy it too. The sushi will be tried next time as well. All of it looked so good.
4	2nd time frequenting this establishment. Took the youngster for his bday. They treated us great, the food tasty, and the bill well...my kids ordered like we were the damn Kardashians. So anyways, this is a cute quaint spot to go on a date. I will be back.
4	The Good: - This the tastiest Teppanyaki that I've ever had.  They season their meats really well and the rice is my absolute favorite. - Prices are on-par with this type for restaurant.The Bad:- Soup and salad are blah (who goes for the soup and salad though??)- There's always a long wait - don't even bother making a "reservation" because you won't get seated until 20-30 minutes later anyway.
4	This place is great!! The guy cooking the food was hilarious! I had the filet mignon and lobster and it tasted great! I would love to come back here again!
5	Love this place! Have been here 4+ times and will continue to come back.   I always get the filet & scallops hibachi - So great. I love the seafood sauce on the shrimp and scallops - very tasty (I mix it with the rice too). The fried rice is tasty and fresh.My husband and I do not like the soup and instead we ask for 2 salads, which they always glady do for it. I love the salad, the dressing is great. Price wise I feel it is very reasonable for what you get, and considering you get your food cooked in front of you.  We just went and got:Me:  Scallops hibachi plus fried riceHim: Filet and shrimp plus fried rice2 diet cokes (no alc. bevs) and the total of check was $64.Also this place is way better than Bennihanna at the LVH. Benihanna was awful, the atmosphere is drab (everyone packed into a tight room with ugly green walls), and the food was not as tasty, I like Hokkaido's food better)- plus Hokkaido is cheaper.
5	This place is within walking distance of our home in summerlin.  Loved to drop in for a quick sushi roll with husband or a friend. Kids loved the chefs cooking in front of them of course.  We like the red rock roll, Mexican roll, spicy tuna , California crunch,dragon,007,tiger,screaming o.  Of course we always order more than we can eat lol.
5	Went to dinner 3/2013 with three of us, it was entertaining and very delicious it was so good I could eat there every day . We had the salad, soup, shrimp, chicken, scallopes, tempura and it was all cooked to perfection. Prices were perfect for the food received not too pricey. My 3 year old son loved the entertainment . The service for the wait staff lacked a bit but the chef made up for that ten fold
4	This place was very delicious. I ordered Filet Mignon with shrimp and my husband ordered chicken and shrimp. We enjoyed our meals and the chef was creative and social. I absolutely love this place and its reasonable to for the type of meals that are available. We enjoyed the food and show. I look forward to dining here again. Thank you to the staff especially Tom our waiter. He was so nice and served with outstanding customer service! I hope to see you all soon.
5	Don't miss this place or get turned off by the small strip mall vibe. It's great, really great.If you're into sushi, check out Sam and his rolls while sitting at the sushi bar.Take out quality has been good too....
4	I went here  last month and  review  now  restaurant was so fancy than i looked at out side  and  chef was  great and  funFood  was   Soooo  goood ton tastes
4	Nice atmosphere. Service is good and food was good. There is a lot of space and enough parking. The only thing was you are gambling on the type of chef you get; either entertaining or not entertaining.... we had a party of 7 and we got "not entertaining". Would still go again if I were in town.
5	We came to Hokkaido after we couldn't get a table at Ohjah.  It was refreshing to be seated right away because I was starving! It may sound shallow but that's one of the reasons why I like Summerlin there are like 3 hibachi places in close proximity.Our chef was fun ...he was more fun after we gave him a couple shots of sake..LOL The food was awesome! Everything was done like a typical habachi show. The difference that I liked was on the shrimp he put what resembled Mayo and Siracha . It was tasty! I also had some flavored sake but was willing to try this children's soda they have there. It looked intriguing on how you open it. I think you have to push a metal ball down the top in order to open it. I know you must think I'm easily intrigued...I am sometimes.We had the tempura ice cream to finish our meal. It was a wonderful ending to a fulfilling meal! The atmosphere isn't as rowdy as some hibachi places. It's a nice relaxing time where you don't have to yell to carry on a conversation.
5	I like supporting local businesses and this place is family run. Food is always good and the shrimp fantastic. it's not cheap but you get what you pay for.
2	The prices are very reasonable. But there's a reason for it. The sushi lacks, oh what is it, flavor?? I was caught off guard as when I came in I was welcomed with the awesome aroma of the teppanyaki.I'm a big sushi fan and was disappointed with the quality.  It might have been an off day and I'll have to go back and try but I ordered tuna, salmon and yellowtail.Nice venue.  Great location.  Hopefully the next time will be better.
5	Fantastic food. Try the sparkling blueberry sake. It's worth $16 for a bottle. I highly recommend coming here and getting the steak and chicken combo. And definitely get the fried rice. I come here often and will continue to.
5	Off the strip so it's not a pricy as the ones in the hotels. Very good food and show. You can get dressed up but it not that fancy.
5	We love it!!!  We have kids and they love this place and the chefs are amazing. Very kid friendly and the food is delicious. My kids pick for their birthday dinners every year for the past 2 years and even my wife picked it for hers this year. We will be long time customers - i hope it does not go anywhere.
4	We're been here a few times. Fairly consistent but I've noticed flavors do vary depending on which chef you get. Service is standard and food quality is good.
2	Went on Valentines day. Big mistake, place was so overbooked our waitress was ready to cry. Also, felt like a high school re-union, nothing but teenagers.Food was good but drink service was slow.
5	This was our first time eating here and we had an amazing experience! Our chef and waiter were very friendly and attentive. The food was amazing!! We got fried rice, chicken, New York steak, filet mignon, shrimp, and lobster. The filet mignon and shrimp were the best I've ever had... Definitely a must! I wish I had gotten our chef's name. All of the food was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Our 7 year old absolutely loved it and was begging to come back again. We will be back very soon!
5	Great Teppanyaki Place had this chef named Daniel San . Best Show I have ever seen on a teppanyaki table and awesome food too. He said he has show #1 - 4  and always thinks about new things to do.. I recommend you ask for him if you go here.
4	Fresh. Flavorful. Don't miss the sea bass! So good.
5	The chefs are really fun and friendly. There's lots of silly jokes and knife tricks to keep you entertained. You also get a free salad and soup with your meal. They are very accommodating to people with shellfish allergies because they made my chicken and rice first before everyone else's. We come here about 3 times a year since it opened. Highly recommend it!
1	Only go to this restaurant if:1. If you have alot of PATIENCE and don't mind waiting 15 minutes to order and another 20 minutes for a chef to start cooking.2. If you are on a DIET and want to spend a lot of money on a small portion of good tasting food.3. If you don't really mind if you get drink refills, and don't mind sitting for 10 minutes with your mouth on fire.4. If you want to pay for fried rice that you did not realize was an extra $3.80 because "it comes with eggs and some vegetables"5. If you don't mind paying 20% gratuity for a party over 8, but are told that it is only an automatic 18% for large parties.My husband spent 12 years in the restaurant business and always comes to the defense of a server because he is empathetic of the challenges of the position, AND this was the rare occasion that he asked to speak to management. He was very disappointed with his portion of the filet mignon and scallops. The filet was smaller than half of your palm and he received a measly 3 scallops. The worst thing was the amount of vegetables which normally are used to fill up the plate but could have been placed in the same sized small bowl that we received our $4 fried rice in. We were sharing the filet and scallops and added a rice thinking that was an additional portion, but a small bowl was the only portion we received....except for the spoonful of rice that was left over and placed on my husband's plate which was barely accompanied by a child sized portion of vegetables. I'm sorry but when you are paying $35 for a meal....you expect your plate to be at least half full. I told my husband to say something but since it was my birthday he didn't want to make a scene. He did however ask to speak to the waitress when we were charged for food we didn't order. We informed her of the error and she at first tried to argue with us, and then said she would just take it off and "take it out of her pay". She returned with a new bill but instead of taking off 3 extra fried rice, she took off 2. We again said that we only ordered one and she said again "she would just pay for it". While waiting for our 2 corrected bill, we discovered that we not only paid 20% instead of 18% gratuity, but when she made the adjustment to the bill the gratuity never changed. At this point we asked the bus boy to speak to management, and to our dismay who comes out....the waitress. We asked the waitress to speak to management and she said she WAS the manager! She asked what the problem was and my husband began to tell her about the portion sizes and not even receiving the jasmine rice that was supposed to come with our $35 meal and then how the gratuity was never adjusted at which point she cut him off and said she would give it back to us (because at this point he just went ahead and paid). She continued to cut him off and kept smiling at him in which he said it doesn't seem like you even care. Her response "I'm keeping a smile so I don't upset you" At this point we were so disgusted we left.The owner has very talented chefs who were very entertaining but needs to improve:-drink service-portion sizes-more servers-better managementI would highly recommend you NOT waste your hard earned money to leave irritated, frustrated and still hungry.
5	For starters, Soft shell crab, spicy tuna and Gyoza.  Fried rice,  New York steak, and Chicken all cooked on a hibachi grill by the talented Daniel son. Fresh food, great taste and you are able to share portions..overall good experience. I shall return...
4	Came here for dinner on our last night in Las Vegas with family and friends on 11/30/14.Place is small.  The sushi is great.  Would definitely come here again for the sushi.  Hibachi isn't bad.  Portions are a bit small than other hibachi places, which is fine.  They also upcharge for fried rice, while at other hibachi's comes with it.  They don't serve noodles with your meal which is also fine.  Service was good.  Wasn't crowded at all when we went.
3	Very tasty. A bit pricey but you are paying for the experience. There are a few spots better in LA n SD so i cannot compare the spot to any other vegas spot since i haven't been anywhere else there. We did have to wait a while for our chef guy to show up  he was friendly but not as enthusiastic as i would like. He was a kinder older man with Miyagi qualities.  I'd go again but wasn't super impressed. 3.5
