4	Love this out of the way CVS in a quiet little strip mall. Never a line of folks buying cigs/liquor.I had a great experience with returning a couple items here, though the employees took a while to complete the return. I received credit for the items returned on a CVS money card. I usually find some good deals here, especially clearance items around the holidays. It's a larger store and therefore usually well stocked.
1	What in the hell? I mean, really.My brother was given 3 prescriptions today that needed to be filled. One of them was a C2, so I'm sure the other ones were super duper was well.Anyways, I wait for a few minutes, because two staff members are on the phone, and the third is helping a customer at "pick up". No big deal.Of course, I can't just drop off 3 prescriptions and expect them to be filled.....no.There's one that they are "out" of. So, he asks me if I would like for him to call around and see which other CVS' have it. Sure, seeing as how my brother kind of needs these.....just kind of.Does he ask me which CVS I would prefer? No.He tells me which one he called AFTER he calls them....and it's the total opposite way that I am going....but, trying to keep calm, I say thanks, and ask him if he thinks that the other CVS will have the other two medications in stock.Oh, you mean the ones that you already put through your system to fill?WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT? WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY?Why would you fill 2/3 of my order?Why would I want to make multiple stops to drop off prescriptions, and then make multiple stops to pick them up? That's so evil!Anyways, he tries on giving me directions to the other CVS.....which were terrible. If you have multiple prescriptions, make sure you ask them to CHECK to see if they "have" it. Unless you want to be running around.
4	I have been using this store ever since they opened. In all that time, I have seen staff come and go, managers come and go. Although staff sometimes needed some help when it came to products, the managers have all been top drawer. I have never had a problem returning an item. They have always been extra helpful, if I needed a product researched or obtained, esp the current one, Michelle. The pharmacy staff have also been very helpful and attentive. This is a great little neighborhood pharmacy.
1	Ugghhh what a downhill slide!This used to be one of my favorite locations until a horrible experience with a shift supervisor. I was getting a curling iron, which are locked at this location. I requested the 1 inch Conair which is $9.99, and the shift supervisor went to get it. He brought the 5/8 inch instead. He went ballistic when I told him that's not it and was very pissy, insinuating that it was my fault he got the wrong one. When I said 1 inch Conair. Whatever!Most of the managers here have been very helpful in the past, that's why I come here. Now I will reconsider.
1	I gave one star because zero was not an option.  The employees are slow if available. The pharmacy suck big time: last month they gave my husband the generic prescription instead of the brand that he has been getting from that store forever. I asked if they can order the brand one, they said it will be in October 30. They called me to say it will take a few more days and I said it would not be a problem. Today I get the automated phone call saying the prescription is ready, I go there and she is giving me the generic. I explained to her the entire story from the beginning... She does not have the brand one, I ask her to order it. She said she can have it for tomorrow and she quotes me a price 10 times higher then what I have been paying. She says because you got the generic last time. I had to explain AGAIN that I got the generic because they gave it to me without telling me but if she look at the history we have been getting the same brand for years!!! After looking at a computer screen for 15 minutes she confirm the correct price and the prescription to be ready tomorrow.. Let's hope so! She was very nice and polite but just simply incompetent!!
