3	It should be noted, in any review I ever write of a pizza place, that on the whole I don't like pizza sauce. Something about oregano + tomato = gross, to me. So I base my judgment mostly on hoagies, white pizzas, and other available options.I've only ordered once from Pizza Bomonti: Via the phone, for delivery. I lived in Michigan for 3 years, with nary a seafood pizza in sight, and I had a craving, so that's what I got. Now, I'm used to incredibly garlicky sauce with maybe some extra slivered garlic on top, plenty of krab-with-a-k, a few shrimp, and a fair amount of oil. The pizza I got from Bomonti was dry and the crust fairly unremarkable; a little sweet, a little chewy, but nothing special -- and expensive.Of course a review based on one item is hardly comprehensive, and I'm sure I'll order again; they're right around the corner, after all. Perhaps I just picked the wrong item. Still, I wasn't really impressed and will likely try other pizza joints before I return to Bomonti.
5	We just ordered from this place for the first time. We ordered the 2 gyros and fries for lunch. Excellent!We decided to order their 2 whole hoagie special with coupon as a late night snack the same day. Everything was delicious. The delivery was very quick. The food was hot and fresh. The employees were very courteous both on the phone, and when delivering our food. I think we have found a new favorite pizza shop.
4	I like Bomonti's (you're welcome, yinzers) a lot better now that I've discovered they have decent chicken strips, pretty good fries -- no Mandy's, but pretty good -- and an awesome sampler platter. The fried zucchini is thin longwise strips rather than planks, as it should be. Mozzarella sticks are battered rather than coated in breadcrumbs (ick) with gross oregano. Reminds me of the good old days of Italian Oven.I should also add that I find their pepperoni pizza edible. I've decided I like their crust more than I originally thought I did, though it's nothing to write home about. The sauce isn't overwhelming even when you don't request light sauce. The pizza has a good amount of cheese; enough to make a thick layer but not so much that it's a puddle of grease. Lots of pepperoni, which keeps me happy.Sadly, their hoagies are pretty meh. The bread seems underbaked and therefore lacks flavor and texture and gets soggy very quickly. The philly steak is edible, but the meat isn't really browned so the flavor is underdeveloped. Lots of grilled onions kind of makes up for that, though. I had a taco hoagie once and didn't love it.Delivery is quick (even during the Steelers season opener).
3	I just moved into my apartment while on an extended stay here in Pittsburgh (now scheduled for 10 months).I ordered a pizza to be delivered - google maps states the location is 6 miles away which should not be a big deal but I am quickly learning Pitt freeways are more like "hot wheel" track.Unfortunately my delivery driver got lost and my food was much later.    The food order was correct but my drinks and some other items I requested did not make it.I recommend if you are going to eat at the location.About the food:    There pizza seems to be very similar to Papa Johns in every fashion.   Not much to say here - it was pretty good but not anything special.Price - The price was $12 for the pie.Service - My driver was young and lost - so I am not going to be too hard.    The order being wrong was an issue becuase there is not much you can do to fix it when you have it delivered.Overall - give it a try and come to your own conclusion but be wary if you order for delivery.Good Luck :-)
1	More like Pizza BoNOTi. Do NOT order from here...totally not worth it.This review is specifically for the Crafton location-although the other store did nothing to help and offered no help in getting in tough with the owners. I live in the Robinson area which is just a couple of miles away from this small pizza shop. We have ordered from there before and it's been decent-never really anything to write home about. Last night was a different story. Last night we place an order around 7:20 and were told the pizza would arrive in 30-40 minutes. When an hour passed, I started to call the shop. The phone rang. And rang. And rang. No answer. I tried this for about 15 minutes before calling the sister shop in Bellevue, since they are owned by the same people. They had no advice for me to help get in touch with them or the owners. No one seemed to care. As time passed, all we wanted to do was cancel the order and get food from somewhere else-but they wouldn't answer the phone! 8:30 passed. 8:45 passed.9:00 passed. FINALLY at 9:20 the pizza showed up...TWO HOURS after we ordered it. No apology. No discount. No explanation. Just a cold pizza and a warm bottle of pop. The fact that they made no effort to compensate us for the horrible service lets me know that this is acceptable behavior for them and probably something that happens more often than it should...and it should NEVER happen. Don't order from these guys...the food is hardly worth a 30 minute delivery time...let alone 2 hours.
4	I ate here for lunch with my girlfriend this past Saturday.  We decided to order two extra large cheese pizzas for pickup and were told that they would be ready in 15 minutes.  20 Minutes later we arrived at the store and our pizzas were ready.  I think that the whole transaction took maybe 2 minutes as the cashier was efficient.Whenever we got home and took out the pizza the first thing that I noticed was the large amount of cheese on the pizza.  It was more than you get at most places and had a decent enough taste to it.  I personally thought that it covered up the taste of the sauce but I would rather have more cheese than sauce any day.  My girlfriend told me that she enjoyed the crust and while I agree that it was pretty good, I think that it could have been even better if it was a bit crispier.  With all of that being said I still think that Pizza Bomanti makes a great pizza as cheese can go a long way in covering other things up.The bottom line for me is that I would deifnitely head back here for pizza again in the near future.  This is one of the better local pizza shops close to me and is the place to go to if you want a lot of cheese.
1	What an absolute horrific experience I had here.  Not only did they get my order wrong, but then insult my intelligence offering a $3 dollar coupon off on my next order.  I finally get them to offer me a free order the next go around which I accepted.  This is when it goes to an all new high.  After explaining once again to the manager who had no idea what I was talking about, instead of them making it right I was told to get the fuck out of there store.  I was threatened by the owner who called me a fat fuck and told me I didn't know who I was dealing with that he fucks bigger guys like me all the time.  He threatened me with bodily harm, He picked up a two by four and told me he was going to bash my head in with it.  All this over $20 dollars.  He then calls the police whom I anxiously await for, only to be told that I'll need to file a small claims suit in court.  I gave them the chance to credit my credit card or to make it right and this is how they chose to handle it.  I beg of anyone considering ordering from this place to reconsider and go elsewhere.  Nobody should have to go through this and I am starting my smear campaign to have this place shut down.  Donald M
5	I love this place, every time I order something it is always good.  Today ordered wedding soup and an antipasta salad.  The soup was excellent, the salad is so good and you get plenty of it. I would always recommend this place.  Their pizza is delicious.
