5	Known as "The Onion" by regulars, this is an awesome dive bar with some of the best burgers in the valley.  I used to live near it - and went FAR too often.  My friend told me he went there the other day - can you say Jealousy?   The bar rocks.  The service is out of this freaking world.  Go there 3 times in a month and they'll most likely remember what you ordered.  Alcoholic drinks are served stiff, and sodas are served LARGE so the designated driver doesn't have to keep asking for a refill.  (I hate that!)  Menu is limited - as bar food should be - but everything here is awesome.  There is no "kitchen" in the back - you can watch everything they are doing right to the side of the bar.  Where did those french fries come from?  Oh yea, they put a potato on that metal device, pulled a handle and presto - fry shapes.  As for the tomato and lettuce?  It's in a Tupperware container in the fridge.  Other than that it's burgers, chicken, fries and onion rings.  Even if there is just one person behind the bar, they will come out to see what they can get ya - drinks or otherwise.  And they'll bring it to your table.  Sure, there are big screen tv's, pool tables and a pretty decent juke box for a spot like this.  But the real attraction is watching the regulars come and go while you enjoy your awesome burger goodness.
1	9/12/08The Red Onion was know for its great butter , red onion burgers. Well I went friday for lunch with co workers and what a dissappointment. There is a new owner now and the burgers were just ordinary bar burgers. Dry and tasteless. Onion rings were ok but the burgers of the Ole red onion are long gone. To bad.
4	I sent out a yelp for a new place to eat and was told to check out R.O. I am glad I did. The place is located South of Greenway (both of them) and right before the AL's Rayco, on the West Side. It is a simple looking place with nothing extraordinary to draw you in. BUTOnce you get inside it is a very comfortable bar. The place holds a bunch of people, has several pool tables and a full bar to sit at. There is a little "outside type patio for you lung killers". Several video games, bar top machines etc. Since I was ther for lunch, I did not have the Captain and Coke but verified they do have it. ( happy face here)I had the cheeseburger, (fresh sirloin) with a toasted bun, lettuce, tomato, and pickle. IT WAS FAN-TASTIC. It might have something to do with the pat of butter melted on the top as she was cooking it. I also had the hand cut french frys. They were really good. The next trip will be for the Braut. The only bad thing I can say is, although worth it, the burger, frys and coke came to $11.75. I would have preferred a lunch special with it as a combo instead of the ala-carte. The place was clean, the owners are fun and do not mind a little chit chat while they cook and run around. They have the football package for the sports fans. They are a Packers Bar but don't let that stop you. Check it out if you haven't before.
5	When my wife dropped me off i was a bit scared of walking in,  the outside looks a bit shabby and its not in best of areas and it can be a bit hard to find. As soon i walked in i was instantly impressed!The place is comfortable and really nice. They have a couple T.V.'s, Pool Tables, Juke-Box, awesome sound system and an awesome staff. Like Daren mentioned, they have a little 7x11 outdoor patio for people that want to smoke and the drink prices are extremely reasonable.I unfortunately did not have the food there, not because it looked bad, but i had just had dinner before showing up. My best friend said that the burgers there were amazing. I would definitely recommend going there!
4	Another stop on my recent free chip tourney poker binge.This is exactly what you want in a neighborhood bar.  Grungy enough looks to keep the pretentious hip crowd away, and super friendly atmosphere inside.  A neighborhood that gives you an uneasy feeling, that goes away and drifts to downright comfortable once you're inside a short while.A server or two who look like they're in their late 30's to late 50's, who call you "Hun" repeatedly.A limited menu of bar classics, cooked up right in front of the bar.  No fancy vending machines, but a nifty "insert quarter/spin handle/ grab nuts or m&ms with palm of other hand" type of old school vendor.Haven't tried it, but I've heard tell of their great burgers for years.
4	Its kinda a biker/dive bar with karoake, pool tables, tvs, etc.  Long bar with the gril & fryers right behind the bar.  Everyone talks about Harveys Wine Burger, but tell you what.  I have been to both and the service was so bad at Harveys that I didnt order food whereas I have had the Red Onion's burger on several occassions and it is killer!  Limited menu, just what you would expect when you see the grill and fryer and the chick cooks it to order and I always tip her $1 for doing so.  Its pretty damn good!  The new owner and his wife are cool.  I dont know them but they have introduced themselves on 3/4 occassions I have been there I think.  Karoake can kinda kill it, but it can also be funny as this is the type of place where people get sh*tfaced - at least on the weekends.  You can walk across the street to The Loft and usually one or the other has live music on the weekends. Drinks are strong.  They have a crazy bartender I forget her name but she makes weird shots and is kinda a trip.  Your first impression is that the burgers are a little pricey, but you will take half of it home.  You have to try them at least once!  TIP: If you get the wings ask for EZ sauce, thats my only complaint is that they oversauced the wings when I had them.  No big deal.  You can park in the back if you are embarrassed to have your car seen there.  If you are worried about that you wont like it anyway so on 2nd thougth stay home you stuck up prick!  You will have fun there.  Worth bringing a couple friends to find out for yourself for sure....
2	Ok prices but a unfriendly enviorment.
5	What a great place! Awesome food, drinks, patrons, and owners! One of the friendliest bars in Phoenix. Everything I've ordered from their menu has been excellent!   The Red Onion Lounge is a Packer bar and my girlfriend is a Wisconsin girl, so we started going here for the Packers games this past season. Have some great memories here in 2011 with the highlight being a Super Bowl victory!This place is known for their Green Chili Bacon Cheeseburger.  Just got back from having one and I can see why.  Wow, that was a tasty burger.  Definitely one of the best burgers you'll find in Phoenix! Also great are their BLTs, Cheese Curds, Pulled Pork Sandwich, fries and the home made potato chips.  Looking forward to going back again to try more of the food.  The Red Onion also has three pool tables, dart boards, juke box, and karaoke Thursday through Sunday.  The owners, Mystic and RJ, are really friendly cool people.  Stop in, grab a drink, a green chili bacon burger, play some pool, sing a song, have a great time!
5	Awesome new owners for last 3 years and I didn't know it! We came here today cuz they were open on Easter Sunday. Mystic is a great lady and running an excellent joint. We split the ribeye sandwich and fresh cut fries... Simply to die for! We'll be back!
2	I hate being that guy that gives a place with great reviews a not so great review. I see this place has amazing reviews, my wife used to go here years ago on a regular basis and she's told me how amazing the burgers were and so I expected an amazing burger. Boy, was I disappointed.We started with the cheese curds. They were OK, but nothing spectacular. I ordered Green Chili Bacon Cheeseburger. I honestly think I've had a better burger at In-n-Out and maybe even McDonald's. When the waitress took our order she didn't ask either my wife or myself how we wanted it cooked and both of us forgot to mention it. I don't know if they usually don't ask, but I do sort of expect that when I order a burger. My thinking is if they don't ask, they only serve it one way, and if that is the way I received mine then I don't know how this place gets raves for their burgers. It was well done, completely overcooked, charred on the outside and not juicy at all. In my book, juicy is they key component of a great burger. The patty itself was fairly small and dwarfed by the bun. As my wife said, charge a buck more and add some ground beef. My wife's basic hamburger was the same way - charred, overcooked and dry. The bun was good, though. The fries were also very good but not good enough to make me go back just for the fries. The fries are a side show to the main event of the burger.As for the service, it started out OK and stayed there. I ordered a Blue Paddle beer. When the server delivered it she asked if I would like an orange to go with it. I said yes but it never showed up. Our water was refilled as needed, which was nice although expected. We did have to wait a while for our check because our server was out on the patio smoking (I know because I watched her). I understand everyone needs a break but IMHO she was out there too long.I wanted the experience, particularly the food, to be better and according to my wife it used to be fantastic. Either we had a really off night or it's just gone downhill since she's been there. Maybe we'll try it again but as my wife said "There are too many other choices and other places to try out there." I was going to rate this one star, but I'm giving it two simply because everyone else has such amazing things to say. Perhaps it really was just a bad day to stop in. Maybe someday when it's just me I'll swing by, hoping I have a better burger. It couldn't be any worse...
2	A small local dive bar with cheap drinks and karaoke.  You may find it entertaining to listen to the same people murder pop songs over and over but don't expect a giant menu or a huge selection of beers.
3	As we entered the bar, a patron of the Onion serenaded us with AC/DC's Big Balls.  It was then that I knew we were in for an good time.  We sat down a the bar and ordered a "big" beer.  Some places offer a tall (22 oz) beer, but these guys don't mess around; they have the biggest beers of them all (to the tune of Big Balls)!  As we entered the wee hours of the morning the karaoke got worse, the beer got better and fun didn't stop.  The beer selection was adequate and they offer full bar.  There were several pool tables and dart boards along with other standard bar games.  The karaoke was light-hearted and we got in on the action.  There was even a little bar fight (verbal) to round out the nights activities.  Good times.
1	I have only been in here 2 times and the first time wasn't great. Before I got remarried, I was dating this band member. He booked his band to play at this place and it was a disaster from the moment we started setting up the stage. The stage is too tiny and the lights suck. The owners were mean the entire time we were there at us. When the band took a 10 minute break, the owner told them, "You better keep playing". They weren't allowed a 10 minute break and someone put the jukebox on when there were done with their break! It was truly an awful bar at the time. I came back, by myself and single, again in 2003. The same attitudes were still there. I swore I never go there again and I haven't. This place is horrible, mean bartenders, the owners are assholes, and the atmosphere sucks.
1	I am an avid Packer fan, and was hoping this would be my go to place for the Sunday games!!! Unfortunately, they cannot handle the business, and refuse to spend some money to hire employees! I gave them 3 chances, and I will not return! On a Sunday when their place is packed, they have 2 waitress's, one has 2 weeks experience, the other never waitressed before! We ordered burgers at the end of the 1st Qtr...asked several times where our order was, and were told she would check on them....after the end of the 3rd Qtr, we gave up.... When we were ordering our beers, we had to order immediately after receiving so we could get another in a half hour!! I believe they should change to a Bears bar!!! Packers fans don't treat people that way!! We should have been like several others, and left after the first Qtr!!!!
4	I first went to the Red Onion in the mid 70's as an underage kid who didn't get carded.  Sublime.  Back then it was just a bar with a few snacks & pool tables.  Rowdy sometimes but a fun place.   Now it's a good place to go for lunch.  We have stopped in over the last 10 years or so but last week we were impressed.  The green chile cheese burgers with grilled onions were very tasty.  The size of the patty was smaller than it used to be but the fries and onion rings were great.  Service was very attentive and I really don't have any complaints.It also didn't have that funky bar smell when you walk in the door.  I can't speak to the bar/ nightlife experience that others have commented on because we just don't do that anymore.
4	Came here for a benifit for a friend of a friend.  Live band was playing and the beer was cheap and cold.  I will have to stop by earlier in the day to try out their lunch.
3	Not the best bar by any means, but is a true definition of dive bar. They do however have fun jello shots that are in pseudo hypodermics, and those were only 1.50, which boosted them up from a 2 to a 3.
2	If I was reviewing this 4 years ago, then it would be 5 stars, these days, 2 stars is being generous.  We used to go to this place once a week (Seriously)  Now, you couldn't drag us back.  The burgers (Which were amazing back then) have become thin, greasy slabs of charred crap on stale buns.  The beer is the same as every other dive bar, and the place looks like it was moved from a town in the midwest lost in the 1970's.  Don't waste your time, there is nothing left to see here.
1	I didn't eat there.  I wouldn't eat there.  I felt strange about being there in flip-flops.  This place is gross.  I'm not talking about it being a dive bar.  I like dive bars. You know how there is a difference between being in a parking lot and being in the dumpster?  Ya, like that.The clientele is scary here.  The bar is da-da-dirty.  The Karaoke was heinous and extremely loud.   You could not hear anything over Crack McCrackerson shouting out Whitesnake.  We fled outside to see if it was any better.  It was quieter and had all the ambiance of a holding cell. If you want to have your arse-kicked by a meth-head, or have a rambling convo with a deranged retiree this is your place!  Don't forget your closed-toe shoes and hobo-stab insurance.
5	Great little place. True dive bar but clean and great burgers.   Bacon, green chiles cheeseburger a must!  Melissa was wonderful!   Super cold mugs right out of a freezer!
1	Had wanted to check this place out for awhile since It is a Packer Bar and they were supposed to be known for their green chile cheeseburger  - Walked in and almost every table was reserved for the game so it was a good atmosphere if you are a Packer fan, and that is where the highlights endedIt took about 30 minutes to get a beer, when i initially asked about the order she stated she was getting to it, and then proceeded not to come back to the table for another hour,  we ended up going up to the bar to make future orders after that instead of waiting for the waitress (however that issue was solved after the 1st Quarter, perhaps they were short staffed) Ordered their famous Green Chile burger and fries and got raw fries and a burger burnt to a crisp, was pretty unedible however the green chile could hide the burnt taste to get a couple bites downBeers are cheap here - certainly eat before you come here, will not be making a return visit, pretty disappointing
3	Cool little place, they weren't kidding when they claim to be a green bay packers den. Came here for a Christmas party, the drinks were ok prices and the waitress was very friendly. The food however did not following through with what the online menu claimed. Wings were great, but the green chili cheese burger (which is claim to fame), had the dryness of the Sahara. Way too cooked. And the frys were soggy. So, not impressed.
3	Great trivia host. Good karaoke. Typical bar food.
4	So a friend said we needed to go try out the burgers. We get there and low and behold karaoke started early! We found a seat went up to the bar to find out how ordering food worked...a great lady came by and answered our questions, got our drink order, brought us out an appetizer and provided great service!! We even got a hug from her as we left!! Cannot remember her name but she even sang karaoke!! I loved the ambiance...its a you can belch outloud and no one will judge you type of place... Now they did get our appetizer order wrong, but quickly corrected it and all was fine!! The green chile burger w/bacon is worth its weight!! The thick bacon in it is apple smoked, you can pay a lil extra for grilled onions (I recommend it) and we also asked for jalapenos to be added...The cheese curds are good but if you like a lil heat...go for the RED PEPPER Cheese curds!! YUM!  And the burger...stop it! It was messy and huge with all the toppings and what not! I didn't eat my bread cuz all the insides were yummy enough....and the fries...they are like greasy spoon fries...oh they were wonderful! The man who ran the karaoke may be the owner...a great and really nice guy John... He was saying they have been buying karaoke discs for 13 years!! Their system is all digital, wireless mikes...there is no where in that joint you can't see a monitor and the sound system...shut the front door!! its pretty friggin top shelf! I am thinking if you want a great burger...this dive is a must see! If you want to sing karaoke...maybe dont go on a saturday (there was rotation of 20). John said they usually start at 9 or a bit after. Oh, did I mention there was a conga line?? How can you pass up a joint that has a conga line???
3	Not a bad experience. Wings were pretty good, and when the one almost-overwhelmed bartender could get to us she was pleasant enough. It's a friendly crowd in this staple of North Phoenix. Pool tables are the center of attention. It was a karaoke night in honor of a woman who had just turned 30. Many of the patrons were wearing shorts and suspenders ala-Urkel. There was one really awful version of "Whole New World" that sticks with me like the taste of burned peanut butter. But. . . that's karaoke. . . .
1	I used to be a regular here under the old ownership. they had amazing hamburgers and it was a great place for a Sunday meal. Ownership changed hands about 3 years ago and when we went in, the amazingly juicy burgers it was famous for were gone. They were horrible and nothing like they used to be. Even the perfect fried mushrooms had been replaced with a lesser and grainy brand. They got rid of all the old staff so I don't know if that's part of it or they didn't want the recipes or what. The new owner is a woman and her husband likes to walk around, swing by your table repeatedly and remind you he's the owner. (he's not, his wife is)  I'm not sure who the line works on but being that he looks like he's some kind of meth addict we didn't want to be bothered by him nor are we the type of women who are impressed by ' I'm the owner.' The place is filthy dirty now and I would never ever go back.
4	Great burgers done the right way.... slow and delicious.  Real fries. melissa cuts the potato to order and fries it before your eyes.
4	red onion has been around forever and it's a staple on Cave Creek Road. The burgers are always juicy and thick and yummy. They're on the rings are the bomb. Good beer selection and they are always cold
2	Definitely not my scene. Brought here by a few drunken friends. I'm in my mid 20's and my husband late 20's, this place is definitely for the 55+ crowd. Lot of HOGs in there, meaning of a lot of men. Few women, mostly 65+. I felt a little embarrassed just being inside this place. Had one drink, I did not order it myself however. It was incredibly sweet, left my lips very sticky.
4	I've really enjoyed this place the few times ive been here. Atmosphere is low key, the food is good, service nice and they have a respectable beer menu. The red onion burger is one of my favorites in the city
1	I was in Phoenix for business last month and stopped by.  The place smells terrible and the floors were sticky.  Food was average.  I would not recommend it.
2	So, disclaimer, I am a packer a fan and love dive bars. That being said, this place was heaven last season. This year, not so much.Let's start with when I called to reserve the table. First she couldn't find the book and wanted me to call back the day before the game. Not cool. I asked to leave a name and party number, and had to repeat myself 3 times before she got Hensel, party of 6. Not impressed. I call the day before the game to confirm the reservation and it's there, I was feeling better.Until we showed up. And our "table" was a pool table with a table cloth and 4 chairs. It took 20 minutes to find 2 more chairs. And a lot of attitude from the bartender in the process. Game starts and the sound quality was awful. If you wanted to actually hear what was going on you would have needed a radio.Food was surprisingly good and came out timely. Waitress was pretty solid at keeping our beers full.The end was the kicker. The 20 minute wait for the first check, which was horrendously wrong, and then the 30 minute wait for them to fix it. Now, I understand being busy but if your a packer bar shouldn't you plan to have more than 1 POS system during games? This happens every time we go but this wait was ridiculous.There's got to be better places in town.
5	Im from a small town just 20 minutes west of Green Bay WI and love that "type" of small town corner bar and grill with a great support for The Green Bay Packers :-) Great food and great staff! If you live in north phoenix and looking for a small Midwestern feel bar and grill this is your spot! I WILL go back again.And... Go Pack Go!
4	Quiet bar, except when the Packers game is on.  Best honest to goodness greasy tasty bacon cheese burger and fries I've found yet.
