5	Chipotle model, but food is consistently better for the same price. You choose a burrito, tacos, or some other main dish, then choose your meat and toppings. My wife and I had pastor; mine had habanero salsa and hers had salsa verde. Both were phenomenal. Nice attention to small details, too: the tortillas are warm and nicely browned, there are lots of fresh seasonings in the toppings, etc. Help was friendly. It's a great addition to the North Side. We'll be back.
3	Just to be clear, this would have been a 5-star rating if based only on the food and not the restaurant itself. I think it's important to make that differentiation because Habaneros food is excellent! I would highly recommend their tacos or burritos. That being said, I would encourage you to get your food TO GO! This place is disgusting inside. After Rocky Rococos closed, they made an attempt to "revitalize" the space by adding more color. Unfortunately the paint that was added to the walls was also added to the floor. In addition to the paint, the floors are filthy. Saw dust from construction (months ago). Dirt and Grime from where booths use to be. Holes in several walls and temporary electrical (extension chords) taped to the ceiling to run lights, etc. It is clear that management rushed opening this location. They brought their excellent food, but fell way short in providing a nice place to eat it. I've been here several times and there doesn't seem to be any interest in changing the ambiance any time soon.
4	I live very close to Warner Park in bad need of a burrito and couldn't be bothered to drive to Qdobas. A quick walk to the new Habanero restaurant later and I found a similar set up to Qdobas and Chipotles. The menu had a good number of choices but I ultimately chose a steak burrito. It was very satisfying and there were lots of toppings to put in, although the slightest bit watery. Will be back to try their other entrees.
4	I think Habanero's has another location off Stoughton. This location is the same setup as the other one. First, you decide if you want tacos, a burrito, a burrito bowl, or a salad. Then, you choose your meat. There's barbacoa, carnitas (slow-cooked pulled pork, not the fried pork), adobo steak, adobo chicken, al pastor, or veggie. Then, there are a bunch of things you can add, like pico de gallo, sour cream, 3 different salsas, beans, cheese, etc. I would recommend you get the 3 taco deal with the carnitas or the chile pork Mexico city style (cilantro, onions, and lime). It is a little piece of heaven and reminds me of home (Texas). It's all pretty cheap (about $6); does not come with sides like beans and rice. They also have horchata and Jarritos (Mexican soda).
4	Why would you go to Chipotle when you could come here? The barbacoa was tender and flavorful...think of good Pot roast. The spicy pastor was also flavorful and lean. The guys were super friendly and fast.  The restaurant had a basic decor with clean tables and a clean bathroom...which I've been told likely means that the kitchen is clean. No farm-to-table or bells and whistles but that's not why you would come here anyway. I'll be back even though I live on the other side of town!
5	Same as other habanero's.  Best damn quesadilla money can buy at a really affordable price.
4	So excited when they opened up!  I have not been there when it is super busy but it is a very easy going atmosphere.  The more authentic way to go when compared to Chipotle or Qdoba.  Huge servings for less than Chipotle and Qdoba as well.  I had a plain bean and cheese burrito for $4.00 or so.  I think full on burritos run close to $5.50.  Not the fanciest place (a little tongue in cheek ;) ) but is clean!  The food is super.  Legit flavors and one of the only places that uses cilantro as a topping, not just thrown in with a salsa.  I love cilantro!!  Awesome food for sit down or a quick eat and run.
2	This could have been 4 stars.  I wanted it to be 4 stars.  I came in with my family asuming this would be as good as the other location.  I was wrong.  When we walked in, we were not greeted by the staff at the counter.  they just stared at us.  We ordered 7 tacos, a torta, a side of beans and 3 drinks. The Torta was more bread than anything else.  the amount of meat and toppings they give is ridiculous. The tacos werent bad but they could have used more flavor in the meat.  Someone behind us came in with a punch card and when my husband asked about getting one, the guy just ignored him. When he asked again, the employee said they were out of cards and to ask next time.  We asked for limes and we were told they do not have limes.  What the heck?  What kind of mexican restaurant doesn't have limes?  Not to mention, the place is filthy.  We left hungry and disappointed.  We wont be back.
2	I really don't know how to review Habanero's.  In my opinion, it was just kinda blah and stale. I guess I thought my burrito was ok. They slapped my burrito together from ingredients that were being kept lukewarm on a buffet table. No salsa and chips, or condiments at the table. I was also disappointed that they did not offer half orders. I also thought that Habanero's was kind of pricey for what you received. For the same cost, you could eat at a nicer Mexican restaurant with complimentary chips and salsa, fresh food, and a much more inviting atmosphere.
