4	Southbeach lobster burgers have minimal lobster and lots of fakepollock and filler.  Stay awayGoing out to find better food and great art
4	The Three Rivers Arts Festival is Pittsburgh's largest summertime festival and...What, you say you smell another Susan D. concert review?  Your olfactory senses are quite correct my Yelp music friends!  If you're like me you basically know the Tom Tom Club on the strength of their biggest (only) hit single, "Genius of Love".  You're also aware that the two main members of this group, Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth are husband and wife and they were key members of Talking Heads.  In my case, my initial exposure to Tom Tom Club and Talking Heads came from the movie "Stop Making Sense".  (Tom Tom Club would take the stage in order to allow David Byrne to do a costume change).  I remember watching it with my brother and my dad and in fact Tina Weymouth was my inspiration.  I looked at her play that bass and I thought "Hey, I could do that!"  I've still got that beat-up, dog-eared ol' VHS copy and yes it still plays well.They waited until the middle of their set to play "Genius of Love", instead jamming on some of their more obscure material.  No matter, the audience appeared to be enjoying it.  I know Lisa and I were.  Of course when they did play "Genius" (which they dedicated to Andy Warhol), EVERYBODY got up and danced, inlcuding me and Lisa.  Oh and they gave us a few funky cover tunes too including "You Sexy Thing" (gotta dance to that one too), the Al Green version of "Take Me to the River", and "Psycho Killer"!Tom Tom Club always has been a funk/groove band and that they honed their chops well in Talking Heads really served them well.  I've got to admit that Tina Weymouth still looks great at age 60(?) and Chris Frantz always looked like a friendly Irish cop.  But it's so refreshing to see a band like this that at least acts like they want to be here instead of those who are still slogging along (ahem, Beach Boys--what's left of them) or those doing it strictly for the money even though they despise one another (double ahem, The Police).
5	This is, without a shadow of doubt, my favorite festival in Pittsburgh!  Where else can you be entertained, check out unique art and stuff your face with oh so bad but oh so good fair food?!  At the Three Rivers Arts Festival my friend!  Nothing kicks off the start of summer in Pittsburgh quite like a trip down.It's been so interesting watching the fest evolve with the times as well  as the change in venue.  For ages the fest was completely down at Point State Park.  The park then was closed in 2006 for remodeling.  Those were some sad times in terms of placement.  I remember the one year they had the stage right in the middle of the intersection of Liberty and Stanwix.  It had rained (which some say is an Arts Fest curse) and the whole thing was a mud pit.  Throw in that it was a tiny space with a lot of people jammed in and you've got some issues.  I didn't mind them switching the booths to Gateway Center, although it can definitely get more crowded than when it was completely in the park.  When the park finally reopened in 2008 they kept most of the art booths in Gateway Center and the concessions at the park along with the stage  The one change was that they were all located at the beginning of the park.  I'm not really a fan of where the stage is placed.  I miss it being on the inside of the park instead of being on the outside edge.  From what I understand, and this could be a total rumor, they didn't want too many people walking and trampling the grass inside.  That's lame if that is the truth....it's a park!And although sadly I can't afford a lot of the various pieces of art on display, it is really interesting to see what people come up with.  I'm a total Pittsburgh nerd in the fact that I love seeing all the Pittsburgh themed artwork.  It's a fun way to see an artists interpretation of the city.  I also love watching the different themes that come in over the years.  This year it seemed as if glass Mosaic artwork was popular.My all time favorite booth is the Illustrations done by Greg Stones.  He's been here for the past couple years and I'm proud to say it was my first piece of artwork I bought from the fest!  Yay!  He does goofy little illustrations with penguins, sheep and zombies just to name a few.  You MUST check out his site.http://mysite.verizon.net/bgstones/index.htmThe music varies from year to year but they've brought in some great artists.  Some even before they broke out into the "big time," like Norah Jones and The Black Keys.  I've also enjoyed seeing Aimee Mann and an incredible 3 hour set by Wilco.  Of course, who can go here without indulging in a kielbasa and kraut dog or a fried Oreo?  Glutenous or culinary creation?  You be the judge!  Either way, I always leave happy, stuffed and just a little bit more cultured!
4	Once a year during the lovely month of June, dahntahn (that's downtown for you non Yinzers) Pittsburgh is transformed for 10 days by this, our largest festival. Three Rivers Arts Festival was founded in 1960 by the Women's Committee of the Carnegie (that's Car-NEG-ee for you non Yinzers) Museum of Art, and started as a small outdoor venue for local artists. This year there were 280 booths in the juried artists market, with everything from metalwork jewlery to paintings to sculpture being offered for sale. I'm impressed anew each year as I stroll through the market at both the quality and scope of the art that's displayed here. The festival brings in both local artists and those who travel the country with their wares. It's also a showcase for performing artists, with the Dollar Bank stage featuring quite a few great acts this year, including Buckwheat Zydeco, who played last night to an appreciative audience. I think he forgot he wasn't in New Orleans at one point, as he tried to rouse us with a "Who Dat?" call and response. I think Doug and I may have been the only ones to get into it. I could have told him, "Yinz are in Stiller country". (that's "you're in Steeler country" for you non Yinzers). There's dance and theater, with performances scheduled every day during the fest, and lots of activities for the kiddies. The food is your typical festival fare for this neck of the woods...sausages on rolls, chicken on a stick, pierogies and stuffed cabbage, dogs and burgers, smoothies and lemonade. I understand there was a lobster burger available this year, but I was busy eating too much kettle corn to try it. We put off our visit to the fest this year until the last day, as we wanted to hear Buckwheat Zydeco play. Next year I'll try a week day, as the narrow walkways were clogged with people yesterday. That's my only gripe; it's congested. However, that also means it's thriving, so let's focus on the blessing of that. The festival is free, including all musical acts and performances. We paid $10 to park at the Gateway Center. Bring grandma, bring the kids, and have some fun.
4	I go every year. I have for a long time. The older I get the more I like it because I can actually afford to buy something other than food now. I like to go there for lunch. I especially like the gyros and lemonade. Id really love to try the chocolate dipped cheesecake on a stick.  Guess I should have done that when I was younger and could afford the calories.If you can't afford the art you can usually find some good bands to listen to for free. In addition to food I've bought pottery, clothes, and jewelry there. What's not to love about a festival with yummy food and jewelry!
5	Three Rivers Arts Festival is the best thing about June in Pittsburgh. There is no other art event in town that draws in people the way the arts festival does and while this may lead to the pathways being crowded in the main artists market area and occasionally long lines for food, it's a small price to pay. I've been attending since I was a kid and do not plan on missing it ever as long as I'm in Pittsburgh... usually I go at least twice a year! The lineup of artists changes a few times during the festival so it's a good idea to make it out towards the beginning and end to catch as much art as possible... not to mention there are performances (music mostly) held everyday!The festival is pretty large, but well-organized. If you'd like to plan your visit beforehand, the site is pretty useful: http://www.3riversartsfest.org/ If planning isn't your thing, you could just show up. Stop at the information booth so you can pick up a festival booklet to read up on who's at the festival and what's going on that day or don't bother and make your way through the artists market (don't forget about the festival food and more art booths across from the Wyndham Grand (or what used to be The Hilton). There are also schedules posted by the stages so you can see who's performing and when the next performance is.If possible, bring cash! (Or stop at one of the ATMs nearby.) The food vendors only accept cash and that's the case for some of the art vendors as well.Last things:- T-shirts from previous years' art festivals sold at the information booth are only $5! (The shirts from the current festival will be regular price.)- Bring a few napkins/paper towels and hand sanitizer if you plan on eating the festival food in case the food vendor ran out.- Funnel cake, fried Oreos, kettle corn, chicken-on-a-stick, hotdog with "fixin's", lobster burger (husband's favorite).
5	One of the best things about summer in Pittsburgh! Always enjoy seeing Gateway to the Arts teaching artist performances there. Great food, art and people watching. Kids activity areas are wonderful too!
4	Remarkable festival, I attend every year.  Marvelous outdoor performances, most of them are free.  Lots of variety in what they offer.  I'm not crazy about the juried art show, but it's fun to look and see what's there.  Lots of choices for eats at the food vendor area.
4	Very enjoyable time for all at the arts fest!  Unique pictures, paintings, crafts, pottery, and people!  Last night I joined some other yelpsters to see Edward Sharp perform at the festival FOC!  The crowd was fun lots of happy people dancing and although I was far off from the stage I could hear the blue grassy style music loud and clear.  I was also enjoying watching the crowd.  I made my way down to the point and the water fountain is on!!!  Pretty!  Finally!  The yelpsters and I stopped in at the Dozens food truck and I went for a blondie which was good!  Slightly oily but still tasted good.  Huge in portion!  We also stopped by for a $6 beer from Penn Ave (stand set up near food trucks).  Good times.
4	It's pretty hard to not enjoy the annual art's festival in Pittsburgh on one level or another. You're definitely going to find something to enjoy here, be it the various food booths, carts and trucks, or the diverse array of art vendors, or the art walks and music performances. The arts festival is always downtown, which is a great location - if you work downtown, you have somewhere to go during your lunch break, and even if you don't, you're almost certainly going to be able to catch a bus that will take you in the right direction from your neighborhood. And boy, do people take advantage of their lunch breaks/days off/access to public transportation or parking garages. I swear this event is always packed from end to end, rain or shine - so remember when attending that this a popular event in Pittsburgh. Always be ready for a crowd, and on a nice day be ready to also watch your step and avoid the little children that inevitability bolt across your path.What holds me back from giving this popular annual event 5 stars? Well, the food remains horrendously overpriced - especially for what you're getting and especially when considering how many good food joints have sprung up downtown over the last few years - but also, if you come year after year after year, things really begin to blur together and look the same. Don't get me wrong, I love coming and exploring a free festival downtown and hearing some free music! But at the same time, after years of attending, the food is just so "meh" and I almost never find anything I'd love to/can afford to buy. It's always nice to see the different artists and their works, and I'm really not saying going to the festival will be a bad time - I am saying as a repeat attendee that nothing stands out and makes the event worthy of 5 stars. Heck, a friend and I spent our day here primarily walking around the Point Park fountain - on for the first time in years - before walking across the river to explore the statues and submarine. We just needed a break from the huge crowd and had nothing else to look at while waiting for the concert we wanted to hear.But really, my nitpicks are just that; if you live in town and haven't been here yet, why the heck not? It's free to attend and listen to music (even if the food and artwork is anything but), so grab a blanket to sit on and head on down!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said about this event already?Hmm, how about it's awesome.  Sadly as I write this, we are down to the last couple days of the festival.  I encourage all of you to make your way down there and take in everything there is to offer.Live music, amazing food, and tons of art.  So much it'll take hours for you to take it all in.  The only bad thing (but not start drop worthy) is the crowd.  The crowd can either push you along, which makes you miss something, or they hold you up, which can make you discover something.One huge improvement that I've noticed this year is that a majority of the artists now have the ability to take your credit/check card while you are there.  God bless technology.  This makes is so much easier instead of having to stand in line at one of the ATMs, that is if they are in operation (no fault to the festival).  And the food, nothing better than taking in the scents of the food.  Vendors in tents and then there are the food trucks.  The lines for food are the indicators that it is all delicious.  If all else fails, just sit on the lawn in Point State Park and take in the music.  Get some sun, hear some tunes, and enjoy the day.
4	I was lucky enough to be in Pittsburgh the same weekend as this annual arts festival that not only celebrates new and developing local artists but celebrates theatre, dancers, and musicians as well. The festival was founded way back in 1960 and has since featured such musicians as Norah Jones, Wilco, the Black Keys, Sonic Youth, etc. This year there were a few headliners that would have been fun to see but I missed most of the big names and mostly heard snippets of some latin music.The art is quite original and beautiful and stretches to hundreds of booths littered around the park and the grounds of the Wyndham Hotel where I happened to be staying. Most of the artwork is a bit pricey. Noted, I was informed from my sister and her friends that used to attend the Art Institute of Pittsburgh that most people in booths want to gain notoriety and not necessarily sell all of their works, which is why they mark them so high. But it was wonderful to observe it all and I really really REALLY wanted to walk home with towels that said: "E is for Empanada", "M is for Matzo ball", "B is for Bagel", "R is for Rugelach", "P is for Pierogi", and "T is for Taco". I don't think I'm forgetting any because I seriously wanted one of everything but they were $14 each. There also were plenty of booths for food. A little bit pricey but most street food is up there. I split pierogi with my sister and I was kind of disappointed. It was home-made tasting but I've never ate pierogi saturated in a puddle of melted butter. Detroit, little known fact, is also home of the pierogi and paczki. It's one of the largest Polish and Eastern European communities in the nation and we eat our freaking pierogi with sour cream. I also tried a shrimp quesadilla and for $10 it was alright. . . . the popped kettle corn that one dude in our group managed to get for free was amazing. This entire thing is kind of fun and neat though and I love that it supports emerging artists. It's not really about the $$ after all.
2	I understand everyone's excitement about the art festival, but I think yes, while the  stuff was unique, it just seemed like a giant craft fair. I like the atmosphere of festivals but this was not what I was looking for. It was a bit of a letdown, after my friend and I quickly rushed through the festival we went to the arcade and spent most of our money there. I think the festival would have been more fun if I were 10 years younger.  It's hard to find parking when the festival is in town so I'd recommend biking if you can. You could even park farther away and walk it. There were a lot of talented people there but nothing that blew me away.
4	I think the Arts Fest has been improving in the last couple years. I like that they're constantly striving to make improvements and keep up with the times. There are two reasons I specifically wanted to update my review.  One reason is that I felt they're trying to make an effort to include local artists who are affordable. I was happy to see Strawberryluna there (if you don't know who you are, google them quickly!), who are at a lot of the I Made It Markets around town. But I also bought something from another artist from Ohio that also had fairly priced prints. I was super excited that I made not one, but two purchases this year!Second, I loved the beer garden along the Wyndham Hotel. Brilliant idea! Even better... throw Penn Brewery into the mix! I loved being able to stop in before a free concert and enjoy a little adult bevvie that wasn't that sugary sweet lemonade. My only hope is that they continue and expand this!I will also note that I really enjoyed that they brought some current acts like Edward Sharpe and Airborne Toxic in. I believe the past two years no one of interest to me had come. This is purely selfish though, because I know they have to include a wide variety of acts to please everyone. But I thoroughly enjoyed the modern rock/indie bands!Plus, who can forget the epic moment when the fountain turned on for the first time in years!?Keep evolving Arts Fest and maybe we can get you back to a full 3 weeks again!
5	Beautiful day for a wonderful festival. Lots of wonderful vendors that include photographers, stained glass, wooden flowers, metal, jewelry, etc.  There are booths everywhere! Food and craft!  If you are in Pittsburgh when the festival is in town, go. It is awesome!
4	Overall, this is an enjoyable festival where there is something for everyone.While this is branded as an Arts Festival, it could also be called a music festival.  There are hundreds of artists selling their wares, but there are also four stages packed with entertainment.  The music choices range from blue grass to hip hop, folk to rock and roll and it is almost non stop between the different stages.  A lot of the artwork is out of most people's budgets, but there is a nice mix of art that you can purchase for under $50 as well.  The range of items for sale is typical of most art festivals - paintings, photography, pottery and jewelry.  One of the more unique (and affordable) vendors was the chinese paper cutter.  For $1 per letter, he cut your name and your name in Chinese out of paper and included a mat!  It was an affordable and very unique gift.  There is also a great variety of food.  Everything from traditional cotton candy and corn dogs to lobster burgers.  I sampled the lobster burger and it was very tasty.  Like any festival, though, the food can be pricey.  One of the nice features of the festival is that there are several free water stations around.  the day I was there it was sunny and in the 80s, so this was a life saver.Overall, a very enjoyable event.  If you are easily swayed or tempted by beautiful artwork or tasty eats, it might be a good idea to leave the wallet at home so all you can do is browse.
3	I was excited to be in town during a week where something was going on.  Overall, this was a good way to spend the afternoon.   Here were my observations: The good:  - A good selection for a variety of budgets.  Everything from jewelry to sculpture to art/photography.   - Live music on a giant stage.   - Plenty of food vendors with different options The bad: - I had a really hard time parking on a weekday.  Every garage I went by was full.   - The booths were set up in a way that didn't allow for a whole lot of walking room.  The aisles were super narrow and it was hard to get around people who were stopping to look.    Not a stroller friendly place, but that didn't stop people from clogging the place with them.
5	Yesterday before the Lucinda Williams show, it was mentioned that in some music magazine, (I couldn't hear which), the Three Rivers Arts Festival was named the best festival to go to to see small music shows. So that's something else Pittsburgh can brag about. I have only been going the past 2 years, and the things that stand out to me are the art stalls, the food, and the live bands and street performers. They have other things, like theater performances and hands on activities, but I never seem to be around when those things are going on.Seemed to me that there was a lot more jewelry and photography, and a lot less painting than there was last year, and that was a little sad. I was hoping to see some real skill. Not that photography isn't a skill, but the amount of effort that goes into a single painting in comparison to a photograph is a big difference. I want to see someone's soul on that canvas, not a giclee rendering of a photograph. There were a few standout stalls though. The food is excellent, and is spread all throughout the festival. Health nuts will be pleased by how diversified and healthy most of the fare is, but all I wanted was some dang nachos, and this year, they were nowhere to be seen! How can you have an outdoor event and not have even one nacho vendor?? I'm still convinced that they must have been there somewhere, but I just missed them somehow. I will continue to go back every year. The experience has always been a pleasant one, and I've always gone home feeling cultured, inspired, and well-fed. Hurrah for the Arts!
