1	Terrible place to get a bid on carpet. I had a 10am appointment Sara calls at 10:30 and said she was tied up on last bid. Which was fine she wanted a 11am which I was unable I actually had another bid at 11am. She then says she'll check her schedule and call me back.      12pm she calls and asks me when I'm available for the day. I say anytime after 12:30pm because I'm getting lunch and then she says how about tomorrow morning then. So obviously she wanted to come right at that moment! I told Sara we had a appointment for today not tomorrow and I will not be needed her services.     Whenever a flakey company starts balking on the first day never go with them because its not going to get any easier after signing a work order !
5	Had carpet and tile installed by Uptight.  Service was delivered as promised which was very important because we were working with a deadline. Excellent prices, huge selection, quality products and fantastic job on the install.  Matt had some great suggestions on product for our needs.   I would highly recommend them for your next project!
2	Me and my wife were shopping for tile and carpet for a full bath remodel and new carpet in a few rooms. First impression:  I was very impressed with their showroom and supply of samples.  The salesman was very helpful to find the right tiles/colors.  Me and my wife were very happy with the salesman.  We pretty much came to the conclusion that we were going to go with them.  BUT!!  __________________________:(After several phone calls and trips into the store, it looks like they don't want to sell anything.  I was completely sold with this company, and all I was waiting for was a quote.  THEY WOULD NOT GIVE ME A QUOTE.?.?  I politely asked several times for a quote (in person and over the phone), and even provided all my measurements.  How odd is that?  Usually companies are eager to take your money, but not this place.  At this point, even if they call us with my quote, three weeks later, we will not go with them.  If they cant even call us back in regards to a quote, imagine if there was a problem with the work.  We like to support small businesses in our neighborhood, but when they don't produce, we are forced to go to the big box stores.  What a shame.  We will need to find another tile place.  Hopefully they will have the same tiles/carpet.
5	Uptight just finished our tile demo and laminate install. I could not be happier!  All work crews were on time, worked full days and were polite and informative if I had questions. In the showroom, Matt and Sara were very helpful and friendly. Matt was honest about how messy tile demo was so we were prepared for the mess, but we were pleasantly surprised at how great the crew cleaned up after tearing out 1100sq. feet of tile. Our job was finished ahead of schedule, another nice bonus.  I will not hesitate to contact them for all our future flooring needs.
5	Started at a box store thinking they would be cheaper due to just volume and as you might have guessed.......ended up at Uptight Carpet. Best customer service, family owned, and professional in every manner. I could not have asked for better service. Found the exact same carpet Lowe's had-- Matt was great to deal with. Customer service is still alive and well.
