5	Probably my fav store for Sanrio/Hello Kitty stuff in Vegas. Most official Sanrio stores only carry the current lines, but this one always has a huge variety of styles. Guessing its because they don't have a clearance section to get rid of current stuff, and for once that's a good thing. You get a lot more to choose from and they do also get the current lines too.Sanrio is just one section of the store - its mostly Chinese language books, magazines and DVDs. Pretty big variety of those too
5	Hidden gem!! (hopefully it won't close anytime soon, seeing how this place don't get a lot of customers) I'm not a big fan of Hello Kitty, but my sister does, and if you're like her then you'll definitely want to stop by. I discovered this place last year by accident--we were meant to go to the boba place nearby. I've been to enough Sanrio stores with my sister to know that this place carries HK merchandise that long ago are not carried in Sanrio stores anymore. If you're into old HK goodies and cute stationery in general then this is a place for you. Especially if you're from California, where these stuff usually are a lot more expensive. I mean I got a cute journal for like $5, which is impossible to find here in SoCal. It took me a lot of self control not to buy everything lol (yes they're cute but let's be real.. We don't really need some of them haha) but yeahh do stop by and take a look around!PS: Last time I paid with cash.. Not sure if they accept cards.
5	I could spend hours in this store browsing through all the aisles of cute items. Sanrio, Disney, anything you can imagine. Old and new items alike. I found lots of cute items I wanted to buy. The store is located inside the Chinatown Plaza.
5	If you like cute Asian doodads, this is the store for you. There were tons of stuffed animals, journals, clocks, figurines, cell phone cases, etc. in this store. It's amazing. I bought this Totoro thermos for $20.If I didn't already have tons of journals, I would have probably picked some here. There were so many of all different shapes and sizes and at reasonable prices too.They had a lot of Sanrio, Totoro, Despicable Me, and Sailor Moon items here, to give you an idea.
