4	Food was great and an excellent option for the southside dining scene and really Pittsburgh's dining scene in general.
4	I work nearby, and I keep seeing my coworkers with the distinctive red muscle maker containers at lunchtime. I finally tried it out today. It's a small shop run by friendly, personable people.  They have a varied selection of healthy menu options, with nutrition info and calorie counts clearly labeled on their big menu displays and printed flyers, so you can comparison-shop without having to do any research before you go.  Most of the items on the menu seem to fall between 400 and 800 calories. The black-and-red decor -- including walls painted solid matte-black with red accents -- has a slightly haunted-house/porn-theater/NASCAR  feel to it; I don't mind that at all, but I can see how it might feel off-putting or claustrophobic to some. Fight through it!I had a Yee-ha wrap -- grilled chicken, turkey bacon, southwest potatoes, yummy spicy sauce. It was very good (actually much tastier than I expected it to be), and very filling -- I was full after finishing half the wrap and saved the rest for dinner.  I got a cucumber salad on the side. It was refreshing and a nice complement to the spicy wrap, but the vegetables were a little rubbery, making me think maybe it had been made yesterday.  According to the menu, my wrap had about 680 calories. I thought it was at least as tasty as the Qdoba Queso burrito I can get down the street, which is literally nearly a thousand calories with the default options (no wonder they don't disclose their calorie information right there on the menu -- they'd go out of business).  The food at Muscle Maker grill is tasty, and I really appreciate that their business model is built around transparency about the nutrition you're getting when you eat there. I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu.
4	I have been meaning to review muscle maker, especially after seeing all the unnecessary negativity towards it. A few weeks ago I had someone bring me takeout from here. I had the "Godfather" which is grilled chicken breast, portobello mushroom, red roasted peppers, reduced fat mozzarella, gluten free fat free balsamic and broccoli. I thought the dish was awesome. The chicken was cooked right and everything tasted great. I am giving it 4 stars because I did not physically eat there so I cannot speak on that. What I can tell you is the food was great and prepared in a way I would have prepared it at home, the healthy way! The people involved in this restaurant live healthy lifestyles and it clearly shows, why would they lie about the way the food was prepared? I would love to go back and physically eat in the restaurant. I will be sure to update my review when I do.
3	Good location; healthy tasty food.  Two doors down From a GNC is a great location for a bodybuilder-inspired eatery. My turkey chili tasted great over brown rice; however, the portion size was extremely small and I left hungry (not something a bodybuilder wants l)
1	Absolutely terrible. We will not be returning here and will tell everyone we know to stay away. If I could give it less than one star, I would. Both my boyfriend and I ordered veggie wraps. Why it took so long I will never know but it took like twenty minutes. What we  got was a sprinkle of chopped tomato, mushroom, and green pepper with a little shredded cheddar wrapped in a nearly empty tortilla which was not garlic herb it was plain and there was nothing spicy about the wrap which is how I ordered it. I had barely boiled broccoli on the side and my boyfriends rice was dry and nasty. Definitely not worth eight bucks each and certainly nothing like the wraps they had pictures of on the wall or described on the menu. I could have made this at home for less than a dollar in under two minutes. The cook I can only hope was new because he asked us twice what we were having even though he had the order receipts right in front of him that he still had to check several times to remember what he was supposed to be doing. He told us he would get to ours as soon as he finished cooking chicken that he didn't even need. I just don't know how anyone could be so incompetent. Plus he was taking his good old time bs-ing with this other guy who didn't look like he belonged in a kitchen -- maybe on the receiving end of a soup kitchen. Not focused at all.
1	I work relatively close to MMG, so I've given it a few chances. No more.MMG is WAY too expensive for what you get, and what you get is inconsistency,  salt, a weird wetness and mush.Turkey meatballs: salt.Cucumber salad: salt and mushPasta with marinara: salt, mush, and wetness."Premium" burger: see picture. Seriously.  It's awful.Rocky Balboa wrap: wet, mush and salt. Rice and beans: wet, salt, mush.Pizza: salt. SALT SALT SALT SALTY SALT.Order any of these a second time and you will get a completely different item from what you got the first time. Which might be a good thing.When dining in at MMG, you will have the pleasure of listening to the cook sigh and huff his way thru screwing up your salty wet pile of mush while waiting at least 20 minutes. DO NOT LET HIM KNOW YOUR ORDER IS WRONG. It will take an additional 20 minutes to fix AND you get stink eye the whole time you have to wait. It's not worth it anyway, as you get a salty, wet, mushy pile of slop regardless. It's like paying for dinner and a show. But with lots of salt. And mush. And wet.
4	I'm not sure where all the bad reviews are coming from. This place was great. Lots of gluten free options. You can see them cook the food. I got the Arizona and not only was it great but they presented it with great display. The food was done fairly quickly and the cooks were all friendly. It's a great place and I'll definitely be back for more.
1	Wayyy too expensive for what you get.  I was so excited to find what looked like a healthy restaurant in the southside but it is just completely unreasonable as far as price.  The quality of food is mediocre at best as well.  Very disappointing.
4	Despite the poor reviews, I really love MMG. I work for American Eagle's Corporate office and so this is one of the places in walking distance to my office. It's a couple more bucks than Subway but the chicken is grilled right in front of you and that to me is worth it. It just seems healthier. Granted, I only get the European wrap (grilled chicken/red peppers/spinach/and parmesan) but I am always satisfied. I also get the cucumber salad on the side that has chopped onions and dressing over it. I know exactly what people are talking about with that weird wet/sogginess. Sometimes the juice from my chicken settles at the bottom of the container but I just make sure to throw some napkins down. The portion size is pretty small but for me, it's perfect.  There's not much to the place - It seems like it just opened but apparently they've been there for a while. There's a lot of empty space. No tables just a bar against the wall running the length of the grill.I have definitely recommended this place to people - It's good to throw in the mix. I wouldn't get it for dinner but it's perfect for a lunch or a post gym meal if you're willing to pay $10 for a hardy snack.
2	I am always looking for a new place for some tasty and healthy eats.  I work out at the Southside LA Fitness and I decided to pick up lunch before meeting some friends nearby.  Upon entrance - I wasn't sure if this place was open or not - no one there and no one at the counter.  The workers were in there but just hanging and watching TV.  It doesn't seem like they get a lot of business.  After I ordered I took a moment to take in the surroundings,  My overall impression was that the place was pretty dirty - which was surprising since no one was in there.  I was glad that I was not dining in.  I was nervous to look behind the counter - so I didn't.  I ordered the MMG Signature Wrap with Chicken with a cucumber salad with balsamic dressing.  The food was decently prepared - but for 10$ for a wrap and a side with no drink I am not sure that it is good enough to bring me back when there are a lot of other healthy eating choices close by.
