5	Having a high drive, highly intelligent, super cute dog is not always easy. But with Brice's help, both Halo and I are on the road success.  I've tried a couple other dog trainers in the valley but I have finally found my guy! He not only works on your dogs behavior but also focuses on the relationship between human and pooch.  She is learning my body language and in turn, I don't have to correct her as much. Check out the website: www.totaldog.com for pricing packages. I am doing the unlimited because having an 8 month old Malinois...I need it!I'll stay current on our training status but so far, I couldn't be more pleased!
5	With a young puppy, barely 6 months yet, with an "excitable" personality, my husband and I knew we needed to start training early. Almost three weeks in, Jasper walks great on the leash, not paying attention to distractions, is a lot less vocal, will get in and out of his crate with no objection or anxiety, and will find a "place" and sit there obiendiently! Jasper loves people and other dogs, so we are still working on getting in and out of daycare more calmly, but at 6 months he is catching on really quick. We couldn't be happier with Brice and the Total Dog! team.
3	I gave Total Dog 3 stars after putting everything into account. Brice and Tom were a great help to my pup. They really helped with his eating, getting him into a cage, walking on a leash. Tom moved away so it was just Brice. It was difficult at times to schedule appointments and to get in touch with him because he is so incredibly busy which is understandable. I purchased the all around life time training. Unforeseen circumstances had me move out of town to Vegas. I have had some difficulty with my pup since moving and talked to Brice briefly, but am having an incredible amount of difficulty getting in touch for some sort of a transfer/refund and help now that I am not in the Phoenix area. The refund/transfer was discussed and we were under a mutual agreement that we would arrange a something. I have emailed, called, text, and nothing over a span of months. Some unprofessionalism before I moved kept me from taking full advantage of calling all the time until I was talked to. I last heard from him after I texted and face booked him and he texted back finally saying He was available after a certain time. I called and surprise, no answer. That was over 2 weeks ago and I am still waiting to hear back. I think he is amazing with dogs and did a great job with my dog for the short amount of time I had, but for the amount of money I paid I'm incredibly disappointed at the customer service aspect of it. It is a life time of help and I got approximately a year. I am out of what I feel is hundreds of dollars and will be shelling out more for training in my current area. Grateful for the walking, sitting, and going into the cage that my dog can do, but disappointed that his training is not finished and that Brice's customer service is terrible.
5	I've been working with Brice for about 7 months now and have seen a total change in my dog. Having an aggressive breed [Pit Bull] in the Scottsdale area is very challenging until people see how well he's been taught. I was nervous at first since my Pitty is 6 years old [can't teach an old dog new tricks they say] but, Brice breaks down the training so- not only the dog understands but the owner understands the psychology behind it. The industry I work in has long hours and Brice has made house calls at 7 PM at night to accommodate my schedule. I will never work with a different trainer.
5	Brice has helped train my pitbull for about 8 months now. This was a last-ditch effort because I have been through numerous trainers and training techniques. Nothing has seemed to work for my defensive-aggressive pitbull whom I can't even take for a walk in public. I would highly recommend this company and Brice for their training techniques and "don't give up" attitude. I will be using this company for any future dogs I own.
5	Brice is without a doubt the most talented individual I have ever met.  I came to Brice in somewhat dire circumstances, I had recently moved to the Phoenix area from NYC and since I had no family here in PHX a friend had convinced me to go dog shopping for my first dog ever! (yes at 26 I have never had a pet except for a goldfish) I came upon a dog that I had to buy immediately that day (a rescue dog you can imagine why I had to get her that day), however I soon came to realize that I was grossly under equipped with the knowledge needed to train or rehabilitate her.  She would run away from me every time I came within 10 feet of her, she would not eat or drink, she would not walk outside and was just generally antisocial and detached from me.  I tracked Brice down through Yelp and opted for the boot camp package.  I can tell you that was definitely one of the Top 10 best decisions I have ever made in my life.  I picked up Zoey my beautiful brown Pit/Rot mix just after the Thanksgiving Holiday and she is now the most energetic, loving, outgoing wonderful pup in the world!!!!!  Thanks Brice You Are the Man!!!!
