2	Ive been hoping that this would be my "goto" place for a Sonoran style hot dog in the Phoenix area, sadly it wont be.  Tucson still owns Phoenix in that category.   The actual bacon wrapped dog was "just there".  The bun (bread) was respectable since they didn't use a hot dog bun, but a tad stale.  The toppings were weak.  Chopped, raw, white onion?  Where are the butter laden grilled ones?  Also, the pico tasted mass produced, store bought garbage.   Big let down.   I also got a burger and really expected it to be great judging by the wall of mesquite smoke that hits you when you enter Bueno Burger.  Very average burger at best.  It's nice that you can customize your burger ala Five Guys for free, but I couldn't taste the mesquite in the meat.   This place has a lot of potential, but it's lacking on the most important factor being flavor.  Until then, it's a roadie to El Guero Canelo for my hot dogs estilo Sonora fix.
3	I've been to Bueno Burger about 5 times since it opened.  I agree with some of the other posters that they need to figure a few things out.  I was their today and received my Sonoran Dog on a sesame seed hot dog bun.  This was indeed very disappointing as it's just not the same.  The other complaint I have is that every time I go in they prepare the Sonoran Dog differently.  The first time they asked me for every ingredient that I wanted individually.  Then when it came to me it had a few things that I did not order.  The explanation that I was given is that there are certain staple ingredient that go on every sonoran dog (beans, onions, pico de gallo, jalapeno relish, mustard, and mayo).  They remade it they way I wanted it with no problem.  So the next time I ordered I remembered the staple items and ordered mine with the onions off.  It was fine.  Then today I ordered "a sonoran dog no onions substitute the pico with fresh tomatoes", and it came with beans, sour cream, and tomatoes.  There was no jalapeno relish, mustard, or mayo.I will continue to go because I love the food.  But getting the kinks out would definitely help business.
2	I didn't go for the Sonoran hot dog (Guero, we need an El Guero Canelo in Phoenix, por favor!!)  But did want to try this place (without reading reviews first.)  It's kind of like a Chipotle meets Fuddruckers.  You tell them how you want your burger/burrito/hot dog, and they bring it to you.  I got the bueno burger - the actual meat is about 1/4 inch thin and they still managed to get it pink in the middle - pretty impressive. The fries were good, and my friend got the onion rings which have a sweet crispy batter.  Not bad. Not fantastic, but not bad.  What is bad though is that we paid 17 dollars for it.  Overpriced by about four or five dollars, in my opinion.  Go here if you're in the area and want a sit down burger (by the way, the barn-meets-industrial decor is odd). But don't go out of your way for it - instead, write a letter to Guero and tell him to start a third El Guero Canelo up here (near Project Challenge in Queen Creek might be a good location to start).
4	I have been here a few times but never tried the Mex, part of the menu. The Burgers are great, I always ask the person at the check out, how they like it cooked, and it is always different, but tasty. The Smoke from the fire they cook on makes my eyes water it is so strong...
4	Last night was my first visit to Bueno Burger.  I'm not a huge burger fan, but after this burger, I have converted.  Got the Bueno Burger with cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions and thier Bueno Sauce....yummy!.  Next on the menu is the Sonoran Dog, I just hope it taste just like Guerros in Tucson, theirs is amazing.
3	The staff is friendly, the place is clean, very brightly lit (always a plus for me) and spacious. The atmosphere is a tad above most fast food joints. The food is good, not remarkable, and there doesn't seem to be much to set it apart from the food served in most decent to good fast food places.
3	Yes, it resembles a Chipotle on the inside.  That's not what rubs me the wrong way about this place, it's the smell.  When we got home from our first trip there (we got our order to-go) we had this smell I couldn't quite place.  The food was decent, but I couldn't figure out what smell was hanging on our clothes.  On our second trip, I saw the culprit as we pulled into the parking space - firewood.  I guess they cook over wood, which I guess is supposed to make things tasty, but man, you don't have to sit in there for that long to leave smelling like you've been camping.  Now, I'm not a happy camper, so maybe it's because of this that I have bad associations with that smell.  I just can't imagine why one would want to leave lunch/dinner and smell like a fire.Again, the food was pretty decent.  The burgers are large but thin and on visit #2 they forgot my fries (but charged us for them), but they're not bad.  The Rob got a carne asada burrito and was pretty happy with it both times.We may go back because they've been sending coupons in the mail, but I'll be the fidgety person waiting to grab my food and run before I get too much Eau de Campfire.
1	I have been here twice while on business on that side of town. First-shortly after they opened, and then this past week. First of, cant they smell how it reakes in this place??? Im not so sure the firewood is helping the taste any. Also I had to order something else since they were out of hot dog buns......... Seriously dont bother, you will leave stinky and disappointed.
2	Hoping this is very much an interim review because my experience was so bad that I  managed a bite, waited for family to finish eating, and then went to get some bad food ( jack in the box) to cheer me up with the refund. The latter was  fast and hot ,the antithesis of the Bueno Burger meal.    I will stipulate that the results of the evening were heavily influenced by under-staffing and a first night on the job cook  regardless half an hour to be served a chill bun, with tepid meat dragged down by cold ingredients ,in a very cold restaurant , was unpleasant to touch let alone stick in the mouth. That it comes at a premium was just annoying. Side onion rings were not hot either  which is kinda a no-brainer to get Thankfully the manager ,in charge , probably the best thing about this place, has a clue  and  refunded mine and gave us a card for a future burger because there's a real disconnect between the reviews and our experience last  Friday and I wouldn't mind being proven wrong.
2	The food is still decent but this place is going downhill fast. Today is my 5th visit in the 6 months since they opened and the place is in disrepair, literally! There is scaffolding in the middle of the dining area holding up a broken roof truss. They had most tables full but the rest had discarded foodservice items piled on them and there were fries and soda all over the floor by the tables.  The soda counter was filthy and a sticky mess and I truly felt bad for the elderly couple I saw clean their own table off when they realized none of the staff would. I really want this place and other small local restaurants to survive, but I don't think I'll risk being crushed by falling roof beams for the food again.**Update, got a message from Vanessa, who says she is one of the owners*** She expressed concern about the cleanliness, and commented that the scaffolding was temporary while the sort things out with a contractor. What upsets me, and made me add this update is the comment she made to me about not appreciating my review (which was written from my actual experience). Sorry business owners, if you can't take candor from your patrons on a public forum, you're in the wrong business. A negative review hurts your business less than allowing the negative experience that spurned the review in the first place!Also, the part about being crushed by a falling roof beams was intended as humor, not an actual expression of fear of injury. I know nobody would be dumb enough in our litigious society to allow people in an unsafe facility.
3	In an effort to try new places near the office, we gave this place a shot.  The inside is much like a Chipotle in ordering style, menu etc.  The concept is interesting (burgers, hot dogs, burritos), but I was in the mood for a burger.  I had the Bueno style with pepper jack cheese.  It had fresh guacamole on top, and the pepper jacks cheese gave it just enough spice.  The fries and drink were not included in the $6 it cost for the burger, a little pricey.  The service was alright, thought instead of bringing out our meals by number they just walked over and asked what we ordered.  I think this ended up in a couple mix ups with another table's order, but we got it worked out. All in all an ok place, maybe I'll give it a try again for a hot dog or burrito...PS: Yes, you will smell like a campfire the rest of the day after eating here.
2	Different I'll give you that but quite costly for such a small burger.  The AZ Burger with cheese alone cost me $6.50. To be honest I thought it was a lil on the bland side.  Combo(+1.95) came with a drink and a bunch of somewhat undercooked small cut fries.  Probably won't be dining back here.
2	After the first trip I returned  two more times  with my young son after  a particularly bad first impression. Two burgers.  One  Arizona style This is not one to take away , the amount of sour cream  was excessive and dragged down the temperature of an already struggling patty.  It was edible and cooked this time.  Green chili had a nice taste on the isolated bit that wasn't drowning in sour cream and I would probably like it in a burrito. Onion rings also had heat in them too.   One Bueno style. Same issue one small piece of meat trying to support all the ingredients that have cooled it down prior to getting the table.  Still slow service, still had a construction area in the middle of it . It's just not doing it for me at $6 for a thin burger drowned out by the  toppings. 2.5 rounded to 2.
3	I love a grilled burger esp over mesquite. Can it get much better? Well yes. I will explain. Concept 5 stars Building 4.5 and I like the scaffolding. LOL Service was a tad slow but they were training and they were super nice. 5 stars Cleanliness 5 stars and we were there after a huge lunch rush of "handicapable" folks. I had a Bueno with American cheese, Let, Tom, Mayo and Mustard. Kind of a standard burger. -The meat was fresh just too thin -The toppings were good just too much, -The bun was good just too thick for such a small patty. -The flavor was faint and I did not detect any additional seasonings. Oh yeah... the combo with frys and a drink, is the same price as just the reg drink. Better then most fast food joints but then again the price is higher too.
1	My second visit and it will probably will be my last.  Had a Bueno Burger bueno style and a Bueno Dog bueno style.  The condiments were ok, but way to much it made my burger and dog colder than the condiments it really made me feel like the meat was not cooked and the burger tasted like they dumped a bottle of liquid smoke on it.  We will find out if I get a bueno case of Montezuma's Revenge later.
3	Bueno Burger had a rough night when I was there.  Only one side of the grill was working and there were a lot of patient customers.  We were given a complimentary dessert for our patience.  The dessert was something called Bueno Bites.  It was dough deep fried then rolled in cinnamon and sugar with a caramel dipping sauce.  Delicious.My burger was one of their specialty burgers and it was made Glendale Style.  It was a good burger.  It should have come out piping hot but it was warm.Bueno Burger advertises they cook with misquite wood.  Cool.I will be back.  I hope everything is in working order next time.
3	Bueno Burger is doing some great advertising lately, taking full advantage of ValPack, etc to get the word out about their neat concept of mesquite grilled burgers and dogs,but if you live anywhere nearby, the scent of the burning wood alone has already piqued your attention.Sometimes it's possible to create expectations that are tough to live up to.  The air smelled great, but the burger itself just didn't seem to hang onto all of the flavor generated by the smoke while grilling.  It wasn't anything that was bad about it, but it just wasn't as exciting as i wanted it to be.I enjoyed it enough that i know i'll take advantage of a coupon and give it another go.
5	I love this place. First of they get social media and how to reward loyal customers. I know that doesn't tell you about the food but it does say something about how they care about customers and their willingness to listen. Let me give an example. Shortly after they opened I commented that I would like to have had a chicken option for a quesidilla they thanked me for my comment. Within a month there were chicken options on the menu. Now that could have been something in the works but asking for comments, reacting to my comment, and doing something went a long way.On to the food. Love the burgers. All of the ingredients taste so fresh. I have brought a lot of people here to try it and that is something that is always commented on. Everyone says they can taste the freshness.My other absolute must have are the chips and salsa. I love the salsa and can't get enough.I have seen them continue to evolve from the beginning and really like everything they are doing. I highly recommend.
3	3.5- first you enter to the delicious smell of mesquite grill. The smell is so enticing! They offer burritos , salads, burgers, and chicken breast. My hubbie and I ordered the Glendale burger a burger with bacon, cheese, a mild horseradish , barbecue and mushrooms. It came out promptly. The burger was good, meat was tender and smokey. I felt the patty was a little thin and agree with the previous review that it's 1/4" thick. The bun was soft which my hubbie enjoyed. Between the burger and fries it was a 5 napkin night. I asked for a side of ranch and was given what I think was the cilantro ranch- it was surprisingly good! My fries were ok- came out barely warm but tasted good. I later was told by my husband his was warm and perfect. The inside does look like Chipoltle . They have brewed tea which is a big plus in my eyes and have Coke products. So all in all good. I would return. The staff checked on us twice and made us feel welcome. They have a frequent diner program. I wish the burgers were more beefy and lettuce was not shredded. Next time I'm trying the salad as I love the mesquite and want to try the carne asada. Give this place a try- there might be a scaffold holding up the roof but it adds to the charm lol!
3	One of the gals I work with had a horrible experience with the employees here when they first opened, so I was immediately turned off.  I, however, still wanted to try it out because it's near home and I love hot dogs.  I figured I'd wait a while for the bugs and bad employees to be worked out, as all new restaurants need, before I made my visit.  A Groupon became available so I used that opportunity to try out their food at half price and would be easier to look past any bad customer service that I may encounter.  The woman working there was very friendly and helpful, so good for them they seemed to have fixed the customer service issues.I got a hot dog and selected my own toppings rather than choosing one of their topping styles on the menu.  I also ordered onion rings and a fountain drink.  My Groupon was for $10 and I used all but a few cents of it.  I didn't think twice about it since I've been known to drop 8 bucks on a dog at the ballpark, until I got home to eat and realized the dog was smaller than the ones offered by Circle K.  Yikes! 9 dollars for a Little Slugger with cheese and bacon on it??  The onion rings were very delicious.  Worth $5?  Negative.  The food was good, but overpriced for the amount received.  If the dog was Dback dog sized and I received the same amount of rings as one would at a restaurant as an appetizer, then I think the $10 would be a fair price for the food.  It's been 2 months since my visit and I have yet to return although I have been in that shopping center countless times.  Hopefully the other items are larger than the hot dog.  I'm sure one of these days I'll try again because the food, although small, was tasty.
3	I had a Groupon for this place (how many reviews lately have started with that? :-)).  Before I buy a Groupon I use Yelp to get a feel if I really want to try a place.I bought a Gringo style burger with sweet potato fries and an iced tea.  They were all OK.  The sweet potato fries were not as crispy as I would like but they are not bad.  Because it is a new, off menu, item they asked me how I liked them and although they were not the best I have had they were not far enough off I could say exactly why.  They could have used a dipping sauce other than ketchup.  I liked the burger.  There is nothing great about any of the food but it is reasonably priced and OK.  The service is fast casual where you order at the counter and they bring it to you.  They are obviously passionate about their restaurant as how many cooks in a fast food place come out and tour the dining room to check on their customers?  They have a frequent diner program that is web based which is sort of cool.Given I have to drive past this place for either In-and -Out or Culvers I will more often than not stop at this local place to eat rather than the chains.  There is a larger parking lot on the South of this small strip mall and if it fills up there is also the large Target parking lot.
4	I came here today to check out Bueno Burger and yes the mesquite smell is powerful near the kitchen.  I have to say that I did like the burger though.  I ordered just a Gringo which is a bacon cheeseburger and fries.  The meat was cooked well and very thin (I like it this way), it wasn't like "where's the beef" because we know where the beef is...just look around you see it on our legs, ass, and stomach.  So I enjoyed the meal and the service was good also, I came at about 11am so it wasn't busy and the lady at the register came out to me and told me what she liked, I like it when they do this.  They also have a computer where you enter your email or phone number and you get every 8th or 9th burger free which is great so I dont have to carry a stupid card around with me.  I will definitely come back for the Arizona and Bueno Burgers then maybe even a burrito at some point.
4	Yum!We were first introduced to Bueno Burger at The Taste of Glendale. There they served a pulled pork sandwich that stuck in my memory and today I just had to taste it again.When we arrived I got a little worried because I did not see a pulled pork sandwich on the menu board but to my relief I saw it on a paper menu with "seasonal item" written below it. I asked and sure enough they were able to satisfy my craving. Pulled pork in a mild bbq sauce with cilantro slaw on top. typically I am not a major slaw fan, but the seasoning in this one is a perfect addition to the sandwich. It was as good as I remembered and I can only hope that next  time we go back it will be in "season." The husband had a burger "Glendale Style" which had bacon, mushrooms, horseradish sauce, and swiss cheese. For under 20 bucks we were both stuffed and satisfied walking out the door and felt it was overall a pleasant experience. We will be back :)
4	We came here after enjoying a delicious pulled pork sandwich at taste of Glendale.  Unfortunately, they were out of the pulled pork:(  We decided on a chicken sandwich and Sonoran dog along with some onion rings.  The onion rings were delicious!! The hot dog and the chicken sandwich had a great flavor.  The only issue was that the chicken was somewhat dry.  The wifi did not work and no one knew anything about it. Overall it had a nice ambience and we would definitely come again. Maybe next time we will get to have the pulled pork sandwich.
5	I've been here several times, both dining in and taking out.  I've never had a bad experience and have never disliked anything I ordered.Staff is friendly, music is rockin and upbeat.  Food is really good.  My only bummer was not being able to have a Mexican Coke earlier because they were sold out.  Otherwise...Bueno for Bueno Burger!
4	I rarely go to the west side of town and I was in the area looking for a Subway when I realized that apparently the closest was 4 miles away. Thanks to my Iphone's hint, I realized I was just minutes away from Bueno Burger which one of my friends keeps on mentioning.I thought the look of the place was nice. They only have this one location which is surprising but the decor is unique going for a little of the Chipotle look. I was greeted kindly and asked for a suggestion having never been there. Ordered the Arizona Style burger ,$5.95, (green chili beef, roasted green chilis, lettuce and sour cream) and added guacamole,tomatoes and cheddar cheese to give it a little extra something.I'm pretty bland when it comes to anything spicy and was a bit worried about the kick but it wasn't "too bad". Too bad meaning I didn't sweat from it but it was hot enough to give me hiccups. Still even though it got a little messy because of the sour cream and guacamole I thought the concept and quality was very good. I don't know if I'd venture all the way out here just for Bueno Burger but if you live close by it's definitely a unique concept and compared to what other reviewers have said I thought it was fairly priced for a burger,drink and fries when compared to In-n-out for example.
2	This place is really close to my husband's work. We decided to try this place for our Tuesday lunch date. While it was clean, it was nearly dead. The only people in the restaurant were there to shoot a commercial or an interview. The food, while largely portioned, was not that great. I would have much rather gone across the street to the 'Berto's. I had a chicken burro with guac while the hubs had the pulled pork upon my recommendation (I had read the reviews here about the pork being great). The chicken had a nice smoky flavor but it completely overwhelmed my burro. It was the only thing I tasted. The hubs said he had the same thing with the pork. We also had the brownies. They were the best part of the meal. Even though the food was not terrible, I had sated my curiosity about Bueno Burger and don't feel the need to return. They were trying a bit too hard to be the next Chipotle. Why does every new restaurant now need to have a minimum of 3 TVs all playing sports review shows? Very distracting. Definitely not a recommend.
5	The smell alone deserves a 5 star rating. Just finished up my free bueno birthday meal and it was Yummy like always. Can't go wrong with the bueno style burger, lobe the jalapeno relish. My wife tried the Glendale style style today with green beef chili on the burger. Some more tasty stuff. Bueno is right up there with Lennys as the the burger of the west side
2	I have eaten here a few times with mixed results. The first time was, by far, the best.  I had the Glendale burger and onion rings.  Both were fresh and tasty, the rings were particularly good with the fluffy batter they have. On my second visit things went down hill. I wasn't in the mood for a burger so I asked the person behind the counter what they liked. They said the carne asada burro was excellent, so I tried that.  Bad idea! After several bites of my burro, I was convinced that I had been given the wrong item, as I had yet to detect any carne asada whatsoever. Then, there in the middle of the burro were three, small, fatty, burnt pieces of meat. Totally gross. They tasted like things other places would trim off and toss in the trash. I alerted the management to the issue and they apologized and gave me my money back, but why in hell would you recommend something that was so obviously bad? After that, I gave them another chance, ordering the bueno burger, but it was just ok. There is nothing to make me really want to go back. Take it or leave it, just don't get the carne asada burro!
3	Second time visiting this burger joint, I do have to say I really like this place the burgers rock! They are real juicy burgers. You will definately walk out of there full and happy. They have burritos and bowls too,but I just can't get past the burgers. Its always clean and the workers are always nice and helpful. They never look to busy though, hope they stick around.
4	O.K. I went to Bueno Burger again last night for the first time in a few months.  I was all set to get my sonoran dog fix.  Then noticed they had added an item to their menu; a Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Being a huge fan of pulled pork I had to try one.  So I ordered both. The Sonoran Dog was easily the best I've had at Bueno Burger.  The dog was cooked perfectly and they got all the toppings right.  It's really amazing how well the mustard and mayo work with the other ingredients.  Now to the pulled pork.  All I can say is WOW!  This is the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had.  The pork was nice and tender and the BBQ sauce, while nothing special was solid.  What puts it over the top is the off-the-hook cilantro coleslaw.  It was so unique and just added that perfect mix to the bbq sauce. Until they use a balillo bun for their sonoran dog they won't get a 5 from me though.
4	It's great food, good service. We LOVE the green Chile bowl, just a great place to have good food at an affordable price.
3	Decided to try this place today after driving by several times this past year. I had the bueno burger...it tasted all right, good concept with the way they grill. Thought the burger would be bigger seeing with how much it cost, but I get a burger patty for less price at a fast food joint. Plus, they told me its going up in price soon so it will cost even more.  I'll probably go back again but not get a burger.
4	I really liked the atmosphere in this place, plus they had a great football game while we ate, but the overall burger experience was ok. It was like a mexican version of smash burger. Long wait time, GREAT smell. I would have liked more smokey flavor in the actual burger, but all in all it was really good. Oh, and I recommend a crap load of napkins because it's ridiculously messy.
5	I visited here on the recommendation of the guys at my pool supply store that I frequent.  And I am truly glad I did.  Of course, now I wish there was a Bueno Burger on my side of town!I am not sure exactly what I was expecting when I walked in and I will admit to being a little biased and influenced against restaurants that have spanish in their title because in my head I end up comparing them to "Humbertos" or "Filibertos" or one of the thousands of mom & pop taco shops that are all over the valley.  Bueno Burger is NOTHING like them.  Bueno Burger is quite simply a clean, modern and classy take on burgers with a mexican edge.  Damn tasty!  I got a Bueno Burger and ordered "Bueno" style and it was loaded with homemade guacamole, onions, and just delicious all the way around. I am making it a point to bring my family sometime so they can try it too.  Even the french fries were winners!  Golden brown, crispy...delicious.  Prices were very reasonable for a good, tasty burger.  Not greasy, cooked perfect, just a classic case for giving them five stars.  In fact when they brought it out to my table, I remember thinking this is how the burgers look in the other restaurants PICTURES.  But this one actually looked awesome for real!  I took a picture in fact and will be uploading it.Bueno Burger - thanks for tasty food and keep up the quality!!  And hey, how about opening in Surprise, AZ?
4	I love, love, love, this place! Their signature burger, The Bueno Burger, is fantastic! We go about once a week and have never had a bad experience with their food or their staff. Delicious Mesquite Grilled Burgers and excellent guacamole!
5	My girlfriend lives by here and I drive by this place literally everyday on my way home.   So we were thinking of grabbing burgers from another place when we saw that it was closed.  I took out my phone and pulled up Yelp to see what was around.  Saw the reviews and said "Hey lets try Bueno Burger"  Sounds good! they all said.We walk in and the small of mesquite smacks you in the face.. Dammnn.. it smelled amazing.  We ordered a bunch of burgers with fries.  Near the end my girlfriend noticed that they had sweet potato fries and asked if it was too late.  Not only did they make a fresh batch for her, but they also threw in the reg fries that were done too.Here's a cool thing.. on Sundays if you order an entree, you get a free brownie..  we walked away with four. :)After getting home, I bit into the burger and was pleasantly surprised at the taste.  The mushrooms, bacon, sauce.. the flavors were all over.  I really cant wait to go back here, it was that good.So glad we tried this place and so glad it's close too!
5	Dear Bueno Burger,I love you. Maybe that's a bit forward after my first visit today, but I do and I can't be ashamed to hide my love for you. From your mesquite grill, to your pickled jalapenos, to the fresh guacamole on top of my perfectly cooked bueno style burger, I find you remarkably attractive. Your french fries were hot, fresh, and perfectly made. Your onion rings were tasty and not too breaded. Your store is clean, neat, and brightly lit with it's beautiful modern booths and tables. Your fountain drinks were typical but well stocked.  Your staff is friendly, polite, and helpful to a new-comer like me. My dear sweet Bueno Burger, I'll try not to be too overbearing with my visits because you are kind of a far drive from my house but you are oh so worth the trip and worth spending my weight watchers points on any day of the week.Until we meet again.....Faithfully yours,Beth S.
5	In the era of unique burger chains that have been popping up all over town, this place is one of the best. As someone who loves burgers, mexican food, and spicy foods, their Arizona style burger with green chile beef on top of the burger patty is incredible. I added pepper jack cheese and topped it with lettuce and Cholula hot sauce. What resulted was a fiery yet delicious burger that was entirely unique in flavor and ingredients. With so many burger joints around, it's hard to find such a uniqueness anymore, but Bueno Burger delivers. I highly recommend it.
1	I went by here today, and the place was closed at 2pm on Saturday afternoon. Out of business? Probably.
1	Not surprised it CLOSED, staff was rude and uppity.
