5	"Highest Employee to Customer Ratio in Madison" - funny stuff.  There's always like a family of cashiers behind the counter plus a wine rep wandering around.  And they give my pup treats.  Nothing makes a dog walk better than picking up a six pack mid-stroll.
5	This place has the most wonderful (FREE) wine tastings from 3-6pm on Saturdays.  There are usually three people behind the counter to serve you and tell you all about the wines.  One guy in particular is incredibly knowledgeable about each of the wines and loves to engage you in a conversation about what you're experiencing while you're drinking it.  I love this, personally, but others might not.  Plus, they actually will put out sharp cheddar and crackers to heighten the experience.  Did I mention it's free?!  Well....initially it's free, but I've been completely unable to resist buying a featured bottle any time that I've gone.  ;)Wine selection aside, they've got a great, unique beer and liquor selection.  They are undeniably more expensive than say, Woodman's, but I love them so much that I don't even care.  Support your neighborhood boozerie!
4	Cork & Bottle is a great neighborhood liquor store. They have a well-curated selection of wine, beer and spirits. Overall, the staff is friendly and helpful; especially with questions about wine. The store is on the small side so they won't have everything, but that shouldn't stop you.  Sure, you can go to Woodmans or Hyvee and find every alcoholic thing under the sun, but I urge everyone to come out and support a wonderful local business. If they don't have something, just ask and they will happily point you to an acceptable alternative. Bonus: Come on Saturday between 3 and 6 for a wine tasting. I've also seen some random liquor tastings as well.
5	Fantastic selection of craft beer. My pooch also approves, he gets handfuls of treats every visit.
4	Delightful staff with a deep connection to the neighborhood.  We moved to the southeast side, but return biweekly for wine.  They also have a nice selection of micro-brews. They treat their employees like family and always offer a friendly, interested greeting to all. If you drop in on Saturdays, old friends/employees/customers gather around the counter for wine and cheese.
2	I'm new to town but I've been here once or twice a week for the last month because it's so convenient. I really like the layout and feel of the store and the selection is smallish but very good. Prices are a buck or two more per six-pack than the grocery store but I'm happy to pay for the convenience.My only complain is the grizzly older guy that has been working there most of the times I come. I expect employees to say "hello" or something to a customer when they approach the counter.  Not this guy. He just says "$8.94." Even when I say "thanks!" as I'm leaving he doesn't reply.Oh, well, one time he also yelled at me to hurry up and buy something (sorry, I'm new to Wisconsin and wasn't aware of the 9pm cut-off for beer & wine sales).I'll probably still come here occasionally, but I'm more likely to go over to Star, where the employees treat me like a person.
4	Having been back to Cork & Bottle several times  since my original review, I've interacted with other employees and have had a much better experience! I've updated my original 2-star rating accordingly.Still a great selection and very convenient location.
3	If you like booze they got booze...and they know a thing about wine. . .cuz they drink enough of it to know! Dickie will feed your dog too many treats and they WILL get the shits.
5	Finally found dry Sherry! (Matt tells me it's other places but I felt like I was searching for days.)I dig the fact these guys have a slim selection of things you can't find elsewhere in town. And when I've called they've always been cool putting me on hold and checking the shelves before I drive over.
