2	I had traveled the distance to see the free Stevie Wonder on opening night of the Montreal Jazz Festival. It was a very special event: not only was I seeing one of my biggest musical idols for free but this would be the 30th anniversary of the famous 10-day international music festival. I knew well in advance that the Scene General Motors where the main stage was set up was going to get busy very quickly. There was an estimated 100,000 people in attendance to see this performer who seldom tours. The show was good but I felt the festival lacked proper organization regarding facilities and the safety of its patrons. Once you were behind the barricades you couldn't leave. If you had to go to the washroom, security were instructed to not let anyone out for fear that you couldn't re-enter it as it was so jammed packed. Depending on where you were, you didn't have access to use the facilities. The grounds were thick with people that it seemed like a hopeless cause. I personally did not experience these difficulties but some of my friends did and I noticed patrons who tried to get out but were in a spot where we couldn't leave. When it came to being asked the question of "do you need to go where I'm standing?", security would answer yes, even if it meant to do it in public, in front of others. Police security came in at one point and chit-chatted with each other, but soon left, not offering any help whatsoever. Perhaps facilities and security were more lenient in other areas of the grounds, but not where I was standing. For an internationally-renowned festival that has honoured great artists like Miles Davis, Aretha Franklin and Dave Brubeck, I felt that they get a failing mark when organizing a proper game plan for the safety of its festival patrons. Why not stamp everyone coming in or put wristbands for patrons wanting to leave due to health? Or at the very least palce proper washroom facilities in all areas of the festival grounds, within reach of patrons. Other than that, this festival doesn't get much of a good vote in my books. Stevie Wonder, 1. Montreal Jazz Festival, 0.
2	This is well known all over. I didn't come to Montreal specifically for it, but thought it would be nice to hear a little  music while I was there. I got the events schedule and wanted to listen to a band that was playing at a convenient time for me. When I went there, it was standing room only. The band was playing for an audience, but there wasn't much sit down space. And in Quebec it appears that people can smoke wherever they please. I started standing while the band was playing, but there was no escaping the smoke unless I were to leave. So that is what I did. It is too bad as the band was good. My suggestions to future organizers would be to have more seating even for the smaller shows and to have designated smoking areas if that is possible in the province. As an aside, the random street performers were entertaining. Some... a bit strange... but fun altogether.
5	I am with Art here... are you kidding me? After attending this event a few times I can't say enough about it. Free music everywhere, sure its crowded but what free festival isn't. With the International acts that have graced the stage in the past it should be a must attend for music fans not just those that enjoy Jazz.Plan you day out in order to get the most of your time. I recommend you pick up a Friends of the Festival card, it gets you priority entrance to some venues and discounts at others. Go, you will not be disappointed.
4	Nice mix of jazz, world music, rock, etc.  This is the largest Jazz festival in the world.  At one point in time you can have at least 4 LIVE outdoor stages, playing different bands.    In addition to that, many venues have paid concerts throughout the city.   Very lively, very fun...
5	If you are more than just a music consumer--that is, if you really really love music--than you must be present at the Montreal International Jazz Festival at least once in your life.  Now, don't get hung up on the word Jazz.  This festival--billed as the world's largest of its kind--brings multiple forms of eclectic music from artists from around the world into a 4 block space on the North American continent for two full weeks.  The official tour guide puts it like this, "...from artists who recorded 78s to artists of the mp3 era, they come from every part of the globe to show us how music transcends generations and boundaries."  I should also point out here that if you are an uncompromising jazz purist, you will either be compelled to broaden your horizons or you will leave the event feeling like the dinosaurs did just before the extinction level event that brought on human domination of the planet.The people who put on this event have been at it for more than 30 years, so they know what they are doing.  Every year for two weeks from late June to early July, they bring to the streets, stages and art venues of Montreal approximately 3000 artists from 30 countries.  Incredibly, a large portion of these shows are absolutely free!  And, when it's 105 degrees on the US East Coast, it's a very comfortable 80-85 degrees in Montreal.  It's very feasible to have a great time just walking around the many outdoor stages and have a good time and spend very little money if any at all.  And when you get tired or hungry, you can grab a spot at one of the many pubs or bistros that ring the area and do some people watching while still being a part of the show via well placed speakers and monitors of the various stages.  And yep, there's an app for iPhone and Google so you always know who's playing where.I could write forever about all of the great things about this music festival.  But instead, I will ask you to just Google it and check out their website, where the paid writers can give better justice than I can.Oh...did I mention that the Montreal International Jazz fest happens to take place in...you guessed it...Montreal?  So if the impossible happens, and you get tired of the festival, you can explore one of the coolest cities in North America.  Cars are not necessary.
5	If you want to hear Jazz from all over the world.... Im talking Jazz from Guyana, South African,  Peru, America and sprinkled with all of their different flavors.... then GO!I had a fantastic experience this year.  There are SEVERAL free bands who are fantastic.  Along with more popular headliners that you have to pay for.  The experience is amazing and so fulfilling.  And dont just go for one day.  Use your weekend for a 3day extravaganza.  And really seep into the whole experience of walking from stage to stage and in the middle of the street to hear Jazz from around the worldFood at the main area Festival de Arts is not the greatest.  In addiition wait times are extremely long for the restaurants.  Look up places in their other neighborhoods to eat.Drinks are there in abundance and reasonable priced.
5	This was so much fun!  When I was a teenager, we took a family trip to Montreal one summer and the Jazz Festival must have been there during the trip or just before...since I had a t-shirt for the longest time from the festival.  But, I'm sure we didn't go, or I would have remembered it...even if not appreciated it at that age. So...as I was planning this summer's road trip, I saw the dates we'd be there coincided with the festival and I was excited.  That said, I really had no idea how much fun it would be until we got off the metro, came up the escalator and landed smack in the middle of it in Place Des Arts.  Fun!!  I'm typically not a big crowd person, but the energy and music was incredible.  So much so that we went back another night during our 3-night Montreal visit.Go...listen...dance...have fun!!
5	This is hands down one of the best festivals in MTL! I am yet to miss a Jazz Fest since moving here, and I don't think I am about to either. There is a great line-up of both FREE and paid shows every year. I'll give you one guess as to which ones I attend. I recommend having an idea of when and where the performers you're interested in are playing prior to going. If you have none go anyways walk around until the someone's beats lure you in. I was a bit disappointed this year by the random barriers disrupting the walking paths. I'm not sure what that was about. They just got in the way and unnecessarily crowded areas. That said this place can get really crowded, and I don't recommend bringing a stroller here as it'll just get in the way. If you do bring children along check out the kids area.
