3	out of the, say, 50 times I've been here, the service has sucked 90% of the time. chalk it up to that cool baby, hipster clientele, but servers here just love to suck it up....didn't stop my from working there my last semester in college - i was burnt out on working and school full time and needed a job that let me take it easy- this was the place.I've seen things that i would probably get in trouble for writing about as an employee, but all i can say is last time i went there, they weren't serving booze anymore - and i would bet they lost their license.BUT, crappy service and lame owners aside, the food is great. very unpredictable because quality control is not their strong point, but good.and EVERYTHING - aside from the obvious ham and cheese, is vegan or can be made vegan (i.e, order the pad Thai sans egg, etc.). this is a good veggie, vegan joint, but it's not all rabbit food, there's pork and chicken, but no beef for the meat eaters.i recommend:Plaid Thai noodles (one of my favorite places to get them)Hummus foldover (Ezekiel bread, hummus and veggies, yum!)Plaidtanes (plaintains...sooooo yummy)peanut sauce and chipsmozzarella and spinach salad (this is a tough one - sometimes i get huge chunks of moz, other times, a few tiny thin slices....one time it came out with regular lettuce instead of spinach, like i said, quality control not so hot)breakfast - yes, they serve potatoes and breakfast sandwiches that are pretty goodred light curry -spicy and deliciousveggie steak sandwich is NOT goodoh, and they used to have vegan cakes and pies, which is pretty cool. they also have free WI-fi and a coffee bar. come to think of it, it's such a rad little joint, it just sucks it's so poorly managed...decor is nice, concrete floors, couches and arm chairs and magazines for spending a day here. Chinese lanterns and local artists featured on the walls. a five-chair bar area. big booths and thrift store random table sets.
4	This place is totally funky and really convenient for the ASU crowd.  I recommend it as a cheap place for beer and lots of vegetarian options.  They have great art on the walls and the best flier selection this side of the Mississippi.  I also went to a craft fair by local independent crafters this weekend - this will apparently be a reglar event - the second saturday of every month.
4	The service was pretty good when I went, but it wasn't very busy then either. I hear stories that the service is normally lousy though. The place is really hip and cool and the atmosphere is comfy and relaxing. It was a good experience overall really. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian, so I don't have a reason to go here very often. They do accomidate the meat-eaters though, and they do it well. The food I had there was pretty delicious which is refreshing for a vegan-friendly place as most of them have terrible meatatarian cuisine. The vegan I went with was very picky and particular about her food and she regarded this as one of her favorite places to eat.I'd say this is a great place to suggest for lunch if your group is a mix of vegan and carnivore. Something for everyone.
2	I thought this place was okay - they did have a quite a few veggie options.I settled for an asian noodle dish with thin slices of grilled tofu. I thought there was too much of the brown sauce and a bit salty for my tastes.There were only four other tables that were seated when I arrived - my waiter was attentive and struck up a conversation. Service was good.I'd recommend this place if you live close by, but not if you have to drive across town to get to it (which I did).
4	The spicy Singapore noodles with tofu is the bomb. Sure, the noodle bowls are $8, but there's a lot of food in there! And Plaid's tofu is my favorite tofu on earth.Sandwiches are about $6, and seasonal beers are $2 a pint. Most of the seating is booths, which I really like.Plus, there's almost always a cute server.
4	When I think of Plaid, I think of spicy, funky, tasty, and tofu-y. It's a cute little place, hidden between neighborhoods. Everything is reasonably priced and portions are plenty. This is definitely a place you can eat alone and not feel awkward.
4	Plaid is a fun little cafe style rerstaurant near the ASU Tempe campus.  Their prices are reasonable, about $6-10 for a meal.  A couple of good beers on tap.  Great vegetarian options.  Yummy healthy food. Great desserts.Drawbacks:  They almost never have the deserts listed on their menu.   If you are unlucky enough to patronize Plaid on a night which they have a guest band playing, your hearing will surely be damaged.  Plaid is a small place and if a non accoustic band is playing, you wont be able to hear the person across your table.If you are going on a thursday-saturday night, I recommend calling ahead to see if a band is playing.
3	I've eaten here a couple times. The food was decently delicious both times. I also had a strawberry and chocolate Italian soda that was so good, I had cravings for it for like... 3 months afterwards. Watch out for that stuff. Service was pretty slow, but so was the crowd. This place has been deserted whenever I go.
2	Plaid used to be delicious...Now, they got rid of the veggie dumplings and have slow waiters. Oh well, now everyone goes to Green-which is actually way better than post-plaid.
1	Nothing I've eaten here has ever been good.  Sure, it only means two meals to review but I'm not a masochist so that's the best you yelpers will get out of me.I had some lemon grass soup, it tasted as if someone had poured lysol into it.  In fact I stopped after the first spoonful out of concern for my health.The fact that this place is still open pisses me off.  I blame the trendy vegetarians who don't know how food is supposed to taste because they've accepted it as a casuality of their dietary choice.  Unacceptable!  Cook at home and wise up so that these places can follow their natural progression to extinction.
