2	I found my gown at a bridal shop in CA, and I am looking to buy the Allure dress here in AZ. They do carry the dress I am looking for but will not quote prices over the phone; I found out why when I went into the shop to get a quote in person! They are charging $500 more than the other stores that I contacted! They told me they would normally price match, but $500 is too much of a difference for them to come down on. They advised me to buy the dress from another store! HAHA I will happily do so :)They were nice enough, but price matters when planning a wedding!
5	I don't even know where to begin on how utterly amazed and happy I was with the service here! I tried a few different places and was not at all happy with the person I was scheduled with to try on dresses. Here I was scheduled with Inez. She was about as nice and patient as they come! She had no problem with the fact that I had about 9dresses I wanted to try on! She was very understanding and patient with the fact that one of the first dresses I tried on was the one I ended up wanting and getting. When she measured me she did an amazing job! When it came in, a month ahead of schedule mind you, it fit perfect!! No adjusting needed! (with exception to length of course, but that goes without saying). I got an unbelievable price, great service, they were very nice(all of them) and they knew what they were doing! They don't do alterations there but they size you so well it's almost not even needed. They do have someone right around the corner in the same building they recommend if you do need a small adjustment, like the length for me. Inez get's major kudos from me. She was professional, kind, personable and always had a smile! I even saw her at the bridal show and she recognized who I was without needing to be reminded. That made me very comfortable with her and finalizing my purchase through them!Thank you Inez if you ever read this! ;)
1	Everything was okay here accept the terrible customer service.  I had to rent a tux for my boyfriend for my mothers wedding.  When I called to get a price they told me that I needed to place my order at least two weeks ahead in order to ensure that it arrived on time, so we went down that day and ordered.  Two weeks had passed and I called to make sure that it had arrived which they replied that it had not.  I was not too worried at this point because we still had a week before the wedding.I continued calling thought the week before the day that were scheduled to leave had come and we still had no tux.  When I called that day she said that the deliveries had not come yet and that they would call them to see if they had and call me back.  Well they never called me back so we drove down there. As we arrived they looked nervous to see us but took us to the back room to try on the tux that we ordered because apparently it had come (but why did she not call me back?)My boyfriend barely squeezed into this tux.  It was tight around the neck and when he knelt down it felt and looked like it was going to split.  When we voiced our concerns to the woman working there (she is the owner), she got this snotty attitude and acted like we were absolutely ridiculous for wanting a tux that fit comfortably.  When my boyfriend showed her how tight it was when he knelt down she replied,  "Well I don't know why you would be doing that at a wedding so....".My boyfriend told her, "Well what if I'm dancing and want to move around a little?"And she responded, in the snottiest way possible"I don't know anybody who dances like that."I suspect that they took one of the tuxedos off the mannequins and tried to pass it off as the one we ordered.  Especially when they had to send us to another store to pick up a vest that they did not have in the color we wanted.  We ended up using it for the wedding because we did not have another option at this point.I would have given this place a better rating if it wasn't for the woman who "helped" us.  She was rude, snotty, and she simply did not care.  I have never been treated so poorly anywhere in my life.
4	I went with my mom and little sister to go dress hunting and we walked in to a VERY QUIET shop.  Three ladies working greeted us looking a little confused and when I gave my name and information had me fill out a form.  A younger girl took me back to the dress area and told me to select whatever I wanted to try on and showed me to the dressing room.  There was no one in the shop.  I asked my sister to play her Pandora because it was awkwardly quiet.  The young girl placed a dress in my room and told me to call her in if I needed help.  I asked if they had any bras and they did NOT which was sort of disappointing because everything I read on line told me that bridal boutiques usually have bras for you to use.  No biggie, just went on with my bra and tucked the straps in. The first four dresses I tried on just weren't doing anything for me and I wasn't finding anything I really think went with my personality.  Amber was not working with me but overheard me talking to my sis and mom about how the dresses I had chosen were all wrong.  Amber took over the appointment and found out a little about me and came back with a dress for me to try.  She put me in it and zipped me up.  The curtain opened up and my mom and sister instantly said, "That's the dress. That is the best one."  I had been to another shop before we came to La Bella and I thought I had found "the one" already. I looked in the mirror and replied in a whiny voice, "It IS better. This IS the one" Amber took that extra minute to find out what I was looking for and I am SO freaking excited about my dress!!!! I will need to get it altered a tad smaller to my size once it arrives, but I'm OK with that. My dress is gorgeous and I am confident that my dress is exactly perfect for me and fits my personality.  SO thankful that Amber took over my appointment and put me in my wedding dress. ALSO- if you pay the full total same day, you get a discount!
5	Let's face it: as much as it is exciting, buying a wedding dress can be stressful, difficult, and downright frustrating at times. I'm so glad that I found La Bella Bridal.The first positive:  I met the staff at the '14 Bridal Expo at the convention center, and they were one of the only vendors that didn't spam my inbox. Wedding vendors can be predatory at times, but not this group of ladies. When I realized the shop was family owned, I was even more excited to give them my business.The rest of the good stuff: Amber is fantastic!  She went out of her way to make me feel comfortable.  She was warm, friendly, and made me feel confident throughout my appointment.  I was extremely picky and wanted something unique- not a typical bridal gown. Amber used her expertise to help me realize my vision.  She was able to assess my needs and deliver an individualized experience. She helped me anticipate alterations, tweaked existing gowns, and clipped me in like a pro. She answered all of my questions thoroughly and directly. The best part: she produced exactly what I was looking for (not something that they had on the floor) ... that was under my budget!I had scheduled an appointment at another boutique right after, and the experience did not compare. The rushed, haphazard service made me appreciate Amber and the rest of La Bella even more.For a budget friendly, beautiful wedding gown, I highly suggest visiting La Bella.
