5	Great Barbershop!  All of the Barbers are friendly and easy-going.  I enjoy going here monthly for a haircut and sometimes a shave too.If you try this place once, I'm sure you will be a repeat customer.  Saturdays get busy with walk-ins, but it's a great place to relax a bit before your haircut.  If you are in a hurry, try weekdays in the late afternoon.
5	If you went through the hands of David then you know how lucky you are.This is as old school as it gets. The man is on a mission for perfection, I wish my hair could grow faster so I could come more often.
5	Solid old school Barbershop.  I've been to several barbershops on this side of town trying to find a good one.  I think I've finally found my new barber.  Solid ambience, skilled and friendly barbers (who aren't afraid to strike up a conversation with you!), and a convenient location.  Tip: I went in the morning (before 10am), and the hustle and bustle of Kierland hadn't started yet.
4	I'm a fan of V's and while I normally go to the original location on Indian School, I decided to give this location a shot the other day. It's a very nice shop located at Kierland Commons and if I had a regular barber here I would probably be happy, but since I don't I walked in and just took whoever was available, which is where I take a little issue with the service.I mean, I know that this is a barber shop, not a hairstylist and I don't expect to have a long conversation about hairstyles, but when I tried to explain what I want, my guy's first question was about the setting I wanted on the clippers, i.e. "Did I want a 3 or a 4?" Umm, really? If I knew what setting was what I would probably be a barber myself, but since I'm not I think its his job to figure out which settings to use.Despite that, I was very happy with the way the haircut came out and I would certainly recommend this place. I just hope the barber's keep in mind that not everyone has the same knowledge they do. That's why we pay them for their skills.
3	Mixed feelings. Ran into a former management type on a cruise ship and he told me when in Scottsdale I needed to go to this barber shop to get a great haircut. I probably wouldn't have but he followed up with a gift card. I called him to thank him and he told me to walk in and I would be taken care of. I did and explained my gift card and showed the Mario's business card to David. I thought I was getting the $45 service since I explained that was what Mario told me he gave me.  The half hour was great: excellent haircut, a shave I didn't need but which impressed the wife, shoe shine, offer for a shampoo which I declined three hours after I washed my hair. I also got a massage of sorts which I didn't expect. I also didn't expect a $70 charge less the $45 gift card. I paid the balance plus the $20 tip I was intending to give. It was a great experience but I didn't plan to spend that much. At the time I was thinking $45 every time I am in Scottsdale isn't that much. Afterward I was thinking I might not come back. Obviously I had a communication problem. I don't want to be put in a position of having a significantly higher bill when I expected  to pay a different price.  But the service was great if there had been better communication.
5	I've been taking my son to V's for years...he loves it, always leaves feeling pampered and refreshed. Ariel comes highly recommended.
5	Chad F's comment was a complete lie, I was the man In the chair and the manager, Ariel, and the whole staff was nothing but accommodating and beyond expectation. I would definitely recommend this place, they preform great cuts and a great experience.
5	Ariel has been cutting my hair for probably 4-5 years, picked me up after my original guy left. He gets busy, because he is GOOD. I usually walk in with no problem, unless its important in which case I will call ahead...but have been asked to come back later to keep me from waiting sometimes when he has other appointments. When I come back for my appointment there is a seat waiting and I get a great hair cut. Never an issue. You just have to be a considerate, patient human being, realize the world doesn't always revolve around you, plan ahead if needed, sometimes wait your turn and you get GREAT service. I highly recommend this V's if you want a great CONSISTENT haircut each time and are looking for a Barbershop with professionals.
4	Great haircut, good customer service, nice location in Kierland shops.  Overall very happy and good experience.
5	I have been getting my hair cut @V's for close to 6 years now and wouldn't go anywhere else. The entire staff is great, Ariel is absolutely amazing and highly recommended.
5	I have been coming here for years and wouldn't go anywhere else. Great Staff!  Great Service! Ariel is the best!
5	David is the BEST!!! He has been cutting my sons hair since he was a baby and never disappoints! Highly recommended! Some may say its a lot of money for just a kids cut but you get what you pay for!
5	Ariel is the best! Been coming here off and on for the past 7 years. Always greeted with a hello and always the best shave and cut in town. They are a busy bunch of guys so don't get discouraged if you have to wait a bit, they will get to you and it will be worth the wait!Chad F.. Your review is a joke...
5	Ariel is the man and V's is great.  I have been going here for years.  Ariel does an excellent job, the prices are reasonable, and the service is great.  Ariel gets busy so appointments are recommended.  He is alway ready at appointment time.  Highly recommended.
1	Worst haircut I have ever had I don't understand how these people are still in business if your old and you want a boring haircut go to V's if your young and you want a nice haircut don't let your foot step in there. They will also get mad at you if you ask them to cut your hair a little shorter after there done 20 bucks 30 dollar tip first time and last time I just hope you people can learn from the mistake that I made.
5	Comfortable atmosphere, witty banter from the barbers and a sharp haircut!  Always come out looking and feeling fresh!  Been going to Ariel for a few years and will continue to do so for many more to come!
1	I rated them a 1 star if they even deserve that after today's incident. This place is terrible. I came as a walk in today. I got scooped up by some man outside the store. He took me directly to his chair and began the chopping, my interests were put LAST. PLEASE for the love of god all men who are styling their hair in a flattop/hardpart or pompadour go ELSEWHERE. This shop is only a STANDARD barber that cannot do anything more than a Scottsdale spike doo and a mediocre fade. The barber was so shaky I thought he has some type of aliment in his hands. Thanks to him I ended up shaving his poor work off my head. NEVER coming back or ever recommending to ANYONE. Very upset.
