5	TJ has been working on my cars for the better part of 10 years . He has something you don't find in most mechanics and thats honesty. You won't find a better mechanic in Phoenix !
5	I took my car in for a second opinion after having been told elsewhere, that my car's cooling system was totally doomed.  TJ took my car in (shuttle service home) and several hours later, PROBLEM SOLVED!!! The assessment was free (FREE) of charge and his estimate on the big fix was hundreds less than the other guys and even included other value added services that could easily be tended to while repair was underway!   I was completely impressed with his skill set, work ethic (it was 9am on Memorial Day), his integrity, professionalism and honesty.  He was easy to communicate with and did I mention he fixed my doomed car? I highly recommend the team at Kinkade's Auto Repair.  These guys know what they are doing & do it well!
5	Recently, I received an estimate for a small repair from my Toyota dealership.  Luckily, I decided to get a second opinion and have the repair done somewhere else.  I had a great experience working with PJ at Kincaids.  They were fast, friendly and efficient.  I would highly recommend them to anyone in the downtown area.
5	I go there all the time for honest quotes and repairs. He does an amazing job and its fairly quick! Also, he has a free shuttle so he took me back home until my car was finished with a car wash! Highly recommended and would return there!
5	I am so glad that I have found a reliable and honest car repair shop in Phoenix.  Kinkade's offers fair and competitive pricing as well as quality service in a short amount of time.  Everyone should bring their car to Kinkade's if you want reasonable prices, dependable workmanship, and excellent service.
5	My car had been neglected for years.  Knowing that I needed to replace my engine mounts, I have had several places look at my car and always gave me an outrageous quote.  Never wanting to spend that much for my car it went untreated for years.  So when I finally decided enough is enough I started looking for places to have my car get a once over.  I came across Kinkade's auto shop and stopped my search. TJ took the time to listen to what I thought was wrong and also explained that they provided a free diagnostic without having to agree to repairs if I didn't want any.  A very nice no pressure approach that was very refreshing.  I decided to take my car in on my lunch break. And was pleasantly surprised that they offered a free shuttle service.  Before the end of the day TJ was able to call and tell me what needed done now, what was recommended soon and what could be put off for some time.  I had originally planned on taking my car for a second opinion but after discussing it with TJ I realized this was the shop to use.  By the end of the next day, my engine mounts were fixed, my oil changed, new brakes and so much more, it's was like I had a new car again.  Once the car was finished they picked me up at my house and took me to my car. Throughout the whole process everyone I encountered was extremely professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. TJ even took the time to recommend some awesome places to visit downtown since I recently moved to the area.  This is definitely an auto shop that cares about the customers and doing the job right.  I am so happy I found them and will definitely return the next time something is needed as well as recommending them to everyone.
5	While on the way to Moab in my off road jeep, I noticed a serious steering malfunction.  TJ took me right in and fixed the problem.  Randy, one of Kincade's mechanics who worked on my jeep,  also lubricated all of the grease fittings on my highly modified vehicle.  He found a couple of fittings that required the rear drive shaft to be dropped and did those as well.  This level of diligence saved me from a mechanical failure while rock crawling.Not only are these guys great mechanics, they were very polite.  Also their office and shop facilities were very clean.If I lived in Phoenix, I would take all my vehicles to Kincade's for maintenance and repair work.  Thx again, TJ and Randy!
5	My Service Engine Light came on, and new to the area. I resorted to Yelp to look for a dependable mechanic.Their business was busy for today, being Thursday. But TJ (the owner) was happy to a diagnostic when I walked into the shop. I like the idea of small-business mechanics, that work their own front desk. I've been to plenty of other shops, that have a receptionist at front, while the mechanic is in the back working on your car.Turns out it was a sensor underneath the engine block. TJ explained that the part itself wasn't costly, it's the labor. So seeing that it wasn't a simple repair, he was nice enough to clear out the service light for me, and that if it goes on again, and the same diagnostic test comes out, then it's time to do the repair.I like the idea that the mechanic is able to work with you. Usually, mechanics will pressure you to do the work therein, bcuz it brings in business for them.But for the meantime, I'll be saving for that repair money for that rainy day. And for any future car repairs, it's nice to have peace of mind knowing that I'm not getting ripped off at the car shop.
4	Visited Kinkade's with a prepaid $15 oil change coupon, with the intention of checking out the shop for future business.  Have another trusted mechanic, but needed to find someone more conveniently located.  They did a great thorough job with the oil change, but more importantly, correctly diagnosed a couple of problems and presented a no-pressure estimate and priority suggestions.  I did end up bringing my vehicle back and basically got 4 jobs done for a little less than I was prepared to spend for 3.  They were quick, communicated well, and I was able to work out a schedule where I could drop the vehicle in the morning, pick it up after work to take it home, and bring it back the next day.  Was impressed with the honest pricing (I always compare new shops with my regular mechanic) and the no-pressure explanations.  Provided the repairs last (so far so good!), I thoroughly recommend TJ and the team at KinKade's.  Don't let the location scare you -- it's clean, big, and your vehicle will receive good care.
5	I've used this shop several times, They know what they are doing, they don't quote you outrageous prices, He is honest and tells you about recalls on your vehicle  and saves you money.Thank you, Chevy replaced the steering column for free, He goes out of his way to drop you off and pick you up when the car is done. I don't even live close to the shop. Courtesy Chevrolet tried to do quote me anywhere from $600 to $2500 for a vapor leak, Tj told me the car is done and it's going to be $20 for a factory gas cap,  (NOW THATS HONESTY!!!) Thank You Kinkades Auto Shop
5	A mechanic who is honest, treats his customers superb, and provides excellent workmanship! TJ and his team of professionals have serviced both of our cars, and have provided an excellent service every time, including times when one car was towed there for unscheduled maintenance. TJ goes far beyond the standard definition of customer service, including providing transportation from their location back to the Deer Valley area when the car was in for extended work. I can't say enough about them. The most recent fix was a reconditioning of my headlights, which were so hazy that another body shop didn't even want to work on them. The other alternative would have been new headlight assemblies, and at 1800 installed, the service that TJ and Randy performed was worth twice that, and the cost significantly less.
5	Bunch of nice guys. The boss came out and helped the mechanic. A can on the road had dented our bumper and tore some plastic off the bottom. They removed the plastic and pushed the bumper back out all for free. 10/10 would recommend
5	I owe TJ and the whole crew at Kinkade's a huge thank you. I brought my truck to them because it was leaking coolant and had never run quite right. They quickly replaced my radiator and retuned my carburetor so that my truck is running better than it ever has before. On top of all of this, the price they charged was very, very fair and less than I expected to pay for all that was done. I couldn't be a happier customer; I wouldn't hesitate to bring your car or truck to Kinkades.
5	Came in to check on my AC to see why it wasn't blowing very cold. They did it for free and topped it off. Also, fixed my tail light. All for free! :]
5	Great first experience, will edit my review with an update the next time my car falls apart. :)
5	This place was awesome.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The price was right and I will be using this place from now on for auto repair.
5	Great location, excellent service and friendly staff.  TJ and his team are very professional and get the job done.  Definitely recommended.
5	TJ, the owner, may be one of the nicest, most understanding business owners in the downtown Phoenix area. He got me in last minute after work right before they were going to stop taking cars in because my oil needed changed and the tire pressure light was on. He estimated my cost and then gave me a small discount for using Yelp. I had forgotten about the check in offer but he made sure I got it!    My tire pressure light did not turn off after my visit, so after several messages back and forth and him continuously being patient and saying he could check it all I went back and had another great experience with fast and friendly service.
5	I came here because it was close to work and had some good yelp reviews. Wonderful customer service from the time I came in until the time I came to pick up my car. TJ was very professional, helpful, and knowledgable. I shall return!
5	Ive had two awesome experiences with tj at kinkades. I purchased a certified preowned hyundai sonata at a local dealership recently. Brought it into another local mechanic who said it had been submerged in water. Brought the car back to the dealership crying, angry and totally disgusted. The dealership vehemently denied this, but at this point i wasn't going to trust anyone at the dealership. We brought the car to kinkades for an honest, neutral opinion. Even though tj was super busy that day he took the time to talk with the dealership service representative, my dad ( who was helping me through the process), and me. He looked for signs of water damage ( found none) and gave an explanation for why the other mechanic gave that opinion. He even recommended a guy to do the window tint on my car. A profound thanks to you TJ. I will be bringing all my future business to you.
5	I cannot recommend Kinkade's enough TJ and the team really go above and beyond on customer service, they communicate to you in warm and professional manner. On both of my visited they have exceeded all my expectations.I always feel like I was never going to be overcharge or be forced to get any unnecessary work done to my car. High recommend for a great garage in downtown Phoenix.
5	Have brought my truck here twice, had the AC compressor replaced in a day. Brought it back in , unscheduled, for a strange sound under the hood, TJ diagnosed it and repaired it within an hour , replacing a worn pulley for a small charge. Great service both times and what seems to be fair pricing. This is my go to shop from now on anytime I have vehicle issues.
5	Brief update: I was headed out on a road trip when I saw a large puddle of liquid underneath my truck. Brought it over to Kinkade's and TJ replaced my fuel line and got me on my way within an hour. I can't say enough about the customer service that TJ and his crew provides.
