4	The silhouette of the man smoking a pipe on the wooden marquee outside the store caused me to make several assumptions.  I imagined that I would step inside and see a man with a fancy glass follicle in one eye, he would say, "Good evening, young sir.  How can I be of assistance?"  Then again, maybe a man would be seated in a mahogany colored leather chair with a long ivory pipe shooting from his mouth, nose deep in a copy of a Faulkner novel.  Not at all, there were a bunch of older guys hanging out on some plush chairs in the center of the shop puffing on stogies.  The air was covered with a thin blend of various cigar smoke and pipe tobacco.  I am not a connoisseur, but I thought all of the prices were acceptable, and they really had a great selection.  If you are new, you might want to pick up a copy of Aficionado magazine, the Blues Brothers are on the front (it's not real without John Belushi).  The owner of the store recommended a plastic bag humidifier since I was new to the game; it would keep my cigar fresh for 60 days.  You will like this place, but don't expect them to come up to you and give you suggestions.  As Al put it, "It is really all about individual taste."
4	I am no aficionado by any means. This is based strictly by witnessing my husband's experience. The employees were friendly and helped to pick out a few choice items.It's a small, cozy space with chairs to smoke. They have a lot of pipes (which I have no business picking up, but it entertained me while waiting for my husband to pick out some cigars). I'm sure this is an ideal man-cigar-smoker hang out and it doesn't seem like a lot of women frequent the place. So hey, ladies, looking for a guy...the ratio here is in your favor!The smoke from the place permeates every fiber of your being...and hours afterwards. Just be warned if you have somewhere fancy to go and are debating on whether to stop here first.
5	I think this place is great. I smoke a pipe, so I found it particularly attractive. They have a great selection of pipe tobacco blends, and a good cigar selection. I used to live in Charlotte, I've moved to San Diego now, but I still order their McCranies's tobacco blends. I recommend the McArris blend, it is an exceptional. The atmosphere of the shop is authentic, and comfortable. They experience is all that is manly. When you walk in you are met by the smell of fine tobaccos and hard wood. They have a beautiful array of pipes. The service is great!Pipe smoking,as I have learned it, is almost an art form. It can have its difficulties, like keeping the pipe lit, packing the tobacco properly, and how to avoid tongue-bite. Many of the little things that make pipe smoking less pleasurable can be fixed if  you learn to do it right. A year ago, when I went to McCranies's to buy my first pipe I asked the guy behind the counter to for a few pointers on how to smoke a pipe. He helped me out, and solved all the problems I had had. I find it much easier to smoke a pipe now, and it has helped me develop a comfortable method of smoking. I highly recommend this place!Also, check out Sir Edmond Halley's pub right near by.
4	Note that the shop is not in the strip mall but in a building in the parking lot of the strip mall.  Also, closed on the weeknight I was there.
4	Everything you need to replenish your stogie supply!  They have a great size humidor with a large range of cigars of all prices.  The itty petitie cigarellos to the mama Montecristos.  The staff will pop in to the humidor if you are not finding what you are looking for and help you along.  You definitely don't want to be in the store a second longer than necessary because folks smoke their cigars in here and you will leave STINKING even if you are just in there for a few minutes.  BLEH.  But they also have everything else you could possibly need, butane lighters ($9.95), ash trays, cutters, humidors and humidor supplies.  Good prices - I always try to support local even though you could save a little dough at Total Wine.  We received expert advice for our humidor, instead of the silly gel packs, the staff told us to just dampen the interior of our humidor with a bit of water each week and voila!  No need for gel packs!  Thanks guys!
3	Tobacoo shop nestled in the parking lot, this place is pretty easy to overlook.  But once you walk through the doors you'll have no doubt where you are.  Hey, I grew up with my parents who were smokers so I know what it's like to be knocked down and choked out by smoke.  This place is an instant reminder of that feeling.  Someone please get the air circulation fixed so I don't feel like I'm above water scuba diving and holding my breath while I try to pick out a good cigar to smoke.  Other than that, the staff is super friendly and well educated.  They are very anxious to offer help if you have a question and guide you to a selection that will be just right!
4	Never been there but I do order bulk pipe tobacco on the phone. If your ever looking for a good tobacco that can beat "early morning pipe" by Dunhill, than order-up a pound or two of Daybreak. It's  the best blend for a pipe smoker who wants a great smoke first thing in the morning after breakfast while your on your second cup of coffee. I just hope that when they take my order next time, that they ask me for my email so I can get a conformation number and maybe they'll send this Yankee boy a little bit of  info on what's new.
4	Since I was in Statesville, I decided to make the foray down to Crown town to visit a legit pipe shop. "Garmin, please don't fail me now!"My trusty GPS guided me right to the Park Road shopping center. Problem is, I couldn't find the store, although I knew it was there - somewhere. I had forgotten that it is separate from the "mall" stores. After driving around the loop, I eventually stumbled onto the place - sitting out in the middle of the parking lot. ;o)CIGARS: OMG, they had five boxes of Fuente Fuente Opus X cigars open, and available as singles. Secondly, their selection of better quality pipes and pipe tobacco was pretty good. Dunhill pipes. Ser Jacopo. I found some tobacco that is not available anywhere on-line. This is primarily because McCranie's Pipe Shop prices are higher per tin than any of the major national sellers. I guess the rent is high at their Park Road location. C'est la vie! I'm willing to pay a few dollars more to be able to have what I want - story of my life, so far. ;o)All in all, McCranie's is a proper, classy, inviting, tobacco shop - well stocked, with excellent products, and extremely knowledgeable and courteous employees.
2	The selection is good. The smoke lounge does not exist so don't expect that....the lingering smoke and the non-existance chill space is the reason for my two stars. The hillbilly rocking chairs just don't do it for me. The staff is very.
