3	I might even go 3.25 stars here. Tried these guys last night for the first time. They had a big banner out that proclaimed "Any 12" Pizza $12." When I order pizza I want either; a. A tasty pie NY style. The closest I've found in the valley have been Grimaldi's and Mama Mia. Thin crust, minimal toppings, yum. b. A "regular" pizza with lots of toppings. I've been accused of having a salad bar on my pizza. This gets expensive so the offer advertised on the banner was promising. So I dropped in and ordered one to go with 3 toppings. Not bad. Medium body crust, mild sauce, not too tart or sweet. Plentiful toppings, cheese nicely browned. Tasty. I was disappointed when I realized they are a chain and I immediately had fears of a Peter Piper or Little Ceasar's type of pizza but this was distinctly better.
1	I went here while on vacation visiting my friend. Neither of us had been there before, but I know they have lots of locations on the west coast, so we gave it a try. The staff was totally rude. Before we went, we called to check the hours. The guy on the phone was patronizing and acted inconvenienced to have to give any information. The pizza was blah - totally generic and nothing special. If you're going to have mediocre food, you better have exceptional service. Double fail.
5	The owners or their people will cook your pizza any way you like it. Our family (with children) can relax and  the kids play with the games in a separate room. I gave it 5 stars because I really can get a family meal cooked and prepared the way I want it, half made for the kids and half for my wife and I. Their wings are baked not fried, so they are not too greasey. This place is family owned and operated and the dad knows our names and usually has quarters for our kids to play some games. Former U.S. Marines show up each Friday meet, eat, drink and play cards or dominoes. I mention this because two of our kids sit down and the Marines let them play with them. It cracks me up. Oh, the salad bar is pretty good too.
