4	My daughter has seen Dr. Nishihara since she was about 2-3 month's old when we moved to Las Vegas, she is now 3 years old. We will be moving out of state this summer and I hope that we are able to find a good doctor like Dr. Nishihara.....I have hope since he's given me a few name's of doctor's in the state we are moving to plus he used to live there and practiced medicine there. When I first started to take my daughter to him I asked him a question and his first response to me was like I was dumb and should know the answer, well you don't know everything when it's your first child. I've ready other reviews on other site's that say Dr. Nishihara is rude, arrogant and condescending. I can agree with that to some degree, but the man knows his stuff and he's great with my daughter. I want to take my daughter someplace where the doctor knows his stuff and is there for his patients not there just for a paycheck and doesn't care about the kids. I was out of state our first winter in Vegas and my daughter had been sick with a cough, I called the office on a weekend and left a message with the phone service and within 15 minute's the doctor had called me back. Another time my daughter was sick he even called me the next evening to make sure she was feeling better. What doctor's these day's do house calls?!?! I've never had an issue getting an appointment and when we get to the office we've only had to wait a couple of minute's at most twice. The office is clean. Each exam room has it's own theme. The doctor is very clean, he washes his hand's when he comes into the room and after he does something, even wipes the cord's down. Jennifer and Mo nae are his main nurse's and they're great as well. Dr. Nishihara might be a training doctor because there have been a couple time's that there's new people in along with the usual. I'm going to miss Dr. Nishihara and his staff when we move but will gladly refer him.
5	My kids have been going to Dr. Nishihara for 7 years now and we would never go anywhere else. I've always found him to be an incredibly caring and knowledgable doctor. When my daughter was hospitalized for a week, Dr. Nishihara was there every day, often with presents, and made sure that we were comfortable with the treatment plan decided by the specialists. I know that he genuinely loves my children, and you can't find better than that!
1	If I could give this less stars I would. Just moved to Vegas and made an appt for my daughter to see Dr Nishihara. I was unable to make the scheduled appt and called to let them know this. The receptionist put me on hold for 5 minutes and then set up a rescheduled appt for my daughter. 20 minutes later the same receptionist called me back to say that since I had not made the scheduled appt that she would be unable to honor our rescheduled appt! This is AFTER she had already rescheduled the appt!  I asked her if this meant that we would be unable to reschedule an appt with the doctor ever again and she said 'Yeah'. This is completely UNPROFESSIONAL! I feel as if I dodged a bullet though. Who wants a doctor for their child who is so unwavering and obnoxious? Not me! We will be taking our business elsewhere.
5	Dr. Nishihara is a very good pediatrician.  He still practices the old wives tales of not bringing your newborn baby out the first few months after birth, use only Draft detergent, use humidifier with bottled water, sanitize everything, etc.. Yes, it's kind of old fashion but it's for the good of the child!  He came in to my hospital room at dawn with a nose/mouth cover after I gave birth to my daughter and started wiping all surfaces with hospital-grade Lysol wipes, picked up our bags, phone chargers off the floor - my mom initially thought he was the cleaner.  He cares a lot about his patients.  My 3 and 8 y-o-daughters are excited when it's time to see the Dr. for their check up.  I like it that he runs a super tight schedule.  Always come in earlier than your appt time.  If you're late more than 5 minutes, he won't see you.  I like this a lot better compared to other offices that make you wait 30-40 min at the waiting room and another 10-20 min inside the room.  With Meadows Pediatrics, if your appt is set at 2:30, get there at 2:20 and you will be out of there before 3.  They don't schedule multiple patients at a given time to keep their waiting room free of sick kids that may pass on the bug to others.  So glad that we're able to become his patients.  When we call him after hours or see him at the office for a sick child issue, he personally ALWAYS call back the following day to make sure everything is ok.  Thanks Dr. Nishihara and staff!  Great doctor, great staff, great office.  Unfortunately, they don't accept new patients at all times.  So if you can get him as your kids' pediatrician, that's really good.
5	I consider doctor Ryan the best doctor in town, super professional, the perfect timing of the appointments( I never had to wait more than a minute or two) shows the respect for the parents, the little ones and the profession ...He takes his time to awnser all the questions that we parents can have! When I had one of my babies sick over the weekend, I called his office, and no more than 20 minutes he called me back, helped me and next day did a courtesy call to see how my baby was doing, that is just priceless, showing that he really cares.My kids love him, he is funny and his staff is really nice , friendly and helpful.I highly recommend him to anyone with kids or parents to be, he is a great pediatrician!!!
1	I chose this doctor because of the reviews and because we are both from Hawaii, but have recently changed to another doctor. This doctor is so rude and has no manners!! This was the worst pediatrician I have ever been to! The office staff  is very unprofessional as well. Absolutely no professionalism over the phone.  What kind of operation are they running here? Normally I stick with and defend my fellow Hawaii people, but this doctor and his staff, are the worst! Auwe!
1	Dr nishihara is absolutely horrible and unprofessional.  He talkes to his patients in a very disrespectful, blunt, rude and demeaning way! One goes to a dr to be treated with dignity and respect, and to receive medical service not to be talked down to like you are a 5 year old. Terrible!
5	I have only been to MP once so my review is based on that experience in setting the appointment, email and telephone conversations with his staff beforehand and then finally the interaction I had with the Dr. and his staff on the day of the one appointment.  I actually have nothing but good things to say.  We are going to stay with this Dr. and are looking forward to his advice and care for our two young children.  Unfortunately, we were forced into a position of having to look around for a new pediatrician during a time when my daughter was sick.  MP was great and professional and caring and I really liked how Dr. Nishihara was present when he was supposed to be present (as opposed to the Dr. we tried right before this one and waited hours (yes, hours) before we were seen).  I did not experience anything negative like what other reviewers mentioned.  The office was clean and nicely decorated in a child-appropriate decor and everyone was friendly and professional.  The Dr. didn't seem rushed and took the time to examine my daughter in a friendly way while explaining to me what he was finding.  Plus, I am glad this Dr. is strict on time.  He respects your time & you respect his.  I don't see that as a negative.  We are hopeful.  It's tough to find a mix of a good Dr. with a good office and great staff.  I think we found it here!
5	My kids love Dr. Nishihara.  They get excited when I tell them they are going to the doctor.  As a parent, he makes me feel like he knows my child and really cares about them.  He always finds a way to get your sick child in for a visit.  When we landed in the ER, he showed up to check on my daughter.  He always follows up over the weekend when your child has a sick visit during the week.  Yes.  Do not be late.  It's rude.  He is never late, and expects you not to be either.  He has a very clean office with all sorts of kid decorations.  My kids feel comfortable there.  His staff has always been wonderful.  There have been a few new hires recently that may not know how great they need to be, but I'm sure they will catch on quickly.  Overall, I think he is the best here in Vegas.
5	We love MP and so do our three children.  After reviewing the negative reviews, I have to say that we love MP for the very same reason others provided negative feedback.  I love the fact that there is never a wait to see Dr. Nishihara.  His waiting room rarely has any patients sitting around waiting to be seen.  I assume that this is the result of wisely scheduling patients and expecting each patient to be on time.  I strongly prefer a doctor that requires you be on time to a doctor that makes you wait in the waiting room only to move you to the exam room to wait some more.  Once there, Dr. Nishihara and his staff are awesome.  When my children are sick, I never have any concern about getting them in to see Dr. Nishihara.  I believe that he anticipates that there will be emergency visits and schedules accordingly.  My only comment is that at times, Dr. Nishihara is very conservative in his approach.  For example, he is meticulous about germs . However, these are the exact qualities that I want in the person who is providing medical care to my children.I strongly recommend Dr. Nishihara to anyone who is looking for a pediatrician.
1	***WARNING*** Dr. Nishihara can and will help your children, that's only if you don't mind being disrespected in front of them and brought to tears on some visits.  He is rude and obviously has no children of his own. I will no longer be seeing this Doctor because I feel we have been in a verbally abusive relationship and are finally free of the bullying despite his education.
4	We moved to Dr. Nishihara from another pediatrician in town and we are so happy we did!  It is very interesting to see what people do not like about him since that is exactly why we love him for our daughter.  Dr. Nishihara has a very conservative, basic approach to children and I love that she gets to hear things from him that she doesn't always listen to coming from me!  I don't find it rude at all that he gives her advice like, "make sure you always wear a helmet when you are riding your bike."  It keeps me in check on things that I should be doing and let's her hear this basic advice from someone she truly respects.  She loves going to the Dr because of him and at 4 years old, I find that a great thing.  I will continue to take my children there and recommend Dr Nishihara to anyone who asks.  I love that the office is clean and never crowded and that they hold everyone accountable for appointments, as they are always keeping up their end of the deal.
5	We love MP!  My OBGYN recommended Dr Nishihara to us in 2004 and I am so thankful to her.  He is the best Dr he goes above and beyond.  When I've taken my kids in because they are sick usually within a day or two he calls me himself to check on them.  When I've had to call after hours sometimes in the middle of the night within in 5min he is returning our call.  When my son was born prematurely even though the NICU dr was over seeing his care he came to the hospital and sat with us and explained everything that was going on with our son he took the time to put us at ease no one else took the time to explain what was going on it was a very stressful time.  He continued to come and check in on our son until he was released even though he wasn't officially his patient.  We will forever be grateful to him for that!  Yes he is blunt and to the point but who wants a dr that beats around the bush.. Don't be late to your appt simple as that and in return you won't spend an hour waiting to be seen....  We simply couldn't ask for a better Dr.!
4	Dr. Nishihara is AMAZING. He is the kid whisperer, seriously.  My daughter is timid around strangers and even more so around doctors. I think she generally associated doctors with getting shots.  Anyway, he really knows how to talk to her and get her talking up a storm.  He is great.  I will say that he tends to talk to her and not to me. A little strange but I think sometimes in life, if you are good with kids you are less good with adults.  That is the 4 stars instead of 5.  It is a little off putting, but I can deal.  Also, as others have said, DO NOT BE LATE.  This is a good thing, because indeed you never have to wait for him.  I accidentally missed an appointment, shame on me truly, and he let me know he was not pleased.  I am lucky they are keeping me as a patient and he would be right to kick me to the curb.  Again, great doctor. Amazing with kids.  A little strange as he talks to and "through" your child.
5	I decided to write a review because he is by no means a 3.5 star doctor. I took my daughter to him after he initial check up with another pediatric doctor (whose office was dirty and also treated adults who were very sick and dirty). We have used him for over 4 years and always had excellent results. He sets up his schedule to have same day slots available for emergency/same day visits. There is usually no wait time. He makes sure you understand what's going on with your child, and I never feel rushed. He is very through. He makes sure he has clean hands at all times. If you are in need of a pediatric doctor I would definitely at least try him for yourself, I am sure you will be pleased! Also for the reviews that say he is rude or disrespectful....I have never experienced this and I am a customer service/bedside manner stickler. I am actually taking my 17 year stepson to him also, if I could I would let him handle my whole family.
1	8 1/2 years of going to him and we had had enough of his verbal abuse.
1	The office staff is rude and unprofessional.I will be taking my kids elsewhere.
