4	This is definitely the place to go if you need a Vegas souvenir as they have close to everything.  Of course, they didn't have the item I was looking for, but to be fair, nobody else did, either.  I guess it doesn't exist!
5	LOVE this place.. we come here every time we come to Vegas.. you can find anything and everything here for a souvenir!
5	Great PlaceI bought a hat there.When I returned to my hotel I sat down to play a slot machine next to an older slot jockey.He stopped playing, looked at me, and said, "How much did you pay for that hat?"When I told him he responded, "You got ripped off."
5	Fantastic!I got something for everyone here.There is this adorable little lady named Cherry that works here.She is a hoot! And so sweet!We told her we were going to San Francisco and she reccommended places.She was so nice. I wish I knew her.Another worker, Devin was very nice as well.They have everything and they are so nice. Some is cheap, some is pricey, but worth it. Cherry and Devin, keep up the great work!!
1	This is not the first time I've been here, but this time, was treated rudely. My husband has a camera backpack and he walked in past the lady at the front who is supposed to check your bags. She looked at us, didn't say anything, so we proceeded into the store. We begin browsing and I notice this security guard following us around. He followed us and kept staring, making me feel awkward shopping. After a few minutes he approaches my husband asking if he checked in with the lady up front about his backpack. So my husband went to check with her and she said it's fine. Strike 1.Looking around for gifts and there isn't much more than the chotsky type dust collectors. Strike 2.The coolest thing I found was used playing cards from the now closed Sahara. Awesome. Grabbed a bunch and headed to the register planning to use my card. My card is under my maiden name and my ID is in my married name. Not once my whole trip did I have a problem using that til here. I was honest and informed them about the name difference but the lady refused to accept it. Seriously? My card is signed, my signature is on my ID and you can clearly see the signatures are the same except for my last name. StrIke 3.First time I went, great experience. Sorry for getting married and having a different name because it was such a liability to you. Isn't Vegas the place to get married? Thanks for treating me like a criminal from the moment I stepped in the store up to the moment I cashed out. Never again.
5	Best souvenir shop in Vegas by far.  Everything, from tourist play cards to used cards and chips from actual casinos.  I picked up used cards and dice from some old-time Vegas casinos and a pictorial book "Vegas, Then & Now" and just love the history and changes of this city.
2	I think they have a sign that says they are the biggest one in the world, but I can say for sure that they are not. I know plenty of stores that have more stuff.Don't use such a sign if you are not for sure the biggest one as I was going in with this in mind and after 5 minutes I was already at the end.They have some nice things, but they didn't had what I was looking for, so I just can tell you what I saw without spending money there.
4	First time in Vegas? THIS is the place to stop.Right on the strip, huge parking lot, HUGE store.Prices suprisingly cheap and anything from flashy to trashy can be found here.Ashtrays, snow globes, liscence plates, t shirts, shot glasses, they have everything!It gets pretty full, but they have a lot of registers, the staff is nice, worth a stop for any tourist.
3	If you need some really gaudy Las Vegas souvenirs at a great price.  This is the place.  If you need a huge selection of stuff to bring to friends, this is also the place.  Great prices and great selection.  This is a massive store that has plenty for everyone!Selection - 5 starPrice - 5 StarAmbiance - 2 StarLocation - 2 StarService - 1.5 StarI have been here a few times, but I just feel so negative after leaving here.  I bring family and friends that need souvenirs, so for this it is great.  Just not a fun place to be, it is not an environment that I want to hang out in.That being said, I will be coming back. Just be prepared that the Ambiance, location and service are iffy at best.
1	I have been to Vegas several times, and do my fair sure of souvenir shopping in this town. The cabby recommended this place so I gave it a try. I was amazed of the infinite amount of items displayed wall to wall, packed and over stuffed on each shelf.As I am shopping around, wondering how many items can I  purchase, that will fit in my bag for carry on, when I see the standard sign of "you break it you buy it...no such thing has breakage insurance." Ok, I can understand it's Vegas and drunk people break things. I on the other hand will not touch anything (because I have spent a lot of money as it is on taxi rides) and only want to buy a few things, so I clutched my bag to my chest and waited for people to walk out of the narrow aisles; just in the off chance me and someone bump into each other one of us would be held responsible. As I was turning into a narrow isle, the plastic half mannequin was sticking out on the edge of a shelf (carefully trying to walk by it) knocked it over onto the floor as well two plastic tin containers. I quickly checked to make sure everything was ok, bad enough you feel embarrassed, everyone halted and gasped. All of a sudden a sheriff  walks up to check out the scene. No joke. I am an honest person, and I know if I am at fault. I would have been happily to pay if anything broke. I am looking around and the staff are angrily staring me down. I had a few things I was excited to buy, I put them down and left. The customer service there is completely disrespectful, and rude. I over hear the sheriff talking to his partner, and staring ate as if I had Committed the worse crime ever. If you value buying cheesy souvenirs that you may/may not use but must have it, don't buy them here. Besides all of this, their stuff over priced for a discount store. I have found cheaper items at walgreens and the other shops along the strip. Save your time and money for a better place.
5	We found cute souvenirs, reasonably priced.  The staff was friendly and helpful.....especially Angie!!! A couple very important items fell out of my wallet when I paid cash....and she went above and beyond to locate me & return them!!!  I am grateful and appreciate her honesty and efforts!!  There are more people who are greatkindcaring than those creating grief.  Thank you Angie!
3	While they do indeed have every single piece of junk cheesy little souvenir made in China (and then some) it's just a fluorescent, plasticy, over crowded, nasty crap hole. I gave it three stars because of the volume of crap they stuff into one building.  Also, if you are on a budget their prices are reasonable.
