4	Visiting for a few days, my wife and I got a week-long visitor pass.  Yes, we had to talk with the sales guys, but they were very cool about the whole thing.  No pressure, and they knew we were going to be here for just a week.The club is packed with exercise and weightlifting equipment on the ground floor, and ringed by ellipticals and treadmills on the top.  Also on the ground floor there are racquetball courts and an exercise studio.  So far we have run the treadmills and taken a not-so-easy cardio weightlifting class.  Worked up a great sweat and enjoyed the atmosphere.The clientele are all either in good shape (my wife) or working on it (me), but the mood of the place is pleasant, and there is no muscle-head or aerobics-beauty vibe going on - people are here to exercise and have a little fun.Boys, if you are not married and do not know this already, here is some sage advice - take some of the cardio classes.  In my class today there was 1 guy and over 20 women.  You do the math!
1	The facility is nice BUT the staff.   Not so much.......
4	I am really impressed by this facility. Every machine you could want, Racquetball courts, The best spin bikes anywhere, large arobics room, free weights, TV's on the cardio some with ipod hookups, pool, spa and a steam room.Sure the staff may be incompetent, and the sales people are probably very shady, but luckily I was grandfathered in from PureFiness and rarely deal with either. One of the biggest negatives for me is the parking lot. There are more speed bumps in the parking lot  per 100 feet than you will see in your whole day. I do not know why they felt it necessary to put so many of them. I can not drive my convertible here due to them.I also am unsure about the aroma of the free weight area in back, To me it smells like a barn, but I think it is due to the glue used on the floor. Either way I do hope it dissipates soon.The machines are nice they usually have two to three of each type of machine with the latest being the eclipse line that are very smooth and easily adjustable.The spin bikes are great, very smooth, digital read outs and so far 100% functional.A small grip with the TV's on the cardio equipment is the channel selection. News stations sports, E and some anti acne channel. I would be happier with the local mix of channels.The pool area is nice with a three lane lap pool, sizable spa, and steam room. They are cleaned nightly but there are some grimy spots that could use a bit more attention.
4	Not sure what your expectations are, but this is a gym. I go to workout so I'm not really concerned with how nice the staff is. Having said that I don't remember anyone being rude to me.Yes from 5-6:30 the gym is pack, not sure what you're expecting. I'm not paying for Lifetime Fitness. The gym was remodeled in 2010 and there are definitely enough machines to keep waiting down to a minimum.The classes are pretty good, but sometimes hit or miss. They don't cost extra so it's not a big deal.As far as LA Fitness locations go this is my favorite. Better than Dobson/WarnerPriest/ElliottUniversity/RuralI have paid for a trainer here, they are pretty good, but overall could be better. These trainers are understandably geared toward people who need help/motivation not people who really want to get in top notch shape.
1	First impression: This place smells like a locker room. YUCK!  After visiting other gyms to price shop, I immediately noticed the odor here compared to the other gyms I visited. The General Manager was rude and pushy and ended up giving me a lecture about how to look for gyms when I didn't like the $199 initiation fee he wanted to charge.  I won't be frequenting this establishment any time soon.
4	I only go to this gym during the day on my lunch hour (it's right next to my work) so I am not sure about the after work crowds but during the day it is never over crowded. I love this particular LA fitness because the treadmills have TV's built in (vs. the LA Fitness by my house which just has over head hanging TV's pre-set on different channels)The locker rooms are clean and since I have yet to buy a lock I always leave my clothes, etc. in an open locker and have never had any problems with theft or tampering. The  best part is the personal trainers have never approached me about purchasing training, etc. in my book clean + personal TV's + open machines & uninterrupted workouts is everything I need in my gym experience!
3	I give it three stars because two would be unfair.  Pros: nice, new, clean, well-maintained equipment and facilities, lots of variety, classes, etc.  Cons: house music selected by 12 year old girls, staff is neutral, i'm not sure that is a con, better than being pushy.
1	So, I visited this LA Fitness on a guest pass, to see how I liked the facility. Thank God I never paid anything to go there. When I showed my guest pass, I had to present it to a young kid sitting at a desk who said he'd take my driver's license that day, as an exchange and I'd just have to get it from him when I was done with my class. I thought it was weird that I didn't actually get an official pass, but whatever. So, I return the next day and of course, it was an issue. Not only that the GM basically reprimanded me for something his own worker failed to do AND called me a liar. When I produced my guest pass on my phone, he annoyingly tossed it back at me. When he asked why I didn't have a membership already, I told him that I kinda work at a fitness studio. He insulted my place of work by saying, he had never heard of it. Obviously, he hasn't it's a women's only dance studio. Then he preceded to pitch me membership options and tell me about his son that is going to be a big rapper. Really? I never returned to finish my 9 days left of my guest pass, even that wasn't worth it. Just the fact that LA Fitness employs complete degenerates to run one of their locations doesn't bode well for the company itself. And judging from the lack of good reviews for this place without anything being changed, well, I'm not sure I trust LA Fitness at all.As for the 2 classes that I took, they were ok but the mats that they provide are ridiculous - they're clearly not cleaned and most of them are ripped apart.
2	I was a member of LA Fitness for about six months. In short, I don't have anything against them but I do not feel they are the best place to train, nor have I been impressed with their business practices.When I showed up, like many I did so expecting to receive a two-week pass to try them out. I was sat down by a young woman who explained to me that "You look pretty fit, you don't really need to try it out, do you?" I said "Yes, I really do." In a typical hard-sale case, she brought over the gym manager, "Rock." Rock wrote down several numbers and what-if's on a piece of paper. I thanked him,  but insisted on a trial period before I signed anything. They were very frustrated, and just about demanded I sign up then and there or leave. It was even a battle to get that piece of paper out of his hands, so I could take it home and sleep on it. Since my wife and I live so close, we ended up signing a month-to-month contract. The price was $60 for both of us, plus a little extra if we wanted towels. I found out later that a racquetball court premium had been added to the contract, something I had not asked for but did end up using.The gym itself is adequate for some purposes. There are plenty of cardio machines, two free standing squat racks, one power rack, and the usual assortment of machines. I personally train like a powerlifter, a la Mark Rippetoe, Grey Skull, or Jim Wendler. If you don't know, that basically means I hover around the squat racks and do most of my work there, squatting deep and pressing heavy. The best part of LA FItness? I never had to wait for a squat rack! I could usually even get the power rack during rush hour, which is quite convenient.For weightlifters, steer clear. They only have the octagonal plates which roll into your shins when you're deadlifting, and there is not enough room near the racks to clean or snatch in any conceivable fashion without impaling someone with an olympic bar. To some this is the standard in a commercial gym, but as the months went on it got very frustrating. To their benefit, I never had any trainers give me trouble, they were too busy having bored housewives do bosu ball dumbell presses and other nonsense. Which leads me to my only real beef with LA Fitness: the way lone women are hunted like gazelles in the African summer. Numerous times my wife was squatting, only to have some emaciated munchkin come up to her and ask why she was going below parallel. Normally a paradigm of polite behavior, she actually had to curse at patrons a few times to get them to leave her alone. I had to start escorting her to the power rack just so she would be left alone. Ridiculous! Where was the staff? The trainers knew what was going on, but being too busy wasting peoples' money they never interceded, even when she clearly was being harassed right next to an employee. Most patrons of LA Fitness treat it like a social club. Headbands and yoga pants are the norm, and many are there more to chat up their friends than train. If that's your thing, hey, go for it, but my gym membership is so I can train, not high-five next to the decline while you have your three buddies spot your half-reps of 135.We have since moved up the road to Gold's. The staff is friendlier, people there actually train, and my wife can work out without being harassed by bro's. The only real reason to hold an LA membership is for the swimming pool and racquetball courts, if that's your thing.
1	It's hot and muggy after noon. They can't turn down the AC because it's controlled by the corporate office. Towels are extra, so many don't have one and sweat all over. Save your $ for a gym that uses the AC.
5	This place has a bigger dance room rather than other places.
1	24 Dec 2012     actually a 1/2 of a star   for business practices.                                                                                                                                                     I been a member of La Fitness since 1999.  I now live Citrus Heights CA.  La Fitness does not have any gyms here.  I'm been trying to cancel my membership since November.  the first person told me I could do it through via web get  letter of cancellation and  mail it . I am having problems getting on to the La Fitness website.  I just called again to yesterday 23 Dec 2012  and the young lady told me the manager is not there to speak to me and the  ONLY and I quote "the only way you can cancel your membership is to go into any La Fitness gym" .       I'm in Northern CA , I can not spend  three hundred dollars to fly back into Phoenix AZ, rent a car and go to the LA Fitness to cancel my membership.  So I'm waiting for the manager to call me.  I have already written to the BBB, because you can not charge someone who has relocated and ask them to stop by a LA fitness to cancel their membership.  please   That is bad business practices.   I will promise to keep this up to date.  As soon as I hear any info I will let you know. The one thing I would love La Fitness to do and supply cleaning spray and paper towels to wipe down equipment. I will not change this rating until I know La Fitness has cancelled my account and is not charging my account.
3	UPDATE:     27 Dec 2012                                                                                                                       received email of cancellation of membership and                                                 received a call on the 28 Dec from a manager of La Fitness to make sure everything was taken care of.                                                                                                                      Thanks guysNow how to let BBB know the complaint has be dealt with?
5	Zumba on Friday night with Bethany is the BEST!!!
2	Started coming here every now and then because it's close to where I work so if I don't have time at my home gym I'll make it up here.  I try to avoid that happening though because I dislike this gym that much.  The staff is average as they are at most LA Fitness locations, some are very friendly but the majority just seem bored.  The layout of the equipment seems strange, related body parts aren't really grouped together and the equipment itself is older and not very up to date.  This next thing I know isn't the gym's fault but it's something I've noticed at this location especially and it's male gym-goers ogling a bit too much.  It's really annoying when you're running on a treadmill and a couple guys just stops and stares at you very obviously.  So like I said, I come here if I have no choice but I try to keep it from happening when possible.
4	Best LA fitness I have been to in the East Valley. Slightly less traffic and a larger than average floor size make accessing equipment pretty easy most days. If you pay your membership upfront for the year you can get plans as low as $15/month.
1	Bad business practice. Poor management. They do not back up their employees mistakes. Be aware of their cancellation policy upfront. If an employee says something to you, you may want to get it in writing, video taped and notarized as they do NOT own up to their mistakes. My problem was partially resolved which still unacceptable to me. Our family will NOT look at LA Fitness for gym needs in the future. Facility- this particular location at night is mainly frequented by muscle head male members. It was a little uncomfortable to me being the only women in the place most nights I came in. I did not come in during the day. Some nights smelled funny and others smelled of tons of chemicals. I did not use this facility enough to comment on the equipment or anything else. I never interacted with the staff, only the front door person. The sales people I interacted with is very pushy and annoying. They will not stop calling you. LA Fitness is about numbers not retention or quality service.
3	I have been coming here for eight years and watched the gym evolve over time - for good and bad. When I first joined, there weren't many LA Fitness gyms around and the facility was pretty new and in very good shape. The clientele was mostly middle class professionals. While gym has worked to keep pace with changing times and a growing user base by updating equipment and expanding the square footage of the facility, LA Fitness in general has become a bit too much of a gym for the masses. There is now one on about every corner in Phoenix. That isn't a bad problem in itself, but two side effects are: a gym that is too crowded for an enjoyable workout and a clientele that has become less desirable over time. Overall LA Fitness is a great gym for the money and the beat option available in Ahwatukee unless you are willing to spend significantly more on a Lifetime Fitness membership experience.
1	BEWARE OF THE SALES MANAGER NAMED "KENDEL"(PREDATORY SALES TECHNIQUES)A friend and I decided to check this place out based on their web advertisement of a gym trial.  When we go to see the sales guy "Kendel" he treats us with a level of contempt because we had questions about rates and wanted to at least tour the gym before signing up.  He eventually let us try out the racquet ball courts, which were the main attraction for us.During our game, Kendal interrupted to let us know of a club special he could offer us after our game. My friend needed a single membership and I was looking into a family membership down the road (month or so), but not today.This is what he sold us:"Sign up today and I will wave your initiation fee and give you guest privileges for $25 a month additional.  That way your friend can workout when you come in until his family is ready to start."Two weeks after this sale Kendal approaches us in the gym and says to me "how do they keep letting you in here?" at first I thought he was joking but it turns out he was just being rude.  He then goes on this tear on how we did not sign up or pay for guest privileges.   We argue that we bought the membership suggested by him that included this.  Kendel then calls my friend and me liars and says "Quit being cheap and just buy a membership."   This is all happening at the front desk as we are leaving and a group of employees looks on.My friend gets home and pulls up the receipt emailed by Kendel.It shows a first and last month's dues and a $25 "initiation fee."So the long and short of this is, Kendel took our money intended for "guest privileges" and applied it to the initiation fee which generally goes to the sales person.  I am guessing Kendel did this to close the first sale and then paint me into a corner down the road.My honest opinion on the gym is good, but the sales practices of the sales manager KENDAL are predatory to say the least.[TO FIX THIS: HAVE YOUR BANK DO A "CHARGEBACK" TO ANY FEES]
1	I can only cancel my membership from 9-5 Mon-Fri, while I should be at work, or by mailing a request in...    Really??   Yet I can sign up in 2 seconds on the website.   I question any company that makes it this hard to stop using their services.
3	This place seems to get a lot of flack for "hard-selling" potential customers, particularly the ones who are here to use the 3 day trial pass. As one of those people I have to say I did not receive that kind of hard sell treatment which was good, though I did arrive here at 9am on a Wednesday and there seemed to be only 1 or 2 employees. Some of the complaints on Yelp have been directed at an employee named Kendal, and I only interacted with one employee at the front desk (not Kendal) who was quite friendly. So perhaps the hard selling tactics are only specific to certain people.Gym itself has a good layout, you can see pretty much every machine they have right when you enter. They have a few rooms for other activities (spin class room, swimming pool, some others I did not look into). Bring your own locks for the lockers if you want to use them. Overall lockers fairly clean and there are about 10 showers for each bathroom. Half of them have curtains, which I find quite strange...One of the treadmills made a ton of noise when I used it, but overall the machines looked fairly modern looking. Not much interaction/ppl bothering you/rude ppl etc which was good.
4	I'll be honest, when I first started working out at this location which was 3 years ago, I strongly had disliked it.  My reason was because of some of the sales managers which were very aggressive, cocky and rude. I left after 7 months here and came back a year later to see that their whole staff had changed. (In a positive way)Today, I love it!  It's spacious, clean and it's convenient. For a gym, that's all you can ask for. People that say that this location has too many meat heads clearly hasn't gone to other gyms. This location is very family oriented and it has everything that a gym can offer. Along with everyone minding their own business. "Kendal" is actually one of my favorite employees at this locations and was one of the main reasons why I came back. I don't know how someone like him who is unbelievably friendly towards everyone can use this "predatory sales technique." Sounds like it was all just a misunderstanding.Overall, it's a good gym that's a fair price every month and convenient towards the Ahwatukee and Chandler residents.
5	Been a member for 12 years.  I like the convenience the machines and the hours.  Staff is ok. Not as crowded as other locations.
1	I wish there were negative stars to give. After 10 plus years of membership my membership was revoked because of a couple of non members showed up forcing every paying member to show their bar code. When I complained about this ridiculous procedure I showed my membership card but refused to walk to the front desk (I was playing basketball) the general manager got in my face and told me to get out of the gym and revoked my membership.  I've never experienced such deplorable unprofessional behavior ever! I would tell any potential gym goer to find a gym membership elsewhere. Save your money and frustration. Their restrooms smell and their staff is rude and unprofessional. I've complained to the district manager and they have no decorum nor will they apologize for their employee's hostile behavior. I will never return and I'm canceling my entire family's membership! !
4	I used to live on the other side of the street from this gym and every time I'm back in AZ I only train here. Machines and equipment are clean, there are familiar faces and One Stop Nutrition is next door. I was able to keep my membership here with a $10 a month fee. I appreciated their wanting to work with me on this. The regular goers are cool, non meat market or harassing folk. Women can train here and feel empowered without being gawked at or objectified. Cool place to train.
3	One of the nicest gyms I've been to as far as LA fitness goes in the Phoenix valley area. I just don't like how packed it gets
