4	I come here several times a year, like it enough that I'll drive across town, I've never had to wait, she does a great job, doesn't speak in chinese with others while she's working, tittering at hidden, private jokes. Sometimes my feet get a cheese grader, sometimes a rough rock like sponge, so she changes her technique for the job. I've brought friends here and always have a good experience. The workers seem to be the owners, they show a genuine concern and care for the work. There could be more luxury, it could be more expensive, but for a day to day pedicure I couldn't recommend them more. Oh, the place has never smelled over the top like chemicals.
1	DO NOT EVER GO HERE!! If I could give a zero I would. Huge waste of my time and money. They will tell you a service is one price, then charge you another price! I left with bare nails and $15 down the drain. I need to contact my bank to get a chargeback. DO NOT EVER GO HERE!
2	I have been here a few times in the past when there was a younger gentleman working there. Unfortunately when I went there for my wedding to get acrylics done last year I was incredibly unhappy with the job. The acrylics were thick and wide and uneven and my fingers were cut from the roughness of the technician. From that point I decided to try other nail salon but just recently decided to give them a second chance. Well that was a big mistake! Today the older man cut my big toe as he was trimming my cuticles and was not gentle at all even after expressing discomfort. My manicure was being done simultaneously by the older woman there. My nails are jagged and crooked, the edges are sharp and uneven.  And to make matters worse, she took my brand new OPI nail polish and poured some substance in there to "thin it out". I explained that it was brand new and I was very unhappy with what she did, however she did not apologize and attempted to justify a reason by saying the Polish was "too thick". Unfortunately they require you to pay before you polish otherwise I would have not left any gratuity at all. I will NOT go back here ever again and I recommend to everyone reading this that you do not as well.
