5	Okay, first of all let's talk about the atmosphere!  Really bright colors, fun decor and a super feel of the Spanish culture to it.  We were visiting from out of town and turned once again to Yelp to help us out.  We were anything but let down!  We got there about an hour before they closed on a Friday night, so the place was pretty dead.  Our server was helpful and friendly.  I tried the Brava Burro with the Baja sauce (a suggestion by our server).  My wife went with Chicken Pablano with beans and rice.  The food portion sizes were huge, but it matched the price.  We ordered some extra spicy salsa that was really good and spicy.  The chips and salsa they have is some of the best I've ever had!  Really fresh tasting and the right amount of spice.  I asked some of locals about this place and most of them say it's their favorite.  We left painfully stuffed, but it was so good not to finish it all!  Also a huge variety of margaritas that were20 oz, nice and strong and good flavor!   An easy 5 star place... don't believe me, go and try it for yourself!
3	I am rating their take out service. I'm not sure who thought this was a good idea, but the "take out" area is crappy. You feel like you're in a closet. I know I'm getting it to go, but do we really have to come in the back door and stand in an area that could fit 3 people max? It just really turned me off. Anyway, the price for the food you get is great. I had a chicken burrito enchilada style with rice and beans. It's "eh". I've had a lot better, have had worse. It's mediocre. The enchilada sauce on the burrito doesn't really taste like much, the rice has a nasty flavor, and the beans are bland. Favorite thing about the meal? The salsa. That's about it.
4	This place has been popular ever since it opened. We were sorely lacking a decent non-fast food restaurant in this part of the city and Macayo's fits the bill. The salsa, as another reviewer mentioned, is really really good. I usually go with the Chimichanga and it never disappoints. The decor is very colorful and lively. I would say it's a good value for the money. If you're going on a Friday or Saturday night you should make reservations. It can be a long wait otherwise.
4	One of my favorite Mexican food chains! The salsa is delicious, except it stays with you hours after your meal. The patio area is spacious and private. The portions are good; you either leave stuffed or you take home leftovers. I ordered a basic bean and cheese burro with a side of sauteed veggies. It was flavorful and just what I needed.This location is conveniently located off Bell Rd. just west of Reems.
4	Loved it - order a pitcher of Top Shelf Margaritas - you won't be disappointed
2	I grew up in Phoenix and used to go to Macayo's on Central a lot  for special occasions.  it was an event back then. So I was excited when they built one out in Surprise.  We used to eat there a lot when they first opened.  However, over time, the service, cleanliness and quality of the meal decreased.  We haven't been back in more than a year now.
1	There are alot of great choices for Mexican food in the Phoenix area. Macayos is not one of them.  We've eaten at several of the restaurants in the Valley including the Surprise location (twice), and the only consistency is bad food.  We're finally done with Macayos.We lived in Arizona and New Mexico a great part of our life and we've experienced wonderful cuisine. We've also lived in the Pacific Northwest where Mexican food is awful. Macayos reminds me of some of the gringo places in Seattle.The food is bland. The salsa has very little flavor. OK, the portions are big if that's what you want. There are so many better options out there.
2	Well, All we have heard is nothing but good things about this place. The only reason we tried it because Garcia's is much further away! Looking at their menu it really looked like they specialize in spinach, and looks like they have some other food that other restaurants do not offer. I just had a simple carnitas? Not to hard to screw it up, but they did. Seem like they over did the marinating! The beans were good, their spanish rice tasted like rice pilaf? Place just doesn't do it for us.
3	Well we ended up trying this place again since our daughter and friends wanted to eat here. I do have to say! It was a lot better than our first visit? Daughter and I shared a combo platter. I enjoyed their ground beef burrito. Daughter had their beef taco. Wife shared a appetizer platter with mother. They thought it was awesome. Because of our second visit, we will give this place another chance!
5	We have been going to the Macayo's in Surprise for 8 years now, and we have never had a bad experience.  There is never a wait and the staff has always been wonderful.  Our kids love it there.
1	We - 11 of us with a reservation - went there Friday 2/25/2011 for dinner.  Had to wait over an hour, many additional chips and salsa, after we were served for the dinners to be served.  The wait staff was not the problem, management should have been living in the kitchen getting the orders out.  Fajitas were tasteless.Last time we go there and we have been there before.
2	Food was acceptable but the prices, even for lunch, were a bit much (the total check was $90 for 2 people, and we only had 2 drinks each).I enjoyed the margaritas, however I learned later (not by my server) that they had a "mug" price of less than $5 each!If you're going for a casual atmosphere, excellent margaritas and an acceptable meal, this is the place.
4	Oh, yummmm.  She thought the tortilla soup was delicious, and He found the albandigos soup was the flavor he had been seeking since Yuma in the 60's.  It is definitely a family atmosphere....four babies at the next table, but but good-natured and comfortable.  We will come back again when we are in the area.  Don't pass up the chocolate chimis!  Follow-up:  We did get back, on our next trip, and She had the soup again.  Great food, but that marguerita was  MONSTER....had to take a l-o-n-g walk after dinner!
2	It's a chain restaurant, I guess so what can you expect? I was a tourist in town for MLB "spring training" and this place was right near the KC Royals' stadium. Had the chimichangas and maybe they'd spent too long in the warming area so they had gotten awfully chewy. I'd been hungry but it was too much trouble to eat these.
3	Not my favorite chain but they do have the bestest salsa. :) Service is a bit lax and the food can be touch and go but can't miss with the salsa.
3	Overall we like this place. The food is good but service is not so much. We have NEVER had a friendly server here. We go at least twice a month, and it always seems like the servers are angry. Never had anyone with any personality. The food is good though and a affordable. We always split an appetizer and then share the combo platter. Plenty of food and your out for a good price! We will continue to go!
5	Love this location! We eat there regularly and the service and food is always great. If there is ever a mistake it is promptly fixed with a friendly visit from the management. It is definitely one of my family's favs!!
3	When I want Mexican, I don't automatically think of Macayo's.  Do I know they are there? Yes.  Do I immediately think of anything at all on their menu I'd like to eat? No, not at all.  The food just isn't very good and if it is memorable in any way it is because it isn't good.We ended up here today because a friend wanted to meet up for drinks.  The bar was clean and our server, even though she was new, did well taking care of us.  Everyone at the table had either tap or bottled beer, except me, and had no complaints.I had a 65th anniversary special margarita.  It was big and refreshing... It also cost $10!  Was it worth ten bucks? No! But it was far better than the $7 margarita made with crappy booze... But I only had one as I find the cost highly prohibitive.The table shared a plate of deep fried green chili strips off the Chili Harvest menu and they were quite good.  I don't like that they were fried... I think of frying as something one does when they don't have the skills to appropriately showcase the flavor of the item... But they were still good!The biggest complaint at the table was the fact that there was no tangible happy hour offering... They once had a happy hour food spread, but not today... They had half price appetizers off the regular menu (the seasonal menu was not included)... But no buffet... Why?  Drinks and a happy hour buffet are why we were there, now there is little reason to return...
2	Had planned to dine elsewhere but when that did not work out, we had heard good things from family so ultimately came here for lunch.  It was surprisingly quiet, which perhaps should have been our first clue.  Our drinks came quickly and our orders were taken and we started in on the chips and salsa.  It was fresh but a little watery for me.  The queso dip was blah.  It seemed to be lacking flavor and quickly hardened.  Three of the orders came quickly, but the fourth came MUCH later (at least 5 minutes) without any explanation or apology.  Our waiter seemed scattered and even spilled a pitcher of tea (thankfully not very close to our table).  We would ask for refills or extra chips etc, sometimes they would come, often we would have to remind him or our requests. The combination I chose was mediocre.  The chicken enchilada was just OK but thankfully topped it with the Baja sauce upon the suggestion of a family member.  The chili relleno had the thickest batter and was tasteless.  The black beans were seemingly straight from the can topped with a little cheese.  The highlight of my lunch was the bite of a fellow diners chicken tamale ... sweet and savory and topped with the baja sauce ... I found myself wishing I had followed her lead and ordered that instead ...
5	I usually get my meals to go but service is quick, pleasant, and the food is always good.  Chips and salsa are great too!
2	Waited til I'd been to this location 3 times to write a review. Unfortunately it started off bad and never got better.In a nutshell, food is average and a bit pricey.  Salsa, both the chunky and thinner hot one are pretty good.  Booze/Margs are great but expensive.  Service, in my opinion has been the most painful part.   Last visit there last week I stood at the front desk with my two small kids waiting to be seated for several minutes, while 5-6 employees and a 'manager' were arguing about who was leaving at what time that night.
3	Well we had one great time, and one horrible time... I really need to go once more to do a proper review. The drinks are priced well and so is the food. Happy hour was really great... They need to update their bar and tvs. Do not go here to watch anything or to get a selection of beer/alcohol
4	Ok, so here's Macayo's in Surprise.  Stopped in here for lunch today with Mike C. & enjoyed my usual lunch treat, the "Mex & Match", where you choose what you want for lunch.  Can you imagine?     :-)This time I went with generous bowl of their terrific chips & salsa, a cup of Chicken Toritilla Soup, & then onto the main platter of a (Pablano) Chile Relleno, a shredded beef taco & steamed mixed veggies.  The place is lovely, all the food was delicious, the portions right, & the price up a dollar recently but still reasonable.  The service was a little off, costing them a Star.4-item Mex & Match weekday Lunch Special $9.99.  Yum!     :-))
4	I am not a fan of driving to Surprise because of the traffic but this is the only Macayos open for breakfast on the weekend and of course we got there to late for breakfast so I will have to try again.  This location is really nice in a pretty cool area close to the 303.  Service as great as usually and the atmosphere is like all the others...very casual and comfortable.  I love the Macayos chips and salsa, there is lots of garlic in their salsa and it taste fantastic!  I ordered the beef baja chimi and it was so great I ate the whole thing (even after I promised myself I would only eat half), so much for the diet.  Anyway we loved it and will be back again soon, there just isn't enough Mexican food places that serve brunch any more and it is always the best when they do.
1	What the heck do zebras have to do with a Mexican restaurant? Yep, nothing. I abhor the decoration here, but more than that, the food was not good either. This was not my choice of restaurants, but fortunately I do not have to go back. The only thing that was good were the warm chips.
2	I live really close to this location and have to say that it seems to be getting worse and worse on the service. I understand that the servers are busy and they have full sections most of the time but when you wait five minutes to get a drink order and ten minutes before the chips and salsa arrive it is kinda bothersome. I can see if the place was completely packed but every time i come here it seems to get worse not better. oh and dont try to order anything ala carte cause just one chicken enchillada will run you over five dollars, are you fricken kiding me must be made of gold.
2	When my family moved to Surprise 4 years ago I loved Macayo's! It was my favorite place to grab Mexican food in Surprise. Over the past 18 months it has really gone down. On my last visit the server told me she brought me what I ordered and I must have ordered wrong. What?!? Even if I did it would have been nice for the server to attempt to fix the problem. I will continue to go to Macayo's with friends and sit in the bar for happy hour. As for a place to regularly go to meals with my family, not so much.
4	I am telling you I don't think I ever really have a bad experience here. They took the Pollo Espinaca Enchilada off the menu, but there is one girl there, who usually works the drive through, who knows what it is.The chips are thin and warm, and I love the hotter salsa.Salmon was awesome and if you wanna go fattie style, the Pollo Fundito (I think I may have spelled that wrong) is AWESOME!I also have the girl and guy margarita cups, those suckers are HUGE and make my face go numb half way through. Keep in mind, I am a light weight though!!!
4	I love macayo's and this is a great location. Went here for Mother's Day and they gave all the women a single pink or red rose as we were seated. That was nice and thoughtful. The manager came by our table to ensure our service was good. Great menu options.
4	Kudos to Macayo's! New menu, clean flavors, clean presentation, solid service... The main man did the build your own thing with an enchilada and a tostada and I had a chicken chimi... All very tasty! Our only complaint was with the chicken on our nachos, it was canned chicken. Not sure why when they used very tender, moist, flavorful chicken in the chimi. The nachos were very good, they would have been great with the shredded chicken. They would have been outstanding if chicken asada had been used!But this is a HUGE turnaround for Macayo's and for the better!
2	Took the kids here lastnight for dinner.  I woke up, that is a good sign.  I am bummed to see that in 2 years we were away, this place really took a dive.  The prices went up, thequality of the food went down and got smaller, the service was awful,  our order was all jacked up.  I could go on and on. Just because my son and I ask for no sauce doesn't mean we don't want the sour cream.  The shit was dry and we had to power down our food with soda shots like we were on Fear Factor.  No refills... Chips sucked. Ok, thats right I was trying to stop the "compliment" train. We used to love coming here, now we will add it to the don't eat at list with Carrapas.  Even our server looked like he would have rather been anywhere but there.  Sad thing is, I remember him from when we used to dine here all of the time.  Poor guy used to be so chipper and happy.  Place sucked the life right out of him.My one complaint is about paying.  I used to be a server, I know how this works.  All I had on me was a $100.  Dinner came to roughly $40.00.  All large bills when he gave me change.  Yes, I know they aren't a bank.  And I did not take off stars because of this gripe.  But just because I pay like a high roller doesnt mean I am one, and I am not going to over tip because all of the sudden once you saw my loot you thought you could save the last 90 minutes of torture we endured.  A $5 and 5 ones would have been nice. There was NO way I was about to spot a $20! When a customer sits at your station why don't you treat them like a friend, not a bastard step child and maybe, just maybe I would have spotted you a few extra bones for making the most of the crappy night.
4	This is the most consistent place my parents like in Surprise. While it's no Old Town San Diego Mexican fare, I think it deserves four stars for a good menu, excellent lunch specials, spot-on service, and consistency.I guess it's a chain; I haven't been to any of the other locations. It has a little bit of the feel of a chain, but not excessively. Their branding and marketing is pretty good and if I were in another town and came upon a Macayo's, I'd probably go.My favorite dish is probably the chicken chimichanga. The burritos are good and I like the enchiladas a lot, too. The food is never dry and the sauces are all really good.The portions are generous, mostly. I don't think I have ever been able to finish a meal there. They also load you up with a bunch of chips and salsa (like any good Mexican restaurant should). Mmmm-mmmm.The one time I ordered a margarita, I wasn't terribly impressed. Maybe that was a fluke, but I know that at restaurants like Macayo's, it's usually just a marg mix. We've never had a problem with service. It's always been prompt and they're quick to fill your water glasses and make sure you have enough chips and salsa. Everyone has been nice on every one of the visits I've been there. The service is the biggest reason I give Macayo's four stars.I have only one small gripe: why is it an up-charge to get beans *and* rice with a dish? That's the nice thing about the lunch specials - often they come with beans and rice - but most dishes, aside from many of the lunch specials, have either rice or beans. C'mon: rice and beans belong together! Like ketchup and mustard. Salt and pepper. Bonnie and Clyde. Harry and Sally. You get my point.
4	Yummy. Standard Americanized Mexican food establishment. The service is hit or miss, but never bad. This is the place that finally got my wife to start eating Mexican food, huge thanks to Macayos! The Chimi is amazing.
5	Great food & great service!!
3	Just okay mexican food. When visiting Arizona I went to 10 New Mexican food places and Macayos was about my 5th favorite. A little overpriced!
1	If this place is considered Mexican food, then you're better off cooking at home. We ordered take out from this restaurant,  which is about 4-5min from our home,  and by the time we got home it was cold. Not cold like it had cooled down, but cold like they forgot to cook it! I ordered the enchiladas (please dont try this) which tasted nothing like a enchilada.. it has no flavor what so ever. The green sauce is nasty, lumpy and looks like applesauce. . I think if anyone says this place is good, they are either the owner, employee or affiliated with the restaurant in some way. Honestly dont waste your money on this poor excuse of a Mexican food restaurant. . Cook it yourself and I guarantee it will taste better than this easy bake oven maddness.
4	Good chips and salsa, pretty good food (I have had both the steak burritos and steak tacos and both were good!), and good service!  I have been to this location, the one in Goodyear (on McDowell and Litchfield), and the one in Scottsdale (on Scottsdale Rd), and all have been similar quality as far as food, drink, and service... so that's about as much consistency as you can ask for from a chain restaurant.I'll be back... again.
3	The food here is pretty bland for the most part - but they are always wonderful at accommodating our large family group (and special order requests to fit our dietary restrictions). We've been coming for years and the quality is consistent.I've found the service to be pleasant and warm - ditto the food. It's a place the whole family enjoys going to - so I'm guessing we'll continue to keep coming back.
3	It's ok...not really good but passable Mexican or, to be honest, what they called when I lived in Texas:  TexMex.  To translate:  watered down mediocre Mexican.If this is your gig then go for it.  If you want really great Mexican go somewhere else.How this chain has been around since 1945 beats me, but they've been in Phoenix that long looks like.  Well, as Grandma said, there's no accounting for taste...just not my taste if I have a choice.
5	My new favorite place to eat. The chips and salsa were so good... The service and food was all just incredible!
2	This was our first time at this chain (7/12/13) and I don't think we'll be returning. Food was ok...I got chicken breast and it was pretty dry and my husband's food (sorry, forget what he got!) was super greasy. Chips and salsa were probably the best part. Service also left a little to be desired.
4	we were here for a friend's birthday (my fabulous maid of honor actually) .... the food is very tasty and there are plenty of options.  Good prices ..... the best thing?  They have these amazingly cheesy margarita mugs (you can buy them in either male or female ... I recommend one of each) that you can buy for about $10 but then you get $3.99 margarita refill!! Only $0.89 for flavors :) Limit two but they are strong :) It's a fun place, especially when you embarass your friends during their birthday with a singing staff! (bring your own sombrero for when they bust out the song .... the one thing they lack)
1	Ill start with why the food is a one star then explain why the service is as well. First off I judge a Mexican restaurant by their chips and salsa. Your food and service can be sub par but if you have amazing chips and salsa I will love it!  Not sure if ours was an old batch, but half our chips were wet and oily and the salsa was just tomato sauce with some canned diced tomatoes. Nothing special or tasty. I ordered a margarita just the house on the rocks no salt. We were sitting at a cocktail table so I watched the bartender grab a pint glass dump some ice in it then reach for a blender pitcher full of old pre made margarita and pour it in my pint glass. The server brought it out to me I explained that I really wanted a fresh made margarita. After a little discussion I just said no thanks I don't want a margarita anymore ill stick with water.  We finally ordered and then our food arrived and I cut open my chicken chimichanga to find it was beef. And my husbands chile con carne was supposed to come with tortillas. When the waitress came by again I explained that my chimichanga  was wrong and told her I thought my husbands came with tortillas. No apology offered for the mistakes. She just said oh ya  I can get you a side of tortillas if you want, as if she was doing us a favor. When mine finally came out corrected (my husband was done with his food by this point) it was correct but not really good. The chimichanga wasn't crispy (it's fried so it should be crispy, it was pretty soggy) and the black beans were just okay nothing special or flavorful. Service wise - terrible. Once I sent back the margarita the server was cold, inattentive and refused to speak to me only looking and speaking to my husband. The manager did come by to address "my question about the margarita" offering no apologies for their methods just saying that they go through 60 gallons per week of margaritas. So what?!? I want a fresh made margarita not some warm pitcher of old margarita that has been sitting out on the counter for who knows how long. (By the way shouldn't margarita mix be refrigerated?) also after both our orders had issues we never received an apology or a manager visit or a comp or discount. Not expected but still nothing done about the problems. After all that I have no reason to come back. My husband liked his chile con carne but that's honestly the only positive of the experience. I guess our search for passable Mexican food continues
3	The wife and I had dinner at Macayo's last night.  Since it's winter time in Arizona, the snowbirds are flocking to the warm weather and all the restaurants are really busy...including Macayo's.  The service was slow, but adequate...we eat here all year long and the service is much quicker in the summer.  The food was about average.
1	Horrible service. No chips, no service, no nothing. Just waited for 15 minutes. I am so sad that this place has gone down so much. I have never experienced a lack of service as I did today. I do not recommend this location to anyone. Go to another nearby Mexican restaurant - maybe you'll at least get noticed there.
3	Waiter was very nice gave us a free dip. Decor is nice but looks like ur at the rain forest cafe lol.Im giving it 3 stars cuz the food was okey.. I wasnt really impressed. I prob wont go back.
2	Well-I've lived in Az since 1955 and ate at the original Woody's Macayo and continued to eat at many different locations for years and years.  For the last 2 years we frequented Italian places mainly Carrabas, and not Macayos. Decided to go back for some great Mexican food for lunch, but to our surprise things had changed drastically.  For one thing you deleted the A la Carte menu.  The Mex & Match  deleted the red & green burro-- you have to pay extra!  My sister ordered a house margarita that didn't seem to have any alcohol in it--I tasted it to check-yes very little alcohol for the price of $6.79.  Myself and another sister decided to have water because of the prices of everything--Thank God--the check for 3 people for lunch was $50.00.  Could have gone to PoPo's for $30.00.  It will be PoPo's from now on
2	Food quality borders on average and below average.  It's gotten to be that I really don't like coming here anymore.
1	Atmosphere- childlike.  Service- awful. Food was okay. Drinks were eh! The hostesses were arguing about something when we walked in...very unprofessional. ...don't waste your time
1	Went to Macayo 's order the Baja pizza. Worst ever no longer a fan of there food. All it had on it was some spicy cheesy sauce and I ordered it with pork instead of chicken.  To my dismay the amount of pork could fit on a teaspoon. They used to have a happy hour that was not present @ happy hour. Also found out there well tequila was piss poor. So order a premium Margarita. Good luck on quality of food!
4	Love Macayo's!  Great food that is very consistent. Perfect chips. Creamy guacamole. Friendly service focused team!  Anthony, Jenny, and Chris all helped us enjoy our meal. Terrific menu with many options. There are a ton booths, but they are very worn out. The silverware is very cheap and thin. Be sure to use a knife rather than cutting with your fork. Love that it is a local Arizona family company.
1	Came to get food...... Was waiting for about 15 mins, no any server showed up. I asked hostess about server. She acted as didn't care. Wait more????? Kidding ??? Just LEFT! I can put money to different restaurant who cares!
3	Ever get hungry but don't have a taste for anything in particular? Wanna eat but don't want to cook, drive very far, or wait a long time? This is how we ended up at Macayo Mexican Kitchen. And I must admit, when I left, I was full, so it definitely got the job done, albeit without any fanfare or fuss. This place is typical restaurant Mexican...loud tropical-ish decor, standard chips and salsa (which was actually fresh tasting) despite looking like it was out of a jar. I think margaritas are a big part of the draw, but I stuck with Dos Equis. So I got the carne asada burrito, which looked pretty gargantuan, but after I dumped it out of the tortilla it wasn't a ton of meat, quite unlike my friend's carnitas which was a GINORMOUS portion. Either way, the carne asada was tasty and tender, beans and rice that came with were pretty basic but definitely edible, especially when jazzed up with a bit of pico de gallo. The guacamole, was a ginormous portion, more than two piglets could handle and that rarely happens. All in all, this place is good in a pinch, but I wouldn't rush back.
3	Carne asada burrito is as good as any, drinks are fairly spendy but good service to offset that. We've been back a couple of times and sat outside. Very safe place at night but where in Surprise Az isn't
4	The 5 of us eat here nearly every friday evening. Great way to relax after a long week. Usually gets busy here around 6pm but worth the wait. Most times less than 20 minutes.  The strawberry smoothies are the favorites of the kids and the margaritas rock!
2	this was my third time eating food from Macayo's. Two in the restaurant and one to go.  I have enjoyed the food and service my previous visits. This time was a disaster. My food was not prepared as ordered,my husbands carnitas was so dry he couldn't eat it and we were the ones that had to refill our water and ice tea 4 times to the servers 1 time. She acted bored and even asked if the food was pretty good. Pretty good? No, it wasn't. I was there as a guest for my birthday. It was a bummer- if it wasn't for the wonderful company it would have been a horrible evening. Macayo's step up your servers training and back of the house training. The front staff were great.
5	great waiters, and fun for kids. My daughter picks Macayo's over even Mc donolds on almost a weekly basis.
1	Had a chicken burrito lunch special. Filling consisted of 90% cooked onions, 10% chicken.  Good service and good chips and salsa but serving the worst burrito I've ever had in my life is an automatic fail. The fact that this abomination of a recipe somehow made it on menu of a restaurant is pretty shocking. Even if there had been more chicken, the flavor was just horrible...
1	Worst service ever,  food ordered showed up at different times, which is not a good thing when it's a party of 10, plus a few dishes were wrong. Had two servers that were scatterbrained, it wasn't even busy for them to take so long to get drinks when needed.. The food was overrated, overpriced and overcooked, (due to microwaving). No wonder I have not been to macayos in 15 years,  it sucked then and now more than ever...  Horrible place, they should shut the doors and call it a day for good
1	This place has just gone down hill, we keep going back in hopes the "traditional Macayos" is back.... No such luck. Drinks took 20min, fish taco was burnt and came out 10min after the rest of the meals. Lots of items forgotten on the dishes we ordered. The manager didn't seem to be concerned at all. The food is just not good. I would suggest Rio Mirage if your looking for good Mexican food in Surprise.
1	We used to go to Macayo's at least 2 times a month, but since moving to a different area of the Valley, we have been going to different places when we went out to eat. Today we decided to go back...and were very disappointed. While the staff was friendly and helpful as usual, the food was a disappointment...it was bland, not very warm, and didn't live up to their previous standards. The menus we were given had dried food on them, the booth seats throughout were cracked and parched with tape, and the table tops were sticky. The interior is just dated, dusty and old looking. And restrooms....! While the toilets appeared clean, the walls and stalls looked like they had NEVER been cleaned-- streaks and drips of 'something' all over them.  Needless to say, the ENTIRE place needs a massive makeover and cleaning. I think others feel the same because there were only 3 other tables of people when we were there when they are usually 2/3 full. Doesn't look like we'll be going back unless they clean up their act!
5	Finally tried the Macayo's in my area and it didn't disappoint!  We usually go to the one off 59th and Bell, but I'm glad we tried this one. We stopped in at about 4:30pm. It wasn't crowded at all, which is nice. We were seated right away by a very pleasant hostess. Our server (so sad that I forget his name!) was super nice and very attentive! Our food arrived quickly and it was great, as always. I tried one of the new items on the menu (Diablo Steak). It was a delicious steak with a yummy salsa/chipotle type topping. It came with poblano mashed potatoes (so good!) and cheesy black beans.  I would definitely order it again! We had a coupon for a bogo entree, so we only ended up paying 20 something for both of our meals.Great job, Macayo's!
5	The atmosphere had a nice outdoor festive ambience.  The food looked great! It tasted very good and enjoyable! The service was pretty good too. The manager came to our table and chatted with us. The desserts were delicious!!! We would come back!
2	First of all I am a Macayo's lover. My mother and I went to the one in Surprise. We wanted to sit in the bar and do a take out order. The hostess at the front said the take out lady was not answering the phone so we had to walk all the way around to the side (My mother is handicapped) to do our order because it seems she was lazy and did not want to go get the girl. So we walked all the way around. She shows up and not very apologetic about s having to walk all the way around. So we place our order and walk all the way back around so we could sit in the bar and have a drink. Bar tender very nice. The lady brings our food to the bar. Very nice. We take the food home and I got to say it was not very good. The taco had very little meat in it. My mother would not even eat hers. The enchilada was so tiny and not very much. Beans in all the orders were small. My daughter's chimi has enchilada sauce on it, which I never asked for. Made the chimi shaggy. Not very happy with our experience with take out. Probably will not do that again.
1	Well let's see where do I start drinks where like Kool-Aid returned to get beer instead figured they couldn't mess that up.  Sever was all over the place. Along with being on his cellphone when he was on the floor. This is a no-no in my book. Customers first personal life second when you are working.  The food was ok but not great. Then to top it off the manager didn't even care.  Will Never go back.
3	Well tonight my girlfriend and I went back to Macayo's to give them another chance after are last dinner we had with them. This time the server was great on top of her game. Very nice and pleasant in addition to checking on us often.  The food was very good too.  Along with are drinks being good also.  Last but not least the management came to talk to us and tell us how sorry they where for the last time we where at the restaurant .  Which I found to be very big of them.  So glad we gave them a second chance will look forward to returning to dine with them again. Everyone does deserve a second chance. Which they make it right.  Thanks so much :)
1	I wish there was an option for zero stars. We walked in and after a short wait were seated. The runner promptly greeted us and delivered chips and salsa. Chips were warm and there were two kinds of salsa. They both were fairly decent. That's where it ends. We sat for 15 minutes without a single person coming to our table. So we walked out. It's too bad because the menu looked promising. Apparently they need servers at this restaurant because there were none in sight.
5	The staff was very friendly, our food was delicious and when we had a problem the manager came right over, addressed it and resolved it! We've been here before and we will be back!
