5	I love this hair salon! They are amazing here. I use Emma! She is the best. I love everything that she does to my hair.
4	I know, I know. Rolf's is overrated, overpriced and the Gainey Village location is especially seething with the self-important, overly coiffed Scottsdale elite BUT I can't help myself. When I want a really good cut, color and style, I bite the bullet and go to Rolf's. For in-between highlights, I've found some solid, cheaper alternatives (I'll get to those, I promise) but when the time comes for an overhaul, I go to a master stylist who trained under "Mr. Rolf" and does a rockin' job. I had one bad experience there where my regular stylist was out so I went to a newly hired hairdresser. Bad idea. The color was a hideous dishwater green. But I made a color correction appointment with my regular stylist and she fixed it to perfection and didn't charge a dime. So maybe I'm part of the Scottsdale overly coiffed elite on occasion but it's MY HAIR, people!
3	wutevs.  nice salon, clean interior, good products.  the stylist on the other hand........ worthless.  why iz it so hard 2 find a stylist who can texturize and can also cut bangs?  i'm giving 3 stars just 4 the fact that salons are all the same........ u just have 2 find the rite stylist and she just wasn't that one.   : (
5	I have been going to Rolf's for YEARS, and my mother years before me! My mom, once upon a time, had Rolf as her hair stylist, before he focused on solely running the business. The salon itself has a warm, enjoyable atmosphere. The reception desk gals and guys are really kind, and are so friendly on the phone! They offer you tea, coffee, lemonade, and other various goodies when you come in.My stylist, Kristi, has to be one of the sweetest, and BEST stylists I've ever had the pleasure of working with. She really has great input on what styles suite your face shape best, tells you how to replicate the style at home, and helps you define your vision for your hair. She's cheerful and incredibly professional. I've been her client for over 5 years now, and if I moved to another part of the state, I would drive to Rolf's just to have Kristi do my hair!
5	Awesome color, cuts, and styles. Faye's the best ever. Their service is great too; ice tea and treats with your treatment. The decor is OK, but comfortable and roomy; with several restrooms - never a wait. The location is also great with high end surrounding shops, bars and restaurants for before and after.
1	First, let me say that I am a very finicky customer. I worked in the beauty & styling industry for years with the best of the best (in another state) and know my way around salon technique.The bottom line is that after spending $350, I had received hair that wasnt even remotely close to what I had asked for. The stylist, Forest, was polite, professional and had good technique. However, in the end, she did what she wanted and I walked away extremely dissatisfied.  My color was brassy at the roots and drab at the ends. The fine weave I received was exactly what I asked her NOT to do.The salons interior was clean, but the interior aesthetics were outdated and lackluster. The design wouldn't bother me in the least had the stylist been a better listener or the price been more fair.I would not return to Rolfs to 'try again' . At the price I paid, it should have been close to perfect.Stylists are a dime a dozen in this town and the great stylist are almost non-existent.Update- I decided to go back to the stylist  the following weeks to give her the chance to "correct" the color. I figured that a few foils later and I could achieve the desired look I had paid for and desired. The receptionist implied that I was just looking for a touch up and that everyone needs a touch up after their hair grows! I found her attitude very condescending. The stylist kept saying that I had asked her for that color. When I was finished, I was appalled to find that I was being charged an additional $100plus to correct their mistakes and I left the salon with hair breaking off all the way home. So in all, I spent over $500 and more than 6 hrs for very mediocre salon services and broken damaged hair, even though their website states that highlights are from $75 and up. Im not sure what made my highlights so much more expensive...
1	Wife went there with her wedding party to get their hair and make-up done and had an absolutely dreadful experience. Staff was incredibly rude and incompetent.
2	I loved the inside of this salon, very comfortable yet stylish. So I was excited as I waited, thinking I would walk out with the best highlights and cut. I paid over $350 for a trim and highlights. She didn't go as light as I wanted...she was about 3 shades off, which barley made any difference in my then, brown hair. It was awkward the whole time because she never once spoke unless to ask me a question or to say she's sorry for pulling on my hair. For a "so called" color expert, she disappointed me greatly. I will not return, even after receiving the coupons that I just threw away.
5	Finding a good salon to go to can be painful, but every time I've been to Rolfs it's been nothing but good, quality service again and again. My first visit to Rolfs I met with Faye who was quite lovely, and talked to me all about the extensions I wanted to get. She answered all of my questions, told me about things I didn't even think of asking and gave me lots of suggestions on what would look right for me. Later, when I went back for my actual appointment, she did an absolutely wonderful job! I was really impressed with how nice her and the rest of the staff has been every time I've visited the salon; everyone is always happy to help me, answer my questions and make suggestions when I'm not quite "sure" it is what I want. At the end of the day, that's the kind of expertise I really like at a salon that I frequent; someone that can guide me on what's right for me and make expert recommendations when I'm not quite sure what I want or looking for something new. The salon itself is quite lovely; it's a beautiful space and the staff is always quick to offer you a light refreshment while you wait and during your services. I've never encountered any of the "snobbyness" some of the other reviewers have mentioned, just good quality service that yes, is in a beautiful Scottsdale location and I find nothing wrong with that. But hey, when I want to be pampered, I want to go someplace pretty that's going to make me pretty too and that's exactly what you'll get each time.
5	I got the best perm EVER from Joette! I can't tell you how much I love it and how many complements that I receive from how great it looks! If you are looking for a place in Scottsdale to add body and give you a modern look, Rolf's has it all!
2	I just called the Rolfs Salon at Gainey Village, what happened to Delores Leiva? Something sounds weird, called to make an appointment, got transferred to Connie who said Rolf is taking over all of Delores clients for the next year. Delores was nothing but professional and always spoke very highly about the salon, she wouldn't have left.  Bad business decision Rolfs, you have lost a client and I'm certain i will not be the only one.
5	I've been going to see Sebastian (Ryan) about once a month and he has been giving me a better haircut each time I'm in.  I would highly recommend going to Rolfs and requesting him.  As far as the atmosphere goes, second to none.  The tile work throughout the salon is impressive.They are polite, organized, clean,and good at what they do.  As long as Sebastian is working there, I will be getting my haircut there.
5	What a fabulous experience I had last Thursday. I had my hair washed and styled by a wonderful women originally from Australia!  She did a great job making me look glam.  Followed by that I was treated to a custom make up session, I left looking way better than when I walked through the doors. From the moment I arrived, to the moment I left the customer service was truly 5 star.  Thank you!!
4	I went to Rolfs a couple of weeks ago for a partial highlight and a cut. Jessica did my color and it turned out great. She definitely made sure my hair was thoroughly highlighted and not stripey like I requested. She was very easy to talk to and made the long process of highlighting my hair much more bearable (color always takes forever on my hair). Sometimes salons like this can make you feel uncomfortable and "not worthy," but I felt right at home here and like all the staff genuinely cared about my experience from beginning to end.Sebastian did my cut (four inches off) and it also turned out amazing. I was nervous to cut so much off, but he did such a great job and I love it! He definitely made me feel more at ease for taking so much length off.I've gotten so many compliments on both my cut and color since my visit to Rolfs. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for quality and the experience of a "Scottsdale" salon without the stuffiness. I will definitely be back!
5	Rolf's at Gainey Ranch is one of the most beautiful salons I have ever seen. The service there is impeccable! The stylists are amazing and it is worth every penny!
5	I had an amazing experience at Rolf's salon!  The salon was chic, modern and impeccably clean.  My stylist, Kim was so nice and inviting, not to mention a genius when it comes to your hair.  Previously, my hair was extremely dry, dead and the color was just awful.  Kim magically revived my hair and the color and cut that she created was perfect!  Thank you very much, Kim! I'm so happy to have finally found a hair "artist" who understands my hair needs and desires.
5	I love LOVE my new look.  Everyone was kind, sincere and helpful.  Dion understood how to cut my thick curly locks.  Bree added just the right amount of highlights.  Thank you to everyone at Rolf's for the amazing experience.  I'm actually looking forward to my next haircut.
5	Another fabulous haircut by Dion.  I love Love that he knows how to cut naturally curly hair.  Thank you to Kim for taking care of my roots.  The color looks natural and compliments my skin tone.
