5	A+++++++++After calling around looking for the best price to replace a lamp in my TV I found Chuck's who was substantially less expensive, $125 versus the average $300 I was being told.  Not only were they more reasonably priced, they replaced a fan for the price of the part only (no service charge).  They even went the extra mile by showing us how to clean the filter every month to avoid the issue happening again.  And the kicker for me is they are local, local, local!!!
1	Owner states on there website been working in TV repair for 35 years but can not repair a 10 year old TV with geometry issues.
1	If I could give less than one star, I would.  It is a shame people like this are in business, honestly.  Or maybe it's the fact that I have single mother of 3 (take advantage of me) written on my face? They are nothing but con-artists and thieves to say the least! Long story short, I was told I was better off buying new since it would take over $1,000 to fix it.  Only to "rape" my tv for parts.  Finding this out after wanting a second opinion, taking it to another tv repair place to be told that, had Chucks tv repair not kept my $300 chip and other important fan that it would've taken a couple hundred bucks to fix it.  NOW, after taking it to Chucks tv repair, I have a 60" piece of worthless plastic.  My parts were sure not worthless to them though...I hope the money they make is worth the Karma coming to them.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR TV THERE!  I will be reporting to the BBB and contacting the media.  I want nothing out of this other than the principal of doing whats right and warning the residents of Mesa since he pops up as the closest in our area.  Worth the drive to go elsewhere! Shame on them!
5	These days good customer service is hard to come by,  much less great customer service.  I needed to replace the lamp in my Samsung projection TV. The service man I spoke to asked me to bring it in & he would test it to make sure that was the right part I needed. He could tell by looking at it, & so could I, that it was blown.  He replaced the bulb into the housing at no charge.  I had no idea how to do that.  He even played with my crying baby, which made him a happy baby.  Magic touch all the way around.  Thanks so much Chucks repair.
