5	OMG..!!..I'm so surprise no one have review this Japanese bistro yet...I finally found a place that top Ichiza...They have some really kewl chef's special rolls and fusion rolls...with funni names...like "I love my ass" which have spicy soft shell crab, cucumber topped with white tuna, served with mustard sauce....I order "Sean's special roll" and "Spicy lobster roll"....it taste sooooooo good... they have a web site...but is still new...it said coming soon...but here it is... www.thekasushi.com ...our waitress was very friendly .love their service...prices are decent..and nice decor...=)...This one is definitely my favorite =)
4	It looks like just another of the many failed restaurants that have inhabited this building, but it isn't. We went for sushi last night before going to Tao, and it was great. I had the tuna poke, and we also tried a few rolls. The ambiance is pretty cool too, and the wait staff is super attentive. I liked that. They were playing Amy Tweaker Winehouse a bit loud, but that was okay, being a Friday night and all. This may be my new sushi spot. It is nice to finally see more and more quality restaurants sprout all over Green Valley. It only took ten years.
4	It is my new favorite over I Love Sushi!  Cool decor & comfortable.They have the best NY Steak Roll.  It's made with their braised short ribs & omg let me tell you, I can't get enough of it when I have it.  The Iced Green Tea is perfect too.The service is always good & I look forward to each visit.
4	Very large menu of very interesting rolls. We had the Dragon roll, Yellowtail and jalepeno sashimi, Dragon eel roll, and my favorite was the hot night roll. Very spicy, and very good. The decor was fun, and the staff was friendly, but a little slow at times. I wasnt in a hurry, so not really a big deal. Unfortunately for us, the air conditioning wasnt working and they had rolled in a few portable swamp coolers. It was still kind of hot it there, and all the spicy rolls didnt help. I'm not going to penalize them for that however...that kind of stuff happens, and the food was food enough to overlook it.  Thanks Christina C. for the recomendation....
5	I went to this restaurant last night - at the recommendation of my co-worker and his sister. His sister lives in Las Vegas near Red Rock, yet she admits despite the 4 restaurant places near her house, she will drive almost half an hour to this establishment. She says it's "that good." It is, indeed. They have new and creative sushi rolls with interesting and funny names to complement their rolls. One of them is called the "New York Steak roll". (Don't worry it's cooked.) We had to send it back to because one of our other co-workers did not read the ingredients and he is allergic to shellfish. So we had to get one without the crab. The servers were more than willing to oblige and didn't do any eye-roll or make any indication that they were inconvenienced. As for the funny names, I know my friend and his sister ordered the "I Love My Ass" roll, and "Sexy Girl (Tastes like my ex-girlfriend)" roll. I tasted both of them and they were equally good. I on the other hand ordered "Jimmy's special" and the "Something Wrong #69" Roll. I actually like the "I Love My Ass" roll and the "something Wrong #69" roll. The "something wrong #69" came with "screaming orgasm" sauce. LOL. However, I'm sure someone I know would order the "New Sunset roll (DOUBLE D)" simply based on the name. (Double D)... pssh... ANYWAY, the 4 of us had a GREAT time at this establishment. Despite our noise level and laughing, no one came to us to tell us to quiet down. The decor is pretty modern, upscale looking. You end up being surprised that this place is affordable and in a strip-mall type place. I also like the fact that if you ever wanted to take a date, it's dark enough for the ambiance if you get a booth.As for dessert, I had the Tempura Ice cream. I just wanted to try it, but it was better than I expected. It was Green tea ice cream in tempura and fried. Then they cut it into quarters. It's a pretty decent size to split between two people. Our co worker who was allergic to the shellfish wasn't sure if he wanted to get mochi or green tea ice cream - both of which he never had. Our coworker decided on ordering the green tea ice cream, but our server said he would bring him samples of the mochi for the guy to try (he gave one strawberry and one vanilla - both cut into quarters). It was even decorated!! It was an excellent looking sample - if I didn't know, I would've thought that it was a regular dessert. We thought that was above and beyond what the server needed to do. Of course, we all tipped our server well.This is the best service I've had in ANY sushi place, and will DEFINITELY go back to the establishment before my week in Vegas is over. My co-worker and his sister frequent this place and say that the service is consistently excellent. All the staff is nice and accommodating. I definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers. They also have "regular" food for those who don't want sushi, but want to go and hang w/ a friend while they eat sushi. They also have the standard rolls as well. Just check out the website I provided: http://www.usmenuguide.com/theka.html
4	Ka is one of our favorite places to go in henderson for sushi. The atmosphere is great and fun in great for groups. The price is reasonable around $8-13 for rolls, but one roll is more than enough for me. Some of our favorite rolls are the Hulk, Sexy Girl and the Lasagna. The food is always consistent and always great there!
5	One of the best (if not THE best) sushi meals I've ever had! My BF and I sat at the sushi bar, and Brian was our sushi chef - he's great! Funny and nice. We got an appetizer and three rolls. The appetizer was the screaming orgasm (I think that's what it was called). Thinly sliced tuna with yummy sauce - very good! As for the rolls, we got Sexy Girl, NY Steak, and Salmon/Scallop rolls. All three were really good! Aside from the delicious food, service was great. The new bartender was walking around giving people free samples of new drinks she made, and she was very nice and knowledgeable about the new sake drinks they had. With great good AND great service, what more could you ask for?
4	I can say this place was good.... but it honestly doesn't compare with my favorite sushi places in Houston. This makes me sad... if this is the best sushi in Henderson, will I ever eat delicious sushi in my home town again? In any case, service is great. Free edamame both times I've been. The selection of rolls is incredible! SOOOO many choices. The problem is, out of the 8 rolls I've tried they've mostly been HUGE (ok nice sized is good, but do I honestly want something that takes 6 bites to eat? seriously). Also, they are all COVERED in sauce... what are you trying to hide Ka? Non fresh fish? The imitation crab meat you use? Steak roll was just ok.. I've had steak sushi rolls with filet meat, so it's hard to compare their rib meat to a filet. Bottom line.. it's good, but not great. Roll selection is amazing, and fish seemed fresh, but it's honestly hard to tell when every roll is dripping in sauce. Negative points for over use of fake KRAB. If anyone knows of a better sushi place in Henderson, please PM me.. I'm on the look out.
5	i would have to say that The Ka is quite honestly the BEST sushi restaurant ever!!!The service is amazing, the food is wonderful, and the people are even more WONDERFUL!!! My husband and i are regulars there--I even have my very own signature roll-"The Princess Deana Roll" (which i of course highly recommend) but all the food is so fresh and good! The rolls are wonderful and so is the sushi and sashimi. There is probably nothing there that isnt good! We have been going there so long that everyone there is like a friend to us, BRIAN (the sushi chef) is our favorite!!! He is so funny and genuine, a real entertainer and he makes some really great food! He is almost always there so make sure you ask for him when you go in.. he will fill you up and make you smile! :) Kathy is the head server and she is wonderful too, we enjoy seeing her friendly smile when we walk in the door!!  She always makes sure everything is perfect and that we are doing good! All the servers are nice and friendly and make you feel special! David the manager is a good guy, he is very nice and friendly every time we are there, he even gets us dessert on our birthdays! And if your going to have dessert I recommend the tempura cheesecake -defiantly a favorite of ours!!I would have to give The Ka, on a scale of 1 to 10........a 15!!!  And dont forget to ask for and try The Princess Deana roll next time you are there! :)
5	Best Sushi in Vegas.  Great Service (when you dine in - some take out problems).  Favorites rolls are the Warm Springs Roll, Crunch Albacore, The Hulk, Hot Pink Panties, Brian's Roll. The Poke and the Sashimi Salad are incredible. Really just can't say enough about The Ka, although they need do some work on the restrooms.  Not related to the quality of the food or service in any way, but so not cool to not have a "stall" around the commode, equally uncool walking in on someone using it.  Awkward.  The other "downside" I've found is take out.  The three times I've ordered, they've forgotten to make it.  My advice, don't phone order to go.  Go there to order any to go, enjoy a beer/ice tea, whatever and wait for it.  Also of note, they are part of the Mileage Plus Dining program, so if you are a United Flyer, you can get airlines miles when you dine there (of course you have to sign up for the mileage plus dining service).  Finally, they do *NOT* have a full bar, even though it says so in the info section on Yelp.  They have Beer and Sake only, but make drinks such as Mojitos, Margaritas, Martinis and such but with a Sake base.  No other spirits, which is fine really.  Nothing goes with good sushi like an ice cold Kirin.
1	hmmm...  am lowering your stars until I understand what's going on...best staff is gone?  not paying rent?    what gives?  the restaurant has been closed for days...redtagged... why? what happened?  new executive chef an ass?  owner gambling?I'm just sayin'... you had a booming business, a decent location, committed loyals, great yelp reviews, but you've let it go to hell.
2	Ive been meaning to do this and have just have been lacking i guess, but here it goes...UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT!!!! :(  and thats not a good thing!!! Unfortunately, i believe this place has gone WAY DOWN HILL!!!! The ONLY reason this place even gets two starts still is because of Brian and Kathy, and the other two cool server guys! They got a new "head chef" he SUCKS!!! Is trying to save $$ and is skimping on things.. no more crab on the cucumber salad, one one bowl of edamame per table or they charge (which one is enough for us, but come on!) They changed their menu and took off some amazing rolls (thanks new head chef) they just really lost a lot of what they had going on that made them what they are! So, like i said, 1 star for Brian (which he is at another sushi restaurant so i think going and seeing him there these days is a better bet) and Kathy... but the loss of 3 stars is for the lack of great sushi and the DUMB ASS NEW HEAD CHEF!!!!!!!!!!! All i have to say to him is........ GO RUIN SOMEONE ELSE'S SUSHI RESTAURANT NOT MINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Which by the looks of B.K.'s review he might have done just that?? I didnt know they've been closed for days?? I will have to call Brian and see what's going on, ill post when i find out!!So, ive ventured out and Sushi Wa is the new hot spot, review of them to follow... The Ka, I miss you already.........
2	I must start by saying that i have frequented KA for many months since I was introduced in April '07.  When i say frequented that means or once or twice a week which became a very expensive habit that I "had to have".Sadly, times have changed.  Since the unexpected closure (and weeks before) service has changed.  The rolls have shrunk in size, rolls fall apart, my most favored rolls were removed from the menu and their BESt server, Kathy, is also gone.I will upgrade my rating to 2 stars for their saving grace - Brian an AWESOME sushi chef who knows how to throw down on some sushi!What happened to my beloved Ka?
2	Definitely not my favorite sushi place in Vegas. . .The wait staff are all very friendly, and I like the late hours, but this place had a weird smell (literally, it smelled bad inside), and the sushi chefs had a hard time understanding what I wanted to order -- in English and in Japanese.  The food was passable, but there was nothing special about it, and it was definitely over-priced.
1	This place was really good back when David was around to take care of it. Now, its just in shambles. Red tapes and temporarily closed was bad enough but all you can eat sushi?! What happened to this fine, prospective restaurant that used to be here???
1	Ka has gone WAY down in the short time it's been open. Last week they were shut down by the health department for a second time! I don't know if they are open again as of then but I can assure you I wont be going back.
5	I visited The Ka on my recent trip to Las Vegas, and... WOW.All you can eat sushi in the middle of the desert, three chefs, seats at the bar, fresh fish, an innovative, funny menu. I was absolutely blown away. I didn't even give Masa in NYC five stars (I gave it two), but Ka Sushi is getting 5 stars.I mean, this was incredible! I've never seen or heard of half the cool rolls that they had on the menu. I managed to put down 6 rolls and a full sapporo before having to call it quits. The Warm Springs Roll was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten in my entire life. I didn't want to stop eating, everything was so good. I haven't looked forward to going back to a restaurant so much since I went to Firefly for the first time.The ONLY downside is that they'll charge you for leftovers if you don't eat everything. We didn't get charged since it was our first time and the place wasn't very busy, but they did mention the rule.GO TO THE KA, unreal good. Highest recommendation. Better than being naked on a playground with 24 nine year olds.
2	It's been a while and we keep giving it a try, but ever since the Police tape and the booth removal, it's gone down hill.  Sushi is usually on the good to really good side but the service is hit and miss.  And usually a huge miss.  And really, after all this time, could you not get a stall around the men's toilet?  Suggest Spicy Tuna next to Trader Joe's on Eastern if you want to taste what The Ka used to be.
5	THIS IS "MY SUSHI RESTAURANT" IN HENDERSON (AND MY SON, TRISTAN'S, TOO)It is a sign o' the times when you roll up to your favorite sushi bar and there's a big ole sticker on it saying they are closed for good. (We arrived at that place at the same time as two guys did and they were expecting to use their full punch cards for FREE sushi! Double bummer for them!) Necessity being the mother of invention and the stepmother of exploration, we set out to find our next favorite sushi spot. We had just moved near the intersection of Green Valley and Warm Springs and had seen the banners outside the Ka and since it is literally one mile walking distance to our front door, we thought to check it out. And MAN were we glad we did! It has become our favorite All-You-Can-Eat (AYCE) sushi places in Vegas. From reading the past Yelp reviews spanning the last two years it sounds like this place has gone through some serious changes. You can see the date on this review. I have no clue what it was like before (when there were booths?) or what the other management or chefs were like back then. All I can comment on is what's going on in the Summer of '09, and my report is very favorable. To begin with, the atmosphere is nicer than most sushi places in Vegas. The sushi bar itself is a large square with seating in three full sides which means there is plenty of sushi bar seating available. (I much prefer this over the sushi bars that are just one long side with the sushi chefs standing behind it.) The one thing that drives me nuts about the sushi bar is that it is two tiered so that there is about an 8 inch ledge close to you that is flat to put your plate on. But there is a 6 inch ledge that is about an inch higher and it is slanted down towards you where you might think to put your drink or soy sauce concoction BUT DON'T: shit slides off of there all the time! Everything spills up there so it makes that space almost useless. The music is loud enough to listen to but not too loud to have a normal discussion. It is definitely not my kind of music nor any kind of music that I'd associate with a sushi bar, but the employees seem to love it and it doesn't bother us at all. The sushi chefs are very good. Their engrish is not very good, but then my Japanese is limited to "donttouchmymoustache" and "Hai!" and the various sushi fish names, so we're a good match. They are totally turned on by my girlfriend (she's a tall blondie), but they serve us kick-ass sushi so I'm cool with them checking her out while we're scarfing down all the raw fish that we can. The list of rolls is as long and creative as it gets. Some sushi places really like to go for it when they name their rolls, and The Ka is one of those places. Rolls with names like "Sexy Girl (Taste Like My Ex-Girlfriend)" and "I Love My Ass." Our favorite is definitely the Warm Springs Roll. The most creative roll is the Yummy Crispy roll (which really isn't a roll but mini-sushi-tostadas). If you're doing the AYCE (and why the hell wouldn't you be???) then check out the Yummy Crispy for a very unique roll that most people would like the taste and texture of. It comes in three different pieces so it's easy to split up. My 11 y/o son's favorite roll is the Tempura Roll, and if you're into fried rolls, I would have to give it a thumbs up. For variety, they have a good selection of cooked rolls (the Baked Salmon Roll is my fav). The one roll that the three of us do not like was the Baked Lobster Roll. The roll itself was nothing special and the texture of the lobster was not very good. My favorite fish is sake (salmon) and it has been very good the several times that we've visited. The White Tuna was very surprisingly good. The Cajun Albacore is only very slightly seared, which is the way I like it. My GF is pretty picky about her raw fish and she gives this place a big thumbs up. The Cucumber Salad is a big portion so if you're doing the AYCE I highly recommend you share it between 2-3 people. The edemame is properly prepared and nicely salted. We love mochi (ice cream in a rice-based coating) and they have both coffee and mango which are our two favorites. I think it's very odd that they only bring out one mochi per person when a regular order is for two. One extra piece of mochi per person is not going to cost them hardly anything especially when we could have eaten a couple more orders of nigiri at no extra charge. Still, the mochi is fresh and the cut it into quarters to make it easier to share. In Vegas in 2008-2009 the All You Can Eat sushi going price is about $23 for dinner. The Ka is $28, but for us it is worth the extra few bucks. They do have Happy Hour and Late Night specials (2-for-1 drinks) if you're interested. (I hate to fill up on any liquid when I'm going to stuff my gullet with expensive raw fish and expandable rice.) BIGGEST COMPLAINT: I really wish they had a STAMP CARD for a free dinner after 8-10 purchased. GET WITH THE TIMES!!!
4	This is my first review via iPhone!  I just ate here for the first time since I moved out of Green Valley in 2007.  If I had seen the reviews from late 2008, I probably would have continued on to Claim Jumper as planned.  Fortunately, they have gotten their act together it seems, and they are now offering a $27.95 AYCE option (which drew us in).  The AYCE covers the full menu including kitchen food and dessert ( sashimi excluded), and it's pretty solid in the roll department.  Usually I just get a bunch of nigiri, but tonight we were in the mood for rolls, and the Warm Springs and Sexy Girl rolls were both very good.  The tempura ice cream included at the end was a nice touch that's not usually included at other places.
2	Checked this place out on Saturday night and left unimpressed.  The place was pretty empty but we were still seated in the very back corner by the kitchen (all the customers were seated against the far wall which felt a bit strange).  After being seated, we waited about 15 minutes for the waitress to come by to take our order.  Throughout dinner, the waitresses were all huddled around the sushi bar chatting with the sushi chefs, and they seemed annoyed any time they needed to check on their customers.  Plus, the music was blasting so loud all night that I could barely have a conversation.The non-sushi menu is limited and has only the basic chicken teriyaki, etc.  Also, there weren't any combo plates like other places offer.  I ordered a couple of rolls and they were fine (the spicy tuna was actually ok) but they were all covered in not so great sauces that were too salty or sour.  The chicken teriyaki came out on a huge plate and was all breast meat...however, the chicken was very very bland (the chicken appeared steamed and later topped with a little sauce and a pile of green onions).Next time, we'll stick with I Love Sushi...better sushi, better non-sushi, and better prices.  Plus, much better service.
3	I walked in and was amazed by the table set up and design.  It is not your traditional sushi restaurant. The service was okay/good.  They did miss one of our friend's order and miss my two requests for some hotter tea.  I ordered tea and it came out warm and little did I know that I was being charged for it! Anyway, the Udon was good and a little on the sweet side.  It was in a broth that I have never had with Udon before.  Their spicy tuna was good, but not the best I have ever tasted.  The lasagna roll was nothing special. The agedashi tofu was good, but not great.Nothing that stood out except the names of the dishes....... some that little children should not be reading!
4	This place is GREAT!  The staff is friendly, the prices fair, and the chefs are fun.  You're greeted with a yell from all the chefs and seen off with another cheer.There are $25 gift certificates you can get on restaurant.com for only $10 (and if you get them on sale for $2) so you can get a big discount.They have all you can eat for $28.
1	Holy shit , where do you start with this one. If McDonald's where serving sushi , it would have to be better than the dung sandwich i was served here. They try to fool you by showing this impressive selection of rolls, all with clever names, but they all have the same items in them, eel, Salmon ,crab, and a sauce. deep fried. The soft shell crab I ordered had a beer batter on it. I am not kidding , like it was a cheap onion ring. The salmon eggs must have came from a bait shop, they had no flavor, and I hope to hell I'm not going to vomit them through my nose tonight. The topper was when I ordered Toro, It was light green with a funny slime on it. I told the waiter i didn't want to die today and sent it back, and asked for the check. I feel lucky to get out of this place alive. If you want to get back at someone , get them a gift certificate from this shithole.
4	Tried Ka the other night, and not being a huge sushi fan, I won't judge the quality of the fish, but i tried a few new things that i did like or at least not hate. Loved: The bacon wrapped scallops were really good, the yakitori was prefect, also tried fresh wasabi for the first time and won't eat anything else now. The noodle bowl was good but the ginger was overpowering, not bad, just make sure you like ginger.Tried the Jalapeno yellow-tail and spicy tuna roll, not bad for someone who doesn't eat raw fish.The biggest problem with the night we went was the service, they are restructuring the menu and staff so there was a lot of confusion with prices and what things were available or not, but it was almost comical and won't change me opinion of going back.For most this might be a turn off but i kinda liked the 140bpm Japanese  techno music in the background, made you want to put your hands in the air and wave them like you just need more Saki.
3	I ate here for lunch and had the teriyaki chicken bento which came with edamame, soup, salad, rice, & California roll.  It was a lot of food for 9 bucks. Overall, the food was good but not outstanding. Nothing stood out, but everything was fine. The service was ok. There was one server and only a few tables with customers but he was still a little on the slow side. The dining room itself had the potential to be cool, but instead felt cluttered. The music was good and volume was fine. Overall it was just ok.  I would consider returning and giving the sushi a try.
4	When this place first opened the food was good and the service was good. Now the food is still good but has changed a little maybe less flavorful... As far as the service it sucked the last time I was there.I wish I remebered my waitresses name, I would list it so that you can ask for someone else... She acted like everything was a problem and that we were a waste of her time-Maybe she had a bad day but don't take it out on the customers!!!Anyways, we enjoy eating here:We really like the ambiance and the booths are private. I love the lobster roll, Johnny Roll and the Kalbi Roll- All yummy....The yummy crispie has oranges in it-Cool!!The yakisoba is good as well as the bacon wrapped shrimp.I think this place can really be good again if they change some of their employees (hire people that want to work-there are alot right now!!)
4	I would love to give this place 5 stars but I can't. The food is great. I can never pick out what to order from their menu. They give you plenty of selection and luckily for half rolls, you get to experience more. I've only tried a few because I always stick to what I like. Had I known about their AYCE, I would have definitely liked that. But I feel like their service is horrible, especially the young girl who works there. She always has an attitude and never smiles. I was also surprised to see our soda poured from a 2 liter bottle, though I don't drink much soda but I don't like flat soda either. And a problem is getting our rolls on time and right They always take forever and even when they do,  they still mess up on our order. This would be my 2nd favorite sushi place to go. And I want to support the owner, his sister was our alcohol lady. She owns Whale Island (they're under reconstruction) and we were there daily, we're not alcoholics by the way haha. Always giving us orders on the house and even taking sake shots with us. A cool dude the man is.
1	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times and it's still shame on me I guess. The Ka fooled me three times into believing they were a legitimate restaurant by serving delicious food. But Nick, you'll say, delicious food is the mark of a good restaurant. Yes yes I thought so too, until I experienced the utter disgrace that is the Ka's wait staff. I'd include management in the "utter disgrace" zone but the only time I've seen a manager in the restaurant he was busy downing a beer (seriously) instead of helping out agitated customers. But I digress. Every visit starts out somewhat innocuously. The drinks always end up taking a while but it's never a huge deal.  Besides, they'll let you know that they're understaffed. But once the first round of drinks come (cherish them, they're the only ones you're going to get), get comfortable.All three times the experience played out same: you get deserted, they eventually take your order, invariably F it up in some way, get pissy and repeat that they're understaffed, finally when you decide to pay and get the hell out, their POS credit card machine finds a way to keep you trapped in there for a little longer, whether its improperly splitting a bill or simply not working. Sidenote: Their air conditioners are currently 4 swamp coolers with large AC hoses running up into the ceiling. Just when you think the ambiance can't get any more classy, they dump a whole ton of loud, blaring dance music on top.The one star is for the food, which is solid, but this place has a service issue that I believe will not be remedied until management is changed, or until management decides to hire someone that knows how to run the front of a restaurant. I used to think those restaurants on "Kitchen Nightmares" were fake until I had not one, not two but THREE awful experiences at this dump. AVOID.
2	My boyfriend and I used to come here a lot when they actually served sushi. I'm only half kidding. But the last few times we came (which was in a matter of a month), there were always new servers and sushi chefs. One night we had 3 different waiters and it was frustrating. Let me tell you what else is frustrating: when their menu is not consistent. They never have Uni anymore and neither do they have oysters, which happen to be my boyfriend's fave. The taste/quality of fish and prep of their rolls has definitely declined. Plus when I used to order salmon sashimi I would get 5 pieces, now I only get 3 but pay the same price. The Screaming Orgasm used to be good, now I hardly climax. Everything else seems to be fried, so you might as well take your ass to McDonald's. I'd say the only good thing here is the edamame and profane rap songs they bump like it's Club Pure! Woot!
3	This place is CLOSED.
