1	DO NOT order from this place. I think this place is dishonest. They did not inform me my order was backordered until I called to check the shipping status. I waited for a week - never receive any update from them, they did not ship my order. I canceled the order eventually.
1	This place is a nightmare. I called 4 times to follow up on my refunds. It finally refunded me back the money after one month!DO NOT buy from this place.
1	I concur with the prior reviewer...this place is horrible to deal with. RUN, DON'T WALK away from this company. They have the most unresponsive customer service program around, they do not deliver what they promise, and they consistently fail to maintain adequate contact with their customers. I have tried to contact management in the past to deal with my complaints, but they shield themselves with rather powerless customers service reps....sending their reps "into the trenches" as it were while the middle managers hide from any responsiveness and responsibility. The CSRs (once you can get them) are polite and concerned but clearly without adequate information or authority necessary to resolve a problem. Find another company to get your medical supplies from, this one is owned and run by hucksters and sham artists....that....or incredibly inept business managers! It is apparent that all they care about is the profit with no concern about the consumers they are supposed to serve.
1	The customer service at this business is the worst I have ever experienced.  I ordered a pair of slippers and got the incorrect size because their website had the sizes all wrong.  Now I can't return the stupid things!  Despite REPEATED phone calls, emails and gnashing of teeth, I can't get the magic code number to permit a return.   It's slippers, for god's sake, not medical supplies!  They have the nerve to send me DAILY email exhortations to buy further products from them, but make it impossible to return the one product I was foolish enough to buy from them.   I wouldn't do business with these people again if they were the last mammals on the planet.
1	Don't Buy from Allegro Medical.  Three strikes they're out.  Sold me a product not as advertised.  Phoned and e-mailed 3 times to get it returned.  As of this date, no response!  So my experience same as the other two reviewers.  Incidentally, I gave them a bad review 7-5-2010 on their own system.  Only 1 star.  I bet you will not find it.
1	I ordered a blood pressure monitor from Allegro Medical on-line in mid-April.  I had to pay an additional $24 for "expedited shipping".  The UPS delivery came quickly but the monitor that I had ordered was NOT in the box; instead, there was an older (and cheaper) model. I called Allegro Medical's customer service and they agreed that they had sent me the wrong item.  I got an e-mail later that day that the monitor that I had ordered was "no longer available" and apparently the California warehouse decided to send me this older model instead.  At no point was I contacted as to whether this was acceptable to me. So I was told I would receive a pre-paid shipping label to return the item.  When I still did not have the label five days after the promised date, I started e-mailing Allegro Medical.  When I still got no response, I filed an on-line complaint with the Arizona BBB as well as put the charge into dispute with my credit card company.Those two actions are probably what any dissatisfied customer needs to do in order to get Allegro Medical to follow through!  It seems that an hour before the Arizona BBB notified them of my complaint, I received the long-promised UPS shipping label as an attachment on a terse e-mail. Medical.I sent it back that day and UPS tracking confirmed its' delivery two days later.  So I started a second set of e-mails to ask when my credit card would be credited; finally, another terse message that the matter would be handled by their "accounts" department.I checked with my credit card company today and found that Allegro Medical had credited my return the day before the item was even delivered to their warehouse!! So, I would suggest that if after making reasonable attempts to contact Allegro Medical, don't waste any more time and file an on-line complaint with the Arizona BBB.
1	Good products.  Horrible service.  I cannot cancel an internet order.  They tell me on the help line that they cannot even though the order says to.  Also they do not respond to customer service e-mails.  Do not order from these people as they do not have control over their own systems.
1	I have been dealing with an order since 8/7/2011.  Part of the order was delivered and part was not.  The part that was not is usually delivered the next day when ordered.  When I called Customer service they told me two times completely different stories.  The third call she promised she would call the company that it came from and call me right back.  They insist that I received the 2nd part and I did not. I disputed the charge with my credit card company.  I was able  to get a credit issued on credit card and then today in the mail I recieved an Allegro BILL for the same total that was taken off of the credit card.  Now I am  composing a letter to try to explain. Since the Customer service people on the phone are liers and do not do what they say they will do. This  has been an ordeal and has taken more time than anybody needs to spend taking care of an order. Once I have this experience with a company I do not ever order from them again. They have no customer relations. If there is another company that you can order from it I suggest you do.
1	Nothing but a place that steals your money.  First, it took so long for a simple order to ship/arrive that the patient died (really).  Trying to get these now-useless items returned was an email and phone nightmare.  The products were eventually picked up and, as of this date (6 months after the return), still no credit.I used to get dozens of emails and banner ads.  After the sole my money, zip.  This simply indicates we are looking at a deliberate case of consumer fraud/theft.Stay away!
1	I ordered  6 of an   item that was advertised as being sold in pairs   for a total of 12 units  When I only received 6 units  they  emailed back and blamed their vendorBasically take no responsibility for what they put on their website Complaint letter to CEO was unansweredORDER FOR ANOTHER SUPPLIER !
1	If I could give this place, and website a negative star I would.  DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!!  Customer service is terrible, they basically are going to send you the wrong products, charge you $40.00 for express shipping (wrong products showed up two weeks after I ordered)  Then they want you to pay to send the products back.  These people suck, and I hope someone reads this and changes their mind to purchase from them.
1	On 02/25/14, I ordered (1) "Etac Long Handle Back Scrubber and Body Washer" (item #187169) from Allegro Medical in the amount of $32.46 (23.01 + 9.45 shipping). Three days later, I found the same exact item at Amazon.com for $12.00 with free shipping. I wrote to Allegro (3) times informing them of this price and that I wanted to take advantage of their "Best Price Guarantee" without a response. On 3/28/14, I called Allegro (I was put on hold for 12 minutes) and was told that I would receive a credit of $20.46 via Paypal within 3-5-days. Because I had not received the credit as of 3/11/14, I called and was told that they would send an e-mail to that department. I have sent numerous emails without any response and have not received the credit. The following is from their website... Best Price Guarantee  Shop AllegroMedical.com with confidence and know you're getting a great deal! However, if you find a lower price (including shipping) on another website, we'll match it. Just call or email us, either before you've made your purchase or within 7 days after your purchase. Some restrictions apply. Read our Best Price Guarantee for complete details.I can only suggest shopping elsewhere.
