5	We used Ken on several projects around our house including the installation of a kitchen counter-top, electrical and wall patching.  All his work has been top notch.  He's prices are also very reasonable.  Highly recommend his service
5	You know the saying, "it is hard to find good help". Well, guess I lucked out when I found, Ken. I had just picked up a rescue dog and wanted the luxury of having a doggie door. My one obstacle was that I had an indoor cat. I needed to find a person who would not only install the doggie door (not a very hard task), but also build an enclosure of sorts to contain the cat! Ken was the "go to person".  He was able to help assess the situation, price out the materials, and give me a very reasonable quote. He performed the task and the result is a very professional enclosure completely made out of wood with a beautiful gate, all hand-painted.  The end product is far better than I had imagined!In contrast, I had called a number of other "handymen", fencing companies, and specialized gate businesses. One of the better known "handymen" went so far to ask me if I loved my pets. If I did love them then I'd better be willing to open up my pocketbook. The classic answer these other businesses gave to solve the problem was to slap together a classic metal gate with a post on one end with the other attached to the wall (Ken actually built a door-frame out of wooden posts with both cemented into the ground prior attaching the gate). Then to keep the cat inside they would have stretched chain-link across the top. Of course this all was going to not only be makeshift, but expensive.Ken was personable, knowledgeable, and very reasonably priced. I highly recommend him for ANY task whether it was to build or repair. Ken doesn't seem to care if it is a large job or a very small job. As a new homeowner, it is good to finally find a person that I can trust.
5	Ken was right on time and our work was done quickly and professionally. He was happy to explain what the underlying problem was and what was needed to correct it. The price was reasonable.  We were very pleased with every aspect of Ken's work and will certainly use him in the future.
5	I don't really post reviews on yelp. But Mr. KEN A 2 Z HANDYMAN will get one from me.  I'm going to make it very simple and short. Job was very well done and he's price is very reasonable. Definitely recommendable! Thanks for the job well done! Will definitely hire him again for future house projects.
