4	It's NOT closed and it's one of Las Vegas' largest cadillac dealerships.Provides New and Used auto sales  (mostly new/great stock).  It boasts a great and sizable service department, parts department, showroom and lot....  ---Someone needs to FIX the CLOSED comment---The staff are knowledgeable, prompt & pleasurable to do your business with.Sales MGR Vick was GREAT ---- A real pleasure to do work with...  Very good with price, bought both of my previous cars off of me at prices better than Car Max, and I also leased my current car with Cadillac West '11 CTS V --- LOVE IT!  The showroom/waiting area is very comfortable with complimentary snacks, bottled water and Starbucks!Would recommend to everyone!A+++
5	Two weeks ago, I noticed that the bottom of the front of my 2010 Cadillac DTS was hanging down a little toward the ground. Then, right after a trip from southern California to Las Vegas, I observed that the amount of displacement had become even worse. What I now know to be the plastic splash pan was dipping closer to the road, but I was able to manually push it back in. Then, after a trip from Las Vegas to Laughlin, I saw that this protective cover had come loose again and was almost touching the ground. The car had not been involved in a collision; I had no idea what had caused the splash pan to partly rip away from its riveted moorings. But it was now clear to me that professional service was needed. So, I successfully used a piece of gardening wire to temporarily hold the splash pan in place, received an estimate for parts and service of $343, and made an appointment with Doug of the Service Department of Cadillac of Las Vegas West to get the splash pan replaced a few days later. The day before I was to bring the car in, we returned to Las Vegas without further incident. My vehicle was promptly whisked away by a service technician very soon after I drove in to the Service Department; and because the time estimate for the work was about 1 hour, I decided to remain and grade student papers while I waited for car repairs to be completed. I got caught up in grading essays, and then noticed that 2-1/2 hours had passed. Alarmed that maybe something additional had been found to be wrong with the car, I left my comfortable leather chair in the waiting room to see Doug, who was just completing some paperwork with another customer. He told me that the repairs on my car had just been completed, no other problems were noted, drew a big "0" on the service order, and told me that was all I had to pay for the work. Zero! I asked why, and Doug's reply was "Why not?" "Because I caused the splash pan to rip out, and I know it isn't covered by warranty, " I answered. He just shrugged, and said, "We were able to get the existing splash pan back into place. I don't like to charge a customer for something unless I have to." I thanked him, was sent to the cashier's cage to sign for no cost service and a complimentary car wash, and in a couple of minutes my formerly very dusty car was delivered to me looking spanking new. How can this not be 5-star service? I felt $343 richer, the car was restored to its former condition, and my auto was washed! I also learned that the dislodging of the splash pan very likely occurred by the car's front bottom edge going over a cement barrier, and then, while backing out, catching the splash pan on a vertical piece of re-bar used to hold the barrier in place, which broke plastic rivets holding up the pan. This kind of exemplary service was not a fluke occurrence. When the transmission of my 2005 Cadillac DeVille needed major repairs or replacement two years ago just 1,000 miles after the 100,000 mile warranty had expired, and no transmission problem was detected at a California Cadillac dealership where I had the expensive 100,000 mile service performed, Cadillac of Las Vegas West service consultant Craig and its service manager claimed that they felt sorry for me, and backed up their words with action. The service manager went all the way to Cadillac's regional service manager to plead for and receive permission for my car to have needed transmission repairs (although not a new transmission) performed as if the car was still within the warranty period. And then, the end of last year, when the transmission really went out for the final time on my 2005 DeVille, the dealership took $13,000 off the sticker price of a new 2010 DTS, threw in a Phantom Footprints anti-theft package, and offered me a generous trade-in allowance on my basically defunct 2005 DeVille with 112,000 miles on it that was equal to the Kelly Blue Book value listed for a car with a working transmission! It was an offer that I couldn't refuse! Hence, I now have a 2010 DTS. Moreover, the last time my car was serviced here, until my vehicle was ready to be returned I was provided with the use of a Cadillac DTS from Cadillac of Las Vegas West's on-site rental agency, with all daily car rental charges paid by the dealership. I plan on sticking with Cadillac for the foreseeable future. During my law school years many moons ago I owned a sporty red and white Badger Special AMC Javelin with black hood scoops; later a racy orange Porsche 914; and still later a burgundy Mazda RX-7. But now, to soothe the arthritis that has begun settling in the joints as the years inexorably tick by, I just like comfort and luxury instead of speed and panache. So, I plan to remain a driver-owner of Cadillac automobiles. And, based on the superior customer service that I have experienced over multiple years, I will continue to look first to Cadillac of Las Vegas West for all of my Cadillac service and purchase needs.
1	Service totally jacked me. My Cadillac only needed a smog. I spent 4 hours waiting and when it was finally done I was charged 111.00 and told my service engine light was on (was not when i  gave it running to service writer who I watched drive it to the smog machine)  After the 4 hour waiting for the smog, I was told by the service writer, they smogged and it failed due to engine light on. let me explain,  I have been in the automotive industry here locally for over 15 years. I know if the check engine light is on it will not pass smog, so i would have never wasted my money in the first place! After I finished trying to flip the dealership over (with anger because of the lie i had to pay for) a lot porter comes up to me and asked me for a date, seriously??? My failed smog and 4 hours of wasted time cost me 111.00 and the time is not replaceable. I then had to go to a mechanic and get it fixed (he had unplugged a cord). Did i forget to mention when they gave me the 111.00 bill for a smog i never got, they also said I need 3,800.00 of work.   Again that was total b.s. i have been in this industry for over 15 years and though i look like a bimbo, I am smart and understand what b.s they were trying to blow up my bottom was just not true. I did not get those "Urgent repairs " done and low and behold  My car has run great every since, I guess those urgent issues seems to have been resolved by me driving it an additional 40k miles!!!   RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!   I know when I see a con like this, i did try to stop payment on the check but they ran it through like a debit card (they probably have a lot of people stop payment so they do it that way to ensure even if they screw you, they still get paid!!!!!!
1	I have a problem with the title on the car I purchased from Cadillac and I've called them many many many times to get the problem solved. Each person I talk to passes the problem on to a Sales Manager. But here is never a Sales Manager there that I can speak with and he or she won't return my call. I guess Customer Service ends the minute the car rolls off their lot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I like this place, buying a car was easy. I asked them not to do the 'back and forth to the manager and leave me in the office for an hour thing' that is usual Vegas Car Dealer practice, and they didn't. I have had a couple of services while I waited and all was good, no up selling or BS. I had a tiny oil leak and they wanted to keep the car overnight and I was provided with a Caddi loaner/rental from on sight Enterprise. No charge. Clean place with a lot of selection. Very good.
1	I brought my cadillac here for repair and recalls. Even though I didn't buy my car here I have a warranty that any dealership can accept. I was treated like a 2nd class citizen, and they brought my car to nissan because they didn't want to fix it since they didn't sell it even though they would've gotten paid through the warranty company. They also tried to charge me $150 to replace two break lightbulbs. My car recently has been acting weird so this time I took it to GMC. GMC said these guys closed out my recalls but never fixed one of them!! and they wanted to charge me another $125 to turn off the airbag warning light. These people are shisters.
3	Good customer service. It could be better. They need more employees tho to help expedite te vehicle maintence on waiting customers. My husband escalade needs servicing so I took it in. A simple door handle took 5hrs. We will be coming back only because this is his dealership but wait times suck.
5	The story gets better!  I took my 2010 Cadillac DTS in for regular 40,000 mile service (with monthly trips between California and Nevada we burn up 20,000 miles a year on this car) and for a problem with a new Christmas CD that got stuck in the CD player and would not come out. After a cursory inspection of the underside of my car by Craig, my service representative, I was told that oil was just starting to leak, which had been an identified problem for the Northstar engine model for this car, but sealing the leak would be covered by warranty.  Later I learned that I also had cracks in the sidewalls of both front tires: one a puncture and the other a missing chunk of tire.  So, they needed to be replaced for safety's sake.  I recalled slamming the front right tire hard into a curb that I couldn't see one day a few weeks ago when rain just hammered the Las Vegas valley, and roads were flooded everywhere.  That almost surely accounted for one of the tire problems.To make a long story short, after car repairs were completed and 2 new tires mounted, I retrieved my vehicle that now had a new $1,300 radio installed AT NO COST TO ME, enjoyed a noticeably more comfortable ride home, and then when I got home and inspected the bottom of the car saw that a brand new plastic splash pan had been installed and riveted together to close the bottom of the car ALSO AT NO CHARGE TO ME!  So now I no longer have to mess with gardening wire or zip ties, or worry about the front of my car striking the roadway, and my primary automobile looks like new--all courtesy of Cadillac of Las Vegas!
2	Called about a fuel leak on my cts. The service advisor didn't want to look up my information to tell me if my car had warranty coverage, and didn't want to even listen to my problem. He just kept cutting me off mid sentence saying "get it into me" and gave me the impression he didn't want to be on the phone. He also told me they would not have a replacement car for me to use while they serviced my cts. After I got off the phone I opted to take the cts to Findlay Cadillac instead even though its much further from my house and I had a great experience there. See my review for them if your Caddi needs service.
1	I went in to get new brake pads, a new headlight, and an oil change.  After servicing the brakes, the service department neglected to tighten the lug nuts on front, driver's side wheel.  About a mile from the dealership, the wheel came off the vehicle.  My vehicle sustained damage and the wheel became a rolling missile on a busy Las Vegas boulevard (Decatur).  Thank god no one was killed.  How the service department remedies the damage done to my vehicle still remains to be seen.
5	Maintenance was done for 2 minor recalls.  I received a loaner car while the work was being done. Everything went fine and was done on time. My service advisor, Craig, was a pleasure to deal with.
5	I had the BEST car buying experience ever! I want to thank Alex, Ryan and most of all Dave. They were professional and patient with my situation. They made the process of car buying quick and painless.Excellent !! Thanks a million guys !!
5	I purchased my Cadillac in November 2011, which was a great experience. I have been going through Al Smith for my service on my current vehicle, as well as my previous Cadillac, and have always been extremely satisfied with him. He takes very good care of me and my vehicle. I never feel like he's trying to get me to do anything that isn't necessary as far as maintenance and if I'm waiting for work to be done, he constantly checks on me to make sure I'm doing ok. He is very personal and always asks about my family. He never treats me like a number in a line. Thank you Al for taking such good care of me!!!
5	I have several cars from different manufacturers but I always enjoy my experience at Cadillac LV, my service advisor Al Smith is always helpful and accommodating. I could not ask for more. My experience is much better than BMW Las Vegas and equivalent to Audi Henderson who are also exceptional.
5	Initially, I spoke to Tom Moore, Service Manger, about a minor differential oil leak.  Since I was going on a road trip, he told me to bring my 2012 CTS whenever was convenient for me before my trip, and he would take a quick look to ensure it was safe for me to travel.  I brought it at my convenience, and Tom had me in and out in 20 minutes.  No major issue...just needed to have the vent tube replaced.I brought my CTS in for the repair a couple of weeks later.  While waiting for Doug Ellis, my Service Advisor, every employee that I encountered in the service area asked me if someone was helping me, if I needed help, or at least said hello.  I was acknowledged by every employee.  A+ to all employees, and that attitude disseminates from management.Doug is great to work with--very professional and has a caring attitude.  He knows I am particular about my CTS, so we inspected it before the repair and after to ensure that I was satisfied there were no bumps or bruises sustained while in the care of Cadillac of LV.  Everything was fine.While Cadillac of LV had my CTS, they were kind enough to provide a loaner vehicle since I had to get back and forth to work.  Michelle, the young lady who set me up in the loaner, was very courteous and professional and added to the pleasant experience.Thanks to all!
5	The staff at Cadillac is always very tentative. They always make us feel at home. The service depth is quick, precise, and no nonsense. Keep it up Cadillac of Las Vegas!
2	Purchased a 2014 XTS Mar 13th.  Instinct told me to walk out of the Dealership but I decided to stay.  After almost 6 hours I drove the car off the lot.  I am not at all impressed with this dealership.  Problems got worse trying to get the DMV Doc and as of Apr 3 I still do not have the DMV Doc.  I would not recommend this dealership to anyone looking for efficient service.  People are very nice but terrible at customer service and competency.
5	Ron our sales rep was great and very friendly.  We didn't spend more than 2 hours there from start to finish and drove out of there in a beautiful 2014 CTS VSport that is a fantastic car.  Everyone there was great and made us feel as if we were royalty.  The finance department was also very friendly and helpful.  I am telling all of my friends and business contacts about my experience and very happy to give them a great review.  Thanks again Ron and everyone at Cadillac West.
5	I had written a review on 4/3/2014 and finally received the "Green Copy" for DMV on April 11th.  It was postmarked Apr 10th.  Enough of that issue.  Today I took my 2014 XTS in for a Factory Recall.  I was very impressed with the service.  This service department is a very professional operation.  I rated it as 5 stars because it is truly a 5 star operation.
5	I purchased my 2014 ATS on March 31st. I had the best experience of my life. Don is just amazing. They have the "no problem attitude." I met People need to understand that things done well take time you don't get paid for the hours you put you get paid for the value you bring and boy do they strive on value not time. He made buying car extremely simple and met all my request. Al, Cesar and Johnny are amazing too
3	This review in no way reflects on Cadillac of Las Vegas. They have been awesome to work with. The salesman was incredible, the lease guy was great and the service department (Al Smith) has been amazing. The problem - we are seeing WAY too much of Al in Service. We leased a Cadillac SRX 18 months ago and it is a Piece Of Crap. It has been in the shop (overnight and in some cases up to four day) six times in 18 months. Computer issues, blind spot issues, front end issues that required some sort of part be replaced in the drive train, horrible rattles coming from all over the car. For a $50k car it sounds like a $5k Yugo and spends as much time in the shop as a $10k used Pinto. At least when it is in the shop we get a rental so again - the dealership is awesome. But you cant review a Caddy dealership without reviewing the car they sold you. If I were reviewing just the car it would get 0 stars. We will never (and I mean NEVER) own another Cadillac. If I could unload this one tomorrow I would but we still have 18 months on the lease. In 18 months we will turn it in, walk away and breathe a sigh of relief that we leased it instead of getting stuck with this lemon. So kudos to Cadillac on their amazing service - but honestly I wish we only saw them for oil changes like we have with all the other cars we have leased in the past 12 years (BMW, Lexus, LR3, Buick and a few others). So if you want friendly service, please buy a Caddy - but plan on seeing the service guys... a lot.
5	I am now on my second Cadillac. First one an SRX and now a 2014 XTS. I love both. The service has been excellent. Al specifically. i got a great deal on an amazing car. I am pretty sure I am a Caddy guy for life.
1	You would think after the 5th Cadillac, the next time you want a new vehicle it would be extremely easy based on experience.  All it takes is one person in the buying chain to ruin a business's reputation with a now "former" customer. WARNING! Make sure the Finance guy spells everything out to you and research everything he says before you leave his office.  He has only one goal and that is to make the dealership as much money as he can...he is not looking out for your best interest at all.  We requested to be financed through Ally as we have been with them for the past 13 years.  We were told "no problem" through the overview and test driving of the vehicle. Even when we agreed to the back-and-forth terms.  But once we entered the Finance guy's office, it was a different story.  He informed us that GM was "no longer associated with Ally" and have their own financial institution, called GM Finance. If you go online, you'll see what types of reviews and who their typical customer is.  Sadly, even with our credit scores in the upper 700's, he steered us to GM Financial.  I inquired if payments could be made online on their website as I've never heard of GM Financial.  The Finance guy said yes, "absolutely."  The deal was consummated. Weeks later, we received our first payment statement from GM Financial and we went online to make the first payment. To our horror, GM Financial only accepts checks mailed into their office.  If you want to make a payment online, you would have to use a 3rd party company, (Western Union) to make a payment plus pay an additional $10.49 process fee.  What type of alleged reputable financial institution uses a 3rd party to accept payments? This archaic type of payment acceptance was just not acceptable as we understood from the Finance guy at Cadillac of Las Vegas.When we contacted the dealership and told them this was not shared with us, we got the run around for a few days.  After repeat attempts to find a way to solve this, the Finance guy stated he would be happy to cancel the lease agreement with GM Financial and use Ally instead....however it would cost us more to use Ally than GM.  First, what happened to the earlier statement when we asked to use Ally in the first place and he said they were no longer doing business with them? Secondly, it shouldn't have cost us more as a customer...it would actually reduce the profit the dealership would have received as the kick back they receive is greater for pushing GM Financial.So a few things to recap here.  There is no longer any trust with this dealership when you have a Finance Director lie to your face when you are agreeing to leasing a vehicle.  Then lie a second time saying he can use your original choice for a financial institution after all.... The General Manager was copied on all email correspondence when this issue arose, and yet he did not even take the time to respond or find a way to make the buying experience better for the customer. It was if he didn't care at all.Again, it is sad to have many great years with a customer lost in just a blink because of the actions of a single employee.  Needless to say I am happy for competition as there is another Cadillac dealer in the Las Vegas valley that will now get my future business and those within my expansive network, because I cannot give my money to a company I can no longer trust and is only looking out for their own best interest.Was it worth it Cadillac of Las Vegas?------Below my initial review, is a comment from Jim O. of Cadillac Las Vegas who simply did a "cut and paste" job from an email received from the Finance Director, Ryan.  You'd think a company response online would be more factual and carefully researched, however they chose the easy way out.  It's unfortunate they still insist one can make a lease payment online to GM Financial without using Western Union and being charged an additional fee.  But if the employees of Cadillac of Las Vegas would just call the finance company themselves and ask them if this is possible, they will get the same response we did; "Lease customers of GM Finance are not able to use the online payment section of our website to make payments or to check the status of their accounts."  So sad Cadillac of Las Vegas operates this way and has no concern for the customer other than to push "Don't forget to give us 'Completely Satisfied' on everything when GM sends you a survey to fill out...."
5	Walked out of work and found I had a flat tire. Was able to put the spare on & immediately went to this dealership to have tire repaired.They quoted me a price of $20+.Actually charged me less than $18.Underpromise & OVER DELIVER!!!My kind of dealership. My NEW repair home for the Escalade!!
5	Quality friendly service
5	I brought my 2008 CTS to this dealership for repair after bringing it to 2 other dealerships without good results. The service manager Craig made arrangements for a car for me, then kept me informed of the progress. My car was fixed and I couldn't be happier. I would recommend this dealership to anyone. They price was also reasonable.
5	Unbelievable service and attention  Ron in sales and Doug in service are particularly helpful and competent.  We have had 1 Escalade, 2 SRXs and now an ELR from them and have nothing but praise for them and the cars.  GM finally got it right in the luxury division.  The free service that comes with a new car is a great bonus.  Even the Finance people were fine when we declined the various add ons they offered.  Best dealer we have ever worked with in 40 years of car buying and driving!
5	The service is outstanding! They make you feel like the most important person in the world, they are helpful, professional and go beyond of what you would expect. I will definitely recommend the service dept. to my friends.
5	I had the engine lite come on, so I called Cadillac of Las Vegas and spoke with Doug.He pretty much figured it out on the phone. I got an appointment in two hours.then when I arrived he said it would be up to $116.00. I said fine and went to the customer lounge,here I found plenty cold bottled water, clean rest rooms and comfortable seating with a big screen TV. I requested the channel be changed,(after checking with the other guests in the lounge), and I was brought the channel changer. The car was fixed in one hour and when I went to pay they said we fixed it at no charge. I have only  permanently relocated to Las Vegas area about one month ago. This is my first experience wit any car dealer here. I like it here, these people are much nicer than many other parts of the country.Henry Cordes
5	If you are considering buying or leasing a Cadillac, this is the place. Take the time to introduce yourself to these wonderful people. I  want to give a shout out to the crew: Bruce "Battle Born" Kline was my salesman along with Tom "Pilot" Fraley backing him up, Manny "Supermanny" Castillo and his Office Space printer made the finance work seamlessly, Ryan "Golf Pro" Hardy for making the deal work and twisting the arms of those bankers, and Steve "Radar O'Reilly" Briese for having everything under control just when I needed it (literally!). Special thanks goes to Glen Pirtle (General Manager) for managing the business even a super-critical guy like me can appreciate.Update to follow regarding service when available.Ok, nothing's perfect. There were small things like missing owners manual and a dropped CarFax report, but those are easily rectified...and what counts is the dealership has a culture of going the extra mile for the customer's business. Cadillac Of Las Vegas goes the extra mile for the customer's business.This dealership is a "Sonic Automotive" business that values loyalty from customers and employees alike. It took me four years (FoUr YeArZ) to commit, and that whole time the same crew was with me. How many people do you know work at the same place for four years? These guys work for a dealership and are successful and that's why the dealership keeps them. Grade A+ customer service.I'll be looking forward to many more check-in experiences with this group of folks for many years to come.
2	After moving here from San Diego, I took my Cadillac in for the recall inspection.  They told me it would be 30 minutes in and out.  After waiting an hour and a half, I had my vehicle back dirty.  I told them I didn't want the wash because I was tired of waiting.  Do not give unrealistic wait times just because you don't want to give a courtesy vehicle.  There were 4 other people in the waiting room, all complaining to each other.  One older couple had been there for 5 hours.  No acceptable, I will be going to Findlay Cadillac from now on.
5	If we had known that there was another way inwhich we would be treated from a car dealership. ..we would have bought a Cadillac and from here 20 years earlier
5	Just got a new 2015 Escalade after trading my CTS. The salesman Joey is at the top of his game. I hate to deal with car dealers but this guy made it easy. Thank you very much for the great deal.
5	Cadillac of Las Vegas is by far the best in service I've experienced. Doug Ellis is friendly, professional and efficient.  I always feel well taken care of and appreciated. Not to mention they always offer a rental which makes maintaining your Cadillac easy and convenient. Cadillac has the best warranty and scheduled maintenance plan out there,I'm extremely satisfied.
1	Just moved here from San Diego, had an oil change service and a replacement of a tire here on 2 seperate occasions. Both incidents, I was treated as if my time was not as valuable as theirs. I had long wait times, only when to ask of a status update to be treated like I was bothering them. At one point I went out to look at the new Escalades and the sales guys were very nice! Doug is my service guy and he just has an all around bad attitude. I have a 1 1/2 year old boy and he was telling him to burp and fart, very unprofessional. I bought my 2014 ATS in January, ran over a screw and took it in. Doug told me that I needed a new tire. I asked about patching it and he said that he doesn't suggest it due to it being a run-flat. Myself, like to stay safe so I would have bought a new tire anyway but if I did not have the financial means right then and there it would have been nice to have the option. After waiting over 2 hours for a tire replacement, my car came out filthy. I wash my car once a week so I know, it had grease all over the door handle and window. Also, the rim on the replaced tire was beyond dirty so I know for a fact that it wasn't washed. Today I recieved a phone call and took a automated survey, in which I expressed my feelings/concerns. Same day, around 6pm at night I recieved a call from Doug asking why I gave him a bad survey. He would not let me get a word in edge wise and was completely out of line and rude! I will not be returning, I will go the extra mile and go to Findlay. Maybe I am used to my old dealership actually going above and beyond but I assume when you purchase a 50K vehicle and it's your second Cadillac you should be treated as such! Also, would like to point out a short conversation between my friend that was with me and Doug. While Doug directed me to the cashier, my friend jokingly said, "I thought it was free", Doug replied, "What, are you smoking dope (in front of my son and myself). My friend and I just looked at each other, while Doug walked away he said, "well it will be legal next term". Politics aside, UNPROFESSIONAL!!
5	They are always professional and thorough. From the sales team to service, so happy I bought from them.
5	Never had the chance to visit this dealer as we did our entire car buying on line and over the phone.The process was simple and quick. from the first call to it being shipped to my house in northern california it only really took about 7 days.way to go guys thanks so much
5	From the moment that I drove in to the service area, I felt welcomed. My service representative, Doug, was polite, friendly and interested in providing top notch service. I was there for routine maintenance and he also checked to see if there was a recall on my car. There was and he explained the details to me and said that the mechanics would take care of it during that visit. The service center was comfortable and my wait period was minimal. I had some other questions for Doug and he provided answers and assistance. I'm very impressed. Thanks Doug.
