4	Brand spankin' new chain food! This place is a tad different than the other ones around you wont find the giant horses out front here and its a very open layout inside with giant light fixtures that look like drums hanging from above. Its a good thing we don't have to worry about earthquakes here folks! The hostess was totally pleasant I wish I were young and enjoyed my job as much. Our waiter was excellent he knew his shit. My sister and I started off with their white pear Mojitos they could have been stronger but they weren't overly sweet and quite refreshing. We didn't have to replace the drink with water during the meal so we just kept the Mojitos flowing. We started w the seared ahi tuna I didn't care for the peanutty wasabi sauce that came on it next time I'd get it on the side it definitely had a kick to it. I had the Buddha's Feast, fried it was nothing special I probably wont order that again I could easily make that at home, the Shanghai Cucumbers were good like always. My sister had the orange peel chicken and was told by the waiter to eat the peels w the chicken she loved it and we both had leftovers to bring home at the end.They had $2 desert cups we had the strawberry shortcake and banana split both were very rich and tasty. We left very full and happy for our Sunday treat.
5	Thank goodness they opened a location near me. I could probably eat the same dish there for the rest of my life... or I guess I could try other dishes too. But if it ain't broke, why fix it?
5	Besides the LaJolla, CA (UTC) location, this is by far one of the better PF Changs. YUMMY! I'm hoping it's not because it's still only 8 months old. (Crossing my fingers)! All the others that I've tried have been way too generous with the sodium in their cooking. Everything is prepared and spiced perfectly! The decorations and design are a bit more subtle than other locations, and the servers and rest of the staff are great. Note: I know they advertise that they don't use MSG in their cooking. But my mother had a very allergic reaction; which she gets specifically to large amounts of MSG intake. Maybe that's why the food is so AWESOME!!! (Oh yeah, mom is fine. It's one of those reactions that trigger multiple trips to the restroom before we can pull out of the parking lot. No worries. She thought the food rocked too.)
3	I usually avoid chain restaurants, but I have a weakness for Chang's. At least they started in Scottsdale, so it is a home-town company. This location is a little different than others and I really appreciate it. There are fabulous touches like the glass wall mural that really step the place up. The food is consistently great and the service staff are always friendly. I'm currently hooked on a sweet dish I never would have considered from the menu - its shrimp, honeydew melon and walnuts and is absolutely delicious. Every person I go there with looks at me questioningly, then thanks me for ordering it because they never would have. Sweet isn't your thing? Try the fabulously spicy Bloody Mary to really really kick-up your night.Yum!UPDATE: New management = less consistent quality and service. However, even though its a Chinese chain, they have one of the best margaritas I've had anywhere in Arizona. Go figure.
4	We had a gift card to use and it was well worth it. Drinks: 2 beersApp: Lettuce wrapsSoup: Hot and sourMains: PFC Spicy chicken and Sesame chicken, 1/2 white 1/2 brown RiceDesert: Mini cheesecake and mini chocolate cake$50.85, not bad. The service was great and the server Clint was great.
4	I know it's considered lame to write about chain restaurants on here...but I digress.I really enjoyed eating here. The only thing that wasn't good was the Moo Goo Gai Pan, but I've never cared for that anyway. Everything was fresh tasting, the restaurant was clean, and the waitstaff was friendly. Will definitely go again.
2	Visited this restaurant on Sunday 7.12.09 around 2pm for lunch. I walked into the place and saw a little bit of a difference in lighting from other PF Chang's I've been to. They actually had their curtains open to let in some natural light, which was really nice. You could see the place was clean and it gave the atmosphere a more of a casual vibe. I enjoy eating at places where it's a little more personable with the wait staff, which wasn't the case this afternoon. The wait staff on this afternoon wasn't focused on the customer, which was me. It seemed like a young crowd of wait staff that didn't want to work a Sunday afternoon. I didn't see any genuine smiles from them. They had the attitude of blah, blah blah, here's your food, bye. I ordered the peppercorn beef dish, and my husband ordered the kung pow dish extra spicy. For an app we had 4 spring rolls. The app didn't taste fresh, and the sweet and sour sauce served with it was bland. Our meals were a decent size but low on sauce for some reason. The rice was a little dry. And my husband's extra spicy kung pow didn't have any pow at all. So at this point I was asking myself, why eat here? I could have gone to any neighborhood Chinese place and have gotten the same quality of food with paying 1/2 the price.. I'm really considering being a little stuck up saying that these chain restaurants are expected to have a certain standard, and why can't they go above it to empress me to come back? I think in this type of economy I'm really going to start to eat at the more mom and pop places where you can feel the heart and soul that is put in the dinning experience. I probably am not going to go back to this chain because of this experience.
2	This seems to be good if you are not used to going out alot to fine dining places. It has a good atmosphere , cheap food but can still feel like you are going out for a night on the town. People rave about the lettuce wraps , which I find very blah, but I cant think of anything that truly stands out with any of the food here. This is a very safe place to go if you are with semi picky eaters or people who are on a budget. The kierland commons location I find a bit better because the area outside can be nicer for groups or in a date setting  with the fountains and courtyards. However , if you are eating healthy, even the healthly menu will leave you felling weighed down. You are better off eating at Ra for a lighter meal.
5	I enjoy their Lettuce Wraps! Very delicious. I love it. :)
3	Date night with my husband brought us to PF Changs last night. We go here a lot, mostly because it is close to the house and the food is pretty consistently good. We were going to do the prix fixe dinner ($39.95 for an appetizer, 2 soups, 2 entrees and 2 mini desserts) but I realized it wasn't THAT great a bargain and the prix fixe was very limited on what you can select, so we ordered on our own.  Our server seemed bored and dis-interested in us when he greeted and took our drink order. Hub ordered a beer, and I asked for a red wine flight ... server's choice. Drink service was more than slow ... 10+ minutes in a restaurant that was 1/2 full. Wine flight was worth the wait though, server made lovely selections.  Ordered the seared ahi as an appetizer. It was mediocre. Manager came by to ask how we liked it, we told him it was ok. "Just ok?" he asked. Yup, we replied. He said, "oh I'm surprised, everyone really likes it, but we're not a sushi restaurant.". Manager avoided us like the plague the rest of the meal. Thankfully, the mu-shu chicken was excellent and piping hot. The beef with broccoli was good, as always, but came out cold. White rice was hot, brown rice was cold. Server redeemed himself throughout the rest of the meal personality wise, in fact, I really liked him toward the end of our meal, but hub's beer refills (2 more) remained unacceptably slow.
2	Out shopping yesterday I was tired, hungry and sniffily(sp?) so I decided some Changs Lettuce wraps and Wonton soup were in order for lunch. The first time I called it sounded like somebody hung up. I've cut people off too so no big deal. Called back and sat on hold for what felt like forever until a surly sounding guy took my order and told me 15 minutes. I go there expecting it to be busy and that was why the guy was crabby but it was probably only 1/3 full. I walk in and there is nobody up front, so I go to the bar and wait and 5 minutes-no bartender. I go back up front and find and ask the host about the bartender and she says he'll be back soon so I continue to wait at the bar, no bartender no nobody. Finally the guy comes back and asks me "you have the soup right?" Yeah I did. I reluctantly tipped him a couple bucks and headed home only to find super salty lettuce wrap filling- like buckets of salt on it- and sub-par soup. I just had this soup less than a week ago from the Changs at Kierland and it was awesome. This one had a few scrawny looking shrimp in it where it usually comes with big juicy thick shrimp. And something was off with the broth too, didnt taste right at all. I have loved this soup for years and this was the first time I have been disappointed. Oh well, I will just avoid this location in the future!
4	Today we went for our holiday lunch at work and I was very happy and full when we left.  I started out with my favorite the chicken lettuce wraps.  I then ordered off the lunch menu so I got soup with my meal.  I ordered the hot and sour soup which went down in like three spoonfuls.  I followed that with the Moo Goo Gai Pan which was pretty good not the best I've ever had but decent.  Overall 2 out 3 items being amazing and the meal being good I had to give 4 out of 5 stars.
1	We went to this location, and it was awful.-Food was cold.-Service was terrible.-Our server even forced me to put my leftovers in a box with my hands.It was so bad I sent a note to PF Chang's corporate. They followed up with an email, basically saying they were sorry. They even had the store manager call me. You know what he did? He said he was sorry. Are you kidding me? I'd at least expect a GC to come back. Nope. I'll never go back. It's overpriced crap. At least at Pei Wei it's cheaper and you get your food hot.Here's my letter to corporate: Hello, I'm writing in regard to the dinner we just had at your Happy Valley location. I'm extremely sorry to say it was very disappointing. When we arrived at our table there were used napkins under the table, and the wrapped silverware I was supposed to use was on the seat of the booth. I asked for a different napkin roll (who wants to use a napkin on your face where people have sat?), so the server gave me one from a different table where he placed the one I didn't want. The food was ok. It tasted ok, but it was not very warm at all. I ordered the mu shu chicken, which I asked for the server to wrap in the crepes me. I understand they are not the most simple to wrap, but by the time they got done with them they looked pretty unappetizing. They were ripped and pretty rough looking. I would have told the server or anybody that our food wasn't very hot, but nobody ever came back to the table to ask us how everything was. I also was only drinking water because I'm pregnant and avoiding caffeine and alcohol. It would have been nice to have been offered more water at some point. It's disappointing to me, because we only try to eat out once a week lately to help save money. We thought we'd treat ourselves to a nice afternoon movie and then a nice dinner out. I selected your restaurant because I thought of it as more mid-upper scale. So, I thought it would be a nice treat for my partner and myself. Nobody ever came back to ask how things were. When I asked the server for to-go boxes he suggested I "take care of it myself." Basically, he'd already cleared everything away, so I had to put the mu shu chicken roll in the box myself with my hands. I felt this was sort of weird and inappropriate. I mean, better my hands than his, but it's not what I'd call a nice dining experience. Our server was just ok, but it did seem like we weren't that important to him - but maybe that's how he feels if you don't order drinks and apps - if he's assuming you aren't going to tip him very well. I always tip at least 20%, if not more, when the service is good. He was lucky to get 15%. He was fair at best. I found all of this very surprising because the restaurant was maybe a third full - so it's not like they were so slammed that things slipped by. The other sad thing is that we spent a good part of our dining conversation talking about where we should have gone for better Chinese food and service. Then when we left my partner kept commenting on how Applebee's, Logan's or Ah-So would have been better. Perhaps it would have. I noticed on my receipt a message saying I could take a survey if I had a code. I had no code or I would have gladly taken the survey with this feedback. I also noticed the staff trying to seat a couple at a booth where two young children had previously been. The booth was messy and had food on the seat, and the older gentleman had to point it out to the server asking her to clean it before he sat down. There were plenty of open tables, yet she was sitting them next to the kitchen at a dirty table. In fact, she was wiping the table as she sat them down - in a restaurant that was a third full! I hope your staff is able to correct some of this obvious issues. During what continues to be tough economic times, I think people are much more selective about their dining-out dollars. I know that's our case. I would be very hesitant to return to any of your locations after this dinner.
4	it was pouring rain and downright miserable outside, so birthday dinner needed to be close to home and pf changs fit the bill. we had the same waiter as last time, which was kinda funny. i ordered another red wine flight, server's choice, and his selections were excellent (again). he kept the beers and cold glasses coming, which made g very happy. service was attentive and authentic - i really like this guy. our food (beef with broccoli and sezchuan seafood - you can choose the scallop, shrimp and calamari mix if you like!) was most excellent and the beef with broccoli had lots of sauce. the standout item was the hot and sour soup ... i can't wait to go back to have some more ... i'll probably order it for takeout on chilly nights and when i'm sick too. hot and sour soup always makes me feel better when i'm sick.
2	The food is pretty good but we have gone in 3-4 times (because it is the only Chinese food in the area) and the service has been awful every time. We tried to call in an order and it still took them an extra 20 min then they said it would take to get our food. This last time they only had one server working. I felt really bad for the guy.
2	The atmosphere was nice, but I ordered the Mahi Mahi and it came out over cooked and super dry. It was like eating cardboard.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!!  Like others, I'm strictly gluten free.  Coming here and being able to choose between more than just a couple of items is always a treat for me.  I've never left this place hungry or disappointed.  The GF Shanghai Noodles are unbelievably good...and I love their flourless chocolate cake.
5	lettuce wraps!
4	Great place to go when your not on a budget.  All PF Chang's for the most part are consistent.  We enjoy this one to avoid the crowds and long waits.  Start off with their lettuce wraps or salt & pepper calamari, delish! Sichuan shrimp & scallops are the best and something I always order.  Sometimes they give me a hard time about splitting the order with shrimp/scallops, but not at this PF Chang's.  The honey chicken and spicey chicken are also good.
5	Food is always good... gluten free menu was fantastic addition.  Now have beers on tap, expanded the bar area with a couple huge tables ideal for those of us who like to meet new people in the neighborhood, and a fabulous new happy hour menu.  Service is outstanding at this location -bartenders are great!
2	My first time at PF Changs was at this location. This was also my last time at a PF Changs. It's not because they had terrible service, or bad food; it was because they just...didn't have anything special. I'm a die hard Pei Wei fan, and quite honestly, I feel as though PF Changs is just  an overpriced, watered-down version of Pei Wei. I felt like the portions were small and the flavor just wasn't there. I would much rather get an Orange Peel Signature Dish to-go at Pei Wei and enjoy an afternoon lunch in the park.
4	I try not to write too much about chains, but we came here for happy hour, we we went too familiar with their menu and we kinda screwed up our order and got way too much food, It was kind of a breakdown between customer and server, but we had to bite the bullet on some of it and still pay for more than we ordered, but they also helped out by knocking off a couple bucks and then giving us free apps the next time were in.
3	This PF Chang's location is conveniently located for the people that live in North Phoenix Metro.  I'm not a big fan of PF Chang's for I think the drown their food in way too much sauce and I don't care for their rice because it's almost always too dry and clumpy.  I do think PF Chang's is A~OK only because they offer a good variety of gluten free options, great tasting apps and my family likes coming here.  We are also somewhat limited with a few good places to eat in the far north metro area. Food:  My last visit I had the hot & sour soup ~ it was OK but would be better with some chicken or beef.  Apps were fried calamari ~ very good with a little extra salt/pepper and a squeeze of lemon.  Main dish was kung pao chicken ~ again way too much sauce, chicken was very good but the veggies were not cut even. As a result some were over cooked and some under cooked.  I was going to say something to our server, but with all that sauce it all tasted the same.  I asked for a substitute of noodles in place of my rice, but that was an up-charge... We wanted our little desert shooter to go which they don't make it to go.  Our server brought us a container to scrape our desert into.  Realy? It's a shooter desert and they give you this tiny spoon to use.  Go for the apps, have a cocktail and call it a night at PF Chang's.
3	my very first  3 star review!I had an early dinner with My Mom at Chang-A-Langs. It was good as usual. I am not a huge fan of chain restaurants but this is one I am willing to go to. We got the Dinner for two for $39.99. We split it between 4 people so it's a lot of food. Here is what we got. Choice of Soup (pick 2)1 hot and sour1 egg drop - not good. Appetizer (pick 1)Lettuce Wraps - Yummmmmmmy!Choice  of entree (pick 2)We chose Mongolian Beef and Honey seared Chicken. The mongolian beef was excellent. I didn't try the chicken but have had it in the past and it's a safe choice. If you take the kiddos I suggest that for them. Choice of 2 mini desserts. If it's your birthday you get a free one so we picked a total of 3. Carrot Cake - OkTiramisu - To Die For!Chocolate Cake with Raspberry sauce - Good.The service was good. No problems at all but it also was 4:00pm so it was near dead in there.
3	I am embarrassed to admit that this is the restaurant we go to the most. Reason 1) it is super consistent and we like that Reason 2) we live in the middle of nowhere and this is close to the aforementioned middle of nowhere. Reason 3) it is vaguely close to chinese food. Reason 4) my husband tolerates it. Reason 5) i can drink tea and eat lettuce wraps minus the rice sticks and not totally trash the diet.Now the goods...they have great service....sometimes too good...within 2 minutes of receiving our food we had been checked on by the server, the manager, and they guy filing our glasses. We weren't actually sure we could finish dinner we were nodding and smiling so much. The happy valley location seems empty compared to arrowhead so we prefer it. They are constantly filling your drinks. All in all they are a well choreographed chainrest. With zero soul but solid performance that will hold us out until our inevitable move into a more central area of phoenix.
3	Good food, friendly service. However, we were among the first to arrive at 11am and it wasn't yet busy but took sooooo long to get out food, or food boxed, our check, and then out check & card returned. We were only 3 people and it took almost 90 minutes. We had No special orders or requests.
3	I never realized how much fat this place packs into their food until I really had to look.  For being Chinese, what the hell??  It's nice that they have their nutritional values online, but so scary because then you realize what you're actually eating.Tastes mighty great tho.Service is ok at this location... it's been a hit or miss.  The prices are WAY too high.
2	Something is very weird about this location.  I have been going here on and off for the past three years but over the last 6 months or so it has steadily gone down hill.The food is still great, I'll give them that.  Not consistent in terms of spiciness but I actually take that as a good sign that my food is being prepared fresh and not just from a pre-made bag of prepared food.The main problem I have is the management here.   Service has always been good but the managers seem to get a kick out of berating and harassing the servers which ruins  the meal for me.  The manager would stand next to our server and tell her that we needed drink refills.  This was about 5 seconds after she said "I'll be right back with some refills."Later when she came by she asked if she could put our leftovers in some take home containers... seconds later the manager yelled at her to get us some to-go containers. Creepy and harassing and not the first time I have seen it.  A table next to us joked "what's with the bouncer?" Just not a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy your food anymore. Please send your managers to a restaurant etiquette class!
1	Nasty, nasty...dirty. Dim Sum happy hour was nothing to write about. The food set me back to not set in their doors again.
1	Thus PF Changs goes the way of all restaurants.  Always a fan of the restaurant, even with their exorbitant prices.  Well, as long as the quality lasts.  Alas, the quality has crashed down to the quality of your local Chinese take-out.  The two beef dishes, mongolian beef and wok-charred beef, both contained an unnecessary amount of fatty beef, the unedible kind.  Sorry, PF, if that's what I can expect, I don't have to pay your prices!
5	I had excellent service to begin with. There were great appetizers, good..not weak..drinks. For my first time at a PF Chang's, I thought the main course was a little mild tasting, which we mentioned to them. They went overboard trying to fix something that I wasn't sure was broken to begin with. The waiter got us a free dessert and then the manager brought a new entree. Honestly, I never thought the original food was bad. It was more a comment about the different style of cooking. Anyway, I never had better service but after reading the other reviews I hope some poor cook didn't get in trouble from my offhanded comment.
4	This is probably the best bar you can go to in the area, it is a nice higher end place for a drink (I cant stand BWW).  The appetizers are good, food is good, service is top notch but I never think of this place for dinner.  First off, you will wait and more than an hour at peak times and I would rather just go to Pei Wei.  Chicks love this place though so if you are single I recommend eating here everyday, ha ha.
1	I was sent a $20 gift card for PF Chang's from Klout. I decided to take my wife there today for lunch. Knowing that it would be busy I predicted a wait. They quoted 25-30 min's however it was only about 10. That was great. Over all the food was decent, However the 1 star is simply for the poor service. I could have gotten the same quality food from many places and gotten service that was far better. The waitress had to be flagged down every time we needed more tea, She seemed to be trying to rush us through the meal. At one point she even took the plate I was eating my appetizer off of. When I ask for a side of salad dressing it took forever to get this. When the time came for the bill it was dropped on the table, But no fortune cookies where there or even offered. Simply put the service was beyond bad. I don't think I will ever go back.
5	Large portions, great service, great place to get dressed up & share a date night with your loved one.
4	Lettuce Wraps were awesome. I had the peppered beef which was great as well. Perfect day to sit on the patio. Overall a great experience.
4	Although PF Chang's is strictly corporate food; this restaurant is bright ray of sun-shine in an otherwise desolate section of the city. It has a nice bar with a decent beer selection and I've always found the service friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant is large enough to accommodate 6+ for a business lunch or dinner and the noise level is on the low side.
4	I had lunch here with my mother, and even getting there at 1:30pm, it was pretty busy!  It isn't hard to see why - their lunch plates are a steal and a very good deal at $10 for a lunch portion, rice, and soup or salad.  We ordered the fried green beans to start, which, as always, were FANTASTIC!  Mom had the lemon chicken, which was tangy and sweet and quite nice and I had the Moo-goo-gai-pan, which was yummy, but a little bland.  She had egg drop soup and I had the hot and sour, which I feel is the BEST around!  I love PF Changs and am so happy to find they are adjusting their prices!
5	Great service! Great Food! Love the feel and look of the place. Will be going back.
1	I have tried this located several times and it seems each time I get a crappier waitor or waitress and worse service than before, which I didn't even think was possible.  Today my meal took so long that I couldn't even eat it there.  I asked for a box and had to take it with me to enjoy at a later time.  I have a whole hour for lunch, I didn't order anything crazy to make.  This place has poor time management skills and is very disappointing.  The only thing good about this place is Zach the manager and Nichole a server.  I guess I should get their schedules and only go when they are working.  What a shame to have such great food and have it ruined each time by poor service.
2	We found the food to be subpar and wildly overpriced (c'mon, guys, fifteen to twenty bucks for an entree that goes for $8 to $12 at most other places?). Bland, uninteresting lettuce wraps; mango chicken on the bitter side; Singapore street noodles that would never have made it in Singapore except perhaps as fodder for livestock. How this place established such a favorable reputation is quite beyond me - no one in our party was a bit impressed.Service was the high point of the visit. Our gal was was totally on the ball, fast, friendly and professional. But outstanding service doth not a successful outing make, and I have no plans to return. There are so many other interesting Asian places around for so much less money.
2	The food is okay, definitely not worth the price, Pei Wei is just as good maybe even better and it is much more affordable.  We received the worst service at this location multiple times and will not return.
5	The bar and wait staff couldn't be better at this location of PF Chang's.  The food and service is better than any other 'Chang's' country-wide.  We just moved here from NY and missed our "local hangout".  The bar tenders and wait staff have made us feel at home.  We go at least once per week for wonder food, drink, and company with the staff and other patrons.  Thank you Clint, Gerry, Nate, Kyle, Nick, Angie, et al.
3	Last time I was here I was having dinner with my father. I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered lettuce wraps and they were terrible. The server took them off of our bill, but that was already expected because I would not be willing to pay for such gross food. My dad was happy with his food.
3	Never an issue with service. The sweet and sour chicken always seems to be missing correct amount of chicken. But great quality Food.
4	This is one of my favorite PF Chang's locations because the decor looks different than the one at Arrowhead and the one at Keirland Commons in Scottsdale. The decor is very unique compared to the other ones. I love the tall ceilings and floor to ceiling windows adorned with floor to ceiling lush curtains. One wall of the restaurant is a giant Chinese water color glass art work that's is entirely backlit, which is quite an impressive feat for such a tall and large wall. The staff is quick, courteous, and very informative. I hadn't been here in awhile, so I was happy to know they still had the Banana fried egg rolls for dessert served with rich coconut ice cream!The mongolian beef mixed with sauteed green onions has always been my favorite and usually it's been hit-or-miss with tenderness at the different PF's I've been to. However, here, they have nailed the mongolian beef. It was tender and flavorful!The Spicy and salty shrimp is a more authentic dish and I was surprised it was even offered here at PF's, but it was very good here even though it had a more modern twist involved. when you order this dish at traditional Chinese restaurants, you eat the tail too, since the shrimp is so fried, it becomes tender - like soft shelled crab is. At PF's, it seems lighter and flakier rather than overly fried, so it wasn't as approachable to eat the shrimp tail in this case. We also tried the Thai fried rice, which contained lumps of crab, cilantro and some other spice within. This was super spicy and tasty! We loved this since it was full of so much spice.Another surprising addition to the menu was sushi of all things! First Chinese restaurants adoped the Japanese dish, Teriyaki chicken, into their menu. Now, Chinese restaurants are including sushi too? It's crazy hilarious to me! Nor does it matter... You can have your cake and eat it too without having to go to two different Asian restaurant types...
1	Honestly, the worst service I've ever had. Tried it more than once, and I will never return.
4	Great food service is good. Their scotch pour is excellent. Amusing to watch the Romanian community take over the place sunday nights :)
4	I had not been here in like 2 years, and then all of a sudden I was here twice in a week. First for a lunch with coworkers and then for dinner and movie with friends.I had the idea that PF Changs is kind of pricey, but it seems all the meals are big enough to share, or have leftovers. Also, a huge bowl of hot and sour soup (my favorite) is less than $6, so now that I am paying attention to the bill it seems to be OK.During these 2 visits I tried the following:Hot an sour soup (yummy!)Egg drop soup (OK)Wontons,Kung pao shrimp (yummy) and chicken (OK)Some special thai coconut noodles with chicken (OK)Some thai pad something : ) - (OK)Szechuan pork (I think, yummy) and othe 2 chicken dishes I do not remember the name. Kind of sweet.Desserts:Tiramisu, chocolate cake, some chocolate cake with peanuts or peanut butter, lemon cake, and some sort of fried bananas with ice cream. My favorite is the lemon cake, but the fried bananas were very good as well.Warning - I was very disappointed that they do not have the shot glass desserts anymore... they were my favorites. : (Servers were very good and friendly both times. For lunch our server was a tall guy with very short hair, I do not remember his name but he was very enthusiastic : ) He kept forgetting to bring me lemons, but I give him points for being so energetic.For dinner our server was Kasey, he was nice and friendly.
5	Well I went in and asked what the wait time was. The hostess said it would be about 35 minutes. I went back to the car and told my wife. We agreed to wait. Went back inside and to put our name on the list and were seated immediately, so that was awesome.Out server, Steph, was busing a table next to us, but put that hold to take our drink order and appetizer order which almost never happens anywhere. When she came back with our drinks we got our order in. The food came out way quicker than I expected.The Hunan hot fish was so freaking good. No joke. It was thick cut with a chicken like texture but was tasty like fish ought to be.  The crab wontons were also a delight. I tested Steph to make sure the crab wasn't from a can and she passed. We ordered the pineapple/coconut cake. Fresh and refreshing.As far as Steph goes... she was attentive, friendly, quick, took our orders accurately, and knowledgeable about the menu. She gave us the feeling that we were the most important couple in the restaurant.Previous visits here, we had Chris as a server and he was also awesome. A manager did tell us that we can request to either sit or be waited on by our server of choice when we eat here.
5	Hubby and I always enjoy this place. Typically after a few ours in the gym! Never had a bad dish. Ambience is perfect for a Saturday afternoon! Love the white tea! Not crazy about their desserts, but if love sweets, save it for the really good stuff!!!!
3	I've never been a huge Chang's fan.  It's okay but never my first choice.  I had lunch here last week and while the food continues to be average, the service was fabulous. They made my salad with the wrong dressing and brought me out a whole new salad (I honestly hadn't even noticed).
2	3 strikes and you're out would describe my experience with takeout here. Long waits for my food each time only to find out they forgot to put in my order or let it sit in the back for 10+ minutes getting cold. But that would be forgivable if the Pad Thai I ordered each time was actually any good. It's a staple, basic dish for an Asian restaurant! Yet when I order it here it has absolutely no flavor, not to mention it definitely wasn't cooked to be extra spicy as I'd ordered it! I even thought they'd accidentally left off the sauce the first time until I gave the dish one more try... and same thing, NO FLAVOR AT ALL. To make it even worse, the chicken was breaded and overcooked as if they'd thrown in some leftover chicken from a different dish. Fail. I wish they'd replace PF with a Pei Wei. At least Pei Wei knows how to cook dishes better and for less $. No more takeout for me from this place again.
4	Is this place a restaurant or a chill club? They have executed both effectively. We came here after beefing up our wine racks, across the parking lot at BevMo. And after standing in from the the menu board at Paradise Bakery and thinking everything on the menu sound bland and boring something fierce. And going to PFC was definitely a wise choice. Lettuce wraps are the way to start any meal here. They are out of this world. I ordered the ma po something-or-other, spicy. Wonderful! And plentiful enough to make two meals. The only thing that would have made it better is if the broccoli was in bite-size pieces. Perhaps that's why we have knives.
4	We go here quite often and the service and food is always very good. My wife likes to get the dinner for two which includes an appetizer soup dinner and dessert because for $40 deal can't be beat at a place like this.I would suggest trying the beef with broccoli and sweet and sour soup both of those are my favorites. This time I had one of the new salads, The vietnamese one one I believe. It was a lot of salad I don't really recommend this one. Overall a really fun place!
4	Serving amount of shrimp is a bit skimpy on to go orders.Also when I order online and pick certain sauces, they NEVER get it right and I have to end up repeating what I had ordered online. Seems very inefficient.
3	Very good for a chain joint.   The service is usually hit or miss though and mostly miss.  As much as I love Chinese food we usually go to Ah So if given the choice.
4	Usually when I travel on business I choose to seat at the bar to have dinner. It is less awkward than occupying a table by myself. I've had great service here at the bar, the staff knows their drinks and have always been on point when recommending vegetarian options from the menu. Not sure if it is the fact that Phoenix is not as expensive as my other business stops around the country, I found the prices I've paid here very reasonable for the amount of food and drinks consumed.Plenty of vegetarian options, wonderfully creative drinks, attentive staff and reasonable prices. What's not to like.Whenever you find yourself in Phoenix, whether on business or otherwise, stop here to nourish yourself. You will not leave disappointed.
4	One of our favorite places for date night. We always have good service and food. The egg rolls were not to my liking, but everything else was excellent. Ordered the Miso Chicken dish, with the Mandarin Key Lime Bar for desert. Usually order the  lettuce wraps and would highly recommend that dish. The excellent service added to the enjoyment of the evening.It is also nice to know we are supporting an Arizona based restaurant chain.
4	The food was great. Our Waiter was great. He was a Gentleman with a nice sense of humor. It was happy hour and the restaurant was busy. He busted his hump to serve his tables and never let us down.
5	This is by FAR my fav. PF Chang's location.  The dining room and bar are a different  lay out than the others.  Way more space in between tables, and better sound deadening materials.  You can actually have a conversation in here when it's crowded. The Happy Hour is amazing here $3 and $ dollar food items and great happy hour drinks.  They feature wine beer and mixed drinks , so everybody will be able to find something here. On this particular night Jerry was at the bar serving us and he was GREAT.  Never lets your ice tea , water or whatever be empty.  There were 3 of us eating and it was steamed pork dumplings all around.  OMG they are literally the best dumplings in town.  I keep ordering them other places, but they just cant hold a candle to these at PF Chang's.  We also had Orange Peel Chicken and Crispy Green Beans. Everything was excellent and the service was impeccable. I'm never disappointed here , food, service and great regulars.  If you are in the north valley and just need a bite or need to wait out the traffic or whatever its a great place to hang out.
4	The cucumbers with sesame seeds were really good. I had the new winter menu firecracker chicken which I really enjoyed. I asked for a spicy noodle as a side instead of rice. I really liked what they brought out, just spicy enough. My friend also ordered from the new menu. She had the red wine beef and she asked it to not be spicy, which they did perfectly. Chocolate cake to wrap it up which was tasty. Doggy bags for sure! The staff are always so nice and helpful.
5	Vote for Pedro! My waiter was awesome! We had the dinner for 2 with scallops and Mongolian beef. Omg! Scallops burst in my mouth. Thanks Pedro for an awesome lunch!!!!
4	After living in America for 4 years, I finally got to go and eat at PF Chang's. I was very excited and surprised by the modern decor and ambiance. We were a party of three and got seated after a short five minute wait. We quickly agreed on sharing the chicken spring roll appetizer, which was an excellent choice and the perfect starter to share. The sauces that come with the dish are all very tasty, my favorite was the horse radish sauce.Then we ordered three meals family style: the Korean bbq chicken, the glazed shrimp, and a beef and vegetable dish. I wasn't impressed by the Korean bbq chicken and mainly because it had nothing to do with Korean bbq. The chicken pieces were battered and fried and there was no Korean taste in the dish. Don't give me wrong, it wasn't bad, but they should call it something else to avoid confusion. The shrimp and the beef dish were really good, but I feel like nothing really tasted authentic. If you go there, you probably do so for the vibe and to pay a little more, and not to eat authentic food, so set your expectations accordingly. I still really enjoyed myself and will probably be back for a more fancier Asian meal experience.
3	Service was fantastic.  I ordered a hodge podge since it was happy hour specials.  I got the wonton soup, calamari, and steamed pork rolls, and we shared crab wontons.  The crab wontons were good, and the sauce was really good.  The steamed rolls were very good too.  The calamari was rubbery and lacked seasoning.  The wonton soup is decent.
5	We happened to be in town and had a gift card for PF Chang's so we decided to have dinner here. It was Mother's Day and the wait time for a table was an hour. We needed to catch a flight and they offered immediate seating at the bar even with our daughter who is a minor.  We had dinner and non alcoholic beverages which were excellent.  The bartenders provided excellent and friendly service.  We ordered my favorite chicken lettuce wraps, lo mein, ma po tofu, and tuna tataki. Food was served quickly and everything was delicious.  There was a lot of food left however we were unable to take it since we were traveling.  We were able to enjoy our meal and make it to the airport in plenty of time.  We have dined at other PF Chang's locations and will continue to do so in the future.
2	This location was a let down from any other PF's I been too. The orange chicken looked and tasted like it had been under a heat lamp for days. The salmon was flavorless and asparagus soggy. I felt like I put my money right into the toilet, grabbed a swish stick, and watched it go down. If the food was what I'm used to from other locations the following would not be so much a problem, this location is the size of postage stamp. Poor outdoor area and very cramped inside. Makes for a loud environment that kills any ambiance.
3	There are some entrees that the restaurant chain P.F.Changs does well, and it does them consistently well across multiple locations. They have a few signature dishes like the Pepper Steak, Dali Chicken, Singapore Street Noodles, Grilled Salmon, etc. that are good and they taste the same no matter at what location you eat. About once or twice every year, the restaurant comes up with a seasonal menu and usually most of the items on that menu are good.There is really nothing in the menu that makes you love or hate a restaurant chain like P.F.Changs since chains like these usually come to the rescue when you at a new location or just too tired to venture out and try something new. It is for this reason alone and for its consistent food quality that I like P.F.Changs.
3	Hit and miss menu options.  Always enjoy the hot sour soup and Kung Pao Scallops and Shrimp.  Edgy atmosphere and cool bathrooms if you have the urge.Used to be a unique dining experience but now food is predictable and unspectacular.
5	Just moved to are and have celiac disease and they have a great gluten free menu. Atmosphere is great and service is outstanding!
2	Worst service I have had in a long time. This place has really gone down hill. We were there for two hours. We placed our order as soon as we sat down and it took forever. Waiter didn't refill my drink one time. Took around 20,min to pay credit card machine was down. I felt like I was in red robin about 100 kids in there. Overpriced crappy service played out restaurant. Waiter came by table one time. Joke for nice place. I rather go to olive garden and get good service.
1	I have dined here many times since I live nearby but no more.   The first thing you notice about this place when you walk in are dirty tables.   I don't know if they don't hire bus people but the place always looks filthy.   Second, the food is always EXTREMELY greasy.   They are way too heavy handed with the oils when they cook.   I always have a stomach ache when leaving.   The beef is so chewy you have to spit out half your meal since it is inedible.  Third, service is awful.   Non attentive and they don't know the menu too well.   When you ask a server a question about a specific food item they never know the answer.  Management rude.   I signed up to be on the e-mail list.  They sent me a promotional coupon which I used.  About three weeks later they sent another coupon.   I tried to use that one but the manager told me I already used it.   Why would they send me out another coupon if I already used it?  Especially three weeks later?   I cannot recommend this place.
4	We have eaten here several times and never really had a bad experience. The setting is quiet and relaxing. I have never been disappointed with anything we have ordered and yes....they have sake bombers!My favorite order is the starting with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps fallowed by the Shrimp with Lobster sauce. Just writing it makes my mouth water. If that doesn't sound like you thing, no worries. They have a very full menu and like I said, I have never been disappointed with anything else we have ordered.If you have never been you need to go. I know some people try to stay away from chain food restaurants because they think they aren't as good as mom and pop places. I am telling you that this is not a chain food restaurant that disappoints.
5	We had an exceptional experience here at lunch today. The operating partner, Blaine made sure we were quickly seated going the extra mile to clean the table himself. My husband really wanted a booth, and Blaine made sure we got one. Our waiter, Victor was very accommodating and respectful. He was prompt as well. He made sure I got the vegetarian substitution for my meal, and it was very good. In our experience, it is always a good experience at this restaurant, but today was perfect.
5	Love the workers very nice service is great food is good! Never regret coming here! Always satisfying!! No reason to not give it a 5 out of 5!
5	Great service and food, the restaurant is always clean and run smoothly. Take out does take a bit long so plan on ten minutes later then quoted.
5	Great food and great service. Server was very patient w my kids. The kids love the orange chicken and rice.
3	The food and service are acceptable. The new prices, particularly for the bottled beer are not. We ate here 3-4 times per week but now that bottled beer is $6 for beer that retails at $1 or less per bottle in the package stores we have decided to go elsewhere. The restaurant Ah So about 50 feet from Changs has Sierra Nevada on tap for $3, a larger portion for less than half the price. The food is very good...so...guess where we are now going to be 3-4 times per week.
1	decided to come here for dinner with the boo! we got the dinner for two special. initially service was fantastic but after that, it was downhills from there. no one once checked back on us and everything was super salty! I feel like the roof of my mouth is raw from all the salt! the lettuce wraps were salty, the ribs were salty, the cup of hot and sour soup was a bowel of salt. on top of that, my water cup has been emptied since I arrived. I understand that it's busy, but it would be nice for them to notice a bit. I love the lettuce wraps but will never return. I got up and grabbed to go boxes myself to to go our food. I'm still waiting for our dessert. it's been about thirty minutes!
3	My luck with PF Chang's has been erratic.  There are times when some of the entrees are excellent and other times when they barely pass muster.  On our last trip (about two weeks before this was written) it was a miss.  The meals were mediocre and uninspired.  On this occasion I would have been better off at a buffet.  I just never know if the meal is going to be exceptional or boring.  The service was excellent and the decor pleasing but the meal was a bit disappointing.
5	First time ordering P.F. Chang's to-go for a group. Had a luncheon and placed orders for seven lunches. The website was very clear and concise. The meals were ready right at the appointed time. Both important aspects when ordering business lunches. The server walked me thru the entire order and showed me each dish. Excellent experience and I will be returning.
1	I wish I could figure out a way to post the picture of the curly, kinky black hair I found in my takeout AFTER I had eaten most of it. Maybe then I could also figure out a way to stop gagging.
4	We have always been a fan of PF Changs.  It's a great lunch place and great fusion Chinese food.  The soups and entrees are great.  They mixed up their menu a bit and some classics are gone (Sechuan of the Sea?  Whiskey Tango Foxtrot guys) although we can still order it a la carte.
4	Props to our server Kyle and the female manager working today around 1230. My friend is allergic to shrimp and she told Kyle this. He said he would inform the kitchen. Cross contamination is obviously a concern of hers. We ordered 4 appetizers and 1 main dish, we planned on extras to take home to the hubbies. Our food was served by a runner. Almost as soon as our food was placed on the table the manager and Kyle were standing by us. The manager had a list in her hand which clearly stated allergies precautions. 3 of the 5 dishes contained oyster sauce or another sensitive ingredient. I offered to put the dishes on my side of the tab and just move on. They both offered other similar options that were safe for my friend. We couldn't be more surprised when we received the bill, 2 dishes were comped. That wasn't necessary but it sure was nice. I really appreciate great service but more importantly I find the urgency in taking food allergies seriously. There was a slip in the system but the staff were right on it. Good job, pat on the back for you.
3	I need to really fight the urge to keep going back to this location of the PF Changs franchise. You would think that after enduring their often rude service, long waits, and food that is overpriced and small portioned, I would learn!But no..The most recent visit last night on Christmas Eve may have been my aha moment to go to any other location besides this one. When we arrived around 5pm, we knew it would be busy. It was surprising to see no one waiting inside, so when I asked for a table for two, the not so jolly hostess said "It's going to be 45 minutes to an hour"...ok, no big deal...but it's THIS place. So I turn to my wife and say...well...maybe spaghetti at home would be more pleasing? When I turned back to the hostess, she said outside seating is available. Hmmm, yeah still not good enough food and drink to endure cold. My wife then had to ask, can we sit at the bar? Only then did the hostess, annoyed, say yes. To the food and drink. The egg rolls were greasy and way over cooked. My glass of Malbec was either a concoction of blended wines into one, or it was opened 3 days ago. It was pretty bad - should have went with a Coors Light. The Honey Chicken and Moo Goo Gai Pan, the the $13.00 a plate price, just isn't worth it! The Gai Pan had about 5 pieces of very thin chicken. I don't know, maybe it's me, but I felt violated with a $50 tab for just so so Chinese food? I know the die hard PF Changer's would disagree. I actually like PF Changs, I just think this location at Norterra is an anomaly. It's like Pei Wei trying to be Changs...it never works.
3	I think Chang's will ALWAYS be a great place to have a date night. Great atmosphere, great food, it's really hard to go wrong. Even the service is always good! Sometimes when the wallet is tight, it's even good for lunchtime! One thing, though, that I have to say about Chang's, is the fact that I feel like they have a different menu every time I walk in! I'm a very decisive person when it comes to what kind of food I'm in the mood for, but changing up a menu is hard on customers who are almost regulars! Some of my favorite dishes change from Chang's to Chang's and I feel like I'm wasting my money. For example, I've been to three different P.F. Chang's and they all have a different version of the Crispy Green Beans-my favorite appetizer!
5	Great food and service! We are there at least twice a month and have never had a bad time. Kudos to the staff for knowing how to treat your customers!
