1	Needing a wheel bearing to be pressed on the front hub assembly of my vehicle, I was sent to this location as having the correct press to complete this end. After approaching a store representative and explaining my need, I was turned away. I contacted the person who sent me, and he said "it must be a mistake", and recommended I return to inquire again. I did, and asked some harder questions. In the process, I caught the man in a lie and called him on it. He then became confrontational, and I took my business elsewhere.
5	I received the best service I've ever had at a garage today at Big O.  This morning on my way to work, my tire started losing pressure quickly.  I pulled into Big O, as it was the closest shop on my way to work.  They weren't even technically open yet, but they saw me anyway.  The man at the front desk said, "You look like you're in a hurry," and took my car in before even asking me for my information so they could work on it with no delay. In just about a half hour, they had repaired the tire and checked my other tires.  Then the shocker: they didn't charge me a dime!  They just said, "Come see us when you have a real problem."  After how well they treated me, I most certainly will.
2	I had an alignment done here, and after I drove out of there my car is still pulling to the left. The guy also said I needed to have my air filter replaced. They charge some stupid price, so after I left I just went to auto zone and bought a new one for $12.00 and I replaced it myself. It was FINE. Not dirty at all. They were just trying to get me to spend more money.Also I overheard a customer complaining to the manager. He had been in there earlier that morning to have a tire replaced. He was back because they didn't even replace the tire! They just took his money and let him drive off with the same old tire. That's unbelievable. Good thing he checked it.I guess this goes for every shop... THEY CAN NOT BE TRUSTED. It's pretty sad.
4	The guys here are professional friendly & attentive. Been coming here for a couple of years and the service has always been steady. Wifi is a plus and so is the clean bathrooms.  I definitely recommend this place.09/06 Jason was such a sweetheart! I went in for my usual LOF and tire rotation but also wanted him to look in to my AC that was intermittently blowing warm at operating temp. He immediately asked me if I had any coupons and even said he would accept it on my mobile. Unfortunately I couldn't find any. He automatically waved my $30 AC inspection fee and I walked out only paying $46 for my full synthetic oil change and tire rotation. Yay me!
3	Friendly service...but it's a pretty busy location so you might have a wait.The good news? They have two TVs and an always "left out" remote so watch some Ellen (or whatever day time television you're into) and pat yourself on the back for not getting swindled at a car repair place.Tip: Check website for the tire you need first, and then go in.  They get shipments by 12pm on Wednesdays.
5	Very friendly and reliable
1	I went to this place because of a flyer I received in the mail. It said you can come in for a free air pressure check and receive 2 free Diamondback tickets. I needed an oil change so I went in. I was disappointed when I went in and they said they never even had any. I hate false advertisement with a passion. I still got my oil change. I got bothered with the typical up sells which I didn't appreciate after the whole ticket mess. After I was done they couldn't even bring my car to me. I had to go find it and maneuver out of a tight space. Definitely not going to return.
1	Poor guys, had a person leave their shop today and left one service tech in the service bay. On a Sunday when all the other Big O's around me where closed. I've been waiting almost 2 hours for a tire rotation. Enough said...Update July 23- I talked to a manager after a brake quote of $340 after 2 and a half hour wait. I wondered why so much after I just needed my pads in the back replaced and only paid 156 and some change. So the manager was rude at the end of our conversation and will be reported to BBB. BE AWARE OF THIS PLACE. They are independently owned and think they can get away with this.
4	Only work with Casey he is the best and most trustworthy. Be prepared to wait. Don't listen to the other mechanics there, only let Casey inspect your car and the work done. He's caught their mistakes and is all over it and super all over it. I'd give them 5 stars if I didn't catch one of the mechanics in a blatant lie. The only reason they are ranked this high is because of this star employee.
1	This is a long review but worth the read, this is a span of close to 2.5-3 hours this took place.If I could give this place zero stars I would. First got there at 1:45pm to have 2 new tires mounted on the front. I asked him if needed to use the rebuild kits for the tpms sensors and he said "No you don't have too" which was also told to me over the phone a week prior when I called around. Since they said we can mount and un-mount around the sensor without breaking it. So after that we went back inside so he can take my info and I asked about alignments, and the original cost was 69.99 but told me if i was to do it today he will do it for 49.99 and said ok sounds good. Then I asked him how long will this take and his exact words were "As you can see both bays are open, as in the tire and alignment so it won't take long about 30-45 mins" I agreed and had a friend pick me up to take me back home.It was now 2:55pm and had no call so I called them back for an update and they told me we haven't mounted the tires yet cause we are waiting for the TPMS rebuild kits. Which I was confused because the other guy said I didn't need it. Then the "Manager" told me about the laws and how they can't do that and such, and I said "Ok but the other guy didn't say I needed it and it was fine" Manager "Well it doesn't matter what he says cause we have to do it this way" Me "well yes it does cause I shouldn't have to pay for it if this was never told to me" Then the manager told me the new total and it was about 7-8 bucks higher then what it was so I was like ok. Then I asked the manager, so was the alignment atleast done and he said "Yes that is done, just waiting for the rebuild kits from our vendor they usually take 20-30 minutes to drop things off but today they are taking alittle longer"So I decided to give them 40 more minutes and had a friend pick me up and drop me off at 3:40pm, I saw they finally got to one tire. The front desk guy that I first spoke to told me they lost one of the TPMS sensors so had to get another, I'm like wtf ok. But don't worry I'll find it. 5 mins goes by and he said I found the kit and they will start the 2nd wheel. But after 10 mins passes no one was working on the 2nd wheel, I can see the wheel sitting there on the mount machine, but what happened was he lied to me saying he found it but really they were waiting for their vendor to drop off another set, cause I saw him with my own eyes. I'm like dude, you guys didn't even find it your vendor had to drop another set off. Why would you lie about something so small to buy yourself time. I then asked "How did the alignment go" he said "We haven't done it yet" WTFFFFF your manager told me you guys did it already. But that was another lie and then he says "Oh don't worry we will get you out of here in 15 mins" Me "You guys can mount a tire and do a alignment in 15mins!!?!?" They obviously think anyone that comes in there is not mechanically inclined, you can't mount a tire and do a alignment correctly in 15 mins. But at this point I just wanted to get my car out of there and cancelled the alignment. Cause they clearly don't know how to estimate time properly, which I noticed since 2 other guys waiting were complaining as well. Now the so called "Manager" brought me out to my car and said the tire your brought in isn't truly round and you can see the wobble so when you leave you will have some bad shakes, at this point, really the new tire I brought in. First I was driving it before and there wasn't any wobbles and when you look at the tire rotate on the balancing machine it was the rim that was moving so it looked like the wheel was properly secured on the balancing machine. Manager then went off saying "I've owned a lot of high end cars so I know what I am doing" why does that have anything to do on this situation, I don't care if you owned high end cars or a damn moped, that has nothing to do with this situation. So stop trying to brag or lie and finish my car. That was suppose to be done 2 hours ago.I then just go inside and wait another 5-10 mins for my damn car. Front desk guy says your car is ready. But before he gives me the bill, the so called manager comes inside and starts typing all these notes on my account. Too basically protect their own ass if anything would have happened.But then I get the bill and I saw that they billed me for 2 tpms kits, so I said "So you guys are going to charge me for the kits" Manager "yea we are cause you needed them and we have to legally do it" Me "Even though this guy right here said I didn't need it" Manager "Doesn't matter what he said" Me "actually it does cause you can't have 2 people saying 2 different things" Then the front desk guy chimes in "Well I mentioned it" Me "You didn't say I HAD TOO, and you said we can do without them, all your doing is trying to save your own ass as well"**Review** Continued on follow up
4	Been coming for a couple years now. They never try to sell me things I don't need, have often given me a ride home from the shop, and once even allowed me to make a payment arrangement during a dire car situation. Also love the Sunday hours, plus they check everything important in my car every visit. I once broke down across the street and they went and got my car! I'm also one of those people that asks a lot of questions and requires a complete explanation of every service, and they've always been patient and thorough in their responses.To address other reviews, I cannot comment on the tires, as I have only had preventative maintenance services and the occasional larger mechanical repair performed. And, yes, there is usually a long wait, but most of the time they give me an accurate estimate of my wait time. And I have never, ever been charged for anything I did not expressly authorize and sign for!
