2	I ordered a deep dish pizza expecting deep dish pizza but instead received what amounted to pan style. When I called to ask about the mixup I was informed that this was their version of deep dish. Making the crust an inch taller than the pizza does not make it a deep dish. The pizza was cold and wasn't the style I wanted so needless to say this was a bad start. The flavor was OK but not what I would expect for the price. The cheese sticks were equally disappointing. They were about 90% dough with a thin layer of cheese and no real seasoning to speak of. In the future I will be sticking with Salvatore's, Anna's, and Glass Nickel.
4	After a long day on the road, I needed to feed my pack of ravenous children and fast.  I'll admit - I did not have the highest expectations as I journeyed to Sun Prairie to pick up a pair of pizzas with my restaurant.com certificate clenched tightly in my fist.  But you know what; those Falbo Bros. pizzas I picked up were actually pretty decent.  While they were not at the exalted Salvatore's or Grampa's level of greatness, but they provided an enormously satisfying pizza feed for the kiddos and myself.The ordering process went smoothly - I placed my order over the phone and the person call repeated my order to confirm they had the right order.  She also applied some discounts to my order, even though I did not have any coupon codes.The tiny strip mall storefront is not well marked - I drove right by it initially.  This is definitely more of a carryout / delivery operation with only four small tables inside the restaurant and not much in the way of dining ambiance.  However, the interior appeared clean and well maintained.  As I paid for my order, the cashier asked if I this was my first visit (it was) and gave me a $5 coupon for my next online order.I was ready to tear into the pizzas after enjoying the fragrance of freshly baked dough and fresh tomato sauce during the short drive back to Waunakee.  When I popped open the boxes, the 12" cheese pizza certainly passed the eye test.  The cheese topping extended almost the edge of the pizza and the crust had that wonderful brown leopard spotting.  The crust had a satisfying chew - I believe Falbo Bros Pizza uses a fair amount of olive oil in their dough recipe to give it a degree of richness.  What it did not have was any sweetness, so they did not use sugar to speed up the fermentation process.   The well-seasoned sauce tasted homemade - it had brightness that most canned sauces do no have.  They spread the sauce evenly over the top of pizza, creating a robust punch of tomato flavor to balance out the crust and toppings.The cheese passed the stringiness and flavor tests and was browned to tasty perfection.The crust on the other pizza (a 14" pie with half pepperoni and half feta cheese and roasted red peppers) was a touch undercooked.  I cannot believe how much feta they applied.  All that wet cheese probably contributed to the underdone crust.After applying my $10 restaurant.com certificate, I ended up paying $18, not too bad costing the quality of the meal.  However, at full price, the pizzas were on the pricey side.So down to the important question, would I return?  In a vacuum, yes I would.  However, this location faces some tough competition, near long time local stalwart Anna's Pizza and one of my personal faves, Salvatore's Tomato Pies.  To be honest, I would probably end up going to nearby Salavatore's if wanted a pizza in Sun Prairie.  However, if Falbo Bros. Pizza opened up shop in my native Waunakee, no doubt I would be a loyal customer.
5	Love this place.  Really good meatball sub, pizza, and chocolate chip cookies. Friendly service, fast delivery, good prices.
1	I had an experience very similar to Collins. I ordered a deep dish but got thin crust with a hat. When I called to ask if I got the wrong order she assured me it was deep dish and asked if I knew what that meant. I do but they certainly don't, especially when compared to the quality deep dish that the other Falbos in Madison serves.  In addition to not getting a deep dish (that costs significantly more BTW) it took forever for them to prepare it. I actually had to call after an hour to see if they had forgotten about it since I was told it would be 35 to 40 minutes. I was really looking forward to their opening since I love the Falbos on Park Street but I sadly have to recommend avoiding this one.
5	Have had consistently good service and food here.  Love that they have slices in the evening (most places it's only lunch time) and they make cookies like my mom makes...so that's awesome.
