5	They say you find happiness when you least expect it and today, I stumbled upon my new-found happy place. I knew Paper Source was coming to town but I didn't know when to expect them. Then, while walking through the Scottsdale Quarter, I came across their newly opened store and I was instantly in crafting heaven!This isn't just your run of the mill paper store. No, this is anything you've ever looked for, wanted or hoped for that has anything to do with paper products or crafts. This shop sells everything from unique journals and one-of-a-kind sheets of wrapping paper, to mustache lunch pails and artsy 17-month calendars (that start in August '12 and go through December '13). Here you will find one-of-a-kind cards for any occasion. Here you will find products like journals, sticky notes, pens, recipe books, gifts for kids and adults, customized stationary and more. The lists could go on for days, but instead I think that everyone should just visit this adorable shop. Whether you are into creating crafts, looking for a gift, in need of a birthday/anniversary/thank you card, need a calendar, need a journal or simply want to get lost in happy-land while browsing through the store, just drop by for a peek. I also noticed that Paper Source offers a variety of classes, including holiday card making classes, wedding classes and more. So if you're like me and looking for new tips on getting crafty, this is your spot!
4	Store is amazing!! I love coming here a great edition to scottsdale quarter! The cards are funny, cute, amazing and one of a kind! Not anymore than your hallmark card! Sometimes I get ideas for sayings in my homemade cards. The items they sell are pretty cool as well like their props kit comes with sunglasses, a mustache super cute for a party photo-booth. They also have classes for a reasonable price. I love love the unique wrapping paper, and did i mention they also make cards cool stuff! Will be back, when I have time to kill or need some inspiration!
4	I was a regular at the Paper Source in Alexandria, VA - it was right down the street from me on King.  And it is HUGE!  I also love Kate's Paperie in NYC, so that's why this particular Paper Source only gets 4 stars, instead of 5 - this place is TINY!  I've been here twice - once during the Grand Opening, and again another Saturday.  Each time, I had to maneuver my way through the displays and other shoppers.  It was pretty frustrating the setup and small venue (again, as compared to their competitor and another store location).For realistically not much more $$ than say, a Hallmark card, you can get cute, quirky, and fancy greeting cards - singles and in packs.  They also help you design event invitations, but I've never needed the service so cannot report on the pricing there.  They've already stocked the 2013 calendars - these are absolutely my favorite and they make great gifts.  Each of the larger calendars has instructions on how to make a paper craft out of each of the months past, and some of the other papers sold in the store coordinate with these graphics.Last, beyond the crafty goodies, they have a great selection of cool/cute gift items - eg aprons, mugs, desk clocks, small kids (adults, too!) toys, and lunchboxes, to name a very few.  This is a great place to find a consumable gift, and the shopping bags and packaging make for free gift wrapping.Love this place - just expected a larger, more spacious location!
5	I found this store when I was looking for a store that carries large, loose sheets of wrapping paper that I needed for a project, they had a TON to choose from!They have super cute gifts and other little fun items, I will definitely be back!!
5	Love this place! I was lucky enough to be invited to Yelp's Craftacular, and had so much fun getting to play with some of their supplies- from pretty holiday paper to decorative paper punches to the embossing heat tool.It was great to see how much the staff loved working their crafty magic with the supplies as we made our way around to the 3 different crafting tables. We got to create an embossed wine bottle gift tag (or a door knob decoration if you like), a gift tag with a pop-out ornament on it, and our very own Holiday Card and envelope.   Once upon a time, I loved to do paper crafts like card making, but have since gotten too busy. But being at Paper Source reminded me of all the reasons I loved doing it before, and I can't wait to start doing some more again.The whole store is like a Wonderland of Paper Craft Supplies as well as awesome novelty gifts and cards. So there really is something for everyone- whether you want to buy a cute gift or card... or buy the supplies to make something yourself, they have it all.   I also really appreciated speaking with store manager Emily who talked a little bit about the store's dedication to the environment (their Paper Source products are made from at least 30% post-consumer waste).Their prices are moderate- very comparable to other paper goods stores. For all of the products they offer, the store is very organized and easy to find what you're looking for. The staff obviously loves what they do and are happy to share creative ideas. And they offer lots of classes (which apparently book up quickly), in case you need a jump-start for your creativity.Their motto is "Do something creative every day" and they really are the "Source" to help get you started on that journey!
