4	From the outside Daou looks a bit run down. Not so once you enter. The food is fresh. The service is professional. Don't miss the grilled meat.
5	I'm a falafel freak and Daou has one of the best falafel in pita in the city. The falafel balls are always fresh and the whole thing has a great tahini/lemon flavor. It's a big sandwich and I usually order it to go as a whole meal. I'm a vegetarian (they also have fab fatoush and taboule salad) but I when I've brought meat lovers there they are happy.  I've been going there for a good 15 years. Be warned that it is a bit noisy if you eat there and there are lots of people - but the food is fab.
5	Visually this restaurant looks unimpressive from the outside. The parking lot looks run down and dirty, it's located right beside a roach motel and the exterior facade of the restaurant gives possible clients driving by absolutely no idea what type of cuisine they offer which is a damn shame because this place has probably offers close to the best Lebanese food in the city.5 STARS.Really? Why?Firstly, this place turned me into a falafel freak. The falafel in this place is the absolute best, BAR NONE! They are always fresh, fried 'just right' and come with the best tahini/lemon sauce ever. I've had their falafel in a pita as well as a side dish with vegetables and it's always been the highlight of my meal. I've brought friends from other origins (French, Italian, Greek) and they have always been amazed by the quality falafel. My mouth waters craving their falafel at the THOUGHT OF IT.The fattoush salad is exceptional as well. Normally, I'm not a huge fattoush salad lover, my wife is and I've tried it here and it's perfect. I can't help but eat more and more of this salad every visit while I barely touch it elsewhere.The hummus is also particularly good as well. With the free fresh pita they provide this makes a great appetizer. It's tasty and tangy and goes down smooth. Be careful to not fill yourself up with this!Other things I've tried :The cheese rolls as well as the vine leaves are very average in comparison. We rarely order these. Next few visits we'll try other stuff.One thing folks will order is from their meat selection. Restaurant Daou has a variety of selection of meats such as kebab, chicken and filet mignon which are very expensive due to their low value. While they are tasty and well done but the portions are ridiculously small compared to the price you pay. For example their huge meat variety plate is priced around $25 and it only has 1 kebab, 4 pieces of filet mignon and a chicken breast with some side fries. This meal is good but is it worth $25? I think not.Make sure to shop for your items wisely.We're particularly fond of the Lebanese coffee as well as the Lebanese crepe stuffed with ricotta. They are very good but may not be for everyone.The service has never failed me. They are quick and eager to help. Thoughtful and helpful and you'll never find yourself running after them.The price. Let's just say, if you're going here for a full meal and you order the overrated meats, expect to pay close to $100 for 2 people. If you shop well and try a variety of appetizers, the delicious falafel and dessert selections, you can pay far less, somewhere around $60 or so for 2 people.I spoke of the decor on the outside but on the inside it is clean and warmly decorated. You'll have no problem feeling comfortable while having your meal. I've seen this place busy but never full, which is a shame because the quality is definitely there.The power is in your OWN HANDS!I recommend this place to anyone!Will visit again.
