5	As I turn that curve and see the hideous orange "Big!Lots" sign come into view, my dopamine neurons start a'firing.  Oh how I love you, Big Lots! I'm a girl who loves a deal, but who also likes to have nice things, and Big Lots frequently satisfies that need.  My 2 favorite sections are the housewares and dry foods, though they also have automotive, furniture, personal care and kids toys. Crockpots, Cuisinart programmable coffee makers, and Paula Deen cast iron skillets and roasters for $20 and less.  Blenders, dishes, glasses, utensils, not to mention the inexpensive throw pillows, curtains and seasonal decorations (I mean, who really wants to pay $6 for a Christmas cookie tin at Target when you can get the same thing here for $2) are bountiful. Then I love going to the dry food section and stocking up on Kashi & Pepridge Farms products, fancy European jams, & dry spices, then finishing my shopping at Giant Eagle and noting the price difference. Then, the best part, *the best part* is their Rewards Club.  Every so often, you'll get e-mailed a 20% off coupon that applies to everything in store, so that $20 Cuisinart blender is now only $16!
3	I'm thinking my joy for Big Lots is starting to fade.What was once a happy trip to pick up some unwanted items is now more of chore.  I feel like you need to put on some gear to go into the wild to find items that you may want or need.  Can definitely tell it is a buyout store, but not as bad as Ollie's.  The aisles are more organized even though the store is set up weirdly.  I always find myself going into to the store to search for an item and only realize I have forgotten to pick it up when I'm on my way back home.
5	I've reviewed other Big Lot's but this is my favorite. It's close and it has all the staples I need like TP (12 rolls for $5) and bold EVOO ($5). BL is also a great place to shop for holiday and seasonal decorations especially AFTER the holiday, when items go half off then eventually 75-90% off. I made sure to stock up for this years Halloween and Christmas.When I stop in it's usually for a couple items, but I always end up with a buggy full of this and that. The cashiers are absolutely delightful, they all know me by name and are so polite and helpful which is becoming harder and harder to come by these days.
