5	I have been here about 5 times, on Wing Tuesday.  I give five stars mainly because of the wings.  From Buffalo Wild Wings, to Hooter's, to any other wing place I've grubbed at, Native New Yorker kills them all.  They may not have as extensive list of flavors as Buffalo's, but the quality is far above.  Their wings are breaded, which is my favorite kind, and every wing that I've ever placed in my mouth from there has been juicy and perfectly cooked.  No dry bones, no undercooked drummies, no 'bottom of the bin' batches.  The asiago wings are something on a whole different level of chicken wing.  I usually order about a dozen of these, and then another dozen broken down into the other various flavors they have.The service each time I have been there was awesome.  Twice, our server waived the 'gotta buy a drink to get the discount' thing.  It usual takes a while for our orders to get ready because there is usually so many of us, but no one's food has ever been cold.  We get prompt refills, napkins, extra sauce or whatever else we request.  Friendly.  The atmosphere is great to me.  There are so many HD tvs around that you can see something of interest no matter where you're sitting.  I even requested that the channel be changed to a different game once, and they did it right away and with a smile.I love this place, and would go there even if it wasn't 'Wing Tuesday'.  It is a wing lover's paradise.
4	New Yorkers outside of New York strike me as really obnoxious. They're always going on about the frickin Yankees, bitching about how there's no good pizza for thousands of miles, or, when they feel sappy, whining about how they miss autumn. When I kindly suggest that they move back to this seemingly wonderful place whence they came, they always respond with some variation of "Fuck off." Just trying to be helpful!So I was a little skeptical of Native New Yorker, but that was dumb, because this is a first class establishment. Immediately striking is that the sports bar portion of the building is well-lit, awesome since its a rarity in bars around these parts. Who can blame a man for wanting a good look at the ladies and what he's about to eat? And what he should eat is the chicken wings, because they're damn good, and this is coming from a guy that usually doesn't bother because navigating chicken skin and tendons to try and get full is a pain in the ass. Naturally the wings are served in a variety of flavors and intensities, similar to Buffalo Wild Wings except delicious. The "suicide" flavor isn't overpoweringly spicy, but it certainly offers some kick. What really makes the wings special, though, is the texture. The very outermost layer of these meaty delights offers a touch of crispness that might suggest a brief moment spent on the barbecue, but then your teeth sink right into the meat of the tender morsel. Plus if you come just for drinks and aren't really hungry, you can order as few as one wing for the sake of something to chew on. Grand idea. Also, the karaoke here is pretty awesome because it's actual sloppy drunk people instead of American Idol wannabes, just like God intended. And the beer is cold. Amen.
1	I just don't get this place.  All the food comes straight from Cysco and falls into their fryer and onto your table.  The wings are lukewarm.  The service is bad.  The lighting is terrible.  The place looks dirty.  My wife had the fried fish and shrimp.  The shrimp were tiny and obviously from the frozen section of Costco.  So were the fish.  So were the curly fries (but those are damn good anyway)
3	Wings in Buffalo aren't usually breaded. I can't stand breaded Buffalo wings. The sauces were good, I can't deal with the breading. The redeemer for this place is that they serve Roast Beef on Kimmelweck. I did not try it, I am sure it was decent though.
1	Not impressed at all ! Food was marginal at best. I had a patty melt that was dry and flavorless, very few onions and barely any cheese. My wife had a similar experience with her hamburger. Service was average. Had an appetizer, Artichoke dip that was not memorable. Not worth a 2nd trip.
1	I have to agree with Richard's review.  Also, Junk should try visiting New York instead of just stereotyping based on a select few.My boyfriend and I walked into this place thinking it might help us transition a little easier to living in the southwest, as we've just moved here from New York City.  I'm originally from the Midwest, so I have no qualms about New York attitudes and food and J is very open to trying everything.  At first glance, it seems like it might be a nice place, though it is very dark, almost like a dive bar with no windows.  The hostess didn't immediately recognize us as customers as she was playing with her cell phone, so J tried to get her attention with a joke about native New Yorkers (the people, not the restaurant).  Her response was a hazy glance and a slow "what?" as she attempted to half-smile her way out of the situation.  Eventually we were seated in a room that looked like it was still waiting for decoration, lights, and maybe some barriers.  It was literally one big square room with about 20-30 tables strewn about and tiny uncomfortable booths lining the mostly windowless walls.  The kitchen opened into this one room via one of the corners, luckily we were seated across the room from it, though there didn't appear to be much going on.  We were there for lunch, though only about 3 other couples and a family with a horde of obnoxious screaming children were present for the meal, or lack thereof.  I immediately took note of the small portion sizes and the greasy sheen over everything, including the tables and seats.  By the time we got our menus, which were also dripping wet from just having been wiped down with a greasy rag, we weren't hungry.  The food on the menu is bland, boring all-American bar food:  plain old burgers, french fries, and finger food.  This isn't to say they didn't have spaghetti, BLTs and flash-fried fish, but I barely got past the first half of the menu before it slid out of my hand.  We didn't stay for food once our drinks (water, as we were never asked what we wanted to drink) arrived.  It was probably a one-time thing, but my water had bits of something floating in it, and it wasn't lemon.  Needless to say, I can't say anything about the food, but the service was completely lacking.  Also, I'm not a huge fan of dining in a greasy basement.
3	I have eaten here a couple of times before in my 2 years living in south Chandler. I don't remember my previous experiences but this time I was ready to Yelp.I went in for Friday lunch and received a decent welcome from the hostess. I was seated promptly and after a few minutes approached by my server. She was cordial and took my order.The order come out lightning fast, like within a few minutes. I barely got through a newspaper article when it arrived. I ordered hot and medium wings. What a disappointment. The wings themselves were below average in quality. I ordered 12 but only ate 3 and ended up taking the rest home, which I ate late that night.It seemed like forever for my check to arrive - maybe 8-10 minutes after I asked for it. The serve didn't appear to be slammed.It is a stretch to give it 3 stars and I won't be back. Sidelines across the street is much much better
5	Love this place. I make it there on Fridays for happy hour and the bar area is almost full by 5pm. Always something great to watch on their many TV's. Food is outstanding, for as long as I can remember I have not had a bad plate of anything. Wings are superb, nachos are best around! Friendly staff and the new management that is out on the floor greeting customers and checking on things. Highly recommended if in the area.
4	Just under .40 Cents per wing, Tues-Thursadays with a drink! wow what a deal.A nice excuse to hang out with friends to enjoy great finger food.  I also like the different layouts of the many locations.  I'm not a big yelper of chains but heres another one that is worth the typing.  These guys also claim that they were the first to bring Award winning Buffalo wings to Arizona, the website states it, so it must be true.Enjoy, Kevin
4	Great place to go with the kids and with large parties.  Great wings, and you can order as many combos and flavors as you want.  Thursday is .35 wing night!
5	My entire family loves this place. This place is amazing. This is the go to spot for dinner. I mean that we like this specific location. These people are great. Best wings around. I dislike the new menu, they took the curly fries off, but that's small potatoes ( literally ) Please go here. Be open minded. And ENJOY!!!
2	I grew up going to the Native New Yorker on Broadway in Tempe. That place is the spot! I thought this place would be as well. I came in here with my date on a Sunday afternoon after church to catch the Cardinals and eat my one of my favorite foods in the world:  Chicken Wings!!! First let me say, this place has TV's everywhere you look and we were able to grab a seat right away. I don't normally go to sports bars for Sunday football so something I thought was unique was they labeled all the TV's with signs for which games will be playing on what TV. Good if you're trying to stake your spot for the early morning and afternoon round of games. Service was great, our waitress was attentive and I have no complaints there. Where it goes bad is the wings were so sad. I always get "hot" wings, literally the hot favor ones because I likes the spice. They were so dry it looked like they have been reheated in a microwave. Eatable yes, but Native New Yorker quality, no. I understand these are all independently owned, so Mr or Mrs Business Owner, go holla at your franchisor on making better wings. Maybe it was an off day, or the cooks were really busy due to the Sunday crowd but for a place known for wings (they have a buffalo in their logo for goodness sakes!) ya'll could do a lil' better on the only reason why I would go to you.
1	I have been patronizing this location for year, at least once a week with friend and family since we all  live in the neighborhood and love sports.  Recently everything has gone downhill and the quality of food is terrible.  The wings (something they used to be known for) are awful.  They are not tossed in the sauce, as they used to be.  Now they pile them on the platter and dump the sauce in just one spot, making those couple of wings soggy & inedible.  They have also grown consistently smaller.  They actually served me one wing that was about an inch and a half long.  It looked like it came off a baby chick, rather than a full grown chicken.  Everything tastes like it is just being reheated in the microwave.  The overall quality of  the food is going down fast, most noticeably with the wings.  The only thing they still manage to do well is pizza.  But, with its host of other problems, is not worth returning for.  I tried to contact them to provide my group's feedback.  All I got was a system generated email letting me know someone would be contacting me shortly.  I have waited almost 8 weeks, and still have not heard anything.  My friends and family will not be returning to Native New Yorker.
1	Needed to kill two hours on a Friday afternoon and knew I could not go wrong with a Native NewYorker. Three things appeal to me when coming to one of these franchised restaurants: wifi, beer and wings.I needed to work (I teach online) and there wifi was spotty at best. First 10 minutes were great and then nothing. Just spun and would not connect. I even told my serve who just shrugged and acted like my needs were not important.I asked my server what IPAs were on tap and she looked at me like I was speaking Klingon. She had absolutely NO idea what I was saying. I finally had to convince her to go to the bar and write down everything on tap (not only for me but also for the next poor bloke who wanted a drink that evening!). I ordered what she promised to be a Sierra Nevada IPA but definitely tasted like no IPA I ever had before in my entire life (and that's saying a lot). I would've sent it back but she would've been confused even more.When I got to Native's I like the wings boneless since I am usually doing a work dinner and need clean hands for my laptop. I got my usual honey hot which had absolutely no kick to them and tasted a little like soggy cardboard. Not good at all.I watched the manager walk around and greet almost every single table around me, but never came over. Ever. I wanted to call him over and tell him my concerns, but I wasn't sure where to start & I just wanted to choke down the cardboard, chug my flat acid and get the hell out of there.
3	Good place for happy hour. Not much selection of beer and the place does get packed. Try the flat bread and their great selection of wings.
2	Good wings, good service, great drink specials...great neighborhood spot but I'm reluctant to return until they fix their Internet. Wifi is terrible to non-existent .Watching football on a Sunday in this day and age needs a reliable internet connection (could not follow my fantasy team). I talked to several people who left at half time because they could not get online. Money walking out the door for what should be a staple for any sports bar.
4	I love the food the service is good too!
1	Went back to NNY for football. I figured since everyone was complaining about the Wifi almost a month later it would be fixed. Talked to the bartender and some friends I know who confirmed it hadn't been touched. Still lots of people complaining. Such a shame because the staff is great, the beer  is cold and the food is good. After 1 quarter my friends and I left along with a few others and went across the street so we could get online. Come on guys even the NFL is wiring 12 stadiums this year for fans to get online at the game. Its money walking out the door.
3	My fiance and I come here often to play buzztime trivia since it is right down the street from our house. The food is hit or miss. Not very consistent and nothing to write home about. The turkey in the rye sandwich is pretty good and I would probably only recommend getting one of the sandwiches, wings and/or beer at this location. The burgers and apps can be very iffy. The service along with the food is very hit or miss. The last time we ate here two days ago it took at least ten minutes until anyone noticed or greeted us and we sat in one of the main booths in the bar area which wasn't very busy. Once we were greeted service was decent this time. A couple of times we have been here we have gotten a very ditzy waitress who forgets everything the second she takes the order and never comes to check on the table until after you are finished with everything or no longer need what you needed her for in the first place. On the other hand the manager Andrew is very nice and he goes out of his way to make sure his guests are happy. Any time he is working we have a much better experience. We will probably still go back to this Native because it is one of our favorite places to go to play trivia however we have learned at this point what to order and what not to order as well as the service may not always be top notch. I would recommend to this restaurant to be more consistent with your service and quality of food.
4	The food is good, its a great place to, an a great alternative to the Applebee's that doesn't care about customers. From the wings to the burgers Native New Yorker is good food. This is not fine dining, and I am not sure since I have not been to New York if it's like food there, but it's good food.Service is a little lacking at times but nothing to important, instead of getting an extra refill on a soda they might miss it. However the manager walks around and is good to notice and get things right, normally apologizing before you even notice.I would recommend this place to anyone, great for families as well!
4	Great food and service, can't go wrong with the wings. Took the fam on a Sunday afternoon, quick service and good atmosphere. Will return again.
1	I'm writing this as I sit across the street waiting on my food at Toms BBQ. I called Native to order dinner and asked if they had any specials. The girl asked if it was for carry out or eat in. I said carry out, after waiting on hold for a couple minutes she came back and said wings were on special for .55 each. I said ok I will take 20. Then she tells me that is only available for dine in. REALLY?  I told her it was a carry out order in the first place. Your restaurant is only as good as the help you hire and train...perhaps you should train them a little better.
1	I waited 11 minutes just for my server (Travis) to acknowledge me and take my drink order. It took him another 3 minutes to bring my drink to me (an iced tea no less) and to take my order. Plus another waiter had to remind my server to bring me my drink ... Not good service at all.
1	Bad food,, very slow service. Did I say over priced. Save your money eat somewhere else..basic hamburger taste bad. How does this place stay in business.
1	Disappointing experience. Service was pretty much non existent and food was mediocre. Our server seemed to be annoyed with us needing refills or anything else.
2	It depends on who you get to serve you.  Make sure you ask not to be waited on by Sweaty Waiter. It is so gross to watch the sweat drop off this guy.  He is so sweaty that he constantly has to push up his glasses.  One time I told the manager about him and told him he shouldn't be waiting tables.  The manager said his hands were tied because Sweaty Waiter was a friend of the owners family.  I told him that the waiter was disgustingly sweaty and he needed to towel off and have extra shirts.  The manager told me he does towel off and change shirts but it doesnt help.  Then later he sent him home and told us he was sweating more than usual because he wasn't feeling well. So gross.
1	Very long wait to times for mediocre food. I know the server was busy, but it took 20 min after we got our beer to order food. I had to flag her down.The mandarin wings were basically deep fried, over cooked, then drenched in sauce. The lime rub wings were bland. Wings out of store bought box are much better.Beer was good , but how can you mess that up. Native NY used to be 'the bomb' -now this place simply bombs.
3	Went to dinner there as you came in there was a banner for advertisement that draped in front of door that wasnt tied down. Customers had to avoid it coming in and going out.Decor could be brightenedup. Dark in the bar booth area more than normal. Dining area was open. Service was fine and we were seated immediately. The food was middle of road. I had cobb salad and my wife a chicken sandwich.The chicken in my cobb was dry but overall ok but nothing special. My wife's chicken was tender but sauce was very spicey. It was a disappointment since we were expecting a better than average meal. The prices were reasonable.
1	What happened to Native?  I have been going here since 1990.  The wings are so small and lack meat.  The price is ridiculous $.85/wing.  I went the other day with the family.  I will not be going back.
4	Eat here for lunch at least once a week. Place is usually quiet service is always good. Food is always good.  But then again I mainly order mild wings with sauces and tots. The new season tots are really good.  A must try.
4	We l-o-v-e their Reuben sandwich. The last two visits, the service was good; friendly and timely. Reubens are the bomb. lol Enough meat for two sammies!
2	Took my family here for dinner on a Tuesday. Chose this place over Buffalo Wild Wings. BIG MISTAKE. Food was horrible! Tuesday's they have .35 cent wings ( didn't know this until we say down and looked at the menu ) but the wings were super greasy, small, no meat, and tasted very bland. I hate restaurants that promote specials like its a deal and all the do is take away from the quality. Very disappointed and will never go here again. Should have stuck with what I know best, Buffalo Wild Wings!
1	Gross!! Someone brought a dog into the restaurant!  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE dogs, have 3. But I do NOT want them in the restaurant on wing night!  Waiter & food deliverer (aka manager) sat at the table with them. A little a "to" local for us, thinking they do not want new business.  That's fine, Sidelines serves their wings grilled! We'll be their regulars.
1	We are new in town and dropped in on a Saturday evening to check things out.  We walked in to a mostly empty place and soon learned why it was empty.  With nobody to greet us we made our way to the bar where a small group of seniors were found...they appeared to be regulars.  I asked the bartender why they don't turn down the lights.  He thought I was joking.  The atmosphere was uncomfortable so we had one drink and left.  Management is not paying attention.  When I walk out of a joint like this, the odds of returning are slim.
1	So bad on so many levels!!!Went in during my lunch break and there were three people in the entire place. (Should have been my first clue).  We sit at the bar top and order our food within 5min.  Bartender was friendly so there is a plus I guess.  She completes our order and immediately prints us are tab as they do at the bar top.  The time stamp on the receipt was 11:56am.    For this placing being completely dead we didn't get our food; which was just half order of wings until 12:45.   All we had was wings not that complicated. The bar tender didn't even acknowledge that we had been waiting for over 45 min. She found every task imaginable to occupy her time so as not to have to deal with us waiting.  Once the food did arrive it was avg at best.  Not worth waiting 45 min for.  I now see why this place was dead.  Don't even bother.  Wouldn't recommend to anyone. It'll be faster to buy a six pack of beer at Sprouts across the way, buy raw wings and cook them yourself!!!
4	Primary reason for writing this review is due to the amazing service we had tonight. Or waitress was Candice and she was way more than just an order taker.We sat at a table in the bar area and Candice noticed we were looking at the cocktail menu. Rather than just waiting for us to order, she smartly suggested her favorites and why.  We ordered drinks and when she delivered then she sincerely stated that she was going to take care of us. That if we need anything we should ask. It was heartfelt. It was fantastic to feel cared for by a restaurant waitress like that.Our food came and she was right there to check on us. We ordered a dozen each of the traditional hot and the BBQ hot wings. These were so good that we each finished em off.Candice brought us our bill and that was that. This was the first time I felt like tipping more than the standard 15% in a long time. She got 25% and deserved every penny.
4	I've been going to Native for 20 years (it used to be Native New Yorker).  These guys still have my favorite wings in the valley.  Also, the antipasto salad is fantastic.  My other favorite is the Beef on Kummelweck.  With horseradish, it's really good!I have had issues with slow service here before, but tonight it was very good and the waitress was super friendly and quick.This is a bar and grill type restaurant so don't expect something different!  For a beer and wings night though, for a reasonable price, I think Native is still hard to beat.
