3	Out and about on a Sunday morning and decided to stop in for some breakfast.  Surprisingly, they were packed.  Not so much surprised that they were packed because the bagels are bad - I've always found them tasty.  Just that it was so early and they were so busy.Now Bruegger's won't ever be a Starbuck's or even a Panera Bread.  But they are trying.  They have converted some of their tables to booths, and they have a few comfy chairs and free wireless.  But you're not going to want to hang out at Bruegger's.  It's just not that friendly and cozy.
4	The day has come -- I finally found a good bagel in Charlotte!!! Yay! Although not a NY bagel, Brueggers definitely delivers. Their bagels are baked fresh daily and you can taste the difference. They've got several interesting choices, and I tried the rosemary basil bagel with garden veggie cream cheese, which was SO good. They also have pumpkin cream cheese, which was extrememly tempting, but I thought it might be too sweet. Delicious! They also sell delicious items such as natural and organic peanut butter mixed with dark chocolate. They've got yummy sounding salads and soups. A great place to come for lunch, or for a dozen bagels on a Saturday morning.
4	I'm a fan of the Leonardo di Veggie sandwich, but I like to get it without the onions so that I can still talk to clients for the rest of the week. The Brueggers red onions are a little crazy. This location can get a little busy around lunch time, but the staff is smart and efficient and ready to handle it. I also like Brueggers' soups, when they have one that is vegetarian. They do a lot of chicken and Italian wedding and such, which I'm sure are lovely...they just don't float my boat. The coffee and tea selection is also great here, which is nice. And best of all...the wireless is fast and free! If you get here at a time that isn't overrun by the lunch crowd, it can be a great "office."
3	This Bruegger's has become a go-to for my girlfriend and me on Saturday and Sunday afternoons. As mentioned elsewhere, it's attached to a Caribou Coffee, so there's an easy kill two birds with one stone effect going on here. I usually grab a latte at Caribou and then walk through the door, newspaper in hand, to grab a bagel sandwich at Bruegger's. If it's nice out, I sit outside in their huge outdoor patio and enjoy my bagel/coffee/paper combo in the sun. It really is perfect for a weekend afternoon with good weather. Though a lot of people make use of this awesome outdoor seating feature, Bruegger's is never too packed; you're in and out pretty quickly. My girlfriend loves their Leonardo di Veggie bagel sandwich, which looks great. I always go with the roast beef, which comes with spicy mayo. Very good. It's pretty standard sandwich fare, but you really can't go wrong here.
2	The bagels here aren't as good as everyone said they would be. I actually think I like the Einstein's Bagel's bagel-cream cheese combo better. I personally prefer the plain bagel and cream cheese over the egg sandwiches because the eggs are kind of weird and microwavy tasting. The nice thing about this location is that it's on the 2nd floor of the epicenter and you can get there directly from the Aloft.They have some very good deals on breakfast bagels that are CHEAPER than Smoothie King. Damn you delicious expensive smoothies!Tip: I wasted $2 on a very very disgusting and watered down Iced Coffee. Avoid at all costs. Minus 1 star for that.
5	I love Bruegger's! I find myself stopping in to one of the three locations near my home & office about twice a week over the past few months.I'm a huge fan of their new(er) egg white & sun-dried tomato bagel. They always have a fresh selection of coffee - house blend, flavors, & decaf. They have even offered to brew me fresh coffee if I'm there in the afternoon. The fire-roasted tomato soup is also a great option.Above all, what stands out to me about the Cotswold location is their customer service. I always enjoy stopping in here. The staff is friendly and helpful, and I've told them so on numerous occasions. Last month, I stopped in here unexpectedly needing a dozen bagels. Despite it being a Sunday morning with a line forming behind me, the girl behind the counter happily sliced the bagels for me, while I picked out delicious cream cheese from their large selection. (The willingness to slice bagels cannot be said for another S CLT bagel location, but I'll review them separately. However, the Bruegger's positive attitude confirmed this is the bagel place for me.)To clarify what some other reviews have said, this Cotswold location is NOT attached to a Caribou. Others in Charlotte are, but this location is not.
3	THIS PLACE IS SLAMMED ALL THE TIME! Never without a line, I'm currently addicted to the Sun Dried Tomato bagel and it's worth the wait, but it's good to note to never go here on a weekend if you're on a specific time frame. Fresh bagels, with all the standards and a few surprises and good cream cheese - I am excited to try Poppy's soon but this will always be a great place in Cotswold to get some carb lobving :)
2	The other day, I had been itching for a bagel and hoped since they had Bagel in their name that they would actually have perfected the bagel. Well, not so much. They lacked the variety of bagels and Cream cheeses I am used to seeing. No Tofu Cream Cheese? Wha? Usually, I can at least find a Whole Wheat Everything Bagel so that was lacking too. As, for the line I'm not sure what that was about cause I think I could've gotten a better bagel at Starbucks. Guessing it was some of the other lunch options.
5	Excellent service. Always a friendly smile. This is a location i frequent often. The staff and managment are always friendly, remember your name( and favorite drink) and generally make it an enjoyable stop during your day.
1	I used to love Bruegger's bagels, but mainly for their salt bagel. They make the perfect roast beef sandwich on this particular bagel and they may have just signed their own death warrant with me if they've discontinued making them. It tastes pretty damn close to a Beef on Weck. I went to this location the other day and they had a "pretzel" bagel in place of my beloved salt.  I did ask for the salt but they told me that they had the pretzel instead. I though, what the heck, I'll give it a try. Dammit...it comes nowhere close to the original! The line got too crowded for me to go up there and air my grievance because I did have another complaint that must be addressed: SOUP! Brueggers used to have a wealth of soups that they would rotate on a daily basis. Now they only have 2! Chicken spaetzle or black bean! Every single time I go to this location, it's the same-old-same-old choices of soup! I realize it's Summer and maybe they don't move soup like they would during cooler weather, but if you're offering it...mix it up!!!! If you go on their site, they show they have about 8 different varieties but not this particular location. They used to have a delicious Velvet Veggie Cheese a few years ago, but discontinued it. I even complained about that online and just got a thank you/try our other soups bull$hit courtesy response.No salt bagel is a deal breaker with me with Brueggers. The lack of soup varieties I can live with but killing one of my favorite sandwiches cannot be forgiven. I will return just to see for myself the next time if my precious salt bagel has been permanently replaced. If it has, I will stage a walkout...but nobody else will follow.The WiFi sucks, too.The only plus here is the friendly staff.Your sad pal,Walter
2	There's a reason I avoid bagel sandwiches but I thought I'd give it another try. I ordered the Thai Chicken Sandwich which consists of a plain bagel smeared with cream cheese, lettuce, cucumber and a  chicken breast and it comes with a cup of Thai peanut sauce. Tasty indeed however, what a large mess this made! As we all know bagels aren't the easiest breads to bite. Smear on cream cheese add slick things like lettuce and cucumber and now you have a very messy meal. The cream cheese is of sort of like grease on a Bush Hog - everything wants to squirt out. No showers are in bathroom which is too bad as I needed one after eating my sandwich.With this said, the staff was very nice. I just need to avoid bagel sandwiches....
4	Usually I only have Bruegger's when it's bagel day, but on my day off today, decided to try them on my own. Was very pleased with the zesty egg white turkey on rosemary olive oil bagel. It was a mid Monday morning so no service issue. Was pretty happy with my selection and would gladly go back.
4	The skinny bagel breakfast sandwich is the perfect amount to start your day. Add a pumpkin spice coffee to top it off!
2	If you're in a hurry, don't come here. They crawl at a snail's pace. VERY SLOW.  I've been standing in line for 15 min. Finally got to order and I tell the guy "sausage and egg on a plain bagel, no cheese". You'd think my order was so complex. He couldn't remember what I ordered. If you're in a hurry don't come here.
2	I have been coming to this location since 2006 when our office relocated to this area. I have always enjoyed excellent service from the staff and management. I visit at least 2 times a day. One thing I couldn't and still can't  understand is why they continue to have the turn over in staff especially management. These are people who make your day and have brought a smile to my face whenever I've had a bad day. I would hire any number of them at any time. I have driven past other locations just because I enjoy the atmosphere and staff at this location. No longer. Their most recent management change has left the place without a soul. It's a change that you can sense  and see ( they did  some lite remodeling)  when you walk in the door. This was the day after her abrupt departure. This individual was always here to fill in for staff or to make sure the place was taken care of. She was here in the snow storm this year. Amazing right? I'm a bottomless member and got ten people from work to buy them from here bc I enjoyed this place and it's service. I will not be getting one next year and doubt I will frequent as much in the future. It's not the same! As I'm wiping down my own table to sit down, it is quiet and lacks the laughter,  smiles, and business I have always appreciated. A lesson  for senior management and owners to take to heart. Take care of your most important assets your staff! I hope to see a turn around but in the weeks since the change I have seen only one thing a decrease in the service and quality I've come to expect. At this time I can no longer promote this place as one I'd recommend to friends or coworkers
2	This brueggs kinda sucks. Every time I've come they are out of multiple kinds of bagels so someone isn't doing their counts correctly (use to work at a brueggers). The service is lousy. Also apparently brueggers discontinued sprouts-not this stores fault but wtf?! Sprouts are awesome. Going to Poppy's next time.
1	Horrible. This used to be a great place to grab some great breakfast and coffee, and despite it always being busy, the lines moved very quick and efficient.  It appears now they have an entire new crew including new managers.  Service quality and speed went way down.  I've tried coming back several times thinking the new staff will eventually improve, but each time, I wait longer and longer in much shorter lines, and a majority of the bagel baskets are frequently empty, leaving only 2 or three choices.It's clear I'm not the only one who has given up coming here frequently; this used to be a fun hangout spot as well, but now the few people that come in just get there food to go, as it is always empty (yet service is still very slow)
