4	Although today was the grand opening it very organized people were friendly and the lines were super long the cashiers were fast to get everyone out.  Great day at savers!!!!
3	I love the selection... sometimes.. at Savers.  But it's hilarious how out of touch they are with what their electronics are worth sometimes.  Stop by here for a laugh, if nothing else.
5	The newest location in the Savers family - and the best!  The store is crammed full of fun items, from books to housewares - clothes to accessories.  I don't know if the stock at each individual Savers locations reflect the neighborhood that they're in - but I've found all kinds of great things at this location such as brand new ethnic-styled Pier One table linens for our dinner parties, Harbier of Paris pop-modern scarves for when I want to rock the Italian Riviera look and say "Ciao" a lot, as well as an amazing vintage Russel Taylor faux-fur coat with princess sleeves which I picked up at half-price the day I was there.The only downside is the competition from other customers!  I've seen stylists and buyers for other vintage stores here raiding the racks for the good stuff on Thursdays - so come on down mid-week to grab the cool stuff or you'll end up paying more than twice as much for it at a "vintage" establishment with "collectibles" prices by the weekend.
3	Big store, packed to brim with used goods. They have a pretty decent plus size women's section, where I always end up. I can usually find at least ONE thing there that I want to take home.I wish they had better shoes. All of the shoes are busted up and overpriced. In fact, I'd say most of the stuff is priced more than it's worth. They have colored tags, and on different days a different color will be on sale, but you can never find anything with that color tag of course. So be careful, more than once I've looked through the  clothes and have things priced higher than when they were NEW.
4	I love Savers...Donate a bag of stuff and receive a coupon for 20% off your total purchase!Everytime I go I donate. There is always something around here I no longer use/want/need. As far as this Savers goes, I think it is a tad overpriced, perhaps because it's a newer location and they only have newer stuff...and near desert shores,mind you.The only downside here is that I have found things priced as if they were new; Curtains, jeans, and pictures/paintings that seemed like the should have been priced lower due to being secondhand.O well, It's not going to stop me from coming back!
4	My wife loves to frequent this place and I like to tag along to just do some "norming" with her.We usually start out in the book isle, the go past kitchen items to the back where they have furniture and toys.After that, we split to the mens clothing / women / child clothing.  Sometimes you can find some nice threads for very cheap!We save a bunch by shopping here first for kid clothes before going to other department stores.  The only thing is that jeans usually are priced a bit higher than desired. (Keep in mind this is all donation items).The employees are really nice and every day the usually have a "tag" sale where a certain color tag is 50% off.
4	Just like I like it, cheap and DIRTY!JAY KAY. Ok so Im a little thrift store junkie! Savers is pretty ok, not poop your pants awesome, but pretty ok! TIP! GET A SAVERS CARD! Here you can get extra little perks with a FREE Savers card! Now onto the junk!Ok, so Im not a person who would wear someone elses yucky clothes. Nor would I dress my son in them. You know, second hand store clothes always have that smell no matter how often you wash them. Here I come for: Purses, shoes(kids sometimes BRAND NEW and the only time Ill buy them), random little crap.I HATE how you go to a thrift store and they price their crap SKY HIGH! Its like, you get this stuff FREE and you wanna charge me 8$ for some yoga capris that are worn? Get the eff outta here! I did find some brand new Chucks for my son for 2.50$!! They also have a great bag selection!Its all pretty organized by size and gender. They have TONS of clothing, shorts, skirts, dresses, capris, shirts, blouses, and THONGS! JK!The kitchenware here is WAY OVER PRICED! You wanna sell me a dirty pan for 11$? Oh hells no! Come on! In addition they have a crap ton of book, which a lot are new and cheap!Ill continue coming here to fart around, theres sometimes hidden treasures!!
4	I've been to two different Savers now. This one is pretty much like the other one. I like Savers because it's like a controlled, indoor garage sale. Prices are fantastic. I bought one of those rubbermaid dishracks that still had the original packaging and paid 2.99 (saw it that day at Walmart for 7.99).  I bought a pot whose glass lid had a slight dent in the metal rim and paid about 10.00. It has to be a brand new pot because the "made in china" sticker on the bottom had no signs of heat on it and the teflon looked untouched. I hope it isn't a recall product (high lead levels or something!).  I saw automatic coffee makers that looked almost new priced at $5.99. They had queen sized comforters for $13-$15 and I bought a pair of jeans for $4.99.  Halloween is coming and they are full of costumes and props.Did you know that when you bring donations they give you a 20% off coupon?
4	Some of the staff here are super friendly and helpful.  Much more than the other Savers that I've trolled.  I find that as with the other Savers locations, prices on certain brand name  donated clothing are super inflated.   Mondays are Customer Appreciation Days and you receive a 25% discount on all items.  On Thursdays, 25% discount on all items as well but you need a Savers Card.  Search and you will find a diamond in the rough.
4	OK, I was surprised that there was a thrift store in Summerlin and then I realized we were near the older communities, age-restricted kind (age 55 +), not making fun, just speaking the truth (my former boss lives nearby.). We had gone to the adjacent Big Lots store for the 20% off members event, so we checked this place out too. Hubby mentioned the thrift shop smell, that is ever-present, no matter the location. There is a play area outside the store that is covered with trellis-like wood slats. Clean store, nice selection, considering that there is no real competition in the immediate area, worth checking out if you find yourself in the area, or shopping at Big Lots.
5	I love this Savers! This location is (relatively) new and I couldn't be happier that it's here. I find some really nice pieces here. Maybe it's because it's located in Summerlin? That's what I tell myself anyway. Staff are always nice.
2	Ok, I used to love this Savers. I really did. But my last 3-4 trips here have been nothing but a complete disappointment.Since I started coming here last year, the prices have gone up like crazy. If I wanted to pay $15 for a Forever 21 dress, I'd go to Forever 21. If I wanted to pay $15 for a Halo t-shirt from Hot Topic, I'd go to fucking Hot Topic (pic to be uploaded for proof!) Whether they like it or not, this is a thrift store, and if I wanted to pay the higher price I wouldn't buy it used. The ultra inflated "like new" prices take all the fun out of thrifting. I've found an occasional gem here, and today I found a black slip that I needed and a Washington Capitals shirt for my better half ($3 and $4, respectively) but I would have walked out the store with at least 5 more items if everything was priced reasonably. There was also a lot of stuff I recalled from the last time I was here... 2 weeks ago. I subtracted a star for my cashier having an attitude with me because I pulled out my Savers card and it's "not Thursday" (I don't really know how their card works since they don't, you know, TELL you when you sign up...) and I decided that I'll just drive the extra distance to my favorite Goodwill store in Silverado Ranch, where I have found Betsey Johnson dresses for less than Savers F21 or Charlotte Russe dresses. Just sucks because this place is close to my house. What a shame.
1	too high prices now... Pricey for a thrift store.
3	Well, it's like the others said.  This Savers is definitely a lot pricier than other conventional thrift stores and even other Savers.  It's most likely due to the fact it's in Summerlin.  However, it's also significantly cleaner and more organized than other thrift stores.  I think about it like this... it's not as expensive as Platos Closet or Buffalo Exchange nor is it as cheap as other thrift stores.  I'd say it's an okay medium and I'm happy with it.  Like any other thrift store I'd go to, I still plan to spend a lot of time really looking for stuff so it's no loss that I'm going to spend time trying to find something not excessively expensive.  I've found a pair of moccasins (almost new, building that athletes-feet-immunity hell yeah!) for 5 dollars and some Lucky brand size 0 jeans (hard to find my size) for 8 dollars.  Just be smart about it and take your time, and it's not a bad option!
3	This is a good store to shop for the ever growing kids! I also donate clothing here.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 93/100Patience, patience, don't be overwhelmed by the amount of clothes, accessories, furniture, books, electronics you see as you enter, instead calm your conscience and take some time to sift through the hangers. I promise, you'll find at least one item you'll fall in love with! After breakfast at Babystacks, my friend and I thought it'd be a great idea to burn some of the hazlenut pancakes off. She brought up this new Savers location in Summerlin and were here in no time! At first, we both weren't too sure where to start so we diverged to our destinations and texted to get together by the fitting rooms to narrow down our searches.I found a beautiful frilly, yellow, cotton PacSun top (with the original price tag) with cute embroidered details by the neck line and hiking pants to name a few, while my friend got some office clothes with great fit and seam lines, and a summer dress. We had carts filled with items but as we examined our jackpots one by one and put our budget into consideration, we had plenty of pieces that didn't make it through the cashier. At five items each, any girl would (and should) have smiles reaching her ears. Come here with a friend and explore! To spice things up, set up a budget and prioritize your spending. You're bound to find some great stuff like we did!And that wraps up my 200th review! Booyah
5	I love this store it is so clean and well organized the staff could use a few smiles though. Everything is easy to find and affordable unlike Goodwill. The average price for a nice blouse is about 5$s I highly recommend this location.
5	I am hereby formally retracting (almost) everything I said in my previous review, because ever since I wrote it I have found nothing but pure awesomeness at this store.Stupid things that shouldn't be overpriced are still very overpriced, but their weakness seems to be true designer clothes. The people who price their clothes must only know F21 and other "mall" brands, because I found two gems here in the past month that made me absolutely lose my mind:1) A Chio di Stefania D swim coverup, in perfect condition. Paid $12.50. Originally around $350.2) Alexander McQueen leather embroidered jeans in perfect condition. Paid $8.50 after the 25% club card discount. Originally at least $650... possibly more.I also had a crazy haul a couple Thursdays ago (I only go on Thursdays... if you have their club card you get a percentage off) and I basically left the store with a new wardrobe.Dear Savers pricers, please keep thinking that Forever 21 bull-ish is worth more than Alexander McQueen. That's the mentality that's keeping the real excitement of thrifting alive.
4	Been here several times to get cheap hiking clothes and have always scored a great deal.  I've found Nike exercise pants for $5, a Lululemon tank top for $10 (those things are NOT cheap in the shop), cute synthetic tops with UV rating for $3-5, a glam gold clutch for mere dollars....basically, if you give yourself some time to look around, you WILL find a deal.  A lot of the clothing is secondhand (or, "gently used") but much of the stock is brand new with tags attached.  I guess people get bored of clothes they just bought??  Anyway, if you need cheap clothing or household goods, check out Savers and save $.
4	Although I used to live closer to this location than I do now, I make the 11-12 mile trip to this Savers for several reasons: they have the #2 (second to the Charleston location's staff IMO) friendliest staff, Consistently! Their merchandise is more consistent. You can pop in multiple times a week, & still find something awesome. Their pricing in much more reasonable,(I was really surprised their pricing was lower, being in Summerlin)  and the store seems more organized & maintained than any of the other local Savers!
4	The best Savers I've been to to date. It's the only thrift store near me in Summerlin, so thank god it's a good one.I've been here twice, two days apart and was pleasantly surprised by how many new items they stocked since my first visit. Especially the Halloween thrift section; I had a handful of things to try on, which is never the case for me when it comes to clothes at a thrift store. I ended up buying this white lace dress they put in that section  (for regular wear).Also, I found a book I wanted for its illustrations (possible future art project), but kind of expensive, at 5.99. I asked the worker what the "Our Price: $1.99" sign meant and she said that only applied to the books that weren't labeled. The more expensive ones are apparently researched for their value. I went to verify this on Amazon and sure enough, it was selling for $19. I instantly swooped it.More things I've found (With attached pictures):-weird little bindhi-wearing martian keychain (1.99)-mail organizer I'm using for my bracelets. going to refinish it and change the hardware  ($4.99)-another book I'm using strictly for the illustrations ($2.99)Don't forget to bring in a donation so you can get your 20% off.
5	The clothing seems overpriced, but I have found some awesome deals elsewhere in the store. I only go on Thursdays for the 25% off or on the rare occasion that they have a customer appreciation day.Some of my finds:A like new, working Leapfrog karaoke machine with the microphone - $3.75Buffet style dresser in excellent condition - $10Brand new Vera Bradley wallet - $3.75 these things are usually $50 brand new!Plaid MAC makeup bag - $3.75Baby Trend stroller - $9.75I got married recently and had registered for several Corningware and Pyrex sets, but I ended up taking them off the registry because I found so much awesome vintage Corningware as well as Pyrex here.I agree with the previous reviewer that said they don't seem to know anything beyond mall brands - I always seem to find expensive brands here!
4	Went in here on a Sunday afternoon and left satisfied. The staff were friendly and quick to attend to your needs. Got to purchase several clothing for this fall and a purple yoga mat which made me very happy. I'd just wish they also give discounts every weekends :)
4	First time at this Savers location and I'm already a fan. Great big store with plenty of Summerlin giveaway goodies. The book section, which is my favorite part about treasure hunting, was solid. I found many books I've had on my wishlist here. The clothing section was solid. My friend who was looking for some maternity options, found a handful of things to wear for the rest of her pregnancy. I'll definitely go out of my way to check this Savers out again.
1	This is my first review, mainly because I feel very passionate about this. I have shopped at this store many times. I have found many deals and like to go in once every couple of months just to see if I can find good baby clothes. I don't want to sound snobby, however this store being in Summerlin makes me feel like sometimes you can find things that seem "cleaner"  or newer than that of some of the stores Ive been to in different areas of town. I by no means go to high end stores. I buy clothes from Wal-Mart, Target, Old Navy and the usual bargain type places. That being said I was very disappointed when I went in there on Tuesday. I was there right at opening. I unfortunately did not find anything on this trip so I was only in there for about 10-15 mins. As I walk out, with my 7 month old baby, 3 employees are smoking right in front of the door! I was so grossed out. I made a huge wide turn to the right just to avoid letting my baby sweep right through the middle of them. They weren't to the side or out on the street they were right in front of the door. I did call the manager and she said she would take care of it which I appreciate but I just don't understand businesses that allow employees to smoke in front of the store. They should be out in the back away from customers. Its crude. I understand people smoke and this is Vegas. Trust me, Im involved in it on a daily basis but when Im on my own time and out to enjoy some shopping I do not want to come out in a waft of smoke. Take pride in your store. Even if you aren't a high end store, you still should take pride in where you work. I think the thing that made me the most mad was that it was only 10-15 mins after the store has opened. Really? You seriously have to have a cigarette after only being to work probably less than an hour? Im not mad that people smoke, just be respectful and professional. GO OUT BACK! If I ever come to this store and see that again I will not go back.
5	Bargain shoppers rejoice!  Savers is easy on the wallet and donates money to local charities.  Any time you bring a donation bag, they give you a 20% off coupon for your entire purchase that day.  Thrift store prices without the thrift store clutter and smell.  Everything is well organized and easy to browse.  The majority of the merchandise is clothing, but they also offer kitchenware, home decor, furniture, towels, sheets, and shoes.  You can find near new name brand jeans for about $8.I stop by at least once per season to pick up new jeans, blouses, or dresses.  It's a great feeling when you can walk out with a bag of new clothes for $20.  I used to frequent Buffalo Exchange for the majority of my wardrobe, but Savers prices at minimum 50% less than Buffalo and their inventory is much larger.  It's about the size of a Walmart packed full of very high quality second hand goods.  I love this store!
1	Im sorry. I thought this was Savers? Speakers for 100 dollars that are all scratched up and have a broken front cover? Old onkyo speakers for 60 dollars? What a joke. If I want to be ripped off, I'll go to craigslist. At least I won't waste the gas that way. I used to love this place for the decent prices on electronics and it was one of the few places to sell cassettes (which have also slowly increased in price). I won't be back.
1	Way Overpriced..I found things priced higher than if you went to the store and bought a brand new. Never ever enough shopping carts especially if they have a 50% off day and they don't keep the store tidy at all on those days .  Even on 50% of days the stuff is still overpriced . When they say what the specials are for the day on the loudspeaker you can barely understand them and they go on an on in Mexican but very little English so you don't know what the hell they're announcing . most of the clothing has a foul odor gross me out
5	I love Savers! I come here twice a month because they always have such cute stuff. I have scored pieces from TopShop, Banana Republic, Zara, H&M, Ann Taylor, Forever 21, Express, Ann Taylor and many more. I love coming on the 50% Off Days because the deals are amazing. The store is also extremely organized compared to other thrift stores I have been too. More importantly, the shoes are actually organized by size, which I appreciate!  The clothes usually range from $2.99-$7.99 but they are usually quality pieces.
4	I came here looking for stuff for my vintage farmhouse wedding. I'm DIYing a lot of my centerpieces and am in search of knickknacks, picture frames, vintage vases and bottles, old books and books of music sheets.I ended up finding some vases for 49cents! They weren't as intricate as some of my others, but they were perfect to break up what I have so far so I took all of those. I also got a few large vases for 99cents. Friggin awesome.I looked for other wedding stuff and didn't find anything else so I browsed briefly other things. The clothes looked to be a bit newer and wearable and some of the purses were designer so if you're looking for selection on garments, this may be the spot for you. It's well organized, it doesn't smell old and musty and the customer service is pretty friendly. I will be back for sure.
5	I love this savers! The staff is friendly and helpful, they have a great collection of men's tees I always find what I'm looking for (or not looking for) very clean too.
5	I go to this Savers location at least once a month. They always have a great selection of dresses and I've found some amazing shoes here. Just last week I bought a beautiful Anthropologie dress valued at 100 dollars for only 5 bucks. And it had never even been worn! Still had the tags and everything. When you get lucky at Savers you really get lucky.
5	I am new to the area and after reading the reviews I decided to check savers out.To my surprise the store itself was very clean compared to other thrift stores and organized well. I was happy to find a lot of items I was searching for like a fold out chair, lazy Susan, and other items. I have to say that I am excited that they have a craft section and a pretty big dog section as well. I will be coming back for more deals and to see new stock they have during a sale.
