3	Last night was opening night for Bar + Bistro, and we didn't realize until we got there that it was by invitation only since all food was being comped. I was blown away by their hospitality as they found us a table and invited us to come in and eat for free! Maybe it's because I speak Italian, or it was because we told them about my food blog, but in any case we were stoked. We didn't want to be greedy since they had been so generous so we ordered a couple of salads and shared an entree. Although there is still room for improvement, I thought they did a fantastic job for their first night. The service was friendly and attentive, which was especially amazing considering the place was packed, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The salads were very good, but extremely similar to one another. They were a little heavy on the bitter leaves for my taste (loads of radicchio and Belgian endive) but they were well dressed and everything was fresh. I thought the $16 price tag normally attached to the lobster salad was a little hefty considering they aren't on the strip, but there was a good deal of the crustacean on top. Our entree was the seafood risotto paella, which had lots of fresh frish, calamari, shrimp and mussels (unfortunately the mussels were green lip mussels and not fresh). The risotto was cooked well and creamy in texture, and the saffron came through adequately. We did pay for alcohol, which was no big deal considering you can get a great glass for $7, just $1 more than the beer. It was unusual that imported and domestic beers are the same price and that cocktails are just a few dollars more, but I don't usually get beer with dinner so I'm fine with that. It's really difficult to rate a place on it's first night, but I give four stars with the expectation that it will live up to it in the future. By the way, they open for regular service on Monday, and lunch service starts May 1st.
4	This location used to be Paymon's downtown. It is now a new restaurant.Went for a work lunch. They had 9 choices for salad on their lunch menu. I really liked that variety. They also had French onion soup and a soup of the day along with the usual sandwiches, pizza, pasta, chicken dishes, seafood dishes and burgers.I was eating alone and ordered a salad so the service was plenty quick enough for me to get back to work. I really like the the menu variety. Looks like most food prices fall between $10-$20 for lunch.
5	Catching a gallery opening. Sitting outside, sipping a cocktail (ok maybe not sipping for those who know me) and enjoying the food and the company. This is why we live in the arts district.
1	Having just moved to Las Vegas from NYC I've noticed that my experiences differ greatly from others here in this city. Having said that, I try to be as fair as possible. I would love to give great reviews, it means I haven't wasted my money!At any rate, that isn't going to be happening here. Bar + Bistro has a flashy website, a really cool groove and, the hook of being able to walk to it didn't get past me. My boyfriend and I strolled in past a really nice outside area into a dimly lit, small, sort of compact restaurant. We got a big booth, which I loved, and were seated by a really personable, cute hostess. That's where the fun ended. We were sitting waiting for a server when we looked up and noticed two servers right in front of us talking to each other in another language (we found out it was Tahitian). One came over and introduced himself and said that he and his brother were debating over who would get which table (3 people had been seated about 10 minutes after us). Okay, whatever. The waiter was a really nice guy, but kept responding to us in Italian. His grasp seemed to be limited to one word 'Prego.' Okay, whatever. My boyfriend and I decided to order beer and got that fairly quickly. We waited about 15 minutes and then asked if we could order our two appetizers, which we did. Those came out fairly quickly. We ordered the crab cakes and a caprese salad. The crab cakes were pretty ordinary. They used 80% dungeness crabs, they said, but I couldn't believe how it tasted so bland. There was a sweet sauce drizzled over that I finally identified and something asian. Not a great combo. The caprese salad is pretty hard to mess up, but they used dried basil instead of fresh which sort of just made it a plain tomato and mozzarella plate. Eh. A busboy came over and took our plates and then we sat and sat and and sat. And sat. We finally asked the busboy if I could get another beer, some more water, anything. He came back with the beer! Not the waiter, the busboy! Anyway, the beer that he brought actually had lipstick on the glass so add another 10 minute wait for another beer that the waiter actually brought. We FINALLY got to order and the food came out quickly, it was just ordering it that took forever. Unless you're constantly asking someone, you aren't going to get great service here. My BF ordered the blackened salmon, which he liked, I got the filet which was stringy and undercooked. The inside was actually raw. I ordered medium rare. Got my steak finally (my boyfriend was finished by this time) and it was just okay, I passed it over to my boyfriend because it just wasn't good for the high price. All in all, the atmosphere was boring, the servers were inattentive and the food, for the price you pay, is astoundingly below par. Go somewhere else, this is just not worth it.
5	Really loved my mushroom leek pizza. Flat bread style so don't expect deep dish. There tables are art pallets and art adornes the walls. I am sure I will hit up the camp 107, Dr Strangelove!
5	Being an out of towner I was referred to this restaurant as there was a convention in town and we wanted to get away from there. Interesting location...certainly not your run of the mill restaurant in location and style. Hospitality was top shelf!Decor is very art inspired with wood stave flooring and art palettes for tables.Began with French Onion soup which for me is the complete barometer of a restaurant serving this. Did not disappoint!!!! Probably the very best I have EVER had! The variety of menu selections is the best, especially if you are undecided about what to have. At my table for main courses we had the Lasagna Bolognese which was phenomenal surrounded by a light marinara sauce that was almost sweet! Another dish that came to the table was a Fillet Mignon prepared to perfection! And finally a Veal Milanese that was stacked, prepared perfectly with a bruschetta on top. Excellent preparation was experienced throughout the entire meal. Wine selection was outstanding and our selections by the glass pared perfectly with our dishes. Lots of Paso Robles, big and fruit forward wines.I would highly recommend Bar+Bistro to anyone looking for high quality preparation and flavors that continue to amaze! Great Experience!
2	A little blah. Been here twice now. Both times I can help to think that my food tastes a bit like a Lean Cuisine. I love the room though. Very well decorated. Cool art. I would go back on summer nights for drinks on the patio but the food has got to get better to have a more steady clientele.
5	The food at The Arts Factory Bistro in the Arts Factory is absolutely outstanding. The atmosphere is perfect and the staff is polite. Hats off to chef Beni... the sweet potato fries are to die for!! Oh And the American Wagyu Kobe style sliders... one word...YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM! Truly a beautiful addition to the already magnificent work of art that IS the Arts Factory. My mouth thanks you! Oh... And don't even get me started about the poetry night at the bar with music!! I love it!
2	We walk in for dinner and the place is packed. I'm thinking this might be a good pick. Then I realize it's First Friday. I curbed my enthusiasm. The three of us are quickly seated. (We made reservations) and then we waited....and waited. Then the busboy comes over and asks if we'd like water. A minute later someone else asks if we'd like water. Then our waitress finally comes to us and asks if we'd like water. (I'm  sorry I didn't  say yes to all three, but I thought I'd be nice.)  This is starting not to look good. We order our drinks and my beer tasted and felt like it had been sitting on a back counter patiently waiting to be served. It's less then cold. We ordered our Tapas and waited.  20 mins. later My dish is served and only mine. The second one served 5-10 mins. later. I had ordered the Cordero Chops. Australian Grilled Lamb Chops. The honey Aioli, served in a small PLASTIC container! Along with a bit of Cole Slaw that had no flavor, was slightly bitter with Pickled Shallots laid out as an after thought. I understand Tapas size serving portions but, come on! For 12.00 I'd like to see my Lamb Chop. One chop was a nice normal size but the other was half the size of my little finger. The Aioli sauce tasted like it should have been used for the cole slaw. Which did bring out the taste. And the Shallots, well....My Daughter order the Garlic Camarones. (12.00) She said they were, ok.  Which brings us to the Paella Velazquez, (28.00) which my Daughter and Boyfriend Ordered. A disaster. It was sent back.  It didn't look anything like the picture on their web site. One of the main ingredients, LOBSTER, was no where to be found. Some of the other parts to the meal appeared to be missing or undetectable. I feel that if it's on the menu description, you should be able to see and taste the ingredients.  Because my daughter is more diplomatic and appropriate then I am, she spoke to the manager.  The upside to this very disappointing meal was that the manager wrote off the Paella, PLUS gave us a 25% discount on the meal and if that wasn't  enough she took it over the top with four free drink cards!  Because of the manager going over and beyond we will try this small Bistro again. One last thing I'd like to add: I don't understand why so much confusion and unfriendliness of SOME of the wait staff.  No " how are doing tonight, our waitress didn't give her name. The girl who brought out our food just plopped it on the table and left. ( I expect this at Cantors.) Our waitress was ok.  I just think the service needs some looking into as well as the Chef keeping a closer eye on what is being sent out, under his name,  by the  cooking staff. There shouldn't be such a long wait time for food to be served and  the entire order should come out at the same time instead of piece mealing it out.
5	Where to start... I was there for the Painting and Poets night last Saturday.  Even though there were a lot of customers there, the service getting a seat outside was great and my drink order was taken right away.  There special was a full pig roasted throughout the day with creamy mashed potatoes and carrots on the side.  My drinks were always full and the staff was attentive.  I felt like I had two waiters.  I can honestly say I don't remember when I've had food this good.  Holy hell... Then came the ricotta cheesecake.  It's the best I have ever had.  Not too sweet, with a citrusy simple syrup.  It was a little pricey ($7 a slice), but it was totally worth it.  I can't believe this place isn't getting more praise!
5	Food and service was great and what a neat place to eat. The art added to a great experience. What a great way to see a different side of Vegas and be surrounded with cool art and eat good food and cocktails!
5	What a great place! The B+B chicken club is the best I have had in Las Vegas. The fried bananas and Ceviche for an appetizer were excellent.I can't wait to come back and try other items. The staff was friendly. The food came quickly after it was ordered.Hats off to this chef. He knows  how to cook!The artsy feel makes the experience even better.Lunch time may be the best time to come.5 stars!!!
2	I usually go to a new place with enthusiasm and anticipation, hoping that the experience will be a good one and the first of many to come.  My dinner at Bar+Bistro last night will be the first and last, I'm sorry to say.  It started out well, as four of my friends and I met there to socialize and check out this place.  First of all, when we were seated on the patio around 6:00pm, our waiter brought us two menus to share because, "we can't find the other ones right now."  Huh?  There was one other party on the patio and the inside of the restaurant was empty.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was excellent, and I was excited to see how the food would taste.  From the tapas menu, we had the french onion soup, sweet potato fries and house fries, 4 cheese mac, and the tempura alcachofa (artichokes in a sort of tempura fried batter).  The sweet potato fries and soup were good, the other dishes were just okay.  My friends also ordered the Paella Velazquez, but I didn't eat any of that and they also graded it as okay.  For dessert, we shared the Ricotta Citrus Cheesecake, the Triple Gelato (coconut, mango, and dark chocolate), and the Donut Churros (cinnamon sugar with chocolate sauce):  I think those and the sangria were the best part of the meal!  Seriously!  After dessert, two of the waiters whisked our wine glasses away since we overheard them say that they ran out.  Menus and wine glasses are apparently in high demand there.  When it came time to pay, four of us whipped out our credit cards and were admonished by the waiter that they don't split checks.  Well, we didn't ask to have the check split, but we were going to split the bill among us.  He told us that he could take 3 credit cards maximum, we should work it out amongst ourselves, and he'd return when we had done so---what?!  None of us had ever been to an establishment that had such a rule and all it did was make us angry.  What does it take to swipe one extra credit card, after all?  It's too bad that our meal had to end that way, but now we can say we've been to Bar+Bistro--once.
5	A Wonderful place Downtown.Owners always onsite and very welcoming and warm.True Brave Souls to provide something cool in our area that is up and coming. They have a great restaurant where you can actually have a conversation in these great booths, surrounded by fun artwork...and a fun bar to grab a drink after. There is always something going on there and the Arts factory is in same building so if art is your this, many cool chill people to meet and expierence.Preview Thursday (the Day before First Fri) is always nice to hang out there cuz First Friday tends to be a bit crazy.....all fun though. Apparently there is movie night too which I have not been to yet, but that is my next adventure.Something different than the norm....:)
4	Awesome atmosphere, food and service.  Great Tapas Menu!  Will be back to sample more of the menu soon.  Nice outdoor seating area with fire pit.
5	I have eaten at the bistro twice now. The first was for a midweek lunch and I fell in love. The staff is polite and the artistic atmosphere is very cool. Most importantly, the food was fantastic! My friend and I ordered the AMAZING blue cheese sweet potato fries which come with two great dipping sauces. Then we shared her sliders and my sandwich followed by flan and yummy churro donuts with chocolate sauce. IT WAS ALL DELICIOUS! This past Sunday we had the bar host a private party for us with a catered brunch and open bar. The bar staff was incredibly friendly and once again chef Beni's food was fantastic. Everyone who came complemented both the food and the atmosphere. I would definitely recommend Bar + Bistro to anyone looking for good food downtown or a great place to host a catered event!!!
4	First the con's to get them out of the way. The menu listed sangrias for $2. When we got the bill, we were charged $6 each. When questioned the server informed us that the special was only if you ordered in the bar. That wasn't noted on the menu. The sidewalk apparently goes through the outdoor seating area. Several people who weren't guestsof the restaurant passed our table during the meal. Not an issue really, just strange.Now the pro's! The chef came to our table and discussed our meals with us. The atmosphere is very laid back and he is proud of his creations. Flavor combinations were fantastic! The macaroni and cheese appetizer was delicious! The pan-seared scallops were some of the largest I've ever seen on a plate. Crab cakes and sliders, amazing! as well as the snapper. On to dessert: chocolate ganache and ricotta cheesecake, excellent!They have various dinner entertainment too. There was a performer (flame thrower) who was getting ready to start as we were leaving. Check it out! Well worth it!
5	Damn you, Chef Beni.  Your food is so good, the Mesa Grilles of this world have lost a lot of their allure.I can't imagine sitting down to a better, more playful or expertly prepared array of dishes than I had last evening at your place -- especially at the price.  You, sir, on onto something.  Like a comedian who tells jokes that make him laugh, you cook what you like, and invite us to "get it", or not.Of the tapas we ordered (the sweet potato fries, 4 cheese mac and congrejo to name but three) I'm at a loss to name a favorite.  The whole, trully, was greater than the sum.  Ah, but as for the desserts -- I hope to be buried with an order of your churros with chili chocolate sauce nestled by my side.No dining experience can be exceptional without an attentive staff.  Yours was, and then some.  But what put the evening over-the-top was when you stopped by our table to chat (not just the cursory "hello"), but actually discuss some of your ideas and inspirations.  Your quirky pedigree explains much of your menu and kitschy surroundings.In a few days, I leave for home (East Bay, Ca), and there I will sing the praises of a restaurant unlike any other in my "foodie" neck of the woods.Damn you, Chef Beni.Go west.
4	We had dinner and wine at the Bar + Bistro during one of the Las Vegas Painting and Poetry Jam, which is held every Saturday night. The atmosphere is great and you must check out all the other artists at the Arts Factory. It is truly a hidden gem in downtown. As for the eats, the tapas are nothing to rave about. But the atmosphere makes up for the so so meal. Overall, it's definitely worth checking out.
4	I tried this restaurant on 4th of July weekend for brunch. The decor is funky/arty/cool. We got there around 11am on a Saturday morning, the restaurant was about half full. The server was very nice and genuinely friendly and chatty. My friend and I decided to share the Cangrejo benedict mofongo and the Brioche flan french toast and she also ordered a gazpacho. The Cangrejo benedict mofongo was delicious and surprisingly filling, the crab meat was so flavorful and it was topped with a quail egg which made it interesting. I loved the french toast as well, it was soft in the center and crunchy around the edges and served with a fresh made flavored syrup. My friend also loved her gazpacho, it had a nice chunky texture (I usually don't like gazpacho if it's pureed too finely) and a bite to it. Now the cons: although we liked our server because he had a personality, he was a bit distracted or maybe inexperienced. He took a while to bring out our waters, when he brought us coffee he didn't notice we didn't have stirring spoons so we had to ask for them. Also the food took almost an hour to come out and the place wasn't packed at all. My friend's gazpacho came at the end but she would have preferred to start with it. Overall, we enjoyed our food and the ambiance was cool. We planned to return for dinner that night because we wanted to try some of the other things on the menu but got comped dinner elsewhere so it will have to be on our next trip. The slow service wasn't enough of a deterrent for me to go back, I just now know not to be starving or in a hurry when I go there next time.
1	Worse service ever....mixed up our white wines, which were served at 75 degrees.....had to ask for a bucket of ice to make them palatable....at $12/glass you at least expect the whites to be chilled.  Food took way too long for lunch and they served our food first to the table behind us...wrong table number on the ticket...whatever.....food was mediocre at best, probably because they tried to serve all the tapas as the same time instead of sending each one out when ready (most places do this).  Again, server couldnt care less...then he was too busy clearing empty tables in empty restaurnt to pick up our check.  Would not go back...EVER.
1	What a disappointment... I had eaten here before and had a good experience. I wanted to check out the new tapas menu and what the new chef had to offer. Unfortunately, I never had a chance. When we arrived the patio was hoppin'. We opted to sit inside to have a quieter experience. It was quiet indeed... So quiet in fact, we were never even asked what we wanted to drink. We sat for about 10 minutes and watched servers go back and forth and even refill drinks and clear plates from a nearby table. I kept hoping for a "Be right with you guys," or a "Sorry about the wait,"but it never happened. We waited about 15 more minutes, long enough for the boyfriend to call Johnny Smalls (by now I had my heart set on tapas).  I had plenty of time to check out the new menu. It's a shame that I won't be trying the cubanitos, tempura calamari, or mofongo because I doubt I will be back.
3	We went for the painters and poets on Saturday. Lots of people outside, music, and just a great atmosphere.  We go inside, get a table and sat for  20 minutes before our waitress brought our drinks. Wine came in dirty glassees but the waitress did bring clean glasses/wine - after another 12 minutes.  We ordered tapas. One a calamari dish; I thought there was plastic in the batter but the chef told us that the cook didn't clean the cartilage from it. And that sure made me feel better...I liked the fish tacos because they're a unique build your own mini taco deal. They just have to remember that when guests order tapas that includes sauce, they really need to provide spoons.They comped a dessert because of the calamari and the wine issue which was a great thing to do. The staff was friendly but everyone seemed extremely rushed and just not happy. Maybe it's different on any other day besides Saturday so may go back on a week day.Overall, very cool place and people but wait time and some of the dishes could be better. If  more people were on staff during the weekend, things would be much better.
3	What a cool place!!  We went here on a Wednesday night and got the flatbread pizza and sliders.  Both were very good.Will be returning here soon because it's just a cool place to hang out!!Hopefully the Arts District expands here in Vegas.  Really like the vibe!!
5	You know how it is when you live in Vegas -- everyone comes to visit, and expects you to take them someplace "cool." Pressure!Yesterday I had two different friends in town, who both wanted a piece of me. One is a 7-months-pregnant Conservative Christian from Arkansas, and the other is a traveling art-nude model with a wild '70s bush and a predilection for men 40+ years her senior. Where to take them that would appeal to both??I wanted someplace fun, unpretentious and off-Strip (both of my friends have the good sense to despise the overpriced pretentiousness of places with all-caps names like MIX, STACK, FIX, DOUCHE...oh wait, the Health Dept. shut that one down). Anyhoo, I asked around and finally lit on Bar + Bistro...which turned out to be AWESOME! This was in the middle of the humid monsoon season (8.1.11), but we sat on their fabulous patio anyway -- and it was GREAT! They have a huge patio all strung up with Christmas lights, facing out onto Charleston Blvd...but it's not loud at all, and very pleasant. I always go for atmo over food quality...but it wasn't just the atmo that was kickass here -- every single thing we ordered was FANTASTIC! I had the chopped Latin salad (delish and filling), my girlfriends had paella (bomb) and pizza mergherita (ditto), plus we split an order of mahi mahi tacos (fabulous) and the lavash/hummus they brought us was also incredible. I really can't speak highly enough of the food here...and the prices were totally reasonable.The waitstaff was super badass, too. One of the waiters, a super cool guy named Arash, even came and had a beer with us. We had a total blast, and this was on a Monday night when the place was totally dead! I can only imagine how much fun it is during First Friday or their Saturday night poetry jam. I will DEFINITELY be coming back here!P.S. They also have a fairly extensive tapas menu...and I recommend this place a thousand times over Firefly. MUCH better atmo.
5	Take all of your friends! I took a group of friends here and despite their lack of culinary adventure, they loved it and so did I. The tapas were excellent and flavorful. The seafood was tasty and ple-according to my non-veg friends.The meat looked delicious and everyone fought for the last piece. Funky, eclectic And supports local artists. Chef/ Owner greeted us, not sure if he usually does that but he was really cool.Also, don' t be discouraged by its off strip location, it was worth ditching the bland buffets and pulling our car out of hotel lot for a short drive, it's right off the freeway. Great place!
3	My girlfriend and I stopped by here for First Friday.  We sat in the bar area so It was a great people watching spot.  We ordered a couple appetizers, the fish tacos and the sliders. I would have liked the sliders better if the bread wasn't so hard.  However, I did like the fish taco platter, as I would describe it, because the ingredients came separate and you assembled the taco yourself.  The winner for me though was the dessert recommended by the waiter, the donut churros with the chocolate sauce.  My only complaint would be we were told about a $2 beer special and it being warm.  I would think it it's the special of the night it would be ready to go cold and I wouldn't have to pour it over ice.
3	The only reason this place is getting 3 stars is due to the food and atmosphere. We went on Open Mic night and observed some true local talent. From the 6 dishes we tried, we are raving about the Cordero Lamb chops, Garlic Pollo, and Filet Steak Sliders. I'm not a big lamb fan, but they managed to cook out that distinct flavor and keep it tender. The Garlic Pollo was a party in my mouth. So flavorful, I want the recipe! We were bummed when they told us they were out of banana foster baklava, after we ordered and waited 5 minutes. The service went downhill from that point. We were served by a Bartendar because they were so short staffed. Mind you it was a Saturday night. We ordered the Churro Donuts instead and waited at least 30 minutes before receiving the food. She told us that the kitchen lost the ticket, but that it would be out shortly. We were then transferred to another server, who didn't have a clue about the Restaurant. com Gift Certificate I had given our previous Server/ Bartendar. The Chef (possibly also the Manager/ Owner) gave us two free drink tickets, our desert was comped, and we also rec'd a free slider because it was double ordered. They also gave us a 25% discount, which I orginally thought was my gift certificate. Once the check was corrected, we lost the 25% discount and they took off a dish, but added a beer, making the check discounted $5. I was so confused, as was the server at the time, so I don't believe any of the poor service was intentional. However, I must note, that when my boyfriend went to the bar to retrieve our free drinks, the Bartendar thought he was mad at her, and confessed to forgetting to order our desert all together. How Lame is that? Overall, the menu had so many tastey items, that I would likely give them another go. Oh, I almost forogt to mention, the Watermelon Sangria is a Must Have!
2	Bar+Bistro I so wanted to give you a better rating, but alas I cannot.I met up with a friend here last night to watch three bands play. The last band, being from Alabama and consisting of a guitar player, washtub bass, snare drum player (yes just one drum), and a girl who switched up playing a washboard and a saw (yes, a saw), made my experience here be bumped up to two stars, otherwise I would have given the place a 1-star rating for last night.Bar+Bistro is on its way to being a cool, hip place to eat and hang out. Unfortunately, it has its hiccups. So let me start off by saying, I did enjoy my food, it was good and I can tell someone is putting care into making it. Moving on...I ordered the Mahi Mahi Tacos, my friend ordered the fries. The fries came out first and then quickly after, my tacos. The fries were good, my tacos were good. But it ends there. The tacos came as a "make it yourself" platter, which is a fun thing to do. However, I just kept thinking, "I could go down the street to Tacos El Gordo and have FIVE awesome tacos for less money than I'm spending now AND I wouldn't have to make them myself". That's just where my mind wanders I guess.My biggest complaint of the night: the bartenders. I've stated before that chick bartenders piss me off and tonight the case was in full swing. There were two bartenders working that night, both ladies, both with dark hair. I walked up to a bar that was half full, pulled out my money and ID (because I always get ID'd) and stood there, obviously looking like I wanted to order. I proceeded to make eye contact with both of the bartenders many times. Finally, one came by and said she'd be "right with me". "Thanks" I replied back. She then proceeded to walk around the bar again. At this point two older gentleman walked up to the bar yelling pleasantries at the bartender. She walks up to them, chats, and then serves them........... BEFORE ME. I was so irritated by this point I just pointed to the beer in the hand of one of the guys beside me and she walked off and got me my beer. Since I already had $3 in my hand I just gave her the money and walked off. She should not have gotten a tip from me at all.So, I want to like Bar+Bistro, I really do. The al fresco dining is awesome, but with staff treating customers so poorly it is hard for me to want to go back.EDIT: Sometimes my bias of bartenders gets the best of me. But just so everyone knows, the bartenders at Bar+Bistro are very nice and even contacted me via Yelp about my experience. I am going back to Bar+Bistro and I am certainly hoping for a better experience. I think it will definitely be better in the next go round. :)
2	Went for lunch today with a group of six others.  We arrived at 11:30 a.m. and left at 1:30 p.m.  In and out in 2 hours.  Not what we planned at all.  The wait for our lunch was a half hour.  We were silly enough to order dessert, which took another 20 minutes.  We had to then track down the waiter to get the bill, which we had asked for when dessert was delivered.The menu had interesting selections and the food, although a bit pricey, was plated nicely and had good flavors and textures.  I had the B + B chicken club, with thick, moist slices of chicken breast.  Came with sweet potato fries, which were delicious.  For dessert, we ordered several things.  I tried a bite of the chocolate gelato, which was not smooth and a bit icy.  The donut churros were excellent.
4	I returned to Bar+Bistro this past Friday night at the request of some friends and especially because an old friend was coming in from out of town. We had a group of seven of people, although we originally thought it was going to be smaller than that. Our server was helpful enough to switch some tables around to accommodate our group.We dined on the patio and although it was a bit hot at times it was the perfect spot for a group of friends to catch up and have a good time.We ordered: Spanish Alchacofa DipGarlic Pollo B+B SliderTempura CalamariDonut ChurrosSome of the group was just there to drink, others shared all the food. Our consensus was the Alchacofa dip, garlic pollo, and the donuts were the best. The calamari was really chewy, almost to a point I really did not want to eat it and I was not a fan of the tempura-style. My friend said the B+B slider was great. However, I think the star of everything was the donut churros with the spicy chocolate sauce.Although my first experience here fell flat, this go-round was much better. Our server was consistent and very nice as well. I look forward to coming here from time to time. But I will say that I still think this place needs to be around for a little more before it's going to be top-notch Vegas dining.
4	Love to try new places, and I'm a risk taker when it comes to food.  Finding a creative menu of tapas was a pleasant surprise and we especially enjoyed the friendly staff who was willing to answer our foodie questions about the menu!  Big plus was a visit to our table from talented Chef Beni.  This is a great place to take friends, off-strip and an even better way to support local business.
5	We ate here with a group of 24 and the food was amazing. Great flavors. Wonderful presentation. Attentive service.
4	One of my favorite meals out here in vegas.  Tapas are always a hit with me because you get to try so many different things while not over stuffing youself (hey gotta watch the figure so I don't baloon out of control and have to watch my diet later on!)  We went on a wednesday night and I wasn't sure if it was open becuase there was no one else there!  But this gave the waitress an opportunity to be uber helpful/friendly!  She recommended the mac and cheese which was easily one of my top three that i've ever eaten.  (and I'm vegetarian and just out of college so i've had my fair share of mac and cheese both gourmet and easy mac)  Then we also got the tempura alcachofa (artichoke hearts) which were a little too oily for me, but i guess I should have expected it being that they were deep fried tempura style.  Then we had the mofongo (fried plantain...noticing a trend here with the fried stuff...) which was kind of bland until i realized I hadn't eaten any of the plantain but just the various vegetabels around it  haha.  The main part was tasty enough but kind of small and left me craving more plantain on the plate.  Then we did have dessert of a warm chocolate ganache cake which was supposed to come with Fig ice cream which I was really exccited for.  Unfortunatley they were out of the fig ice cream and just served us vanilla without telling us...(hmm shady)  they were also out of another dessert that I really wanted to try.  I was a little surprised becuase they didn't seem altogether that busy with only one or two other parties coming in.  But maybe it was an off day.The best part about this place was the attached art gallery.  After eating we were able to walk around the gallery  (nothing huge but nice enough to do a little round after eating)  This helped settle my stomach and peaked my interest with some interesting pieces to look at.  I can't really afford them all too much right now being in grad school on student loans haha.  But very fun and interesting to look at.  I will surely make an attempt to return when they have an event on a friday or saturday evening, as it is always nice to get a new experience outside the usual clubbing in vegas.
3	I am giving Bar + Bistro 3 stars because of atmosphere, overall food quality and I have a soft spot for the LV arts district.My husband and I visited Bar + Bistro for the first time in the summer of 2010 on a quiet weeknight and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the black tagliatelle with scallops and pink peppercorns and the hubs had that nights special which was chicken alla fiorentina. The chicken was stuffed with spinach and some sort of ham and cheese (probably prosciutto and mozzarella), and finished with a luxurious brown sauce of some sort. My dish was outstanding, but I tried my husbands chicken and it was marvelous. I could have licked the sauce off of the plate and would probably give up my first born to have the recipe. I also had a cucumber gin cocktail that was outstanding. The only bad thing about our meal was the cheesecake which was a bit dry, but our waiter took it off of the check for us.Now moving on to the not so great part...Its now been about a year since that first visit and I must say that our most recent visit was not met with the same caliber as our first visit last year.This second time around, we visited the restaurant during "Painters on the Patio," which seemed like a good idea upon arrival as the outdoor patio was bustling with artists and poets performing over an open mic. But we came to regret this decision due to blaring music and poetry recitals that made it impossible to converse without yelling. Had the staff made it a point to close the bar door, this would not have been a problem. And it was busy, which is normally a good sign, but upon being seated (promptly mind you) we noticed that the restaurant seemed to be a bit short staffed and overwhelmed. We were disappointed to find that the menu had changed from the initial modern European concept to a Spanish menu, as we were looking forward to enjoying the Italian dishes we had on our initial visit. But we ordered regardless and enjoyed the food. Everything we had was very flavorful and prepared with care. Since we had a party of 4, we ordered a slew of tapas that included the sweet potato fries, the caprese slider, 4 cheese mac, french onion soup and cordero chops. The sangria was good but was a bit warm and the ice melted quickly which watered down the overall beverage. My husbands beer was also a bit warm and he was a bit annoyed by the minuscule portion size of the cordero chops, as he was expecting something more substantial for $12.Don't get me wrong, we are more than willing to shell out cash for good food, however this was hard to justify since service was lacking. Our waitress did not tell us her name and would often disappear without a trace or ignore us. The wait time for our food was very long as the dishes slowly trickled out. It took 10 minutes for the waitress to provide us with silverware and one person in out party waited another 10 minutes for a spoon for her onion soup. We had to flag our waitress down when our water glasses were empty. Midway through our service, we ordered the donut churros which did not appear after we finished our tapas. We had to flag down another waiter when our waitress couldn't be found to find out what was going on. He went and got our waitress and she then told us that it would be about a 20 min wait for the donut churros, after we had already been waiting. We then asked for the check which took another 10 minutes to appear. We also noticed other tables that had not received their orders for quite some time.When we were leaving our waitress apologized for the wait. Overall, we were there for 2.5 hours.....for tapas. This is unacceptable. I really want to like this restaurant. The food is great and I love the atmosphere and how it caters to artists, but this service leaves much to be desired and it seemed that the kitchen had some hiccups as well. I may give it another go on a slower weeknight in the future, but the rest of my party was not as enthusiastic.
4	We really enjoyed brunch this past Sunday --  after a horrible dinner the night before at a very pricey restaurant, we just wanted something simple, well prepared and tasty...and that's what we found at B+B.  This wasn't the best brunch we've ever had, but the trip downtown, coupled with accommodating service, smiling faces and a happy gracious chef who seemed pleased to see we'd returned, made us feel like we had great value for our dollar.   We'll definitely come back.  How nice is it to have a meal in a local venue that isn't in a strip mall.  This is one of the few places that has real ambiance...the floors aren't brick - they're made from old wood casks cut into tiles...my husband figured it out - he's very observant...  The large booth tables in one room - which is far more charming than the larger side room, are shaped like painter's pallettes... lots of art on the walls from neighboring, resident artists in the surrounding gallery spaces...  It's cool, hip, funky and fun.  The food is interesting... They have a liquor license and are pouring fun drinks and have a very reasonably priced wine list. We're definitely fans!
5	We went here for lunch very late in the day. They were getting ready to close, but seated us and were still gracious. Our waitress was very professional and helpful. I ordered the steak cobb as usual. I should try something else but it is so good I can't help myself. My friend had the caesar and said it was good, but wished she had ordered what I did. We couldn't drink as we still had appointments. But they have the best Sangria and Mimosas I have ever had. Even though we were well past closing she did not try to rush us out. I adore this place and can't wait to return!
3	i say OK. took a little longer to get our order in after being seated ...on a really slow night. but the food was good. i think the drink prices ar a lil high. and not enough outdoor seating.they are pet friendly which is a plus but im sure thats outdoor only and its hard to get a spot out side when there is only 3 or 4 tables.
5	I've had Bar + Bistro bookmarked for about a year. Finally went two weeks ago and have been there three times since.I highly suggest ordering a latte with breakfast. A fabulous surprise was the crispy pancakes. There are about five items on the breakfast menu. The omelet was okay. I probably wouldn't revisit it.The steak salad at lunch is wonderful. For $12 you get a filling assortment of pumpkin seeds, blue cheese, eggs, avocado, tomatoes, and grilled steak. For dinner I tried their version of sorullitos. Holy cow. This is the reason I returned twice. These things are the distant, beautiful cousins to the ones you get in Puerto Rico. The cousin everyone wants, but no one can have, because, well, it's family and that'd be wrong. But here, it's okay. Eat the corny fried thing with the secret spicy sauce. Guess the thing that puts Bar + Bistro above the rest is the atmosphere. It's real. Authentic. It has hurricane furniture, the kind that doesn't move when a storm hits because it's the real deal, welded together by an artist. My dad welds. Service can be spotty but I don't mind because I've got stars in my eyes.Bar + Bistro is what community tastes like, looks like.
4	I LOVED this place, but I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because I'm a large person and the servings are really small.  The service wasn't the best, but it could be more related to the day and time I ate here.  I fully enjoyed the crispy pancakes, but was still hungry after I finished, so I finished my wife's CANGREJO BENEDICT MOFONGO which was one of the best things I think I've had in my entire life!  I was really angry that I didn't order that.  Although it was a very small serving, the flavors came together so nicely that I could have ordered two dishes if I felt like spending some cash.  The Bar + Bistro is a perfect place to finish up your weekend in Vegas.
5	4.5 stars, but if I have to choose four or five, they deserve the benefit of the doubt.  After a rocking party at Mamie P.'s, and far too little sleep, we decided to hit up Bar + Bistro and put their Hangover Brunch to the test.  Right in the middle of the downtown Las Vegas art district, the brick building housing B + B is bursting with character.  It is the perfect backdrop to serve their delicious, unique and artfully prepared food.  The breakfast selection was limited, but it was rounded out with a great selection of Spanish tapas.  I had the Cangrejo Benedict Mofongo.  It was amazing!  The serving was on the small side, but, oh man, did they pack in the flavor. I tasted he pancakes as well. They were delicious, but the presentation left a bit to be desired.  Three pancakes slapped on a barren plate was not doing it for me, but once I took a bite of the sweet, crispy (yes...crispy!) goodness, I forgave the lack of effort to make the plate look pretty.  If you end up ordering the pancakes, add some bacon to cut the sweetness of the dish and pretty up the plate a bit.  On top of the fact that you are getting to enjoy delicious food, in a fun, hip area of Vegas, you are also treated to an awesome display of artwork by local artists.  Many of the pieces are available for purchase.  If you are in the area on a weekend, you must stop by B + B and indulge in the Hangover Brunch.  While you are at it, support a local artist by taking one of their pieces home to adorn your pad.  Then you will forever have a reminder of the goodness that is Bar + Bistro.
3	The food is great, the enterior is great, but the food servings are a little small and the prices are a little too high for the area. If you are around Casino Center and Charleston and have extra money to burn, then stop in. Wednesday nights are great to go to and watch the Flameology fire spinners outside on the patio area, or on Saturdays you can listen to some whack job poets out there. I give it 3 stars because of the portion size and price. If you go to the bar attached to it, you'll dig the place, but not the drink prices. They are about about 20% more than Artifice RIGHT next door.
4	Two words: tomato soup. One of my co-workers told me she wanted to live inside of Bar+Bistro's tomato soup when she had it and now it makes sense. I can't even talk about anything else in reference to Bar+Bistro without screaming "tomato soup!" first. It's good enough to inspire embarrassing public verbal malfunctions. You cannot leave without trying this soup.**I had a really awesome review written and when I went to publish it Yelp was "down for maintenance" and only saved through the first paragrpah**I wrote some nice things about Bar+Bistro and am sad I lost the rest of my review! In a nutshell, the restaurant utilizes its space really well and has such a fun vibe. The food is great, although I'd pass on the garlic pollo if offered again. I got it based on the Yelp reviews and was disappointed. The broth was great, but the chicken didn't take on any of the flavor of the broth and I felt like I was eating an incomplete dish. However the tempura alcachofa (artichoke) and tomato soup were very tasty and I could make their tomato soup a weekly habit. The outdoor space is really cool and I felt like I was just hanging out at a friend's house, with better food of course. When I was there for vintage bike night chef was cooking up an enormous pan of paella and serving it up in hearty portions for only $5! I'll definitely be back and you should go too-do it for the soup!
4	Come for the whiskey, stay for the food.  [That's pretty much what happened to me.]  We went out for a whiskey tasting and chose Bar + Bistro because they have a decently large collection of whiskeys, scotches and tequilas.  And the place puts together some interesting flights so you can compare the flavors of your favorite whiskey against a few you haven't tried before.Sure, it's not the only bar in Vegas with a lot of whiskey options or the only bar offering flights, but it's one of the few whiskey bars in Vegas that understands the right ambiance for a wine bar/whiskey tasting bar.  [Hint: it's not pumping in club music and ruining the mellow vibe (ahem, Double Helix, looking at your bad choices)].  Nope, Bar + Bistro gets that setting the mood is an important component of a great bar.  The place plays off its prime spot downtown in the center of the Arts District (in the Arts Factory building) and provides heavy wooden tables, soft lighting and comfy booths for people to hang out in and enjoy the space while enjoying the drinks.     After a few drinks, I started thinking food.  Check.  Bar + Bistro offers an excellent tapas menu as well.  We had the carnitas tacos, which were some of the better carnitas I've had in Vegas.  The pork was tender and juicy with excellent seasoning.  They come out on a narrow white plate filled with an accompanying row of color--green tomatillo salsa and yellow mango salsa.  We paired that up with the Little Pollo plate of chicken fingers (breading was crisp and the chicken tender), sliders (overpriced at $5 each, but tasty enough), Tomato soup--which everyone at the table raved about and I just have to pause and note that it must be amazing because, well, it's tomato soup (simple and classic offering) and we were all in love with it.Advance warning: the prices are a little steep for some of the tapas ($7-14), but from what I've experienced, their tapas servings are bigger than most tapas places and the food is so fresh and tasty that it's worth it.  And, well, the couple of times we've been here, the service is slow.  Real slow.  I assume they're working on it, but it takes a long time for everything.  You'll be waiting for drinks and food alike.So if you've got some time and a little coin in your pocket, it's one of the better spaces in Vegas to hang out and have a drink.
4	Add B+B to the current vegan explosion going on in Vegas! Their chef recently revealed a new and extensive vegan menu.  I was super excited to check it out, and I was not disappointed.First, there are at least 3 or 4 FULL PAGES of vegan menu, including tapas, salads, sandwiches, entrees and yes, even desserts.  No afterthought of inclusion here -- this was a carefully thought-out and well-designed nod to vegan and v-friendly diners.  I went with my foodie vegan pal, and we tried lots of tapas: Daiya cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers (yum!), pomegranate-sauced plantains (yum!), fried artichokes (yum!), paella (yum!), and grilled veggie tacos (OMFG double yum!).  The paella was more of a risotto, but still tasty, and a HUGE serving considering it was a "tapa."  The star of the evening was the plate grilled tacos, which came with jicama slaw, pico de gallo and some mango salsa, too, I believe.  Each component was delish and combined, the flavors all really worked together.  Sadly there were only 3 little tortillas (so there was lots of leftover filling, which we ate anyway).  I cold have eaten 10 of these! Another nice surprise was the VERY reasonably-priced wine list! We had a nice bottle of garnacha to accompany our dinner, and it was only $28.  Several other choices under $30 as well! We decided on the chocolate cake (served with a glass of rice milk) for dessert.  Way too full to each get our own!  It took quite awhile to arrive (I actually think our waiter forgot to put in the order), but we were enjoying our wine and a lovely evening on the patio, so no big.  The cake was also delish.  Molten on the inside, and the cool rice milk was a nice foil to the warm chocolate.  The texture of the cake was a little spongy and dry, but I would definitely order it again.I can't wait to go back and try more stuff! I put up my pictures from the night, but they are pretty poor quality due to the low lighting.  Better pix next time!Our server was very nice, but a bit slow and absent minded. That was the only real negative.  Otherwise, everything was excellent; and our dinner with 5 tapas, dessert, a bottle of wine, sparkling water, and tip was just over $100.  Good deal!
4	After dining here solo on one of my lunch break adventures, I was sold on coming back again and again. I can only share my input on lunch since it takes a lot to get me to head back downtown after working around here all day...wait...that doesn't sound good. I work at a casino ok??!! With 3 distinctly different places to sit and enjoy your food, outdoor seating, indoor cozy booths with funky tables or a more modernized cafe table seating surrounded by artwork, it's like 3 restaurants in one! Anyway, the food here is unique, a nice break from a Subway run for sure. The lunch menu has tons of choices and they get a good crowd because of it. The choices include safe lunch fare and more adventurous items but all are kicked up by their creative chef...even the condiments get special treatment, with their spicy ketchup and tangy mayo. The 4 cheese grill is amazing and a ton of food for a great price, complete with a little baby mug of tomato soup (so cute!). End with a nice bold cup of coffee and one of their tasty desserts. Afterwards you can take a walk over to the attached art gallery, lots of cool exhibits all around the maze-like hallways. I love this place and love introducing people to it even more, because let's face it, the arts district can be a little intimidating. Stop in and have some creative food at a good price!
5	Wonderful food combined with terrific but funky atmosphere and personable servers! What more could you want?The arts factory area is a part of Las Vegas that the typical tourist (like me) is unlikely to visit and resides in a neighborhood that has seen better days. In spite of the forbidding first impression, the entire area, and especially this restaurant/bar, are worth frequent visits. This restaurant is the perfect culmination to a great experience by being the highlight of the experience. The menu offers a great variety and is exciting to puruse.  Limiting your selections is really challenging with so much to select from! The food is prepared to oder from this very extensive menu. There is a "regular section" with two or three pages of selections available, and an equally large "Vegan" section also running a couple of pages. The tappas approach to the dishes is another plus since it gives diners the chance to sample many things, and doing that is a rewarding experience. The desserts and unlike those found virtually anywhere else and I found myself wanting them all. I don't expect to visit Vegas again, but if I do, this place will certainly be on my "must do" list.
2	It's really a shame because this place could be awesome. This place really needs help service wise. The food is pretty decent. The service was atrocious. I felt slightly bad because our waitress was really nice and a little apologetic, but at the same time we all ordered at the same time got some food at a reasonable time and then a half an hour later we'd get the other food. We spent so much time sitting around waiting for a simple veggie sandwich. This place has serious management issues. The head chef needs to spend less time walking around and shaking everyone's hands and more time running the actual restaurant. Also, a bar and bistro should not have the problem of running out of any beer on a Thursday night when there is hardly anyone there.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in town! They have a great vegan menu.
5	Food is always good, from small plates to soups to entrees. Service is solid, but not overly attentive. Great location and never too busy. Check it out!
5	So, we're in Vegas, and getting really sick of the strip and the mall food. We decided to take a risk, hop a cab, and give this place a try. It did not disappoint. The sangria was really good with crisp apples and assorted fruit. The tapas came to the table fast, and were larger portions than I'm used to seeing. The mofongo was out of this world good. The paella was excellent, and the donut churros really topped it off nicely. I'm a little sad that the patio was pretty much shutdown, but if I'm ever back in town, this will be a must visit. Oh, and the varnished brick floor, that's a really nice touch.
4	Mahi mahi mini tacos, u make them your self. They are very yummy they come with slaw, mango salsa, and green salsa. I love the place! Its artsy fartsy!  Check out the paintings, and buy one while your at it!
5	Our new favorite Secret Hideaway cool restaurant in Las Vegas. Everything their kitchen cranks out is amazing. The sauces are intricate w/ depth, balance, and have a lingering finish that leave you craving more. A foodie's wet dream. Forget the strip. If you're a local, go check these guys out. Also the atmosphere is cozy-funky-cool. This is what Vegas needs a lot more of.
5	so, its 9:30 at night in old las vegas (yes i call it that, seeing as how i am from phx, not vegas), hungry, and searching for a taste of something sort of healthy. my dad pulls up this place on some search engine after we finish shopping and off we go to get food. if i remember correctly he searched for vegetarian and it popped up.We drive up and park, and its a little dead (not many people inside or out, which is fine), and walk in. the tables are funky and unique, as is the art that graces the walls. we get seated and our waitress, Moni, is awesome!! she not only was quick and attentive, but also was interested in my dad's food rambles. she even had beni, the chef, come out and talk to my dad (don't worry, nothing was wrong) and they started bouncing ideas for new dishes off each other. now to the food. OH. MY. GOD. i couldn't stop eating and i didn't know what i wanted my next bite to be of, everything was so good!!! we started with soups, i got the red lentil off of the VEGA menu, which was simple but warm and cozy, my dad got the seasonal pumpkin and acorn squash, which wasn't for me, but still tasty.  next up was the carnitas tacos (a MUST HAVE!!!), the sweet planatos (there are no words to describe the deliciousness of these. i kid not), the artichoke dip (damn tasty, make sure you get it with the chorizo) and the carne pizza (yum!). last but certainly not least, was dessert. there was the sorbet/ice cream trio, we ordered the ginger (i said, no shit, "it seeps into my soul and makes me giggle", which is totally true) the cranberry citrus, which was tart and almost fizzy feeling, and the true oddity of the menu, the butter cream corn. the flavor starts out as a buttercream ice cream, no hint of corn, but then as the ice cream melts away, you are left feeling as if you should be chewing on sweet, succulent corn. total mind f--- but trust me, its the best thing ever!! all of it was. there's an art gallery and a yoga studio among other things in the back and let's just say, i have found my new home here in vegas thanks to B+B
4	You would think that finding a place to eat dinner on Christmas Even in Las Vegas is not difficult, right? Well, if you're not looking for a buffet or some overpriced casino restaurant, it's actually a lot harder than you think. Sure, Vegas is a 24-hour city for tourists, but apparently locals prefer to eat important holiday meals at home. Who knew?Luckily, Bar + Bistro's kitchen was open December 24 and we were able to dine in on some small plates while catching up with friends over drinks. I've been here before for a cocktail and this is a cool local bar. It's never too terribly crowded inside and there's a very inviting patio out front. Although they had a fire going, it was a little too chilly to sit out there. Inside was toasty warm and a glass of wine was calling my name. For dinner we ordered plantains, carnitas tacos and potatoes bravas. In retrospect, I should have gotten the sangria to go with this Spanish cuisine, but as I mentioned before, it was cold outside and I wanted a non-icy drink to warm up. The sangria here is especially good, so definitely order it if you're at the bar. Portions were just right - we had a heavy lunch just a few hours earlier and just wanted something small. Carnitas tacos were so good! Would eat three more plates of them! Plantains and potatoes were good, very standard tapas fare. Thank you, Bar + Bistro for being open Christmas Eve and serving food, too! Hit the spot!
4	Went for a late night dessert, the fig & pecan baklava is excellent, the ice cream homemade, the molten chocolate cake just right for that needed chocolate fix.
2	I've been here a couple of times now, e.g., birthday dinners, bachelorette dinner and lunch.The food is generally good.  I've had the Kobe Beef sliders, which are fantastic, but $5/slider.  I've also had various other tapas plates, including fish street tacos, french fries (a necessity), pitas, paella (I think), and of course, sangria.The last time I went was for lunch on my birthday.  My bosses and some co-workers were nice enough to treat/join me for lunch.  I suggested the Bar + Bistro since none of them had been there before (or the current iteration of it).  We called ahead to reserve a table for seven people and were seated in the room left to the entrance.  We promptly ordered food and after that, it sorta went downhill.  Each of our individual food came out in 10-15 minutes intervals.  This meant that no one got their food at the same time, and some people had to start eating way before others in the group.  There was no method to the madness.  We had to ask the waiter a couple of times to re-fill our drinks, including hot water for tea that two people ordered.  The hot water never came.  The worst was that one boss's food came out dead last, literally 45-55 minutes after ordering.  By that time, all of us had finished our food.  He had ordered tomato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich. To add insult to injury (actually it was kinda funny *after* the fact), the tomato soup came out in a tiny (I mean TINY) espresso cup.  The sandwiches were tiny finger sandwiches, like the kind offered by old ladies at club meetings.  Suffice it to say, he was not a happy camper.                 I had a Margherita flat bread type pizza, which was actually pretty good.  Everyone else said their food was so-so.  The overall service was terrible.  I'm not sure if they were short-staffed that day, or what the hizzle happened.  To be fair, they took the tomato soup and cheese sandwiches off the bill.  But B + B  really dropped the ball.  I'll likely go back with family or friends...but for now, I'm blacklisted at work from suggesting lunch places without the corroboration of someone else.   That makes me a bit of a sad panda!
4	Since my return to the motherland (and that of my mother), I have seen this place a couple of times and said to myself, "I really need to check that place out."  In addition, other Yelpers have always encouraged my need to try any place once.  Last Friday night, I took my mom for a girl's night out (which ended up being a girl's night out/meet up with my uncle at the stink funktastic El Cortez, but that's entirely different story) and I finally filled my need to check it out.Located on the corner of Casino Center and Charleston, the Bar and Bistro is nestled in a toasty warm nook.  There's a patio with a bar outside which I'm sure during the summer months is raging.  Due to the chilly weather, the bar was of course closed and despite the heat lamps provided, there were very few patrons sitting outside that I could see.  Inside the rich vibrant red colors and arts adorn the walls of the dimly lit place and the booth we were seated had its own charm with dried food at the edge of the table which my mom discovered as she slid inside.  We're not ones to cry over spilled milk or in this case, dried up leftovers from the previous booth patron and so our server handled it right away.  This brings me to our server.  I'm horrible with names but long on remembering faces and she was as sweet as can be.  She was very attentive, knowledgeable, personable and relaxed which any one should want in their server.  I really hate the overbearing ones who try to upsale - it's annoying and unnecessary.  She did a fab job bringing out our selections in a timely manner as well.  And this is what we had:Sangria w/ prescco (at our great server's suggestion)French onion soupB&B CangrejoCarnitas TacosChimichurri Steak CobbCarne pizzaNeedless to say, we took home our salad and pizza because between the soup and the tapas, I was all but done.  And because we had two sangrias each and we were not feeling the need to be completely gluttonous, we skipped dessert.  When I come back, I will skip the tapas and entrees and head right for the desserts because those smores look delicious.  I will definitely be back.  Perhaps next time I will bring my husband who never takes me out anymore.  He might enjoy the whiskey flights after all and I'm intrigued with that as well.  Does whiskey go well with smores?  Oh what am I saying?  It's whiskey, it's good with everything!
5	Love this place! Brunch was perfect! Four Cheese Quiche with side salad, Chicken Nuggets, and Mimosas :) My auntie had her first Mimosa  ever. Bluegrass band on the patio was enjoyable and they allow doggies. My doggie, Tiny, loved the atmosphere. I'll return again if ever in Vegas.
4	I was going to downtown Las Vegas last night for a show, so I decided to stop for dinner at the Bar + Bistro.  I made one error in that it was First Friday in the Arts District and the restaurant has an abbreviated menu for that evening.I went with two of their tapas plates and a dessert.  I started with their roasted tomate soup.  It was excellent.  The second dish was their 5 cheese mac and cheese a combination of smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, fontina, Manchego, roasted tomato, piquillo peppers, and parmesan crisp.  The pasta was gigli.  The mac and cheese was very tasty, too!I rounded out my dinner with a warm chocolate ganache cake.  It, too, was excellent.  It was served with a small scoop of sorbet and it was a perfect ending.All things considered, I'd rather have come here on a night when I could have ordered from the full menu, but I had the chance to taste some of their good cuisine.  I think it's a bit pricey for what you get.  I enjoyed the decor a lot.  The tables shaped like artists' palettes with a metal well in many.  One thing that got me several times was the thought that I had dripped something onto the table.  When I looked, it was merely some spattered paint when they were decorating the tables.  Every time I looked down, it was a "gotcha."
4	Wonderful atmosphere in this joint. Think Williamsburg hipster mixed with an art degree twist. I personally think Vegas needs about 30 more places with this same local flair, and less corporate megarestaruants. As for the food, I sampled many of the Tapas but had no entrees. My favorites were the Lamb, the mahi mahi tacos, the pizza (super good, reminded me of Settebello in Green Valley's style), and the beef sliders. I was not blown away by the sauteed calamari, tasted a little too fishy and peppery. I saw some guy eating the steak, it made me drool. Drinks were delicious and full of alcohol but came out a little slow, and so did the plates (we had to ask twice). The waiter was a sweet girl though, maybe her mind was just somewhere else that night. I will definitely return.
4	Excellent Customer Service and EXCELLENT food!! So we showed up with about a group of 6. We arrived at the  restaurant on 2.12.12 and were told that we had missed our reservation by an hour and that the restaurant was closed. My husband and I were visiting from out of town and a Friend of a friend had made the reservation. The host of our group had been mistaken and explained this to the staff and they GRACIOUSLY seated us in the bar. The darling bartender made us feel right at home and was happy to serve us. I order the shrimp mafongo (sp) YUM!!!!! I also ordered the tempura artichoke, I was told they were out, the bartender suggested a couple items, and I couldn't decide (everything on the menu looks DELICIOUS) she asked if she could just pick out a fav of hers for me and if I didn't like it I could send it back...I was pleasantly surprised with the CORDERO CHOPS = Australian grilled lamb chops. YUM!! I am not even a fan of lamb...I guess they know how to do it right. If you are in Vegas CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!! I cannot wait to go back!!
5	This is among my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I always include Arts Bistro on my list of places to bring friends when they visit from out-of-town.  I like the artsy decorum of the place - the vibe is a lot different from standard Vegas.   I also really like the down-to-earth atmosphere of the place.   It is very nice and eclectic, and has a real sense of uniqueness for being in the middle of Vegas.The food here is great.  My favorites are the artichoke dip and the ahi salad.    Its also nice that they have healthy options, as well as dishes for vegans.  I was here with some friends for New Years Eve dinner - they had a 10-course tapas meal, which I felt was far superior to any buffet or gourmet meal that could be had on the strip, and it was less expensive too.Their sangrias are great, I feel as though I can literally taste the word "quality" when I drink it.  Their happy hour deal on Sangrias (@ $4) I think is a really great value.
2	Boo! I really tried to enjoy the food and absorb the atmosphere because I really want the downtown area to become a local hang out and hot spot for great dining. I was disappointed with the overall flavor of the food and even more disappointed with the bill when I left. I don't mind dropping $150 on a casual dinner for 2, but I expect it to be memorable and delicious. I think the menu is 'trying too hard" to be hip and the ambiance is about the same. On a good note: The drinks are fantastic and the service is GREAT!
1	Ive tried to eat here twice on first friday.  Not only was there a scene between the hostess/server whatever she was and the manager guy or whatever he was about seating.  They yelled at each other while us guests waited by the door to be seated.  Did we get seated? No. Do we care about your stupid unprofessional tantrum at the door? No.  This place sucks, won't ever recommend, it should be replaced with people who know what they're doing.  It's called SERVICE people!!!!!
5	I decided to invite business partners to Restaurants for Restaurant week as a good excude to get together, enjoy good food and donate to a GREAT cause.  I was pleasantly surprised at the Cubano Panino on the menu for Restaurant Week.  A three course meal for $20.11.  NICE!
5	Sunday Bluegrass Brunch is brillant.  Feels like a quirky southern place with refined food, live music for the in the know set. The best outdoor place to eat breakie in vegas bar none.  Short cab from chaos on the strip. Make sure you have waiter call you a cab at least 20 mins before you leave as there is no hailing one.  A bit pricy but so is everything in vegas. I believe this may be my best "off the beaten path" brunch find yet.
1	Too oily, no taste.My bf and myself gave this place 2 separate tries cause it seemed to have potential. The first time we ordered the grilled vega tacos, Potatoes brava, And b + b vega burgers all from the vegan menu. The tacos came with roasted squash that was so oily we couldn't eat it in the tortillas. The sliders were OK but didn't taste like much and the potatoes were just potatoes in a tomato sauce that tasted no better then something out of a jar.The second try we ordered the b+ b sliders again and they were so oily and tasteless we didn't each finish a our slider. We also tried the Vega mofongo cause it sounded interesting but it was mashed plantains sitting in a pool of oil and topped with over cooked veggies with no flavor. Gross. Didn't finish. Also tried the trio roasted Tomatillos and only ate one whole that we split. The tomatillo was so over roasted it was mush and tasteless. Didn't eat the other two we just scooped out the stuffing and pushed it around the plate.We tried to give artsy Vegas a chance but it was too gross to even stomach. We are from Detroit so it's not like we are used to super high end vegan food. But at least what we pay $50 for in Detroit fills us up and doesn't leave us feeling sick. Stopped by a national chain on our way back to our hotel cause we were still hungry.
2	I was hoping to have a knock-your-socks-off experience here.  I did not. I love downtown Vegas, and I am a fan of any business that is going to help the area grow.  So kudos for that. However, when you have alcapurrias, bacalaitos, mofongo, and paella on the menu, I'm going to judge you harshly if you can't deliver.  Let me preface by saying that I knew going into this place that everything on the menu was going to be the 'fancy-pants' version of traditional Spanish and Caribbean foods, so there's some leeway for artistic interpretation.  I said leeway, not 'screw tradition, I do what I want'.  I've had alcapurrias, bacalaitos, and mofongo on the beaches of Puerto Rico, so ordering this was a way to have a culinary nostalgia trip for me.  Nope, no such luck.  The alcapurrias were bland, the bacalaitos were soggy, and the mofongo was oily.  For those of you not familiar with these foods, they are *not* supposed to be that way.  Now, the paella, I'm thinking will redeem the menu.  It's a seafood paella, with mussels, shrimp, clams, bits of whitefish (I believe cod but don't quote me), and veggies and rice.  Traditional paella takes at least a good half hour to bake, and it should only be made when it's ordered.  Otherwise, if it sits too long it can get gummy and chewy.  So I'm thinking ok, let the tapas settle and have some chit-chat with my friend while the paella is ready.  Sidebar:  The chef was out in the dining room nearly the entire time I was there and he was having a loud conversation with a patron about sources, marketing, mixology, and all sorts of other stuff which I'm sure would be interesting if you were part of the conversation, but honestly, I don't want to listen to all that while I'm trying to have a pleasant dinner with a friend.  Get back into your kitchen and make sure your chefs are on point with their food and your servers are on point with their service.Surprisingly, the paella comes out in about ten minutes from the time of ordering.  Uhm, what, ok.  So it looks to have a fair amount of seafood in the rice and veggies and I'm thinking it looks promising.  I taste it.  It's salty.  And not just salty because it's seafood and there's salt in seafood anyway.  No, I mean, salty to the point that I'm drinking water to wash out the salt.  The actual consistency of the paella was ok (no mushiness so good job there) but I couldn't get past the salt to appreciate the seasoning.  I want to be a fan.  I really do.  But I'm not.
4	Love the backyard patio. This place screams hipster crowd. I came here last week and it happened to be the time when a Vespa scooter rally was in town. The parking lot was blocked off and the Vespa riders were launching their scooters off of what could only be described by Napoleon Dynamite as some, "Sick jumps"On the back patio there was a band playing reggae tunes, and they were roasting an entire pig luau-style. The bar is extensive, and they even had my favorite gin (Hendrick's) on the top shelf. Yes, indeed! Step inside for the FREE art gallery exhibits. This gallery goes up and down and winds around corners with artistic surprises at every turn. There's even a yoga studio ensconced between one of the galleries. That's cool for you Namaste types, but I prefer hard-hitting cardio.I digress...Check this place out. They always have something interesting going on including an open mic night on Thursdays. The last time I was here they were doing body painting out back.I have yet to try the food, but I'm a huge fan of any type of ethnic fusion. They serve up Latin fusion here. The portions are small and pricey though. I'll update you when I try it!
5	Love this place. Vegan pizza is the Buisness
4	You have got to check out this menu!  It is unique.  So many really interesting things to pick from.  How do you decide?  I guess I'll have to go back and back and back.  They have an extensive vegan menu also.  The Vega Sweet Plantanos were truly awesome.  I've gotten take out there about a half a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  Slightly pricey but oh so worth it!!!
4	Either I didn't see it the first time (which i highly doubt) or they just changed the menu to have loads of vegan friendly tapas! I was so excited to see the changes because last time i couldn't really order much. I would definitely try the stuffed peppers and some of their shrimp dishes are bomb diggaddy. Their doughnut churros... are.. ok but you know most americans are going to compare any churros to the ones you remember as a kid from Disney Land and.. it just can't compare. HAHA. Very artsy fartsy place with good service and each plate of food is full of flavor. If you wanna try something new, i definitely recommend this place!
1	Bar + Bistro is only getting 1 star because I can't give it zero.  I can't believe this place is still in business.  We enjoyed the Saturday matinee of The Color Purple at the Smith Center and planned to try out this place afterwards because of the vegan menu.  We were seated right away in the outdoor patio and waited for our waitress.  She shows up and we asked if there was a hefeweizen on tap and she said she didn't know and tried to tell us that she was new.  Then we were told they just ran out.  Fine, we ordered 2 beverages and the hummus to start and also ordered two of the vegan entrees.  The drinks show up, and more people are seated in our waitress's area.  5, 10, 15, 20 minutes go by and we have nothing.  No one has anything on their tables, no waitress, no explanation, no drink refill, NOTHING!  I tried to throw down some money to leave but bf insisted that we tell the waitress that we were leaving.  So we wait, with empty drinks.  Finally, after our orders have been placed for more than 30 minutes she arrives at our table to tell us that they just ran out of the peppers that were used for the dish I ordered.  I'm done with this place.  I threw a $10 on the table and walked away.  She looked at me and said, "What happened?  The food would be out soon."  I told her we weren't waiting any longer, we didn't even have our appetizer yet and pointed out that no one on the patio had anything.  Then she tried to add up the cost of our 2 drinks.  Really?!  I threw down a $10 and we are walking out and she's trying to get us to pay the bill.
2	I thought that after watching the Bar + Bistro on Steak Out that our food experience would be to die for.  Instead the Tapas should be listed under the soup section.  The mushrooms were the worst with two small slices of bread, can't even explain the taste, none I ever want to have again.  Not sure what drink we had since it should have been a sangria.  It was more like flavored sparkling water with no alcohol.  The only enjoyable thing we experience was the live band.  They were actually pretty good and there were people dancing.  It is a nice location and nice venue, but the food has to live up to the place.  Sorry, not going back need to have a change in the food preparation.
1	I'd like to preface by saying that I plan on placing a call to the manager to report the experience I had here. While some people take joy in obliterating the reputations of businesses with one-star ratings on Yelp, I don't like giving only one star, especially for a locally-owned, non-franchisee establishment with good food. We just don't have enough of those here and they should be cherished. However, the experience I had at Bar+Bistro, combined with lackluster visits since writing my last review really leaves me no choice but a one-star review. The food is as great as everyone says. It's creative and delicious and consistently so-I've only had one dish here that I didn't care for. The drinks are great and they have decent happy hour specials. As far as food and drink goes, they have it right.The service ranges on a scale from apathetic to unwarranted hostility, the latter of which was received on my latest visit. I've sat at the bar most times when I've come here and have found the bartenders to be more interested in talking to friends and more regular customers than taking a simple drink order from me. Most times I felt like a burden sitting at the bar, taking up valuable time from the bartender that they could be using to discuss who Biffy is boffing with their friends at the other end of the bar. I'm so sorry it's asking so much for you to place a cup under the faucet of the sangria jug and take the three seconds to pour me a beverage. Perhaps I should've hopped over the bar and done it myself as it would've been less of an inconvenience.My latest and very last visit (4/22/12) involved Sunday brunch with three other friends. Our waiter was nice enough-friendly and personable, a little forgetful, but seeing as he was the only one in the dining area for a bit I was ready to let that slide. Thus began theme one of the day: retardedly long lapses of time. Two parties were seated next to us maybe 15 minutes after we sat down and before we even received refills on our coffee, their food came out. So we waited. And waited. No food. No sign of our waiter. Just four very hangry girls in various stages of hangover waiting on food that was possibly being sourced in another state. We stopped the waitress serving the table next to us, to ask for refills and find out about our food since our waiter was nowhere to be found and with great insincerity she put her hands together, smiled and said "Let me get your waiter!" Thus began the coexisting theme: unnecessarily hostile service. Why did she have to say it like that? Even though it wasn't her fault she should have apologized and non-passive aggressively offered to get our waiter for us. Our waiter arrives back after another long lapse of time to tell us that our ticket was lost and our food was being made right now. The food starts to arrive about 20 minutes later in ridiculous intervals of 5-10 minutes between dishes and there we are, nearly an hour in and only 3/4 of our party has food, which is now getting cold as we wait for the last dish. What happened to the party of 8 that had arrived after us you ask? Oh, they had FINISHED THEIR MEAL AND LEFT. I finally asked for the manager and after a small, fragile woman who could not process my complaint was sent over to our table, the waitress who had made it clear that we were an annoyance to her, was sent over to share in the snarkiest of tones what a busy day it was for them, how they were so disabled with only one chef on staff and how poppin' the patio was.  Yes, the busyness of the patio was preventing the food I ordered over an hour ago from getting to the table. Her attitude was completely hostile and she treated us like we were making a big deal out of nothing. The apology she gave after the list of excuses was insincere and anything but apologetic.  Then she continued to insult me by offering to take my  $2 coffee off the tab. How kind of her to offer such a generous discount! After my strong suggestion that she remove my entree from the tab, she did. The delay in food to table I could let go. The inattentiveness of our friendly waiter, I could also let go. The lack of consistent refills, forgiven. The utter lack of concern and boorish behavior of the waitress/manager/restaurant muscle was unacceptable. She treated us like we were being unreasonable and like it was US who had made the mistake when in fact the only mistake we'd made was ordering food and expecting it to arrive before Memorial Day. Her disgusting approach to the situation was unprofessional and an embarrassment to the restaurant industry. I am really sad to have had such a terrible experience at a restaurant that really sets a local standard as far as food goes.  I will not be back. I will not make any more referrals. This place is dead to me and I can only hope to erase the horrible experience I had here with a substantially better experience at another restaurant more deserving of my business.
3	I am always a fan of non-chain locally owned restaurants, so after hearing the buzz about here, I eagerly made plans to eat in. Despite my enthusiasm, in the end it was just ok. Service was fine, if not a little overeager/borderline pushy at suggesting apps/drinks/dessert. Interestingly, none of the wait staff was at all familiar with the Yelp check in coupon for a free soda- looked at me like i was nuts, taking my phone off to seek clarification. Ambiance (ate outdoors) is on the right track, but there is so much more which could be done to truly make a statement. Went with two entrees which were ok, but overall unremarkable, and even less so considering the price. The seafood bouillabaisse was "center of the road" with the portion slighty smaller than expected, especially for the price. Other seafood entree was a step above bland, but again not representative of the price point. The sangria I would def not recommend, tasting like uninspired fruit juice. In the end, the makings are there for a potential winner, but price or quality would need to improve for me to get behind this restaurant.
1	Ever have an experience so poor you think you're being punk'd? This was more of a museum than a restaurant...a wonderful place to watch other people eat while all the components of your brunch for a party of four arrive one at a time over an hour and a half. It felt like a puzzle we had to piece together before our fourth member could even receive their meal.With the exception of a slow but very apologetic waiter, the staff was an embarrassment to the service industry. Some advice: 1) do not argue with your customers 2) do not say food is coming out late because the bar and the patio are packed -- since when is being seated inside the actual restaurant a punishment? Also, between the dining room, the bar and the patio there were about eight tables. 3) do not serve soggy, day-old sourdough as a 'brioche' I will only go back to this spot in six months -- when it has crumbled under its own pretentiousness and mismanagement and a new venue has sprung forward.
3	I wanted to recommend this place for friends coming into town next month, but with all the recent reviews describing the terrible service, I'm not so sure now. You can have the best food/drinks/atmosphere, but to me, it really is all about the service you receive from the staff to make the experience worthwhile.I have been here a couple times, and I do agree that if you're not a regular, your service isn't so great, even at the bar. I've sat at the bar with an empty glass and no offers of a refill. I had to flag down the bartender, who was standing right in front of me, for a refill. But when I'm hanging out with some of the regulars, service is fine.I want to like this place and recommend friends here, but if the service doesn't improve I can't recommend anyone to eat here unless you can come with a regular.
4	Wow! I am surprised at the reviews, that was not the case of my experience at all. We went for the first time a week and a half ago on a Friday. When we arrived we were nicely greeted, and seated immediately. Our waitress greeted us and took our drink orders. My husband and I ordered the house red wine, which was a great choice!For dinner we ordered from the tapas selection. We started off with both soups, French Onion and Tomato. Both were delicious. The French Onion had more flavor than just beef broth and onions. As for the tomato, it was creamy and hearty of tomatoes at the same time. Would suggest to friends to try either one or both. We then had the grilled fish tacos, yummy, but wish there was more. 3 small tortillas with 2 bites of fish and a couple of tablespoons of different salsas. If they added just a little more, it would be perfect. We ordered the filet sliders and burger sliders. Both were flavorful and juicy. The mac & cheese was a great combination of cheeses oozing over pasta. Ordered a cheese flatbread for our daughters. No complaints. We also had sweet potato fries which is a regular staple for many places now, however these were seasoned with spices that truly tantalized your tastebuds. Our service was great. The chef even came out and spoke to us. We're looking forward to going back, hopefully to enjoy the same great experience.
4	Great atmosphere, amazing paella and sauteed calamari, inexpensive food, great for groups and drinks weren't too expensive. Definitely worth checking out and they take reservations.
4	We opted to dine from the vegan menu on our first visit to Bar + Bistro and were not disappointed.  Service was prompt and courteous and the meals were well seasoned, flavorful and well presented.  My favorite dish was the chilies stuffed with oats and all sorts of other goodness.  I'll be back!
2	I really really wanted to like this place...really I did *sigh*I've now been there three times and my experience has been the same.  Service was very slow all three times, food is good but nothing exceptional and certainly not worth the price.  I saw that they are now doing breakfast and looked at the menu...$11 for OATMEAL?? Uh, no thanks...I will say the the Sangria was very good.I would consider going back for drinks and apps if the company was right
4	A great spot for creative food, nice ambiance, music, art. I love how hard these folks are trying to make this a center for creativity.The waitstaff was extremely friendly and helpful. I ordered a glass of wine off the by-the-glass list and it was fabulous, which made me happy - someone is choosing the wines carefully.The food was delicious, and in large portions for tapas. My friend loved her seafood paella.The bar area is gorgeous and cozy, so if it is hot, go hang out on the comfy furniture inside and have a house-made sangria.
4	I've been here a couple of times, but last night I stopped into the bar (my first time) on my way to the Elite event at the Mob Museum.  So.  This review is for the bar only.  The location of this place is a little sketchy.  It's off to itself, next to Artifice and what amounts to a couple of vacant lots.  Just park.  You aren't getting towed.Walking into this joint, it totally looks like someone's yard.  There's typically a pig roasting and a really inviting patio area.  Really cool.  Inside, it's all dark and industrial and all of the servers look like they fell out of a hipster magazine.  The fact that all of the servers are incredibly friendly prevents my square self from feeling totally out of place.  The bar area had some interesting porn (yep, that's right) playing while we were having drinks and appetizers, so just be aware of that if you're planning on taking the fam here for a night on the town.  Porn aside, the decor is cool. Light sconces are made out of liquor bottles and the bar divide is raised by a pulley system.  I'm a dork so I thought this was fascinating.  Unique place to have some drinks and both appetizers we had -- Carne pizza (pepperoni, goat cheese, chorizo) and the spanish alcachofa dip served with crispy fried plantains -- were tasty.
4	Two words. Vegan menu. Love the ambiance, low key yet fun and eclectic artwork. The currant scones are delish and the vegan slider is a yummy treat. Nice option if you don't want to battle the strip.
4	We visited this place twice in last couple of months after learning about it on one of those restaurant make over shows on Food TV.  Having grown up here and being very familiar with the area the restaurant is located in, I was preparing for a horrible experience. I was wrong. The restaurant isn't the fanciest place in town but it has a lot of character. The area of Main and Charleston is known as the "Arts District" now, so there are a lot of different personalities around. The service there was pretty good. Everyone was friendly and quick to serve us. They have a bar area and seating area inside the building, which is shared with an art studio and they have outdoor seating too. The outdoor seating is pretty interesting on the weekends, as they have a band and local artists there to entertain and present their work to everyone. They also have open mike for anyone to go up and read poetry, sing, whatever. I also saw some small dogs were allowed outside with their owners.Now the food...Pretty Good! We pretty much stuck to the Tapas menu. the Ribs and Sliders are very good. Also, the Ahi Skewers and Scallops were tasty. The service did get slow for a spell on our first visit and the kitchen closed down for a short moment during our second visit but the staff quick to explain what was going on. Pricing is pretty much on the moderate side for a "not so fancy" restaurant, so there is room for improvement on this part. I also understand they're going to serve brunch soon. That should be interesting.It's nice to see some positive things happening in the downtown area and we're happily looking forward to future visits to the Bar+Bistro.
1	Ok.  My first impression is artsy and we don't give a $&@t.  I'm told the kitchen is now no longer serving due to a small party in the other room!  This place is crap.
3	I was going to try and write something good about this place but the only thing really good was the service at the bar. Otherwise it's nothing special, it's just another place with a Clark County liquor license, and another place selling overpriced menu creations that competes with all the other places in Vegas where one can get the same things or find better. In short writing this review was better than taking Ambien as it's about to put me to sleep, just like this bar did. I'll be nice and give them 3 stars: 2 stars for service when you can get it, 1 star for the hard liquor case along the East wall.Edit: I see many of my friends like this place and I'm sorry to only give them 3 stars. But it's just not all that. It's just not.
4	I have been going to Bar + Bistro since it opened a couple years ago.  Had I written a review then, I would have given the restaurant 2 stars.  Much has improved since the opening.  The menu has gone through a couple of revisions.  Dishes that didn't work have been removed.  Dishes that do work have survived.  The biggest improvement is the service.  Once upon a time, the service was slow, confused, and inattentive.  My recent experiences have suggested otherwise.  The wait staff as of late has been very attentive, friendly, communicative, and they have had a good knowledge of the menu.  The cuisine consists of Mediterranean inspired dishes a strong Spanish influence, throw in a little American fusion, and that about sums it up.  You can find pizza on the menu.  Mind you, the pizza is baked on a wafer crust.  It's good, but it's not what you expect when you order pizza.  I have had really good luck with the seafood dishes, salads and the soups.The chef has shifted focus to a tapas menu.  The appetizers are excellent. Great place to dine with a few friends if you are looking to share.  They are a little pricey, though ($10 for a plate of sauteed wild mushrooms in broth). Try the sliders if you are looking for comfort food with a little variety.  Portions are perfect.  There is no way you can overeat or have leftovers.  Very tasteful and healthful.  Food is always nicely seasoned: very big on flavor but not spiced so powerfully that it blows away your palette.Of course you can't write a review on Bar + Bistro without mentioning the ambiance.  The restaurant is located on the 1st floor of the Arts Factory, and works from the gallery flow into the dining room.  You will find a changing rotation of pieces from local and regional artists that have showed at many of the galleries in the Vegas Arts District.  The restaurant's heritage arts is even present in the dining booths (intimate booths with tables in the shape of painter's palettes).I would not eat here on a First Friday.  I you intend to, you must make a reservation.  With that, I make a plea to the Las Vegas resident: make an effort to visit Downtown on another day of the month, even if it's just for dinner.  Bar + Bistro is open 7-days a week and they eagerly await your patronage.
3	4.5 stars for the food, 1.5 stars for the service, I figure an average of 3 stars sums up how I feel about Bar + Bistro.  I am a big fan of the food.  I mean HUGE fan of the food.  I was there probably once a month for the first few months that they were open, which is a lot for me considering I try to keep my restaurant budget pretty low.  I took all my out of town friends and family to show them that Vegas does have some options for creative, healthy, delicious, reasonably priced, and vegetarian/vegan friendly food!  The roasted tomate soup and platanos are phenomenal, as is the mac n cheese, yum!  I highly recommend the albacore tuna slider or salad.  NIcely crusted with pepper and cooked *just* right.  Also, the catalan pizza is unique and satisfying. I suggest browsing other reviews and grazing once you're there.However, I have become more and more hesitant to return because of the service I've received.  Generally not by the waitstaff that are usually very friendly, yet often very overwhelmed, but the seating/greeting staff have driven me away.  I'm accustomed to dishes taking quite a while to be delivered, and maybe a forgotten drink or two at the table - we accept that we need to ask twice for a drink every now and then because the food is such a standout, but my most recent experience has led me not to return anytime soon.I called ahead of time to see if they take reservations for a Saturday night.  Over the phone at 5:00 pm they told me they do not.  A group of five of us arrive at 8:00, the place is busy but not line-out-the-door packed, they tell us the wait will be 30 - 45 minutes.  We decided to sit and have a drink at the bar.  After 45 minutes I go check, passing open tables as I walk up to the front podium.  They say we'll be seated very soon.  After another 25 minutes (an hour and 10 mins from arriving) I check again.  They say soon, and clearly let me know I'm being a bother.  I understand busy nights, but there were no fewer than 5 tables sitting empty!  If we couldn't make reservations, who are those empty tables for?  Finally around 9:20 we had enough of the greeters disregard, and left for greener pastures leaving behind a handful of dining guests and about 7 open tables at which, for some reason, we were not allowed to be seated.Maybe that night everyone called in sick and they only had one waiter that night?  That is the only reason I can think of that a restaurant would refuse to seat us when there were only a handful of guests and MANY open tables.  Even if that is the case, they should have let us know.  We were hungry and very offput by the time we left.  Great food, but poor customer service cost them my "regular" status there.
4	I have been here more than a few times and every time I come back it makes me like it a little more.  Great food that always tastes fresh!  Great ideas and plays on traditional food!  I have to commend the chef because of the way the food speaks to you, it's one of the things that keeps me coming back for more and more and more!  It is located in the Arts District and the decore is funky and eclectic.  The Bar is located in a room next door and both the Bar + Bistro are connected to the Art Gallery.  It is a really nice spot to hang out and have some great food.  I wish I could remember all that we ordered but I know the Cubano Sandwich with sweet potato fries was awesome, the tomato soup was refreshing and the Tostones appetizer was a definately good enough to order 2 more servings, haha.All in all if you are looking for a nice hang out with good food Bar + Bistro is the way to go!
4	I went to Bar+Bistro for a later dinner, around 8pm with a couple of friends. As we drove up, there was a Retro Motorcycle event going on which they hold once a month. It was neat to see all of the different motorcycles and people that were just hanging out on the outside patio. There was even a couple of body artists painting topless women (already covered in body paint on their boobs, so no real nudity) showing off their skills so needless to say it was pretty busy. The bar was packed with no room to sit for three to drink and eat so we opted for the quieter, restaurant side which has two separate areas. The decor was nice with local artists paintings for sale on the wall (it is in a gallery) and their tables were neat looking, although not so easy to fit your legs and chair under.We decided to try a variety of their small plates menu which is similar to the price and style of Firefly. We had their 5 cheese mac, the tempura alcachofa, the grilled fish tacos, a chicken curry dish (can't remember what it was called), a salmon slider, and the carnitas tacos. Ya, we were pretty hungry and everything sounded good. They also surprised us by bringing out a complimentary chef's special of bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese and chorizo (which, according to the waitress, they will always give you if you go in after 5). I didn't try the pork carnitas but everything else was pretty good. The 5 cheese mac is pretty amazing (we ordered three orders) and tried to get another round of dates but only order per table for those (they were free). The salmon slider I could've skipped, especially at $5 PER slider. The alcachofa was surprisingly delicious with the aioli.  Our drinks consisted of a pomegranate sangria and a watermelon sangria. The watermelon was a good balance of fruit but the pomegranate was a little difficult to drink for my friend. Not only did it have a huge cinnamon stick in the drink but way too many pomegranates, seeds and all, that it made it difficult to drink through a straw.Overall, our bill was around $85 + tip. I recommend bringing friends so that you can try many little plates, but they have big plates too. I want to go back to try their big plate meals as well and their vegan menu sounded pretty good.
3	My husband and I decided to stop by Bar + Bistro to grab a bite to eat before heading to a 51's game. We decided to try a few small plates, since I wasn't super hungry. They were having a biker rally and were pretty busy, but we were immediately seated at a cute table that was shaped like an artist's palette. It was really cool, but a bit unstable and pretty thick for a table. We were greeted by our waiter and put our order in.We started with a bacon wrapped date that was stuffed with cheese compliments of the chef. It was quite a delicious bite of food. Then we moved on to the carnitas tacos. It was an adorable little plate of food that we had to assemble ourselves. It came with 3 tortillas, carnitas, jicama slaw, mango salsa, and tomatillo sauce. The tacos were good, but nothing special. Then we were served the B + B slider. This may sound weird, but it tasted like meat. There wasn't much flavor other than meat, which isn't a bad thing per se, but I was hoping to be wowed, especially at $5 a pop. The mac and cheese hit the table next and I was quite excited to give it a try. It was smaller than I thought it was going to be, but it was creamy and delicious. The peppers and tomatoes gave it great color, but they added no flavor to the dish. We decided to try one additional dish, since we were still a little hungry so we ordered up the Mofongo with shrimp. On the menu it is described as a plantain garlic mash with meat. In reality it is little plantain cakes with a very vinegary sauce that is unlike anything I have ever tasted. I wouldn't say it was bad, I am just not used to those bold flavors and I don't think I would order it again.Overall, the service was standard, but my water glass was never less than half full, which I appreciated. The food was good, but not mind blowing. I felt that the portions were a bit small for the price, but these were some of the better tapas I have experienced.
5	First of all, the downtown Vegas area rocks because of cool places like this.  This is probably the coolest spot in Vegas for locals.  The food is amazing and the staff is always friendly.  The bar next door is a fun spot and the outside seating area is the best in town.  The place has a very "Austin, TX" feel to it.I highly recomend their vegan stuffed peppers and the steak salad.  However, everything is great here.
4	[This review is for the Bar+Bistro bar]:  Irish whiskys, and scotches, and bourbons . . . Oh My!Bar+Bistro is a great little tapas restaurant downtown with an excellent atmosphere.  In my previous review, I detailed the deliciousness of the tapas menu -- I'd rank it as my top tapas restaurant in Vegas.    But the bar is a gem on its own.  Great atmosphere (lounge-like with artsy murals on the walls and televisions playing random kitschy videos), intimate lighting, great customer service, and the whiskey collection is simply awesome (tear falls from my eye just thinking about it).  There's plenty of small batch bourbons and off-the-beaten path whiskeys for you to sample.  I tasted 5 new whiskeys I haven't found in another bar.  It's a great spot to take folks for sipping a variety of whiskeys.If you get hungry, the tapas menu has plenty of delicious, though slightly overpriced options.  Word of advice--stick to the bar where there's a larger alcohol selection and the same tapas menu.  The restaurant has consistent customer service issues (see every other Yelp review).  But the bar is great. 5 stars for the bar, its great whiskey selection, and the delicious tapas menu.  (minus 1 star for the restaurant's customer service and overpriced food--discussed in prior review).
3	I've been to the Arts Factory before for a Yelp even but, never at the Bar + Bistro.In fact, I never knew they had such thing. A friend of mines had a GC here and took lucky little me =)We had the sangria, calamari, seafood paella, plantains + dip, and mac and cheese.The sangrai was meh. Nothing special. Calamari was tempura style. I'm not a fan of calamari, anyways, so it was whatevers to me.I was really excited about the plantains because I had been craving them since my Costa Rican trip last year. Loved that it, especially because it was the chip to our dip =) Crunchy and sweet!Mac and cheese had shrimp in it, if I recall. And was very flavorful because of this.Had been reading on Yelp that the service here bad. Hmmm, we were practically the only ones in the restaurant so our server was pretty attentive.All in all, I'd like to come back for more plantains and with more people so I can try more things. Nothing memorable but, I'm sure theres potential in the food that I haven't tried yet.
4	As a Seattle transplant, the chain restaurants and strip malls of Vegas are KILLING ME. I was cautiously optimistic when a friend told me about Bar + Bistro and I was not disappointed when we checked it out!We went on a Thursday night and got there in time to take advantage of happy hour in the bar, which went until 7pm. $3 drinks? Yes, please! The atmosphere was cool, but relaxed with minimal attitude. Nice funky/eclectic decor with little seating clusters for conversation. So Seattle!Some friends joined us after a while and we sat outside for dinner because it was a lovely, not too hot evening. The server was so helpful and cheery, but not in an annoying way. At our table we had the mac n cheese, crab cakes (they call them something else), chicken nuggets (also with a fancy name), a stuffed pork thing with AWESOME mashed potatoes, and a sandwich that I'm forgetting. All were excellent! The portions seemed a bit small for the price, but not going to Applebee's is freakin' priceless in my book!I can't wait to go here again. And anytime out of town friends come, this will be where I take them. Love it!
2	The employees went completely above and beyond to make our experience. A great one. I gave 2 stars because we ordered 6 items and only  1 of them were in need of talking about. The tomato soup. Sounds silly, but it was well worth trying it.
2	We went here last week for the first time with another couple for Restaurant Week.  Despite the fact that we were never even offered the Restaurant Week menu, the food we did receive was pretty good.  However, as I was told by another friend who went there before us, the place has "great good, horrible service" - and I have to agree.  I thought their instance was just a fluke - but we had a waitress who was not very friendly, got our order wrong (she thought my husband ordered a salad for his appetizer and then another salad (tuna) for his entree- when he ordered the tuna entree. I mean who wants two salads for their meal?).  And then when he explained it to her, she didn't apologize, said the kitchen was backed up and it would take too long to make the entree.  But after we finished our meal, she did bring out a side of mashed potatoes (that was supposed to come with his original meal) and was nice of enough to charge us for that.  Very bizarre.  It was just awkward and uncomfortable for that point over -she clearly avoided our table, and failed to refill our drinks and didn't even ask us if we wanted dessert or coffee before presumptously brining our bill (we did want dessert so she had to take back the bill anyway).  All in all the food was good, but the service was just awful and makes us never want to go there again.  Sad, was a cool spot.
5	Went here with some friends for First Friday.  The food was great.  They had fire throwers.  Pretty cool place.
2	I went here before a show at the Smith Center.  The service was awesome.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and are truly a rare find here in Vegas.  Unfortunately, the food does not compliment the service.  We ordered some tapas.  Garlic Shrimp, BBQ Ribs, Calamari and some other unmemorable dishes.  All of them lacked flavor.  Everything just tasted like it was cooked from the frozen section at Von's.  I'm not sure why, but nothing stood out. It was all just sort of bland and mediocre.  I'm not sure if the problem is the chef, or the ingredients management orders for him to work with.  Either way, I think something needs to change to get this food on track.  Not to mention, the prices were very high for the quality of food offered.  I won't be back.
1	Reflective of visit May 2012.Do not go, do not go, do not go, do not go. I can't say that enough. If I could give a negative rating I would.Decor: I've got too much to talk about to waste characters here.  But to note:  I am handicapped, and there is no elevator. I understand it is an old building, so actually not their fault, but it was the first omen of a bad night and should be noted for any handicapped patrons who may be reading this review. Even to get to the inside dining room, there is no ramp, only stairs, albeit 2 steps, but still.Service: Ha! Negative 5 stars. We were there as guests of a sizable private party, and seated outside and served buffet style. Many of us, including my husband, approached the outdoor bar instead of going back inside to the main. There were two bartenders, a female and male. He tried to order from the male. "Do you have Malibu rum?" Reply: "No." "Okay, what about a 7&7?" Reply: "Nope." "Fine then, just a plain Coke." Reply: "We don't have Coke." "Okay... what do you have?" The bartender starts to lift up bottles to show my husband. One of which is rum, not Malibu, fine, but then the correct response at the beginning should have been, "Sorry sir, I don't have Malibu, but I do have 'insert brand here.' Would you like that?" Anyway, as he sees the bottle of rum in front of his eyes, he also sees a cocktail waitress next to him ordering from the female bartender-- 2 rum and cokes, so my husband asks for that, as he sees her pouring said rum and popping open cans of coke for the waitress' drinks. He tells male bartender "I'll take one of those--a rum and coke." Reply is an exacerbated "We don't have Coke!" My husband is in disbelief. Finally the female says, "Yes, we do," and hands the man a can. The male says to my husband, "Oh, I guess we do," mixes the cocktail, and there is no apology or even sheepish or embarrassed expression.Next, the buffet line of tapas chosen by the host: at sundown on the patio with little light (as well as the fact most items were fried past recognition) many of us couldn't see or figure out what was being served. My husband, ever the optimist, even after his bar escapade, asked the staff member working the buffet line if he could tell us (aka me, him, and his elderly uncle) what that the items were. Staff member's response: He scoffed, and said "EVERYTHING?!?!?!" (Oh, I'm sorry for putting you out by asking you to assist me, which is your job!) My husband quietly, being made to feel like the rude one in the situation, if not an idiot, both of which were untrue and uncalled for, said, "Well, yes." So the horrendously rude server quickly pointed and offered no explanation other than, "Pork sandwiches, lamb, chicken, and all the same repeated at the other end." First of all, even I could tell via sight that every serving tray held something different, there was no "repeating at the other end," but whatever...Anyway, based on that amazingly helpful [please read sarcasm] explanation, we chose a few items and went to our seats. Mr. Helpful server wasn't even right. His closest "guess" was the "pork sandwiches which turned out to be mini Cubans. Other than that there were fried artichokes and calamari. (Glad I guessed that from its look on the serving table myself, as I hate the stuff and would have "urped" if I mistakenly took a bite.)Lastly on the service end, I asked a passing waiter if there was a manager I could speak with in order to report the previous server's disrespectful attitude. This waiter refused to get a manager, saying, "Whatever it is, I can help." Fine, I was in no mood to argue. But when I told him, he simply laughed and said, "I'll get you a menu." I was taken aback and replied, "I don't need a menu, it's done. It's just his attitude I have a problem with." He laughed again and offered to bring a menu.  When I insisted again that a menu had nothing to do with it, he laughed more and walked away.  I would bet the bank these employees have either been trained to not get a manager because the manager doesn't want to hear about it, or that they don't want to get a manager because they don't want to show any sign to their superiors that there is, yet another, complaint.Food: Zero stars.  Most tasteless beyond fried grease, the rest bland.Trust the undercover Food Network specials--this place is deplorable. I can't believe in an economy where establishments are boarded up daily it seems, that this one has enough customers to stay open, and that it doesn't seem to care if or how it will retain them.
1	I went to this place and they told us that the kitchen was backed up and I couldn't place my order for at least 30 min! Terrible experience
2	I very rarely find myself downtown but I was seeing a matinee at the Smith's Center, and me and my people needed to eat so Bar + Bistro was what we chose. There were 3 ways to walk into the restaurant, there were no obvious signs to entrance and I picked all the wrong doors. Finally we found our way to the host desk and he sat us at our table ... with no menus. I've never been to a restaurant where I had to ask for a menu. He said that they didn't have enough to go around, so he grabbed us small paper to-go menus. Good enough, I suppose. Our server greeted us, she was friendly and attentive, and helped me make my decision. My eyes are perpetually larger than my stomach so I usually need some assistance. The food took forever, but was delicious when it finally arrived. I had the Cangrejo Benedict Mofongo - tasty, my mom had the Paella Mixto Crepe - delicious, and the highlight - my G-ma's flan french toast. It was an okay visit, so ... why the two stars? After the show I returned with a friend for a glass of wine and maybe tapas. We sat at the bar ... the bartender that was there when we arrived was an asshole with no concept of good customer service, and was joined shortly after we sat down by a pompous asshole who also had no concept of good customer service. We sat down in a mostly empty place, again I had to ask for a menu, again they were out. The conversation I had with the dude went something like this ... "May I have a menu?" "Uh ... we're out, let me see what I can find" several moments later he returns with a food/wine menu and i ask "do you have a cocktail menu?" "no" "are there any specialty cocktails?" "no ... we just took pictures last week" "oh, are you redoing it?" "no" "how long have you been open?" "about a year, we took pictures last week" "are there any cocktails that you personally can make?" "no ... maybe in a couple weeks" . My bad for assuming that there should be a cocktail menu, but the hundreds of specialty liquor and liqueur bottles, fresh herbs in the well, and all the jiggers, muddlers and other such accoutrements that all mixologists carry around would lead me to believe that they had a specialty cocktail menu. Apparently not, they just took pictures last week. Full disclosure ... I got a little snappy with the guy, because he was the opposite of helpful. Enter the next bartender ... no hello, no eye contact just a louder than a whisper conversation with the other bartender about if the people at the bar are cool.  I have high expectations for the level of service in Vegas. Any dickhead can put on a smedium sized vest and bow tie and make a cocktail. A++ customer service is a skill and these dudes these ... definitely not up to par.A couple ladies sit down next to us, they ask for menus, ask the same cocktail related questions. Same responses. They asked to place a food order and were then informed that there was a 20 minute hold on ordering any food. So the food would be 20 minutes + the amount of time it actually took to prepare the food after it was ordered. Not okay, and not okay with them, so they left. Anytime I'm downtown, I get excited about it's future. The Smith Center, all the cleanup, locally owned restaurants popping up everywhere, cool bars, culture! How would this place handle an actual crowd? On both occasions the restaurant/bar was only 25% full. Why aren't there enough menus? Why the belated specialty cocktail menu? Why the egotistical bartenders? I don't see this place going the distance unless some serious kinks are worked out and I hope that they do because that flan french toast was something else.
2	The two stars are for the sweet potato fries, which are delicious.Everything else is horrendous here. The food isn't bad, per se, but it is nothing special and is ridiculously overpriced. The service...WOW. This place may have the worst customer service I have ever seen. The waiters are slow and don't check up on you. When they do check up on you, beware! I had a waiter take my plate (with half my food still on it!) while I had turned to talk to my friend. I turned back to an empty table and a still-empty stomach because quite literally half of my sandwich was taken away without anyone asking me if I was done. This would be bad enough on its own, but I've had several friends tell me they have had the same exact thing happen to them here!Add to that their complete lack of willingness to work with you or make you happy. The pastrami here is traditionally served on rye bread. I dislike rye bread, so I asked my server if I could get it on white bread. The answer? "No, it comes on rye." WHAT??? The kitchen is incapable of slapping pastrami and mustard on a different kind of bread? I ended up ordering the club sandwich, which came on white bread.Save yourself the time and money and go somewhere else. It will probably be cheaper and have better customer service.
1	Location: Pretty cool, somewhat small, but still kinda cool..Service: TERRIBLE. Half of our party got their food before the rest of us (and we ordered salads), when we finally did get our salads (an hour later) the rest of our party was done eating and wanted desert. We were informed the oven was broken (HUH?! Why are you still open??), and that the only desert available was a vegan desert. When our check finally came, I was ready to pay and gtfo, but one of the people in our party asked for a separate check since she was paying with a card. Now I understand asking for this AFTER the bill has come can be extremely annoying to servers, but its called customer service for a reason, just smile and nod and walk away with a nice tip right? NO, our waitress actually decided to give the girl attitude, and rudely inform her that "Uhhm ya, that would have been nice to know BEFORE"... awkward. Food: Meh. The bacon wrapped dates were just ok, I've definitely had better at other tapas places. Chimichurri steak salad was above average but not life changing or anything. The presentation is WEIRD though. Basically you get two plates, one with greens, one long plate with various toppings. Cute idea but basically just a mess, I ended up picking up seeds and other toppings off my plate with my hands because scooping up pumpkin seeds with a fork AINT HAPPENIN. The wedge cobb salad looked pretty lame, the chicken looked very pre-made and store bought, as far as taste I cant say, it wasnt my salad. I also got some sort of deep fried artichoke hearts, which were flat out gross. The artichokes hearts tasted canned and slimy, the breading was kind of like the outside of corn dog... all kinds of weird. Considering there's loads of better options in the Las Vegas downtown area I really don't think Ill ever return to this restaurant.
1	Second time in a row we were seated and told the kitchen was backed up and they couldn't take orders for 20 mins. Don't know why this happens here and not at other restaurants we go to but whatever, we were going to have wine for a bit so it didn't matter. Took over 10 minutes to get our wine which was annoying but I could overlook it if the food was better.I don't know what happened to their food but the quality has gone down...a lot. Everything was lacking basic seasoning. Fried plantain chips had no salt. Mushroom dish only tasted like sour sherry. Artichoke dip tasted like it came out of a supermarket freezer. Spanish tapas are supposed to be flavorful and delicious and sadly nothing we had here was either.
1	I want to love this place and have spent plenty of money here (go once or twice a week). But every time I go, it becomes more and more absurd.  We are hungry for good, non-chain places - and places with outdoor dining - but I don't think I can stomach this place anymore. They need a new manager to get things straight.  Until they do, no more.
4	So im fairly new to the Las Vegas area and being from Portland I asked some friends where I might find a bar with some culture since I was feeling a bit home sick and you can only take so many nights on the strip with over priced drinks. Everybody I talked to recommended Bar & Bistro in the Arts Factory. So this last Saturday myself and a couple of friends decided to go check them out. We walked through the patio, which I must say is one of the cooler patios I've seen in vegas, and made our way into the bar. The first thing we noticed was the cabinets with what seemed like well over 100+ whiskeys. I immediately knew that I was going to like this place! Me and my friends found three open seats at the bar and moved right in. Behind the bar was Joey and Scott. Scott immediately introduced himself and Joey and welcomed us to the bar. I asked Scott about the whiskey cabinet and if we were allowed to purchase any of the whiskeys behind the glass. Scott told me of course and was very informative about the whiskeys and helped us in choosing several to try. About a half hour into our night we asked if we could see the menu. The menu was at first a bit overwhelming, so we asked Joey what his favorite things were. It was at that time that a server from another part of the restaurant walked into the bar and told them that the "kitchen was closed". I've dined in allot of bars and I have NEVER heard of a kitchen having to shut down during dinner service before so I asked Scott about it. He was extremely apologetic about the situation and seemed almost embarrassed by it. He explained to us that on the weekends the restaurant occasionally gets rushed by people and it becomes too much for the kitchen to handle but that we would be able to order in a couple minutes. Sure enough about 15 minutes later the same waitress came in and announced that the kitchen was back open. We took Joeys recommendation and tried the little pollo, mac and cheese and margarita pizza. It took awhile for the food to come to the bar but all three dishes were exceptionally good. For dessert I decide to try the cocktail of the week which was named the Blue Diamond Phillips! The drink was outstanding! I don't know about the other reviews complaining about bad service but we had an amazing time with Scott and Joey! 4 stars instead of 5 because of the kitchen mishap but we will definitely be back!
4	I went here before watching "Wicked" at the Smith Center on First Friday.  It was crazy-busy but I expected it so, it was a good thing we made a reservation.  Chef Beni Velazquez was there to check on the front of the house and the kitchen.  I liked the ambience and the location of the restaurant (connected to an art gallery).I enjoyed everything we ordered: cubano, plantains with artichoke dip, pollo al ajillo, paella, calamari al ajillo and sliders.  For dessert, we had chocolate cake with fig ice cream and donut churros.   I like doughnuts and I like churros (Spanish or Mexican) but I wasn't very fond of the donut churros.  It seemed undercooked, doughy and dense which are not qualities of a doughnut or a churro.  That was the only flaw I found.  The tapas were good, service was good so yes, I'll come back!
3	The service is wonderful, but the food is always just meh. I've only been for dinner and I havent' seen any of the events they host on the patio, so I can really only rate based on dining experience. It seems like we always end up here as a last resort because it's downtown and that's where we'll be spending our time. Yay for location and service. Nay for the food. Bums.
2	My friend and I went on a Friday, around 5:30pm, for dinner & drinks before a show at The Smith Center. It wasn't particularly crowed yet and we were seated inside where another group was also enjoying dinner. The hostess (a younger woman) seated us and after about 10 minutes were only greated with glasses of water from a bus boy, no server....nothing. Food was brought to the other patrons (couple different servers) but they were "in and out" so fast neither of us could get their attention.So finally after another10-15 minutes, at about 15 minutes with no service at all we went and got our own drinks from the bar outside...I decide to go back to the host/hostess station and ask when our server is going to come and take our order. A young guy with an accent looks genuinely perplexed and walks with me to where we were seated. He had NO idea we'd been put there, the hostess said not a peep to anybody to help us. He seemed truly embarrassed and apologetic and had a female server come to our table immediately. She took our order (we went for the tapas, not bad) and then the male host came back and again apologized, saying that a miscommunication had occurred and the next round of drinks were on the house. He also brought out an appetizer on the house as well. Definitely appreciated the gesture and he promised to put in our food orders ahead of everybody else's as we had a show at 7:00pm. Food came out very quickly, as did the second round of beers. The shift manager, older lady, came over and she also apologized for the mix up and told us that she'd take a further percentage off our final bill. Again, we appreciated that...the attention we received helped to make up for the earlier blunder. I'd read that the service here in earlier posts was very poor but it looks like they make the effort and go the extra mile when mistakes happen...and mistakes are bound to happen!!!I had the roasted tomato soup (which was especially yummy) mac & cheese, ribs and a pollo something or other. I wasn't terribly "blown" away by the tapas as I've had better in town but would give the entrees a shot next time I'm in the area and want to stop in for a bite. Prices are higher that I felt was appropriate but I guess when you want to eat in the "Art District" that's what you'd expect? If I could give a 2 1/2 star rating that would be more fair but even with the earlier service FAIL and recovery the food wasn't stellar so 2 stars it is.
5	I'm lucky I don't live closer to this place, because I'd be several pounds heavier and many times poorer. Everything I've had here has been delicious. The portions are just right for either sharing (depending on what else you've ordered) or keeping to yourself, the drink selection is good, and the atmosphere is quirky and artsy without being the least bit snobby or hipster. The service, while sometimes on the slow side (I'd like to think it's just the chefs taking more time to carefully prepare our food), has always been solid. If you eat meat, and you love mac & cheese, ask to add chorizo to theirs when you order it. Other food highlights for me have been the tomato soup, the french onion soup, the grilled cheese, the caprese sliders, the crabmeat benedict from the brunch menu, the house fries, and pretty much anything else you can order. If you like wine, and specifically pinot noir, try their Chilean one, from the Apaltagua winery -- cheaper than most pinots and totally delicious!
3	I stopped by Bar + Bistro for the tea fest lunch and it was eh...Maybe I had high hopes, despite the reviews I have read??  Here it goes:I got the three course Lunch for $19First Course: Four Season Roasted Tomato Soup-the tea was overpowering and bitter.  It was served with a slice of baguette with melted cheese, which was very yummy.Second Course: Loch Duart Scottish Smoked Salmon Salad-It includes the baby watercress, spiced pecans, a small wedge of grilled pear, and the smoked salmon was lapsang souchong tea infused.  This was very delicious, I just wish that there was more than the one piece of small salmon that was on top of the salad.Third Course: Masala Chai Tea Flan-While the soup had too much of the tea taste, this has too little.  Nothing was special about this flan.The courses was served with a libation called the Dutch Tea Party Brunch Punch.  It was a tea infused genever, with pomegranate, molasses, and lemon juice.  This was a nice surprise.The decor is very cool and artsy.  The service was awesome.  This is more like a 3.5 star review.  I will come back to try other items on the menu and update my review.
5	Being a Food Network nut, I tend to gravitate toward restaurants and cooks/chefs who appear on one or more of the many shows.  From the first time I saw Bar + Bistro, I couldn't believe it was THAT place I had seen on RESTAURANT STAKEOUT with Willie Degel.  Chef Beni Velazquez was the standout "character" from that episode, and because it had been so long since I'd seen it, I figured it was too much to hope for that he or any of the other "key players" were still there, once I had the opportunity to check it our firsthand.Fast-forward to about a week ago, when we made a date to meet with a friend there for dinner. Being in the Arts District, I didn't know what to expect - IF we got to meet Chef Beni, and when we first walked in to the place.So, here's the low-down...Whatever you may have seen on the Food Network shows - be it STAKEOUT, or his appearance on CHOPPED - don't believe the 'hype.'  He may have been 'cast' as a task-master, or worse, an ego-driven, type-A D-bag. But the truth? Chef Beni is one of the most down-to-earth guys I've ever met, and yes, even HE will admit that he has the kind of personality where he does run the show, and it's his way or the highway, but there's a damn good reason for that.  You can't suffer fools gladly when you have a lot at stake, and Chef Beni is keenly aware of two things: that food and experience are what need to be second-to-none to make a restaurant stand out from the pack, because if you can't deliver, you can't get customers. And 'celebrity' aside, he is deeply serious about making sure that Bar + Bistro delivers in all areas.So...does it?  Bottom line: YES...and THEN some.It has been a while since I have seen a place that can deliver the goods for jaded hipsters, bohemian art creators/enthusiasts and casual diners alike, and B+B is one of those rare locales that CAN be all things to all people. Conveniently close to ARTIFICE and ART SPACE, it has its own unique gallery of shops attached to it, with original works (most for sale) lining the walls. The decor from the bar to the restaurant is a comfy combination of 'shabby chic' and recycled/retro accoutrement, with a big-screen TV in the main bar showing "mondo-style" video clips (combining scenes and trailers of obscure B-flicks and PSA's from every era).  The huge patio area can accomodate a pretty good-sized crowd, complete with an outdoor firepit/fireplace for those nights it gets a little nippy - which it was the night we went.  It was a happening spot indeed, hosting a really good three-piece jazz-rock combo; artists doing their thing in real time, plus "open mike" for live free-form poetry readings. Captivating and impressive, that was our AFTER-dinner entertainment.  What counts is how DINNER actually went. And it was excellent.  Our server, Liza (pronounced LEE-zuh) was not just great, but made us feel like we'd already been regulars for a while. She was very well-versed about the menu and was able to make some stellar recommendations for us.I went first tor the french onion soup as the opener. I think most places are mindful now that people can tell the taste of 'fresh vs. canned', and the soup can be the barometer for me, to tell if a place has really got the goods.  No problems here - their soup was freshly made and amazing, just the right ratio of carmelized onions to broth, and the right touch of sherry, plus the ooey-gooey melted provolone that dribbles down the sides and browns on top just the way I LOVE it.  I was hoping things just got better from there, and I happily not to be disappointed.Not having ever had tapas before, I elected to try several different plates.  All were excellent, but the 'deconstructed' carnitas taco platter had me making all kinds of unconscious 'yummy' noises. Tender pork, thinly sliced and marinated jicama slaw and two outstanding salsas - tomatillo and mango - were an amazing start.The garlic pollo - tiny medallions of grilled chicken breast served steaming hot in a sherry butter sauce as 'gravy', with a slice of toasted baguette on the side...I wanted to BATHE in it. If I had only one complaint, it's that there wasn't a couple more toasted bread slices, to sop up every bit of that savory gravy, once the last juicy bite of 'pollo' was history (I probably just should've asked, but hey - they DID  give me a spoon.)And finally there was the sweet 'platanos', with the honey pomegranate glaze.  I wasn't really sure if they were bananas or actual plantains, but either way, they were perfectly grilled in butter and drizzled with that sweet sauce - so good that you really didn't need to order dessert.  Which I am saving for our next visit.Oh, and did I mention the "amuse-bouche" that opened the meal, which included bacon-wrapped, cheese-stuffed dates? I really could have worked my way through an entire platter of those bad boys and called it a day.Giving Bar + Bistro a VERY strong two thumbs WAY up!
5	Was very skeptical about this place, but my husband insist we try it. So we decided to have my birthday there along with my 2 brothers. I am glad that I came around to trying this place because have very very amazingly tasting food and desserts.  For having dinner Sunday night late with 9+ ppl, their service was great. Elizabeth our waiter was great she was great with last minute changes and our friends that showed up last minute. She knew when to come.  And best of all the chief actually came out and gave us birthday desserts on the house. Was nice for him to take his time just to say hi.  Bar bistro thank u for a wonderful experience!
5	Awesome food.
2	I was very much enjoying my experience, as I was enjoying B+B for what it is, a cool spot with a great atmosphere and a wide variety of tapas.  They do have main entrees, but the focus of the menu seems to be on tapas.  It is decent tapas, and paired with the overall vibe of the place, simple decency prevails and even excels at times.  After all some dishes are better than others depending on personal prefrence, and the food itself.Then it happend.  I mentioned that I liked something to the server.  I even ordered another plate of it because I wanted more.  That is the point where the server interjected support for my decison, which is cool till a turn was taken in the statement.  Suddenly the servers support for the dish turned into an opportunity to compare the dish to other restaurants.  In doing so making it a point to state how much better it was than other restaurants on the strip that prepared it, and going so far as to name 3-4 places they prepared that specific dish better than.  It didn't seem off the cuff either, but instead it sounded like a well practiced statement spoken very often by the server.  One of the places named happened to be a place I eat at quite regularly.  Not only was the name grossly mispronounced, but I happen to know that they don't even serve a similar dish there because it is a dish I get nearly everywhere I go that has it.Now the experience has changed.  Now instead of enjoying it for what it is, I began comparing everything to other restaurants.  It was a door the server opened as far as applied prespective to the situation, so I shall oblidge.The dish in question was the Lamb Chops.  Was it decent?  Yes.  Was I enjoying it? Yes.  Were they better than any other place I had been to recently?  No.  In fact I just dined at the steakhouse in The Silverton, and their tapas chops were immensely better.  They were seasoned better, and more consistently cooked as I had multiple orders there as well.  At B+B they were served with a cole slaw that might as well be left off the plate and in KFC(almost equivalent cole slaw btw).  I happen to enjoy Lamb Chops so I had a few orders, because I enjoy Lamb Chops, not because they were the best I have ever had.The Salt Cod in tomato sauce was probably the stand out dish of them all.  Great flavor and consistency.  Very unique and with a simple complexity that foodies look for.  I have never had a similar dish to compare it to, which is what I like in general.  Everyone enjoys unique food that is delicious.  Expand on that.The Garlic Chicken was easily the biggest miss of them all.  In addition to the chicken being overcooked, it is served in a tomato soup like broth that is hot to make sure the chicken is definitely overcooked by the time it gets to the table and you eat it.  The existence of this dish on the menu should definitely be reevaluated, from presentation, to execution and flavor.  We had a variety of other dishes, none majorly noteworthy as either good or bad.  Everything definitely seemed better before comparisons came into play, as that is when the room for improvement became apparent.  If your staff is going to insult multiple other places, then the food needs to step up a few notches.  Not to mention that 6-7 drink "cocktail list".  With a fancy bar, slick bartenders, and "Bar" in the name of the place it is definitely subpar as far as a cocktail list is concerned.  When I walk into a badass looking bar with badass looking bartenders, then I expect to see a badass cocktail list.  I wanted to see a badass cocktail list, I wanted a badass cocktail.  What I got was a cocktail list that looked like it came off a table of a lame chain restaurant, in appearence and content.  One might say "Well ask them to make you something special", but that is what should be on the cocktail list.  Something special, unique, well thought out and put together- Not, hey this guy wants a cocktail with such and such liqour throw a few things together.  I definitely would have had one more drink, or even stayed longer to have a few more drinks.  That wasn't the case though, because there are so many places now that do offer unique cocktails that they are no longer a secret thing.  Instead, they are the standard.I don't know if I will be back.  If I do go back, I would like a badass cocktail and a server that isn't going to insult other places when handed a compliment.  As harsh as this review sounds, I honestly could have been much harsher based on other aspects of the experience that I left out.  I do hope this place gets better though, because it is the type of casual place I would be a regular at.
5	A little bit pricey. Nice ambience.  I like the assortment of people who frequent here.... art all over the building!  And the best yoga studio right next door!
4	Im rating this 4 and not 5 all becuase of the RUDEST (heavier set older lady) Ive ever had. Everything else...Decor Food and all the other wonderful Busboys and Servers were super awesome! The food...great. Drinks...love the vodka gummy bears. The fire dancers and Dj...off the hook! The other younger smaller chick that helps us...u are amazing...thank u for ur help! Other than this rude ass lady who told me i couldnt sit somewhere when clearly NO ONE was reserved for the table...I cant wait to come back....hopefully i dnt see u again cuz ur ruining ur own money!
2	i've only been for lunch but the food i was served ensures i won't be back for dinner.  i started with a bowl of french onion soup.  it was ok, but very salty and barely warm.  the cheese on top was plentiful but not melted enough.  i asked the server to add swiss to my pastrami sandwhich.  she wasn't sure they had swiss.  i reminded her that they served swiss on the cuban sandwhich.  she quickly informed me that the cubans were pre-made.  i wanted to leave immediately but stuck around for the rest of lunch.  the pastrami sandwich was a disaster.  11 dollars for a sandwhich on stale bread with barely any meat on it.  the meat that was on it was full of grissle and improperly cut (which made it very tough).  the decor is dark and dated.  the service was friendly and efficient.
5	Recently went to Bar + Bistro and had lunch. The lunch menu was adequate, you could choose from a variety of taco, salad, sandwiches and a burger. I had the 4 grill cheese, which was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich. It came with sweet potato fries and a small cup of tomato soup which was nice since we were next to the open door and it was a little chilly outside. My girlfriend had the Pig Pork Cow, which was a kobe wagyu burger that had spanish chorizo and pancetta on it. It was one of the best burgers that either of us have had. It was cooked to perfection (med-rare). The waiter (Alex) was very friendly and knowledgeable about all of the menu. My gf asked for a recommendation of wine and he hit it spot on. We will definitely be coming back for another burger.
4	Went here for lunch to try the tapas, but there are no tapas served during lunchtime! They have a separate lunch menu which consists of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and burgers. The wagyu beef burger was awesome. Nice thick beefy patty, beef juices still locked inside the meet, just waiting to burst forth with that first hungry bite. Yum. French fries and sweet potato fries are equally as good as well. My friend ordered a shirley temple, and we don't know how they do it, but they make their own shirley temple cherries out of fresh bing cherries, pit removed and all. So delicious.
4	They have fun drinks and add ins like lavender simple syrup. The food is pretty awesome too. Try the scallops. Staff is totally friendly and blue sky yoga is in the same building. My only beef is that one time they double charged us on accident. Big hassle. But that happened once and I have been there several times.
4	Yum Yum Yum....Firefly isn't the only place to go and get good tapas.  Can't wait to go back and try the "hangover brunch."
4	Stopped in this week for the first time for lunch.. First ones in the door so no trouble getting a table. Manager greeted us and was very nice. A very nice but extremely soft spoken server came to our table, Found out they have a simplified lunch menu, but you can order anything off of their dinner menu. We started out with the acorn squash soup.. Yum.. Thick and savory with a cream sauce on top, The sauce had so much flavor, I wanted to ask for a bottle of it to drink. Great presentation, the soup was served inside the squash, with plenty of squash to eat. We also had the grilled vegetable sandwich, they were very accomodating in switching out the vegan cheese for another. Which I got to choose from about 4 different kinds. I had it with sweet potato fries, which were some of the best in town.. Loved the seasoning on them! We ordered the fish tacos, but instead got a pasta dish, turns out our server punched the wrong order in... no biggie..The tacos were delicious! Tender fish with a cilantro slaw to top them. Everything was flavorful and the service was good! Looking forward to returning again for lunch!
1	We came to Bar + Bistro as a going away lunch for a coworker. We made reservations at 11:30 am and arrived at 11:30 am. Everything started off nice until we ordered the food and then everything went downhill from there. It took almost 45 minutes to receive our food. Then when we received it they came out incorrectly and some of the food was passed out to the incorrect person. We were a party of 10 and 6 of us ordered the burger. My food in particular was a burger, medium, cut in half with house fries. I received a burger cut in half but my burger was well done. My coworker received a medium burger not cut in half with house fries and he ordered his meat well done. The fries I received on my plate were terrible. They were either soggy or stale. How a restaurant can accomplish this feat was amazing to me. My other coworker order the mahi mahi tacos and the fish that was given to him didn't even fill all 3 tacos. It was such a dissapointment. We asked for the check and when we gave the server our payment it took her 30 minutes to get it back to us. We alerted the manager who didn't seem to care except to say that the server is working on processing the cards that were given to her. We were the first table to arrive in our section of the dinning room and the last table to leave. They seem to only care for thier smaller groups and take care of them better than a big group.I have seen this restaurant on Restaurant Stakeout, a show on Food Network last year and thought that after being on the show all of their issues would have been fixed. By coming here for lunch today they obviously do not care. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE! RUN as far away as you can from this restaurant!
4	Hit this place for lunch.  It was a really great spot in a revitalizing area.  We got there right at opening based on our timing for that day, and the service was just a little slow (I wouldn't judge them for that) but the staff was still exceptionally attentive and personable.  The decor is really cool, as you'd expect inside an art gallery.  There is patio seating which we will definitely try next time.  The food was really, really good.  We got the waygu burger and the steak salad.  I loved that the salad was served with the greens in one bowl and a stack of beef, marinated peppers, onions, cheese, sunflower seeds, avocado,  bacon,  tomato and dressing on another plate.  This allowed us to control the makeup of the salad.  All were quite good.  I do like my red peppers crunchier than those served, but they were marinated so that happens.  The sweet potato fries were also quite good.  As we were leaving, they started roasting a whole pig on a BBQ spit out back.  Smelled amazing.  There is also a bar (hence the name) and it looked like a place we plan to try.
2	Lousy service!  We went before Natalie Merchant concert and arrived 1:45 hrs. before the concert.  We ordered only four tapas an a bottle of wine.  The first one took 30 minutes to arrive.  The next one trickled out 30 minutes after that.  We then reminded the waiter that we needed to get our last 2 soon as we would need to leave in 20 minutes.  The next one was brought out w/in 5 minutes but was cold.  Mentioned it to the waiter when he checked back 10 minutes later and he offered to take that as well as last tapa off bill.  He brought check and last "free" tapa 5 minutes later. We paid check each had quick bite and ran out the door just barely making the start of show.   It did not look that busy and 4 small plates should not be that complicated.
4	A small place but excellent food. Great vegan menu.  A must try is fried artichoke heart. Superb. Cocktails are creative and festive. Very hipster. I have to go here in the summer and sit outside to enjoy the area and drinks further. Can't wait to try other things on the menu. I'll be back.
3	Now that my office is near the downtown area I have a whole new set of restaurants at my disposal. Starting with the closest in my vicinity I first headed over to Bar + Bistro. I've had ok meals here in the past, although I've found the service iffy and prices a bit high, but when I was contacted by Chef Beni Velasquez to come try their burger I was intrigued because I hadn't yet noticed it on their menu. He promised me a great burger with three different meats, so that couldn't be bad right?Bar+Bistro, or Bar + Bistro, or BarBistro, or Bar Bistro depending on where you look on their website, is located in the heart of the constantly developing arts district on Charleston and Main inside The Arts Factory. There is both indoor and outdoor seating, but the area outdoors has always looked a little dirty and dusty every time I've been here. Inside you will find a couple rooms; I've always sat in the first room with a few cramped tables made to look like giant painter's pallets. While the tables are a cool idea, I find the fake thumb hole to be a little awkward and always seems to collect crumbs. The menu features primarily a wide variety of tapas, but also sandwiches, pizzas, many entrees, desserts and even a vegan menu. The last time I was here we ordered a couple tapas and two drinks, and I believe our bill was around $75. Glancing at the menu's high prices you can see how your bill can easily climb unexpectedly so be careful.The burger in question, the pig-pork-cow, is a half pound Kobe Wagyu burger, with a Brioche bun, Spanish chorizo, pancetta, Manchego and white cheddar cheeses and pickled shallots. What came out was large, colorful and definitely looked impressive. The first thing I noticed was that no two bites were the same; one had a fresh avocado slice, the next crispy and delicious pancetta, to a subtle but equally tasty chorizo. The Brioche bun was very buttery and quite good, but a tad too thick and dry for my liking. I think you would need something this hearty to handle all the items stuffed in this burger, but it missed the mark a tiny bit for me. The meat had good flavor, but it almost seemed too tinkered with or something; it was dark like it has been seasoned with a Worcestershire sauce, and maybe a bit overdone. The pancetta was crispy, smoky and delicious, the chorizo was a little less present despite its apparent abundance when it showed up, but when it managed its way into a bite it was a great change from the other meat flavors. The cheese had a pungent, fantastic flavor to it and I found myself holding back from stuffing a few fries in my mouth with some bites to savor the flavor on its own. It was not very melted and fairly cold in some spots though, so that raises the question: are there some cheeses that don't need to be melted in a burger? For me the answer is no, all cheeses should be melted and the only cold temps should stem from my veggies. As a whole there were some very complex and varied flavors that went really well together, I just wish the bun and meat were both a little less dry.The fries had the potential to be great, but weren't quite there. They had good rosemary flavor, no bad oil taste, looked crispy but were in fact a bit too undercooked for my liking. I would be interested to try the sweet potato fries as an alternative to see what one more unique flavor in this mix would be like. Overall this meal was quite good, although not perfect due to a couple missteps. $16.22 with tax is a tiny bit high for me, but given all the meats and ingredients on this burger I'm not sure I can complain. I've felt that this restaurant is a bit overpriced based on past visits, but this meal actually felt a little more reasonable compared to the others. $15 for a burger is definitely past the reasonable price point of many of my followers, but if you're willing to fork over that much for a burger this is one of the more unique burgers I've had lately.
5	Our first time here for a late lunch and it was awesome!  Our server was fantastic and we ordered sandwiches and a salad to share.  I'm a little surprised to see that some reviews see this restaurant as expensive.  Our bill was $35, which is reasonable considering how yummy the food was.  The fries were really good too, not greasy and light and olive oily.  Delicious sauces and gooey cheese.  The ambiance was excellent and decor quirky and artsy.  My husband can't wait to take his work lunches here now that we know it's sooooo good.  Will be back!
1	Took over an hour to for our lunch to reach the table and they weren't even that busy.  The waiter said sorry and offered us free bread.  The food is ok, but I cant take the chance of going again and waiting another hour at the table for our food to show up especially in this city where theres a million other choices out there.
5	I have not yet eaten here. I have on several occasions gone for drinks with friends and family. I love the live performers they tend to have. Drinks taste great and its very inviting!!
3	If you are out with hard core meat eater friends who will just not even consider eating at a healthier place, Bar+Bistro will fill the ticket to keep everyone happy. Not the best vegetarian cuisine I have tasted, but passable. Plus, it's a cool environment and very centrally located.
4	Another of my jury duty visits, and yes, another 4 star review.By the way, this was a deceivingly long walk from the courthouse, which for some reason when I yelped it I swore it said it was about .7 miles away.   It sure felt like a lot more than that, but what do I know.  This review is all worth it if some juror sees this some day and makes a decision either to go or not to go to Bar + Bistro based on that comment.The good news?   In my opinion the food I had was worth the trek.  The waiter I had was very friendly and very accommodating to my lactose intolerance.  I ordered the Lentil soup which was denoted as Vegan and asked if there were any dairy products in the mahi mahi tacos.  He checked with the kitchen which is always appreciated by me and confirmed it did not.  Nothing makes me more angry than when a waiter will "guess" as to what the dairy contents of the items are.  Okay LOTS of things make me more angry than that, but for dramatic effect that's all I could come up with.  So now I was sitting content knowing that my food was more than likely not going to cause me to get held for contempt in court for gastrointestinal issues.  First the soup arrived.   I thought it had a nice flavor and it was gobbled up quickly.  Next up came the mahi mahi tacos.  A bit of an interesting presentation in which you get several pieces of fish, and the slaw and tortillas on the side.   So kind of a build your own taco deal.  I thought the mahi mahi was slightly overcooked, but the flavors that I signed up for were there.  Given that this is "@ the Arts Factory", I expected more than just a run of the mill setup that you might find at Applebees, and I was impressed.  I had one of those tables that were made to look like an artist's palette, with splatters of paint throughout.  Or maybe those paint splotches are the result of someone who had a few too many margaritas.  Either way, it worked for me.  I did think the food was slightly overpriced as the soup, tacos, and drink came out to over $20, which is a little more than I normally would spend on lunch.  Some lunch specials would be appreciated if anyone is listening out there.   The food and the service deserve a 4 star rating from me in the end though, and of course the appeasing of a paranoid lactose intolerant.
2	Most of the food is pretty decent, but not worth making a special trip for. Unfortunately, the service has never been good. It takes forever and always feels like they are completely understaffed. The mac and cheese is great though, and the live music on the patio is ncie. You're better off just going here for drinks.
2	Heard so many great reviews of this place.  My experience was horrible. To start off they took forever to seat a party of 7. While there was numerous seats available. Once seated we had to go looking for the waiter because we never got menus they took forever to take our orders. They were out of numerous items on their menu. The waiter had a bad attitude throughout our whole dinner. Will not be going back. Food not worth horrible customer service.
5	This is a delightful place for dinner; it's an adorable bistro in the arts district, neither on the strip nor in a strip mall, an unusual and charming find in Vegas. The menu is fun and inventive, with quite the range of options, and the service was very friendly and attentive. I started with the lentil soup, which was a touch salty but very tasty, and then had vegan, gluten-free sliders, which I was tempted to try despite my non-vegan, pro-gluten tendencies, due to the fried plantains that were promised in place of bread. I was not disappointed. They were a tasty combination of flavors and textures; definitely a dish I would order again. Lemon ricotta cheesecake was outstanding.
5	New Years Eve dinner 2012: we were too early for the special meal so we had items off the regular menu.   Fairly quiet and had the whole funky place to ourselves: great art themed tables that looked like  easels and fun furniture.   We did the tapas style ordering and it was all sooooo good and original: not a single bad bite.  Highlights included the 5 CHEESE MACwith smoked gouda, sharp cheddar, fontina, Manchego, roasted tomato, piquillo peppers, parm crisp;    BRISTOL BAY SCALLOPS with  pan seared, pancetta, white bean saffron ragu;  CHOPPED LATIN CHICKEN with cabbage, jicama, piquillo peppers, pumpkin seeds, avocado, Manchego cheese, plantain chips, chimichurri honey dressing.  Fun cocktails: the GUINNESS GONE GENIUS (Makers 46, Guinness, Kahlua, Fee's Old Fashion Bitters, Demerara Syrup, Cream Head, Crystallized Espresso, Bourbon Barrel Smoked Sugar) was like drinking a Guinness milkshake with fizz.   Perfect artisan dinner and drinks, then off to the NYE festivities!
4	Tostone Bites! Bananas Foster Baklava!  Going back asap.  Had a Restaurant.com offer, so it was a nice surprise when the bill came.
5	Glorious cocktails, wonderful food, and friendly staff.  I was stuck waiting for a bunch of friends to get off work and spent the time chatting to the bar staff and trying out their experimental concoctions. They actually know their drinks! And they pour generously.  I had the vegan paella, which was beyond flavorful.  The meat dishes looked superb as well.  Apparently they have a pig roast on Fridays? On a Thursday, it certainly wasn't too crowded, and the music was at a conversational level.  There was a quirky video curration going behind the bar that was an excellent conversation piece, and folks doing all kinds of art on the patio.  I will certainly be back on a regular basis!
5	Loved loved loved everything about bar and bistro (bar + bistro). The food was delicious. The service was friendly, if not prompt. The arts district location is hip. The entertainment was eclectic and engaging. The evening was perfect for patio dining. The crowd was varied. The vibe was decidedly urban.Now the details: Food. For the four of us, we ordered way too much and attempted to eat it all. Garlic chicken (chunks of chicken in a delicious sauce, served with garlic toast. It had a great flavor, but if it was my entree, I might have gotten bored of it.)Artichoke dip (a unique take on the traditional artichoke dip - a little creamier and served with plantain chips).Carnitas tacos (best item of the night - meat was delicious and I loved the 'deconstructed' presentation where you fix the taco yourself).Chimichurri steak salad (great meat and again, the deconstructed presentation).Carne pizza (great sauce and cheese on a thin crust. The carne part was not the typical pepperoni-sausage-ham and instead was bbq chicken-chorizo-salami).Sliders (standard, really good sliders).Fries (actually not good - just soggy and bland, served with some kind of spicy mayo). Drinks.The waitress was excellent in helping us decide on drinks and when she accidentally brought out a blue moon instead of a stella, she let us keep the extra. We sampled the Fleur 75 and the Guinness Genius. The Fleur was your standard champagne cocktail (and, by that, I mean delicious), but the Genius was totally unique. It had the taste of Guinness, but made extra strong with some other ingredients I don't remember and this delicious bourbon sugar rim. A total after-dinner drink, just as our waitress recommended. She also brought me a fruity mocktail, which was delicious, and interesting enough to be an actual cocktail! Vibe.There was a jam band playing on the patio, starting around 7, but they weren't too loud, and provided a nice backdrop for either conversation or listening to the freestyle poetry going on up front! Yes, this is the first time I've ever attended a freestyle poetry jam, and it was cool. Don't worry, though, it wasn't so cool that we felt out of place! The artsy crowd was definitely present, but some of the readers/hosts were well into their 50s. We had my parents and a toddler with us and another table had a couple of older kids. In addition, there were a handful of artists off to one side, working or displaying or selling their stuff. Great night to sit outside.Overall. From age 1 to 54, our group all loved bar+bistro. I will definitely be returning, and even taking out of town visitors here!
2	Three of us shared a round of tapas and a $28 bottle of wine. Very long wait for food to come out even though we were seated immediately. Overall, the menu was a little overpriced in my opinion for the service and food provided. The server we had even admitted that they were very short staffed. Very wonderful atmosphere and great outdoor environment for lounging. Would do drinks here more than food next time.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! staff is hilarious.  the food is wonderful.  must go for brunch on the weekends
1	Oh my godddd. We had the worst Easter brunch here.After standing in the cramped waiting area for a million years while half a dozen servers wandered by promising us someone would be with us shortly, we were seated on the windy, depressing patio. The dirty tables and broken-down theater seats on the patio made me feel like I was eating in a junkyard.Our waitress, when she was around, was pleasant, but I waited like 15 minutes for a room-temperature mimosa and by the time she came to check on us after we'd gotten our food, I didn't even bother to mention that the mofongo in my mofongo benedict was ice-cold (like, nearly frozen in the middle). This dish was also *laughably* small. Is the brunch menu supposed to be tapas-style as well? Maybe, because meanwhile, my husband had an omelet which was on ok omelet but seriously: $13 for an omelet that didn't even come with potatoes, toast or (god forbid) even a fruit garnish?? Really?This whole place has an attitude which, frankly, it cannot afford. The restaurant looks like it was furnished with old crap gathered from a yard sale and the food is inedible at worst, mediocre at best. We spent $50 and I left feeling miserable.
4	Fantastic ambience.  I bought a deal from travelzoo when I saw Bar Bistro had a certificate.  Having lived downtown for 4 years I had never managed to make it there but had heard good things.  When we arrived seating outside was reserved only for reservations.  Luckily I had made a reservation because the outside has such a great vibe.  There was a woman playing beautiful music that didn't dominate the whole experience but added to it a ton.  I ordered a mixologist type drink with egg whites and Thyme.  My finace ordered a burbon on their drinks menu list that was out of this world.  Both drinks were huge selling points.  All the food we got was great and seasoned perfectly.  Highly recommend the sauteed calamari.  I would say they have something for every taste.  Service was great.  Even though they were obviously busy I felt like we had a personal relationship with our server.  And the team really worked well together.  We will definitely go back to try their famous weekend brunch.
3	Food is really good, tapas style, staff are nice but a little overwhelmed. I hear there is a good bluegrass band Sunday afternoons but we were too late. Will give it another try with the band .
5	Amazing burgers. Even more amazing cheesecake. They need to build a nap room. Lisa, our server, was great. Very friendly and attentive. Glad we found this gem.
2	Best description would be underwhelming.
4	FANTASTIC!!!Loved this place!  Love the artwork!  Love the paint palette tables! The service is the first excellent thing!  The food is also fabulous!The waitress was so nice! Great job guys!Food came out fast!  The chef must have been in a creative mood that night!  He brought us a few extras!  Bacon wrapped morsels of goodness!
4	All these 1-2 star reviews make me sad. I really liked this place.Came here for a celebratory lunch with my girls after our last day of nursing school around 1PM on a Tuesday afternoon.  The maitre d' outside pointed us in the proper direction for parking as you can park either on the street, in a parking garage, or in the open lot across the street.  He was super friendly and quite hilarious. Definitely the most informal maitre d' I've ever met, but still great.There were a few other lunch parties but the restaurant wasn't busy.  We opted to sit outside as it was gorgeous out.  The restaurant is quaintly decorated and you definitely know you're in the Arts District.  The bathroom is shared with the Art Factory, but I don't mind since you get a glimpse of some of the artwork along the way.I ordered the pig pork cow burger and house fries.  The burger was massive and had a kobe waygu patty, chorizo and pancetta. I was in meat heaven.  Everything on the burger was absolutely delicious and even the burger patty was perfectly seasoned.  I love that the fries come out with ketchup and mayo, so you don't even have to ask!I also got the iced tea which is a berry blend they brew fresh everyday and serve in a huge honking cup.  Another thing I thought was cute was that the water glasses were the bottom 1/2 of wine bottles; I loved it!Service was unremarkable but timely.  The manager checked in on us a few times to make sure we were doing okay, which was greatly appreciated.Overall, I'll be back. Maybe next time for dinner or to try out the bar!
4	If you are in the real Downtown Las Vegas then this is your hidden gem. This restaurant has great lunch items and happy hour if you want to hang out where the locals are. Its so low key that even Nicolas Cage comes in from time to time just to hang out. A funny fact is that the building where the restaurant is in used to be an old crematorium but dont let that scare you from coming in!!
5	I want to publicly thank Bar + Bistro for saving my wedding reception!!Backstory: We had booked another restaurant several weeks back and then out of the blue the owner notified they were closing their doors a week before our wedding in Vegas. Oh crap, what do we do now!!I got in touch with Anna (event planner) after discovering them here on Yelp. We wanted Tapas for our dinner so Bar + Bistro fit the bill exactly. After a little coordinating Anne got us booked and keeping within our budget. She is such a life saver! Keep in mind all of this was completed over the telephone and through email!!All of our guests loved the atmosphere of the Bistro and it was a special treat to get to meet Chef Beni Velasquez -- of Chopped and Restaurant Stakeout fame. All of the food tasted amazing and the wait staff were so friendly and fun.Thank you guys so much. You really made the completion of our day all that more special!! ;)
3	So we stopped in for lunch and apparently they painted the floors in front of the bathrooms. It was a little awkward for a few seconds but i got to use the facilities finally. I Had the fish tacos. The fish was a little dry but the presentation was nice. The sweet potato fries were great! They just need to get rid of the mayo they served with it. Not a good combo unless you love mayonnaise. The drinks and the atmosphere really make this place shine though. I'll definitely give this place another try
3	We came to Bar + Bistro to celebrate the departure of a coworker.  It was a nice bright Saturday afternoon and we wanted to check this place out!Here's what I like:  The outside space is pretty cool!  Lots of standing room and ample tables for food.  The parking lot is actually bigger than I thought.  Here's what I didn't really like:  I wanted to eat food, however, heard that his place got shut down a number of times for health regulations.  I did try some french fries from a friend, however it was really soggy.  Also, the bartender was a bit slow.  I ended up getting two mimosas at once so that I didn't have to wait again for a second round.  Not really a fan of that as my second mimosa got warm by the time I was ready for it.  If you know me, you know that I'm a huge fan of Downtown/Arts District businesses.  I'm not hating on this place.  In fact, I wouldn't mind going back for the outside space.  Well, maybe not in the summer, but I appreciate the concept!  I think with the previous food reputation, it may take some time for this place to boom, however, I will definitely give this another try for an update!
1	worst service ever, had to wait 2 hours for our food when we where the only ones there. Dirty, staff is unprofessional. They also didn't have half of the menu instock.
4	After having visited this restaurant for the 5th time, I finally had an experience worth praising B+B.  I'm giving 4 stars for this review because my previous dining experiences always had issues.  My very first time here, the service was extremely slow.  My group of 4 took almost almost 90 minutes to order and eat.  We didn't sit and chatter after meal, it just took that long from ordering to paying.  While the service was slow the food was extremely delicious.  This was prior to the appearance on Food NetworkI came again in March of 2013 with 2 other friends.  We each received our dishes 10 min apart.  I was finished with my food by the time the last person received his dish.  Kelly, the owner, was onsite and was very apologetic even comping part of our bill.  My last visit was by far the best.  The food was prompt and as always hot and delicious.  Lindsay was, by far, the best server I've had in my dining experiences at B+B.  Aside from the hit or miss service, the food is always good.  I'm waiting for the day to give 5 stars to B+B.
1	I only came for the dessert i heard so much about. Long story short...-Served me melted Sorbet, no exaggeration necessary it was pooling over.-Very slow and Inattentive service. -I held the door open for the female server with the shaved sides and dark ponytail. She breezed by me no thank you or smile. -The decor is nice, but the staff  makes it easy for me to not suggest this place nor return.
5	love it!!!!  the waiter was so awesome I love him!!  Suggested I had my salad deconstructed and it was SUPERB...even gave me a kickin recommendation of what to drink.  Will always come back.
4	Came one Sunday for Bluegrass Brunch, and ended up coming here almost weekly since. I'm not a huge downtown LV lover like everyone else, but I'm slowly coming around. This place has me changing my mind a bit. First, I loved the patio. It's eclectic. A previous reviewer had called it a junkyard, but I would hardly go that far. They have a large outdoor patio area, and it's covered AND it has a misting system, so you may be able to sit out there into mid June without dying. They have a large vegan/veggie menu, I enjoyed what I have tried. What keeps me coming back is the drinks. I like their sangria, they make it with cinnamon sticks. It's very different and refreshing. They have a ton of different alcohol, and they carry the only vodka I like, Hangar 1. Pimms, cachaca, whisky, rum, absinthe. The list goes on. One of my favorite specialty cocktails is the Thyme & Pepper. Try it. Staff has always been friendly as well.
5	The staff was fantastic with great personality, attentive, and accommodating. The atmosphere was a welcome change from the glitz of the Strip. The food selection was perfect - for even the pickiest eaters. It is a definite repeat.
5	Man oh man this place was good! The atmosphere was perfect for date night. It would have also been great with a group of friends! Live music is always a plus!Our server was extremely knowledgable About all of the items on the menu! And getting complimentary treats from the chef is always nice! He didn't rush us, it was perfect timing for everything!!!Oh.... Vegans and vegetarians you are in luck there's an extensive menu, and that's truly hard to find!!!We will be back!
5	Need a break from the bright lights and LV craziness? This is a great alternative.  In the emerging "arts district".  We really enjoyed a nice bottle of wine and tapas on the laid back patio.  Even easily accessible from the upgraded bus system in Las Vegas.  A great, pleasant surprise.
4	Just ok. Menu was too diverse and felt like I was going through a brochure. They do have opt-vegan food! I had the carne pizza (which was just ok, kinda doughy and the meat was overcooked) and a friend had some sandwhich, next time we'll try the tapas!+1 for the art gallery I wish we gotten a chance to look around in the art gallery, will definitely visit again!
3	Bar + Bistro is a perfectly adequate restaurant. The food is satisfying, the setting is underwhelming, the service is decent, and that is about all. Some people really dig this joint, but I find it a little above average. I have been here three times and each experience was perfectly bland. I definitely prefer the bar area over the restaurant. It has some of the personality that the restaurant is lacking.
4	Really enjoyed dining here. The atmosphere is laid back and cool and all of the tapas dishes were great--especially the carnitas tacos!
3	Fish tacos are pretty good. Food is a little pricey, but you do get a free show of some type. The night I ate there, they  had a poem reader (not my cup of tea) but kudos to him for getting up there. There was also a young guy on a harmonica that was great. He joined in with the band and even sang a little. He was a real treat. We used open table to secure a patio table but when we arrived it wasn't very busy. I told the waitress we were in a hurry and at first she told me we would never have our food in time. But then she told us we could get a few things quickly, and it was lucky that we wanted those things anyway. I ordered fish tacos and my friend had a Greek salad. Both of us left happy. Next time I'd like to give myself more time to enjoy the performances.*Update to add more food items. We went there last night to grab a bite to eat and unfortunately they lose a star. When we arrived we were told that we could sit anywhere. so we grabbed a table away from the two children running amok on the lower patio. Busser was very attentive he filled our water at least once before we even saw our server. I don't blame her as I could tell she was the only one running around dealing with big parties. But I did see at least two other servers that didn't seem to be busy... one stood about 5-10 feet away from us talking with other employees. I know she was a waitress because she waited on me last time. Maybe she was off, but honestly it looks bad. My friend and I ordered the Spiced Salmon Salad (very good) and the special BBQ Lamb Sliders (just ok) We weren't sure what to expect with BBQ and Lamb, but we figured we'd give it a try. It wasn't bad, but the flavors didn't seem to compliment each other. Probably wouldn't order it again. We also ordered the Peach Sangria and nether of us liked it. I still feel like this place is too expensive for what you get, especially since last night there was no performance artists. Instead there was a DJ, I wasn't into the vibe this go around. Next time I'm at Artifice/Cockroach Theatre and I'm hungry I think I'll try Mingo.
5	While searching for the art district, we stumbled upon Bar+Bistro @ the Arts Factory.  We were not disappointed!  Good food, good service and we were surrounded by art, which is what we love!Ivan was our server and he suggested I try the brioche french toast.  Excellent choice!  My husband had the koby beef sliders and they were delicious.  Don't forget the fries when you order, they are crisp and seasoned to perfection.  The menu is very diverse and they even boast an entire vegan section.
2	A terrible start to Father's Day!  The service was poor, bacon was undercooked, French toast was burnt, and the whole reason I even made a reservation there was for the bluegrass brunch. Which I was told at the end of my meal that the band cancelled saying it would be too hot today. The high was supposed to be 97 which by vegas standards isn't hot. Especially since we got there at 11am. I  was completely disappointed and saddened that this was how my boyfriend had to celebrate his 2nd Father's Day.
2	Met my dad and sister here on a Wednesday night a couple of months ago. My dad eats out a lot, but rarely complains about food or service.He said this was the worst service he had experienced in his entire life!We ordered 3 little starters: 'pizza,' and chicken. We were discussing what else to order when the server came. We asked to have a couple more minutes. We didn't see anyone for 10 minutes. We finally put our order in. We ordered some heavier foods- 5 cheese mac, and 1-2 other tapas. Different people showed up to the table to refill our water glasses, but no food. The waitress came back maybe 30 minutes later, and said she was sorry & that they were busy. (Um, there was one other table inside, and maybe 5 tops outside). She said the food would be out soon. Well, 1 hour after arriving, we still hadn't gotten more than the 2-3 tapas from the beginning. We were offered a coupon for the brunch. You think we're coming back?Maybe they just need to limit their menu to something easier to handle. A lot of the food sounded great, unique, and tasty. But, unfortunately we didn't get to try any of it. And, I doubt my dad will ever take us back. I certainly can't afford the expensive tapas plates myself.
5	Absolutely as good as it gets! Fantastic food served by a staff that seems happy to be there. Our server went above and beyond, bringing out the regular menu during brunch, allowing me to order off it and offering suggestions. We were checked on several times by several different people. Everything came out quickly and drinks refilled often too. I can't wait to return to Bar + Bistro!
2	I have had lunch here several times and always enjoyed it. My best friend was getting married and she is a vegan so sometimes it is difficult to find options for her while eating out. As I was in charge of planning her bachelorette party, I made reservations at this restaurant 6 weeks prior to the event for 10 people. 20 minutes prior to the reservation time the restaurant called me and informed me that they would not be able to accommodate us. With 10 people running around I was thankfully able to find another vegan friendly restaurant in the area to accommodate us but this was a massive inconvenience. As much as I enjoyed the food I will likely not return to this establishment and certainly not for a special event or with a large party.
5	Amazing when Chef Beni is in the kitchen. The Sherry Garlic Camarones are amazing.
4	Tempura Calamari, enough said!  Great scene, good people.  Never had a bad experience.
5	This place has a great atmosphere and very unique character. The vegan menu is delicious. Some of the best vegan food we have eaten in along time. Really good food and very nice people. Highly recommend to try their specialty drinks like the Honey Badger (because he doesn't give a sh#*t).
2	The food is mediocre, portions are small and prices are not set accordingly to portions! Way overpriced to eat a full meal. If im gonna spend this kind of money i will go to a nice restaurant and not this place. I have tried many things on the menu and i have yet to be blown away. Presentation is nice but flavor is not that great. The ingredients do not taste fresh and service is always ok. Have yet to be served by a great server or bartender...
4	Absolutely love the Brunch Menu... Bottomless Libations for 12 bucks... my political views are probably not welcome, but I think we can all get along for brunch!
5	One of the few places in vegas with some real character and REAL food !!!! Nightly events and the best Happy Hour !!!!If you want a place for Happy Hour , this is IT !!!!!
2	When we went, the service was ridiculously slow at lunch. Getting seated is one thing, but between the time we got seated and actually got our food was at least an hour (with ordering our drinks and food). From what we ordered, my pizza was amazing (not worth the wait, but yummy). My brother's burger was average, as was my mother's sandwich. Of note, the fries on both of their dishes were cold. Not "not warm," but cold. And we didn't even bother complaining for fear of how long it'd be to get new fries. Overall, we spent 2 hours for overall average food, next to no service, and left dissatisfied. (Our waitress did seem very nice, just maybe too many tables. The host on the other hand needed to get the stick out of his butt and cut with the attitude.)
4	Vegan menu is awesome! I've had the club sandwich which is huge. Also the vegan mushroom pizza is so good. Oh and the vegan bananas foster was amazing! even tho it's not really banana foster at all .
4	Took a cab to this place about 6 miles away! Pulled up to the restaurant and was in the middle of a biker convention, wow. I didn't know what to think, I was a little nervous. Saw about 100 motorcycles and a ton of folks drinking beer on the patio, I later learned it was a charity fundraiser. The actual restaurant is small but the patio is huge. The chef was making a paella in a pan that was 5 or 6 foot around, it was really cool! I ordered the seafood paella of course it was one of the best I've ever had! The portion was small and the cost was $30 a little expensive for the size. But excellent! Service was great! The place was a little dirty.
4	Excellent food & service, I love the Paella Velazquez it's DELICIOUS ! I will definitely recommend this place and will absolutely come back.
3	As one can see my reviews for Bar+Bistro are very inconsistent and all over the place, so it's no surprise I am once again giving a totally different review from before.All right, Bar+Bistro has had a lot of bad press. They were on Dirty Dining and they were on one of those Mystery Diner shows as well. Both of these PR situations went very poor for them. On top of that the owner was one of he main people who struck out against food trucks in Vegas. All of this equals bad PR. Add to the fact I have had one friend who had an absolutely horrendous time here and another friend who has experienced really mediocre visits. So why did I even go back?I bought a coupon off of restaurant.com. That's why. I went for lunch on a very non-busy Tuesday afternoon (about 2 PM). I walked in to a completely empty dining room, a completely empty patio, and one waitress. I was seated in the main dining area.Supposedly they have gone through some changes, new wait staff, and new head chef. I really did not see any changes to the menu though. What I ordered:Bishop's Peak Chardonnay ($9.95) recommended by the server. It was decent. It had a buttery texture, although a bit too acidic at the end for me to shell out another 10 bucks for a second glass.French Onion Soup ($7) - The broth did not have enough depth. The onions used were chopped a bit too small for my liking and the were clumped heavily together in the bottom of the bowl. However, it was not charred on top and the cheeses used complimented the soup very well. They made a unique flavor to the soup that I cannot deny I enjoyed.Chicken Club ($11) - It comes with a choice of fries, or salad, I picked the fries and honestly these fries were superb. Not greasy. Crispy, yet not over-done. There was a hint of spiciness to them that I quite enjoyed. As for the sandwich it is quite large, so I took one half home. There was a lot of bread, too much honestly. Avocados, which I love and the veggies on it were fresh enough. The chicken could have been just a bit more moist, but I will not complain.Overall, I was pleased, that is until I handed over my restaurant.com certificate and my debit card for payment. The server returned with my bill with added gratuity, and already charged to my card. This is the second time I've been bamboozled in such a way by a restaurant after they see my gift certificate. I was not a large party, I was one person. So why was I charged an automatic gratuity? Nothing on restaurant.com's certificates say you will be charged. It simply says to tip on the amount of the REAL check, not the discount. So apparently this waitress saw fit to go ahead and just charge me her tip without me asking.I would have paid 20%, that's 2% more than what most people pay. And I always pay 20% because I used to be a server. I understand there are some cheap-o's out there, but when you assume everyone is going to stiff you, you are really opening yourself up for some criticism. Had the waitress not put her sly moves on my debit card I would have gladly given more stars as I really did enjoy my meal.
2	The food here is great but the service is horrible! If you're lucky enough to have a server come get your order you'll encounter rude servers who make you feel as though you are inconveniencing them! I didn't get my for an order after ordering and in my two hours there I only had my drink refilled once. Honestly although the food was good I could have found the same quality but better service somewhere else. I won't be visiting again.
3	service.. slow/ slightly frantic. food.. amazing..went for brunch with a friend, sat outside and watched the live band play, as it was a beautiful Sunday. server came over and asked what we would like to drink. they have a section on their brunch menu for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys that i told my server i wanted to take advantage of. i started with a bloody mary before my meal, made with some clam juice which i was nervous about, but it was amazing. it did however take quite some time to get our beverages. when i ordered my second drink, a mimosa,as brunch came and it arrived when we were finishing our meal. we stayed for a while, as it was such a nice day and the band was great, empty glasses for quite some time and our server was mostly MIA. a guy was walking to all the tables quickly filling the glasses, but that never happened for us. normally i wouldnt care, but i was paying for bottomless brunch! we finally track her down and we asked for one more round and the check. she informs me that "ill make this one bottomless" and i told her i was confused bc i initially ordered that. she said "well you cant mix and match. ehhh sorry" i just wish she told me that sooner...like when i ordered my first mimosa. miscommunication i think. a different guy came over with his big pitcher, extra nice and gave me tall one,  when she brought over the check, she ended up fixing it so i wasnt paying extra which was really nice of her. we still enjoyed ourselves, however make sure when you go, you dont have any time constraints. on a side note. when you go, try the Mac-n-Cheese. its amazing.
4	Service was extremely slow but that is understandable being that it was first Friday. And prices were high and portions small. But the food was very good and I.loved the atmosphere
3	The menu has been trimmed and it seems the food is not as fresh. Service is average. I still love this place and will always return but wish they would pull it together from the service side. Don't run out of food. Refill waters. Get more staff for Sunday brunch and keep the drinks flowing. You will make twice the money. This place has all the right ingredients to be kickass. I want to see it get there.
3	If you're looking for a meal that will fill you up, this is not the place. Service is mediocre, the staff is not very attentive, and you will wait a long time for your food to be served.I ordered the carnitas tacos, they were pretty good, what really complemented the tacos was the mango salsa. My mouth waters just thinking about the salsa. The meal itself was not very filling and my order wasn't hot, it was warm. I did not want to order anything else because I knew I would end up waiting even longer. If the service improves then maybe I would give them another chance, but for now I will stay away.
4	I'd been curious about Bar +Bistro since I saw it on one of those "Restaurant Makeover" type shows last year, but had never had occasion to go visit. However, today I was attending some meetings down in the Arts District and thought that it would be the perfect opportunity to try it out for lunch!  I arrived at about 11:20, just after they opened, and only had about 30 minutes to eat. It is definitely an "artsy" building, with mixes of both industrial and works of art both inside and out.  The setup was a little odd, because I could see right into the kitchen from the hostess stand, and no one was at the hostess stand when I arrived. I actually had to shout "hello?" into the kitchen before someone came out. After that, however, it was smooth sailing. I was pretty much the only one in the restaurant besides the staff, which suited me just fine. The service was friendly and the waitress/hostess helped me decide what to order (Cuban Paninni and sweet potato fries $12). I explained that I was in a bit of a time crunch, and she made sure that the food came out quickly.The food was great! The sweet potato fries were yummy- topped with blue cheese crumbles and served with a side of sweet, yet spicy ketchup.  The Cuban pannini was cheesy, melty, yummy goodness. The bread was just a little on the crunchy side for my taste (that's just a personal preference, I don't like crunchy bread), but otherwise delicious and filling. The waitress even brought me a to-go box for my food and gave me an extra iced tea to-go as well!I don't know how things were before the "makeover" or what they might be like during peak times, but I very much enjoyed my experience!
5	Omg!!!! Chef Velazquez is so amazing!!!!! The Mofongo is like unreal!!! We had seconds of the Mofongo! The Caprese slider was insanely good! Service amazing!! So glad we are locals!!! Xoxo
4	Lunch today was really lovely at Bar +  Bistro.  We were able to sit outdoors and even though the 'outdoors' of this restaurant is technically the corner of an incredibly busy intersection in downtown Las Vegas,  its impossible to tell that when you are sitting there enjoying an order of sweet potato fries and steak salad with chimichurri.The atmosphere is eclectic and our server was friendly and informative.My friend's salad didn't come with the pumpkin seeds promised on the menu so we ended up with a piece of their lovely ricotta lemon cheesecake. Outstanding.
4	One of the stops on a downtown Vegas pub crawl with an ENORMOUS group of people, the Arts Factory handled us splendidly.  I loved their huge outdoor patio and all the funky art inside the place.Hundreds of cups of cold beer had already been poured and were awaiting our arrival; nothing like instant satisfaction after working up a thirst on the hot streets of LV!  It was a pleasure to speak with the people working in the studio shop towards the back of the building, too: they were a wealth of information about the artwork on display and for sale, as well as the artists who had produced it.  Cheers!
4	Came for the Sunday hangover brunch and it was delicious: We sat on the beautiful patio with is fun, funky and eclectic and also always dogs. There was a bluegrass band playing who were precious. It almost feels like you arnt in Vegas it has a very la feel to it. They have an option for either bottomless mimosas or bottomless bloodys for $12! We got there at about 2:15 and the brunch ends at 3. I wanted bottomless mimosas and my bf wanted bloodys but our waiter told me that they were almost out of mimosas (come early if you want bottomless mimosas) so we both opted for the bloodys. The bloodys were actually bloody Ceasers when they arrived they were vodka with clamato juice with real clams at the bottom .. Not my thing a little too "seafoody" to drink but my bf loved them. The glass ware here is beautiful and unique A+ to that. I got the Benedict majanco or something like that ($15) - it was fried plantain patties topped with lump crab cakes topped with quail eggs and spicy hollandaise .. DELICIOUS!  My bf got the meat lovers omelette and it was probably one of the best omelets I have ever had, great flavor! Great food overall! I would give it a perfect perfect score but the food portion sizes were a little small for the price you're paying they need an accompaniment like a few potatoes or even some fruit on the side .. Your plate arrives with just that one thing you ordered on the whole big plate.
4	We were meeting friends to see a show at the Cockroach Theater, and Bar + Bistro is just steps away, so they suggested it, though none of us had every been there before.Interesting setup:  booths with art palette tables in the smaller dining room, which are creative but require the agility of a contortionist if you're on the inside, and regular tables in the larger main dining room.  I liked the juxtaposition of art vs industry in the two arrangements, and also being "forced" to walk through the art gallery to use the ladies' room.Our server was very attentive, and came back several times before I could settle on what I wanted to eat.  Hubby and I shared a roasted tomato soup; it was delicious, but I was glad we were sharing it, because I try to stay away from cream soups.  Our friends shared the butternut squash soup.  For as much time as I spent studying the menu, I didn't notice it!  I surely would have ordered it, since it was served in the squash and they got to eat that, too.I had the hot pastrami sandwich on marbled rye, despite the fact that it was advertised with spicy mojo mayo, a travesty in my religion, which decrees it should come with deli mustard. The pastrami was lean, a bit dry (that's because pastrami is SUPPOSED to be fatty), and I didn't notice the mojo mayo.  While I enjoyed it overall, it would have been better if the rye had been grilled.  What I loved was the salad that came with the sandwich - fresh greens, a goodly helping of cubed avocado, and very good citrus dressing which, for once, wasn't too vinegary for my taste.My husband had the chicken club, which he ate with gusto, and though I'm not a big fan of sweet potato fries, his were fabulous, and I pilfered more than one.Our friends shared the paella.  They had no complaints, but if I'd paid 32 bucks for that small portion (which was the entree size), I'd have been very pissed.I was the only one who ordered wine, my usual Riesling, but this one, a California, was too dry for my taste.Overall, a nice meal with good service, and it sure was conveniently located.
1	Snotty staff. Closes earlier than posted hours. Manager sent us to another restaurant that was also closed when we arrived.
2	Service is awful.  The food came out in a very bizarre order.  There were three of us.  My friend Brandon's fries came first.  They were a SIDE.  For his MEAL.  Not the appetizer.  But we all picked at them.  Because we were HUNGRY.   For our APPETIZER.  Next two of our entrees came out.  The third came much later.  Awkward.  THEN alas, our appetizer arrived.  AFTER our entrees. Just ridiculous.  Our bill came before we were finished eating.  We wanted coffee.  So we ordered that.  And then the SECOND bill came.  The food tasted pretty good.  They were not crowded on a Saturday around noon- prime brunch time.  (Which makes even LESS sense about the bizarre service trends.)The area is cute- a little off the beaten path.At this point I am really digging for nice things to say.  So I'll just leave it at: no thank you.
4	Items selected:Plantain Chips with Tomatillo SalsaTostone Bites - Olive Oil Double Fried Plantain Sandwiches, Black Forest Ham, Roasted Pork, Gruyere, Pickles, Mojo Mayo, Citrus Garlic SauceLittle Pollo - Flour Herbed Chicken PiecesDonut Churros with Mexican Hot ChocolateBrioche Flan French Toast - Powdered Sugar, Warm Lemon Agave Syrup, Whipped CreamB+B Pancakes - Sweet Cinnamon Sugar, Roasted Plantains, Warm Maple Syrup, Whipped CreamCangrejo Benedict Mofongo - lump crabmeat, plantain garlic mash, Romesco butter, quail eggLocated in the Arts Factory amidst a number of interesting galleries and stores Bar + Bistro had been on my radar for just under a year when my mother suggested she wanted something 'different' for lunch and with a decidedly unique fusion brunch menu taking notes from Peruvian and Mexican cuisine I couldn't think of a better place...at least until we were seated next to a sixtop of 20-somethings drinking bottomless mimosas and behaving in manners that only served to strengthen my belief that society's best days are long past.  Certainly not one to fault a restaurant based on its clientele despite being subjected to a lengthy delay (and a lack of bread pudding which had sold out the night prior) it should be noted that service was mostly spot on with water and coffee refilled repeatedly as we waited and with a gift of plantain chips as an apology for the wait the meal progressed nicely from there, a half-dozen selections both sweet and savory serving notice to Chef Beni Velazquez's unique talents.  With selections ranging from straight forward fried chicken to impressive savory plantain sandwiches and a truly inspired presentation of crabcakes atop fried, smashed plantains topped with a runny quail egg highlighting the savories it would be difficult to decide which item to order if limited to one but moving on to sweets that decision became far less difficult because as good as the crispy donuts with spicy cinnamon chocolate and supple plantain pancakes were neither could hold a candle to the stack of buttery brioche soaked in custard and cooked till crystalized, a light citrus syrup and fresh blueberries gilding the lily and representing one of the best French Toast preparations in a city...and a strong impetus to return sometime for the bread pudding.
5	My friend and I went here yesterday for the first time.  Not only was out server super sweet, but he bought us a dish off the menu that he thought we would like with out even asking if we needed anything else.  He was genuinely so excited to share this yummy food with us!  You don't find a lot of places like that these days!  Also, the food was delicious!  My friend and I are mostly Vegan and it was easy to order off the menu.  Everything that came out was delicious.  I highly recommend the artichoke appetizer with the sweet chili sauce. YUUUUM!
4	really great food, nice atmosphere and service.  I was with my family, half of them ordered the grilled cheese & tomato soup combo and all really liked it.   my brother got a margarita pizza and was disappointed by the very very thin cracker like crust and lack of sauce.  my dad got a chicken club and loved it.  I had fish tacos and sweet potato fries which were both great.  also, plantains and salsa instead of chips was a nice change and they were verrrry good. overall would recommend for lunch or family dinner, nothing fancy.
4	I love this restaurant. However, it's a hit or a miss on restaurant service. For the most part everything is great! The food offered comes with vegan options, which is great for those friends or family of selective palette. But my favorite part of this place is the bar and the sweet potato fries! Hands down best sangria in town in humble opinion! The lounge area inside has a great ambience and comfortable seating. In the summers, the outdoor seating makes for a great space and relaxing in the cooling of the summer heat.
4	Cost: $17 (w/o tip) Came in and asked for recommendations, got the veggie Spanish omelette as one and decided to order. Also ordered the chocolate milk to replenish my calcium supplies but they were out. Then ordered the half apple/half orange juice and they didn't have apple juice. Finally settled for the typical morning breakfast OJ.The omelette was cheesily tasty, with multiple layers and a generous amount of soft gingers embedded within the layers. Combining this egg concoction with the spicy salsa sauce made it even better.It was a very filling meal, especially with the tall glass of OJ. The service was great. The waiter was friendly and active in attending to all customers' needs. He continually checked in - but thankfully not too often - and was quick in solving any issues. Overall, a tad expensive but highly recommended, would come again.
4	After getting my hair cut, I walked over to meet my boyfriend who was waiting for me to finish with my hair. He was the only one in there at about 6pm on a Saturday night, which seemed strange to me.  He and the bartender, Kyle, were keeping each other company.  Kyle said it usually gets busy later, but instead of opting to stay and have dinner we each just got a drink and then went down to Fremont Street. My bf ordered the "Final Word" because I guess it originated in Detroit, which is where he's from.  I ordered the "Honey Badger" because I love bourbon.  Both drinks were delicious!  We definitely want to go back some night when it's a bit busier and try some of the food.  The menu items look amazing.
3	If you think of this as a bar with good food (love the salmon sliders & dips for fries), then you will be happy. Go to the bar, chill, have some interesting beers, then order food (before 9pm). You will be happy all around!As a restaurant, not so  much. If they just decided to keep it as a bar with food, they'd have a much better overall review.Bartenders are awesome, BTW!!! I've yet to not have a super nice, knowledgeable one, who I couldn't help but tip nicely.  Hooks these folks up, they rock.
4	We visited Bar Bistro for a friend's birthday get together.  It's a really cool place with an artistic vibe, especially since it's located inside the Arts Factory.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back.  They had live music which was enjoyable.  The drinks were good, definitely generous pours.  We ordered the sliders and the 5 Mac n cheese.  Both were delicious. Definitely will be visiting again'
4	The ambience is great but service is one at a time. Order a lot of tapas, 15 mins intervals between each plate. Last plate of mofongo took 20 mins. Food was ok but not wow!
2	The good: it had cute decor and the beers we had were delicious (some kind of pomegranate light beer and a porter).The bad: the service was painfully slow and downright cold. I understand that it's a busy weekend night, but you can at least flash us a smile and maybe get us waters. Also, I know the food is gourmet and all, but my fish tacos (which were somewhere around $14, mind you) came with a teeny, tiny portion of fish the size of my thumb.
3	It gets a 3 star because there was wine.The food was good... When it came. The kitchen was s-l-o-w and they were out of the artichoke appetizer which the chef was kind enough to come out and tell us 20 minutes later. We were with 4 other people and the restaurant wasn't our idea so cutting our losses and leaving wasn't an option.The food was good although I might have liked to be told in advance that there was siracha in the ketchup. Our Cuban sandwich was also pickle and mustard - less which made it more of a ham and grilled cheese.The sweet potato fries were very good. Service was beyond sketchy; our waitress really was trying but the kitchen wasn't cooperating.We were with a fun group and the conversation sparkled( wine) so we weren't too upset with the service but if you are looking for a quick bite you are destined for disappointment.
5	I love Bar + Bistro! I've been there several times and no matter what else I order, I always get the Garlic Pollo - it is delicious!  The service is usually good, and it's a very cute restaurant.
3	Great place for an after church brunch. Ivan our server was just amazing!! He was helpful as we ordered from the menu and gave us great service. The food was delicious.
4	My mom and I had a quick light lunch today here and it was exactly what we were looking for.  Most importantly though, I wanted to mention our wonderful server Ivan.  He was so friendly and personable.  He offered to take our photo and so we took one of him.  The next time you're here be sure to ask for him.  He is an asset to the restaurant without a doubt.  Thank you Ivan for your great service today!
4	Loving the bluegrass brunch!  We've stayed here on the patio long enough to enjoy both the bluegrass and this awesome accordion music.  Bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's are fab.  The food is really good (though they ran out of lots of options by 1:30 so have a backup plan) but the massive downside is that it is no quick adventure. We've been here for 4 hours, it took 45 min to have our order taken, another hour to get the meal and now we've waited at least 45 for our bill.  I think our server left??  Not sure. It's nice that they haven't kicked us out I guess.  Bottom line, plan for an afternoon.  We'll be back because of the great atmosphere.  Service was super nice when we got their attention.
3	I've been here a few times and every time I've been, the service is poor. The servers are friendly; however, they don't seem to have any idea what tables they should be serving.  We ordered brunch this last time and they were out of two of the three things we tried to order. There was barely any follow up and it took us forever to get our check.  We literally thought our server left. On the plus side, the blue grass music and outdoor seating was awesome.
2	I attended the Sunday Brunch with a group of 7 people and have to agree with Lisa M. on the service.The Positive:$12 Bottomless Bloody Caesar's - which were amazing and the glassware was very cool (recycled bottles)Atmosphere - loved the outdoor patio seating and Bluegrass BandDecent menuWaffles were very deliciousThe Negative:We waited over a 1/2 hour to get our food order taken which didn't start off being a big deal because we were enjoying the band and our Bloody Caesars. Once the orders were placed, we waited another 1/2 hour - 45 minutes to get our food. Unfortunately, once the food did come out, my omelet was missing. The server was very apologetic and said she would get it right away. One of my friends who is regular there pointed out the owner and suggested that I let him know what was going on. It was painfully obvious that they were busy as the owner, Wes was also assisting in service. I approached him and very kindly let him know that we love the restaurant and band and are having a great time but that I had to wait exceptionally long for my food and my omelet had still not arrived while my friends had already finished their food. Instead of an apology, his reply was very condescending, telling me that they are obviously slammed, giving the impression that this was acceptable. I didn't feel like ruining my day or his so I told him that I just wanted to bring it to his attention and that he could do what he felt would be best. Being a manager in the hospitality industry, I thought the feedback would actually have been appreciated.I thought the conversation was over but instead Wes, the owner, proceeded to come back to my table and remind me that they held our table for over 45 minutes and that they accommodate us by seating us on the patio basically acting as if they did us some kind of favor. All of this was untrue of course as I know the reservation was made at 12, which we were all on time for and we had booked it for the patio as my friends go there often.#1 - It is not the customers fault that you are understaffed for a busy, Sunday brunch. They have been open long enough to know their business levels#2 - It was completely unprofessional and childish of him to return to the table only to argue further#3 - I didn't receive an actual apology or any indication of empathy. It is all I really needed but instead they've lost a customer over a $9 omelet which wasn't very good to being withIf you do choose to go there, please do not have any expectation of time and do not go hungry because you will be waiting a long time and no one will really care. Otherwise, you will enjoy the drinks, food and the band was amazing.
1	No doubt the hottest mess in downtown. One of the first times I visited, the bar was airing a live episode of the Food Network show Restaurant Stakeout (all about deeply troubled restaurants), and I got to watch the service staff laughing at their horrible depictions on TV. That was about two years ago. Cut to this weekend, a beautiful Sunday morning. What sounds better than brunch while sitting outside? The lady suggests B&B. Although I've been a number of times for dinner, still haven't tried brunch, plus its super close, plus the weather--yes, let's do B&B! We arrive about 11:15, order by 11:45. I need to to leave by 1pm to meet some folks, but we figure there's plenty of time. You know where this is going. We order a Spanish omelet and the B&B Bake and are told something about how the bake takes an extra 5-10 minutes. Fine, no immediate rush. Around minute thirty is when things start to get a little weird, so I mention how "excited" we are for our dishes. Profuse apologies; kitchen's backed up, the usual. Another fifteen minutes later, as the five or six tables that sat down after us are well into their meals, I tell the server we need to get going so either the food has to arrive immediately or we'll have to split. Quick run to the kitchen; profuse apologies; our orders are "the very next ones" at the window. Watch three more orders land at tables around us, and finally around minute sixty we stand up and begin to take our leave. It is almost ten to 1. Naturally, the server is carrying our plates right as we're passing her. She implores us to sit and eat, says the meal will be taken care of. We're starving, so we sit down and eat. Not much point going into great detail about the food. It was bad. The Spanish omelet was overcooked eggs with a few red peppers and a slice of supposedly manchego cheese on top. Slapped on a plate, no accompaniment, no flavor or texture, just a quickly thrown together mess that I am certain took no more than four minutes to execute. The "bake" had more flavor (chorizo, obvi) but was also dry and accompanied by some curiously soggy "salad" involving finely diced tomatoes, lettuce, avocados, beans, and olives. It was weird, disproportionate, heavy, mushy, and made no sense. In other words, it was a lousy experience. The weather was lovely, the bluegrass band, although too loud for talking, was a fun touch, and the packed seating area bustled with merriment. I guess you can get away with a lot on a Sunday morning when the weather's nice and the mimosa and bloody mary taps are wide open. Folks seemed happy. I'd have been one of the happy ones too if I were getting rocked on bottomless booze and time was no issue. Sadly, we were there for the meal in addition to the sun, and the meal was a dumpster fire. I have it on good authority that the reason B&B offers such chronically horrible service is because the kitchen is simply too small to accommodate the amount of diners that the house can accommodate. If that's the case, it's an unfortunate error in the original design, but it can't continue to hobble the entire operation. A restaurant can't thrive if it's constantly apologizing for pissing off its customers. That's a model for failure. They need to radically simplify the menu, or streamline the preparation, or get rid of tables, or hire faster cooks, or knock out some walls and expand the kitchen, or.... I won't come back, at least not for the food. I've eaten here several times and recall a few quite memorable bites. The mac n cheese blew me away the first time I tried it. A few other things have been surprisingly good. But the menu is much like the service--all over the place and wildly inconsistent. B&B is more than the food, though, which is probably why it continues to survive. The location is premiere, right in the heart of the Arts District. The bar offers a brilliant selection of brown spirits and usually friendly service. It's more than a restaurant, it's a hub, and good thing because it wouldn't survive on the food alone.For those of us who live near and/or support the Arts District, B&B is a place to embrace and rally around. It's exactly the kind of thing to want to thrive. But it shouldn't get a free pass on being a restaurant just for being a cool spot in a cool location. Two years ago B&B was laughing at its own bumbling self on TV, and it doesn't seem like much has improved since. Pity.
1	They take forever, and the service is terrible. It is 2 blocks from my house so I would go there out of convenience, but not anymore. The bussers are very attentive, but the servers and bar staff are garbage. Example 1- I asked for the vegan veggie sandwich with cheddar cheese and sweet potato fries. I got a sandwich with no cheese and regular fries. When I asked the server for my sweet potato fries she told me they were out. So.... You're telling me you were out of the item and didn't mention it to me or let me pick my own side?Example 2- champagne brunch. They run out of OJ after 2 glasses and have to "go get more". So we ask for just a glass of champagne to hold us over, and the server tells us no its not just champagne, it's mimosas only. Are you kidding me?!?!I have many more examples, but the bottom line is if you have several hours to waste, and would like F grade service, accompanied by C grade food...this is the place to eat.
1	I too am giving this place a 1 because I can not give a zero! Horrible service and mediocre food that was over priced. The waitress was awful and clueless. The only thing positive I have to say is that the band was great!
5	Have been back and still just as pleased!
4	Great Food with Spanish FlairI originally came here to see a band performing outside.  It is a very interesting venue for music, since it is outdoors, with busy Chuck Blvd. on the south side of the property.  While the band was performing, there was a semi-nude model and artists/other people painting her (or, rather, their vision of her).  Lots of metal and rivets in styling which I like.  More industrial than steampunk.I had the Garlic Pollo & House Fries (tapas menu items) and a Stella.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, tender with good garlic flavor without being overpowering.  The fries were also very solid, rustic planks with a bit of skin on on the tips (wink, wink, nudge, nudge).  Loved the Mojo mayo & spicy ketchup that were served with the fries.The service was great and I talked to a manager and (I think) one of the owners.  They seem to be fun people with an eye towards full entertainment, not just food & drink.I really want to come here for brunch, just gotta wait for my lady to be with.  Short review, but I want to add to this after brunch.
1	30 minutes not even a water! Oh wait (pun intended) not even acknowledgement! How hard is it to say hey be with you in 45 minutes! Waitress walked by 10 times. Guess it was hard. Anyway I'm a local wanted to come here a bunch of times. Talked my friend into then said screw it. Can't tell you about the food never got it. Won't be back.
3	*A Brunch experience*I would have given this spot 4 stars but since my delightful meal was ruined by their terrible service. I went for their brunch special around 12 & there weren't even a lot of people, yet It took one hour to get and pay for the check, my waitress was rude, neglectful, and slow. Oddly enough, the owner of the restaurant happened to be servicing the patrons- filling drinks- helping out-and we still received crappy service. The seating is okay, it's kind of hard to get a table for more than three people, at least in the outside seating. The chairs were not that comfortable. What I did enjoy the most was the live blues/fiddle band/music  that was playing on the bright sunny afternoon that I went. Hands down, the food is amazing. I had the B&B Bake- absolutely delicious baked egg dish, and a zesty side salad, with a unique variety of ingredients. My party had the french toast & spinach omelet, which were also very,very good. They have a bottomless bloody mary/ mimosa brunch special for $12. The menu is definitely not your average breakfast/brunch you can find anywhere. They put a ton of effort to include vegan, fresh, organic foods, with eccentric flavoring. Overall, I'd recommend this place only if the weather is nice outside and you have no where else to be for a few hours.
3	It was my first time here. I'll be honest, when downtown, I tend to go to what I know. But this was a business meeting, and the person I was meeting with is a fan, so I thought...what the heck. It was lunch time, and our meeting was early. Before noon on a weekday, the place was pretty bare (that changed about 12:15). I had a lot of time to glance at the very diverse menu. As a non-meat eater, coming to a place that I was not familiar with is always a gamble. I was pleased with the extensive vegetarian and healthy-ish items. I chose to be a bad vegetarian and got the grilled cheese with a side salad. The grilled cheese was legit. Ranks in my top 3 of local grilled cheeses. I could taste the flavors of the different cheeses and the bread was still crispy and not too oily. The entree also came with a very small espresso cup full of tomato soup. I would have liked to have a larger serving of soup, but it was very flavorful. Though with the cup size, it was difficult to dip (I don't care if it was a business meeting with someone I'd not met before. I dip my grilled cheese. I'd do it at home, in front of my grandmother, or at a business meeting. I have no shame). The salad I got instead of fries (tried to be healthy-ish) was okay. The greens were great, but they surprised me with two different types of olives. I've not had them on a house salad before. The dressing was a bit bland. But the greens really had good flavor. I will go back and perhaps try one of their vegan dishes next time.
4	The donut churros, OMG especially if you're a chocoholic.  Soups were good too.  Sunday's Mimosa's and bloody mary's with live music, you can't go wrong.  Laid back vibe.  Check it out.
1	We came for brunch on a Saturday. It was a really nice day so we dined on the patio.  My boyfriends niece and nephew got their food about 20 minutes. They just ordered eggs, bacon, and toast. We waited a hour for omlettes, and mine was cold. The kids were way done with their breakfast before we even got a first bite of ours.  Our overall service wasn't that bad. My drinks were always full and the server was pretty pleasant.
5	Great place in the heart of downtown. Nice people and friendly atmosphere. The bar has great inside and outside lounge and dining area. This place has a very creative design to it being connected to the restaurant, art gallery and shops. This is a great place for hanging out with friends before or after work and great for public or private functions. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that frequents the downtown area;)
4	We went there for an early dinner before going to the Smith Center. We chose to eat indoors despite it being fairly mild outside (the outside patio ended up being crowded, the indoor eating area was literally empty besides our table). We ordered plantain with shrimp which was quite yummy. We also shared a very thin crust pizza (VERY thin crust) that was excellent. Also had an order of stuffed peppers (good for a vegetarian). That too was outstanding. this is an excellent choice for an informal and fairly inexpensive meal before seeing a show at the Smith Center.
5	I love the twinkle lights in the patio.  It's located right in the arts district with an eclectic group of artists that converse, drink, and eat . I'm addicted to the sweet potato fries, and I always try something new on the menu because the food is very rich in taste and flavor . Spanish flare , that goes well with one of their signature cocktails. Lyndsey , was my server and was on point ! She had a great personality , very accommodating when I kept switching tables. I have always had great service when ever I come for dinner with group or by myself. The atmosphere is very chill, and relaxed. And one more amazing dessert dish is the warm chocolate cake !!! Super delicious !!! I always look forward to coming here !!
3	I had the best Vegan pizza here, it's called the Margherita. My husband had the Cuban Panini. Food was really good. However, there is zero urgency with the waitstaff. I'm also not a fan of restaurants that serve one item to a guest and not having the other dish ready. Nothing I hate more than being the person waiting for their food while others eat. Overall not bad, might try it again but it won't be for a while.
1	If it were based on food alone, I would give this place 4 stars. Unfortunately, based on my 2 experiences there, the staff was so rude and clueless, I have to give it 1 star. Not worth the trip. I came with a medium sized party to celebrate my birthday and our waitress seemed annoyed with us from the second we sat down. We were set to spend a lot of money and therefore, our waitress would be getting a big tip but she seemed to discourage us from anything that would require work. I. E. We ordered bottles of wine and she said, well, we're out of wine glasses. Ok. Well, we're easy, we'll drink out of anything. She rolls her eyes. Then they were out of several items. When she finally came around to get our order it took close to an hour to get our food. Mind you, there were only about 3 other tables there. She never apologized or offered anything to us. When we asked to speak to a manager, we were told that the owner was out of town and the manager had gone home for the day. No manager on at all? Terrible. Given that a majority of us had worked in the restaurant industry before, we STILL gave her a 20 percent tip and she never even thanked us. Gave it one more try months later and the waitress who "greeted us" told us they were closed, even though their website clearly said different. They were either slow and just decided to close 2 hours early or you need to update your website. We're locals and all around town, this place has a terrible reputation. Go elsewhere.
1	Overall a really bad dining experience. Went here with a couple friends specifically for bluegrass brunch. The host sat us outside, despite the band playing inside, at a bar table that was covered in dust and cigarette ashes. After 20 minutes with no server, one of us went in to ask. a waitress came out, wiped down the table, and took our order. Our food came out at completely different times and the server didn't know which order was which. Two of us were completely finished eating before the final order came out. Food was not awful but was really bland and way overpriced. The glasses are made out of cut glass beer bottles which could be cool but mine was cracked around the rim which was dangerous. Some woman had her dogs sitting directly on top of another table, which was gross. Several people came out of the bar and lit up cigarettes directly beside out table. Gross. The dust blowing off the vacant lot next door kept coating our table which made finishing our meals impossible. And again, gross. Our waitress was friendly but totally inattentive. Maybe it was more crowded than normal inside. The whole experience called to mind visiting a little brother's frat house on banquet night or something. The reality of a scummy dive patio masquerading as fancy brunch. Most of this probably would have been much better inside...looked nicer in there. Patio was a giant disappointment. No way we will ever go back.
3	If you have picky friends! DO NOT GO HERE! My gosh, I went with a group of 9-10 people and only about 2 of us were satisfied. I enjoyed the ambience and the food was okay. I ordered the Carne Omelette and it was good for the most part. Although their brunch menu is somewhat small. My friends were not satisfied with the food selection. They said a lot of the things on the menu we could make at home. Which is true, but I thought they were being irrational. So if you ask my friends they would say don't go for brunch. If you ask me, I'd say check it out, food is good. You just have to be willing to try something different. Their drinks although aren't all that great. I ordered a Bloody Mary and I had to switch it out because it was to much tomato flavored and then a strong unappealing alcohol. Then I tried their Mimosa and for the price it was not worth it. Service was overall alright. I could say that the food took too long to come out and the check as well took FOREVER. The longer I wait to pay the less of a tip I give. It's annoying, in my opinion. If you want food that resembles food you can make at home (and maybe even better) then check it out. But if not I would just try elsewhere.
4	I always enjoy myself at this place especially during First Friday at times they have girls who dance with fire and they also have a poetry night. As for the bartenders it's alway hit or miss but I  like the atmosphere so I'll be coming back.
3	I've been here several times. It's a cool little place to eat that's tucked into the Arts District.The food is good, the vibe fun, the service slower than molasses.
4	This is a cute and fun spot for brunch. They have a live bluegrass band! (Note: The band stopped performing about 1.5 hours or so before the end brunch.) There's plenty of options on the brunch menu. And there's unlimited bloody marys and mimosas. Who doesn't love unlimited drinks? Service is good. Prices are decent. Lots of unique items. And everything we had was delicious. We will definitely be back.
1	Unfortunately not a great 1st visit here. I have a friend who loves this place! I wasn't impressed!!! 3-4 people behind the bar, not very busy & it took about 20 minutes to get a drink. Then a guy who worked there was very rude when a few of us were accidentally in his way & hollered @ us & I said "excuse us& he says "it's a business!!" I told him that didn't mean he needed to be rude! How unprofessional!!!! He shouldn't work there if he's that unhappy there to be so aggressive with paying customers. I won't go back nor recommend this place!
4	Tasty and Easy to Find (facing Charleston Blvd.) in the Arts Factory Building.They even have patio seating.Went here for lunch... mid-week around 1pm.It was not super crowded but they had several tables enjoying lunch... some were singles and some were groups.  So, this looks like it might be a good spot for business folks looking for a nice lunch out of the office (if you have the time to take a longer-ish lunch.)Service wasn't lightning fast so don't expect to get in and out in like 40 minutes.But the servers are super friendly as is the manager who stopped by each table to chat and see how everyone was doing. Mom had the fish tacos... and at first glass they looked small... but it was like the fish and the tortillas and the slaw and salsa kept multiplying on her plate because it seemed like she kept eating and eating.  She was satisfied when she was done.I had the Latin Chicken Salad... Yummm-o!  It had: cabbage, jicama, piquillo peppers, pumpkin seeds, avocado, Manchego cheese, plantain chips, chimichurri honey dressing.  The dressing was Awesome!  A little bit of sweetness with a little bit of kick and tang.  And pumpkin seeds... this really adds a new dimension to a salad... I need to pick some up for salads at home and just start tossing them in to "change it up".Oh!  And the Sweet Potato fries were fantastic... not just plain or limp sweet potato fries like some places.  These had a little kick of a seasoning on them... I don't remember what it was on them but I really liked it... some sort of Latin spice.
1	The worst watered down drinks ever. Bad food. Super expensive. Super lame service. Ugly people. Nice location.
5	My favorite place to eat in town ! Love the unique variety. I love the tostones , the Vega tacos, stuffed peppers... The cheesecake !!! I am also Gluten Free & Vegetarian . My husband loves the Garlic Chicken & the fried artichoke . The drinks are great too! Not in best part of town , but super cute inside! Always enjoy all the art.  BTW , the server Sean is awesome!
2	I don't like to give a poor review, but I'm hoping that maybe they will fix the problem because this place has SUCH potential. Went for Brunch and was excited about the atmosphere and the nicely priced bottomless mimosas, and fun music on the outdoor patio. However a couple of problems:1) Totally not enough staff. They need at least a couple more people to give better service, as well as some Bussers as they ran out of glassware and were giving paper cups for water. Plus the stations looked really trashed once people started to vacate. 2) The menu online is NOT the menu you get when you arrive. I had the Spanish Omelette which was apparently ala carte but online it stated it came with sides. Plus for $14.00 I didnt feel the omelette was even large enough, especially just to have that on the plate. A couple people left when we were there because no one greeted them. It is a great place that I would want to take a large group to, however not with the service the way it is. They were never on a wait which I'm sure is attributed to the staffing quality. Such potential...please fix your Sunday Brunch as I would love to be a regular guest!!
4	Great and unique place for brunch on a late-Sunday morning! Came here as a suggestion from my friend who wanted the brunch atmosphere with the bluegrass music spin. Parking was a bit rough in the area and we ended up parking in a loading zone, but other people were parked there and it was a Sunday. Luckily our car was still there later :DI had the french toast - it was served with the syrup already poured on and not too sweet. I liked how the bread pieces weren't too thick and it was the perfect balance of fluffy and crispy. We also ordered the house fries that come with tasty takes on mayo and ketchup (slightly spicy). The fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. My husband had the quiche which he claims to be the best quiche he's ever had (topping Bouchon's even - but not sure if I'd personally go that far). The rest of our party really enjoyed their entree choices and a few of us got the bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $12. They even let one of our friends change between both drinks. They are very generous with their mimosa pours and even when I told them I was good after 2 cups, one of our servers encouraged me to just have a little more! They did run out of champagne and switched to bottomless white wine sangria, which I unfortunately didn't have room for. One of the proprietors came to talk to us and was super sweet and wanted to make sure we were happy with everything. I'll definitely be back for the sangria and all the entrees that got me hooked!
4	This place is super cute and the Sunday Brunch with the Bluegrass band outside is awesome! Adjust your expectation though, if you are going for fast attentive waitstaff, then This IS Not the place. You go here for the atmosphere and to hear the band, the staff and kitchen couldn't be slower.
1	This is my second visit to this place. The food was mediocre, the drinks were worst. Came here for the second time on first fridays. It took so long to get a drink here. The managers need to focus on customer services more than anything. The outdoor seating is a little torn up. Unlikely I would return. I see why the health department closed down this place before. There are better bars and places to chill nearby that are cleaner and are more attentive.
5	Fantastic! Had the Pig, Pork, Cow burger. It was so tasty. Ivan was wonderful. He makes a great Bloody Mary!
5	Awesome patio!  Our server was hilarious!  I started with a delicious ginger cocktail.  For dinner, I had the spiced salmon salad with sugary spiced crunchy nuts and ricotta.  Fabulous!  My friend had the chocolate cake.  I smelled the delicious cocoa-ness from across the table!  I am getting that next time!
2	Just at the corner of the art district, the bistro is a small restaurant right off of charleston. The outside patio makes for a nice touch but the view isnt all that great. Parking isnt very spacious and you will most likely have to park across at the bar over in their half dirt half broken asphalt lot. The interior is mediocre at best and isnt all that impressive. The tables are designed as giant painter pallets which is a nifty touch. Food is a bit overpriced: 6$ for a single slider or $16 for 3, and other various dishes, around $12 for tapas, $10 for soups or salads, and $25 for entree. For this price you can get a more fancy atmosphere and sophisticated meal else where but it is not a bad place to stop if you have a lot of money and dont feel like traveling an extra 3 miles outside of the art district of down town i suppose. I dont think I will ever be back here again. In short: over priced not all that great food, parking is horrible, sketchy side of town, small average atmosphere with the exception of the pallet tables and equally overpriced $500 no name art pieces for sale hanging on the walls, and menu with no personality. I do not recommended.
5	I've been here twice and had a great experience both times! The first time was a Friday night - I hung out at the bar, talked to the bartender and met a few awesome people. The second time, I brought my dog and husband for Sunday brunch and bluegrass. Both times the food was great and staff was friendly.
4	we enjoy this place.  it's outdoors (really, not under a painted sky) so it's a little on the gritty side but it reminds us of a typical outdoor cafe in NYC.  on a hot day it's fun to relax with an iced sangria and a few appetizers like the 5 cheese mac, grilled fish tacos, mofongo, or cubano panini.  we keep coming back.
4	Pretty tasty :) The server Ivan was great. Affordable and would recommend. Brunch is only on weekends :( But the lunch was still really good. Also, it's in a realllyyyy cool building, so you might want to get your explorer on.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Let's start off with the fact that their Coke glasses are made from cut beer bottles there candleholders are made from cut vodka bottles and their water glasses are made from cut wine bottles so so cute.  The food is simply amazing. I don't eat bananas but when you order their artichoke dip it comes with plantain chips these are the only people that have ever gotten me to eat bananas.  Their French onion soup, salad their desserts they're small plates everything is fantastic
5	This place is awesome! my roommate and i go here all the time because the food is great and the staff is always extremely friendly (we love Ivan). I particularly like this place because it is one of the few that i know of that offers tasty vegan options. If you visit bar + bistro don't forget to walk around and check out the art throughout the building. Its pretty cool and unlike any other restaurant in Vegas!
5	Never a disappointment (: The staff is beyond compare, and the food is exquisite! I suggest the sliders!
3	I went for Sunday brunch. The patio was full so I would recommend making reservations for larger parties if you plan to have brunch on the patio while a band is playing. The ambience is very nice and relaxing. I would advise against wearing heels though. I was in wedges and found it very difficult to walk on their uneven flooring. Our server was amazing. He made suggestions of his favorite menu items and was very attentive. If you are starving, you will need to order more than one menu item. This restaurant serves very...how do you put it...healthy-sized portions of food. I'm tiny and I needed 2 things. Each dish runs about $15 unless you order just bacon, toast or cornbread. Then it's about $6. The food is rather tasty, but it wasn't $30-tasty. They also have bottomless mimosas and bloody mary though during brunch so it is worth the $$$ if you plan to have a Sunday Funday.
3	Fun hipster like atmosphere ( lights made of drink bottles, a road sign for a table, etc) but the food and drinks were meh. We got the pork tacos, mac and cheese, some breaded chicken plate, and the fries. the only thing that was particularly stand out were the prok tacos with mango and jicama slaw. the breaded chicken was super average, tasted lemony and buttery and garlicky, but no real cohesion to the dish. the fries were, well fries. Nothing to write home about. The mac and cheese was okay, not particularly memorable, but i liked it bc well it was mac and cheese. probably won't be back, a ton of other places to hit up around here, and many other opportunities to pay extra for tiny plates of boug-ie food.
1	Horrible.  Indoor seating is inadequate & uncomfortable.  Be perpared to eat outside.  What killed it all was the service.   I was there for an hour and received only one drink, not for a lack of requesting.  Seems the bartender was too busy talking to her regular crowd of hipsters to tend to my uncool self and friend.  Therefore, the food arrived ICE COLD.  Mmmm, nothing like cold, coagulated, soggy pizza!  Guess I shouldve chatted her up if I wanted a decent meal.  Never again and I would never recommend it to anyone, regardless of their hipster status.
3	Since I've been living in the Art Districts since the beginning of this month I've decided to eat around my hood. So on this gloomy Sunday I went to Bar + Bistro. Didn't know this place was next to Artiface and other bars so that's a good thing and they have decent parking as well. I had calamari, white chocolate bread pudding and the plantain with artichoke dip. The calamari had two ways it can be made and we chose tempura style. I'm a very big fan of calamari and this wasn't the greatest. It had some chili type sauce at the bottom. The plantains with the artichoke dip on the other hand was great but the best part was the white chocolate bread pudding. It was moist and warm. I put the vanilla ice cream right on top can murdered it! LOL
5	First of all, we were looking for another place and ended up asking for directions here but stayed and what a find! Lyndsie our waitress was fantastic! The food was fresh and delish! Bottomless mimosas for $12 (a bargain for us!) If this wasn't enough, the great bluegrass music we were hearing was live, just in the next room! This place is in the art district and has local art work on the walls as well. Came here with a great famous chef and we were all impressed! Will be back!
5	This place is conveniently located on the corner of E.Charleston and S.Casino Center and has an amazing Happy Hour! Paired with that is their Monday Night Karaoke with Shiela DelMonte! It starts at 7pm and during karaoke they have a drink special, House Wine and Draft Beer Special for only $5!!!!
1	The food at least used to be good ... Now they changed ownership. Weird service remains but good food doesn't ...
2	Ok I have to update... Took another forever to get our bill back and it was the wrong freakin bill.  Whatever.  It was the same ish cost so we finally paid and are leaving 5 hours later.
1	We are here in the bar area for karaoke, wondering why there are children here. The karaoke DJ is great such a joy. "Little" Tony (whatever his position is manager owner whatever) watch what you say where guest can hear you. Saying "I have to wait for 18 people, obviously she forgets who pays her" Your jerk comment about the DJ is the reason we will not be spending another dime on anymore drinks or food here. You owe her an apology.   We are here because of her not because of your food or drinks. Remember your guests come first not you. And get your kids (around age 10) out of the bar!
5	Food was excellent. I had the BLT-A with side salad and dressing that came with it and it was unbelievable . Service and attitude of waiters was helpful and prompt . I'll be back.
5	I love this place. Innovative food. Great bar. What more can you ask? Ok, vibe and ambience are killer. The happy hour is great as is the very reasonably priced happy hour menu.  Excellent food and flavors. Impressed!
4	Bar and Bistro offers dinner and an art gallery.  It's the perfect date night spot!  At this downtown gem, eat dessert first.  I opted for  s'mores that are entirely made from scratch!  Most vegetarian options are scrumptious.  The patron next to me was raving about his burger.  Skip the vegetarian paella.  My daughter and husband loved the grilled cheese and tomato soup.
5	One of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Vegas. Also, my go-to for company department lunches. Very laid back vibe, and lots of fun artwork to look at. I love the plantain chips. It's featured in many of their dishes. Also-the mini grilled cheeses with the tomato bisque is FANTASTIC. All the salads are delicious-so you can't really go wrong if you're going to order any of those. The sangria is fantastic as well.
4	My visit was so much better this time around. Had a great time. The food was good. Kevin was the bartender tonight. He is amazing, very helpful with my drink selection. (the sangria with champaign) Looking forward to the next karaoke. evening.
1	Always bad service with worse food. Being a local now, we have tried the place out a few times over the past two years. Consistently bad. Go to Mingo right next door in Art Square!
5	Good god, please order the fish tacos.  Best I've ever had.
4	I was here for brunch and it did not disappoint. The crab Benedict, 4 cheese quiche, and chile rellenos were top notch. Mimosas were good too!
5	Food and decor are amazing. Great selection of unique and tasty tapas. Attached is a comic store and art gallery that are fun to check out while you wait for your food.
5	Great bar, great food, friendly bartenders in the heart of old Las Vegas downtown. You just can't beat that! I love this place!
4	a good eatery in the middle of art galaries
1	What happened? This is/was one of our FAVORITES in Las Vegas and always bring friends here. We stopped in last night around 8:00 and it was empty and we litterally had to hunt down someone to get us cocktails. Then find someone for a menu. Then find someone to take our order...food was very bland. Soup cold. Pizza so-so. By the end of our meal around 10:00 we were literally the only people there on a Satuirday night. What's the deal? I want to love this place again but wondering if everyone knows something I don't since it was a ghostown. Please please respond and give us a reason to come back!!
4	Funky artsy place with gr8 ambience and a creative menu.  Don't go there hungry.  Portions are small, service is erratic but friendly, and music can be noisy but w/good stereo.  Nice patio dining and next to The Arts Factory.  This location has had restaurant s come and go.  I hope this one stays.  Vegan friendly w/gr8 brunch menu.
5	Wonderful service & consistently great food. The staff is very attentive and will go out of their way to make something right. Even if it's your fault. I ordered a cocktail that was way different than I expected & in turn didn't care for it. No worries, they took it off without even asking or suggesting!
5	My room mate and I had only been here one other time but it was such a perfect experience we HAD to come back! No better time to return then when my Dad came to town to visit. The 3 of us LOVE and LIVE to brunch and I had been telling him how outstanding this place was. Shawn was our server and he was friendly, accommodating and included himself in our conversations. They were nice enough to let us order off of the full menu as well as the brunch menu (apparently something they don't always allow). I got the steak Cobb salad and it was flawless. The steak was cooked perfectly and the dressings were delicious. We also tried the chile rellenos (which are gluten free and vegan!!!) and it was one of the best dishes I've ever tasted. Thanks for a great time Bar Bistro!!
4	I really enjoy the food in this place, but the service is horrible,  that is the only thing the stops me from coming back, management needs to do something about it. This is  a great spot for food and drinks in old Las Vegas, next to awesome art galleries. Everything is perfect but the service, it would be sad if they close for that reason.
4	A cool spot for lunch outside on a sunny day. Fried chicken tapas and Cuban sandwich sliders were served hot and were flavorful, amazing and the drink was great. A divey ambiance (which I like) and easy from the 15 on and off. A gem of a find!
5	Friendly staff, cool vibe, easy parking, live bands, yummy food, fairly priced for food and drinks and generous portions.
5	went here last week with friends & it was amazing. had a gr8 time. great food, great drinks, excellent atmosphere, and awesome time. i would like to bring my husband here for date night.
4	Let me just say ---- CHICKEN CHOPPED SALAD forever! This salad is so flavorful and I just am just a big fan of this. As far as customer service, they are on point with communicated where our food is because a lot of the times, it always differs with the time we wait for our food for some reason. Sometimes they are way on point with time, and other times we can be waiting super long but they compensate with giving plantains to munch on. Thats the only downside. The staff is always friendly!
4	The new management has turned this place around.  The quality of the food has gone up and the bartenders serve the drinks in a timely manner.  I'm happy with the new path this place has gone.  A few years ago I wouldn't have dropped a dollar in that joint but the advancements have me coming back time after time.  One of my favorite days there is the Blue Grass Sunday Brunch.  I'm fed well and my ears are pleased with music I don't tend to like but for some reason it sounds good down there.
5	Just had my bday there with about 30 peeps.  The waitress did a good job with our party and was super nice about giving us extra plates and forks for our dessert that we brought ourselves.  ( You gotta tell them in advanced if you need 30 dessert plates)I loved the vegan options.  I had the veggie burger and regular fries and it was very tasty.  I think they put a little spice in the ketchup, but I didn't mind it.  It made my burger taste even better.I'm definitely gonna give this place another try and try other vegan options... it's nice that we don't have to pay extra for vegan cheese or vegan options.
4	I've visited three times, once for drinks, another time for dinner with a friend, and another time for lunch with a friend.  The food is creatively designed, artfully presented, fairly priced, and tasty!  The service is friendly, attentive, caring, knowledgable, skilled and unobtrusive.  I will definitely be back!
5	I love everything about this place. I always enjoy the food. Best salmon burger I've ever had in my life and the tomato soup is phenomenal! My 6 year old son and I love have brunch dates together here regularly. The ambiance is trendy, urban and organic. The service is friendly, and for the quality of the food, it's fast. Highly recommend taking a trip to #DTLV, doing some shopping in the local shops and stopping at Bar+Bistro for a great meal.
4	Yum! Grilled cheese with tomato soup and sweet potato fries!  The fish tacos are also great plus they have yummy vegetarian and vegan options.  If you have the time to chill the food and the atmosphere are totally worth it.  If quickness is a concern for you, service while sitting at the bar tends to be a little faster.The outside patio is nice, the bartenders are friendly and they make great drinks.  Extra bonus: It's in the Arts Factory so if you go at a time when the galleries are open you can see some good art, too.Extra extra bonus: There's a yoga studio in the building so you can do yoga first (donation based) then eat dinner. Extra Extra Extra bonus:  The Cockroach Theater is across the street so you can get dinner then go see a play.
