3	Nice sports bar and great wait staff.  Food is very good.  The steak sandwich is a great cut of meat.  The grilled wings are also fantastic.  I especially like the fact they have free Wi-Fi.  What is disheartening is the smoke.  Like most of NC eating establishments the bar area is filled with smokers.  The air handles do a decent job, but your clothes still smell in the suitcase when you get home.  Also, the liquor is a bit pricey so if you can bribe the bartender you get a better deal.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  But don't expect to eat on the cheap.  Choose carefully and you will do fine.  I will give it 4 stars when they make it smoke free.
3	Big Screens and Bigger screens, great location and decent food.Located right off Harris Blvd @ I-77 near North Park Mall this place is a great stop for good Pub Grub.The Turkey Club is excellent and the Super Nachos are a meal for four or more.You want to go here on game day to watch the Panthers. You can enjoy the view from many Plasmas or the huge Big Screen.They do serve Guinness but the day I went there was a problem with the tap so I had to settle for the Fat Tire....meh...
3	The hubby and I went here to meet a large group.  They were easily able to accomodate our group at a super long pub table.  The inside of the restaurant seemed huge and the atmosphere was nice for a sports bar.  They have a pretty decent menu.  I ended up getting the smothered chicken with sweet potato fries.  My food was really good.  The sweet potato fries are pretty amazing because they drizzle some kind of sweet honey butter sauce on top.  The service was just ok, nothing outstanding.  Sadly the one thing that stands out to me for this restaurant was the sea salt hand moisturizer in the bathroom.  This stuff was amazing and left my hands nice and smooth after visiting the restroom.  They actually sell jars of the moisturizer at the hostess station but I couldn't justify spending $25 dollars for it.  I'll definitely be back to this restaurant to give it another try.
2	Big screens? Check. Novelty sports memorabilia on the walls? Check. Giant booths suitable for big crowds? Check. Ability to make a decent burger? ............. Hickory Tavern is one of those places that is all for show, with a no-go on good food. Ordered a Honey BBQ burger, and the waitress and the courtesy to ask me how I wanted it cooked. Apparently the chef didn't feel like obliging her, and sent me out a well-done burger instead. Apparently a Honey BBQ burger is a regular burger, with a side of honey mustard and a side of bbq sauce. Looking at them, I was skeptical to mix them on my burger, so after experimenting on my plate I did discover that no, sweet and spicy honey mustard and smoky bbq sauce do not create a favorable taste once mixed together. En short, I could have just gotten a regular burger.I was delighted that instead of just fries or chips, I could get a side of steamed vegetables. Unfortunately, they were soggy and completely tasteless except for a twist of pepper and a sad attempt at a garlic chunk at the bottom for flavoring. The person I was with got the teriyaki chicken burger, and while the chicken was very moist and well cooked, this thing must have been marinating for a hell of a long time. The teriyaki flavor was almost overwhelming, and extremely salty. Maybe their more expensive meals are made with more care. But if you advertise yourself as a sports tavern and you can't make a good burger, that is a complete out for me. There are plenty of local places where you can watch the game that are cozier, more personable, and know how to actually make a burger to a customer's specifications. For two people, I wouldn't waste your time on this place.Er, the Woodchuck was good.
3	Stay away from the oysters.  The steaks are not bad (you can do better).  The staff are somewhat friendly, but they mean well.  All in all, if you're ever in Charlotte and you don't get a chance to go here, no worries.  My only suggestion is to go here when you need to meet up with large groups...
2	This place is right around the corner from work so a lot of my coworkers have deemed it the Friday Happy Hour location.The service was alright, they always have 3 ESPN channels on, and their beer selection is mediocre.Super uncool: my beer glass was incredibly not clean. How does a bartender not look at the glass before pouring a drink? It makes me cringe thinking about it.I would set this place to a 3 stars, but the glass thing (a week later!) still makes me cringe.
4	Great place to watch the games (epecially during footbal season).  Wings are some of the best in town...Most everytthing though a bit pricey for what you get.
2	This place was alright, my buddy and I went looking for a good meal and a couple beers and found an ok meal w/ nothing special behind the bar. I don't think i'll be going back to any of the chains. Pricing was about in line w/ what we got quality wise.
3	Hickory Tavern is a small but growing chain in the North Carolina.  Serving dependable bar food with a great beer list, I can see why it's gaining popularity.  They brand themselves as a steaks and oysters place, but they are really a sports bar basically (a tastefully decorated one though with minimal tschotkes).  And a biggie for us, they were open Christmas Eve.  This location is relatively new and has a large, airy atmosphere with high ceilings and tons of TVs.  I've been to the Pinehurst location before, and ordered the same meal at both locations, the delicious Carolina burger.  As anyone that knows me knows, the best condiment for a burger is more meat.  The Carolina burger offers that meaty condiment in the form of chili paired with mustard.  The burger is above average (mostly due to only having two options for temperature, medium well or well done - they may as well ask if I want my burger bone dry or burned), but the fries steal the show - in between steak and shoestring in size, they were cooked perfectly.  They also have 1554 (in addition to Fat Tire), which helps soothe my New Belgium beer cravings.  I can imagine this place being great to watch NFL games on Sundays.All in all, you can't really go wrong with Hickory Tavern - dependable food in a low key atmosphere with good beer.  Things could be much worse in life.  Now to get Red Oak onto the Hickory Tavern taps, and 1554 onto other restaurants taps.
3	I went to this location to eat one evening.  The waitress was great the food was okay.  I prefer the Arbors or Gastonia locations.  However, each is consistent in the staff is very friendly.
2	Food okay, great tv watching and service can use some help. Overall not bad and would visit again but more with sports watching and not just dinner.
2	Having never been to a Hickory Tavern before but having been to Hickory, NC let's just say I didn't have big expectations. Yes I know they're not related but that's what happens when you name yourself after what I would refer to as an oasis of parking space. Seriously have you been to Hickory before? Tiny stores with gigantic parking lots for such a small town! If they ever have a population boom and everyone moves there, they'll be ready! Anyways back on topic to the actual tavern.It's a sporty place, TVs everywhere, sports stuff and other things. The food was average bar food. I went on a Wednesday night which turned out to be music trivia night and 50 cent wings night. Alright lets go for the wings then! The hard part is actually getting the waitress's attention to get the wings. Seriously I thought I'd have to tackle her down to put in an order, but I'd probably tackle the wrong one. They all looked similar to me and I asked around the table and no one could remember what our waitress looked like either. After a good while we finally got our orders placed in and wings in front of us. I was just disappointed with my wings. So sad I had ordered a medium spice level on my wings which apparently translates to nonexistent and the sweet Asian glaze that I had selected really needed some heat to balance it out. A quick dunk into the blue cheese dip was a handy solution.We won trivia night and got a $25 gift card yay! But I don't know about how I feel about coming back here for horribly slow service even if the food is ridiculously cheap.
3	I agree with David. Tons of TV with all the games on. Good bar food. Nice open atmosphere. A beer list that rivals that of any bar I have been to.
5	I'm surprised to see all the reviews mentioning slow/bad service. I've always had great service here, even when the place was fairly busy. I don't often go on NFL Sundays or for real big sporting events, so maybe that's the tough time. Food is mostly good in my opinion. Nothing incredibly special, but I have always gotten what I expected! I will continue to visit fairly regularly.
3	Lots of TV's and lots of beer choices. Average food.
5	When I visit a restaurant, select a dish of my preference, and the dish arrives hot and tasty, I am a happy camper.  My selection was the Seafood Bayou with tilapia and shrimp both grilled to perfection.  The steaming hot entree was served over Tavern Rice with a side of fresh fruit that was absolutely delicious.  Being in a Tavern, I had to order something to drink.  I opted for the hard apple cider which tasted pretty much like an apple martini with a bit less punch.  It was quite tasty and I had to remind myself to sip rather than drink!  For dessert, the chocolate cake sounded delicious but I could not stuff any more into my mouth.  Although I drive by regularly, I had forgotten Hickory Tavern was at this location.  I enjoyed my meal and anxiously look forward to my next visit.  This lunchtime visit was superb.  I almost forgot to talk about the sweet potato fries!  They are fabulous with honey drizzled on top (or you can have it on the side)!  If you are not afraid of something that tastes good, give them a try.NOTE:  Since the hubs and I had the kids with us, an evening meal in a Tavern would have been out of the question.
3	The location at WT Harris and Statesville Road is like the cafeteria for our office staff.  I'm in there at least twice a week. Had lunch there today in fact.Good enough beer list, good enough food, good enough service so we keep coming back.  Mostly because it's accross the street from the office and therefore really handy for lunch or after work.  Oyster night (Thursdays) is a great deal.  Pint night on Tuesdays is great too.
4	I have gone to two different Hickory Taverns within the last 3 weeks.  Not much different.  Big screens, TVs...a bar, and a decent menu.  The atmosphere was quiet during the day visit for lunch.  The night trip was also quiet...not too busy.  Service was typical for a bar restaurant.  The servers have to wait multiple tables....so not much interaction.   The food, especially the sweet potato fries, that were drizzled with honey and butter was good.  I ordered a salad with chicken.  I was surprised that the grilled chicken came out on the salad very cold....as if it was removed from freezer.  However the server was very quick to get a fresh salad topped with a very nicely grilled, chicken breast.  very good.  The other thing that provided the "bar" feel at one of the restaurants....was ordering bottled drinks (beers and coolers) and not being offerred a frosted mug or glass.  I thought that was fairly standard.  Should not have to ask...should have been offered.  I will return....with family and friends to see how larger crowds are handled.  good locations and good parking.
2	Decent place for apps and standard  American bar fare.  Not a huge fan of this type of food, but if that's what you like, they do a good job.Chicken fingers, fries and dipping sauces.  Tasty, but not great for cholesterol levels.  Mid-to-lower-mid price hangout joint / bar area.  Staff has always been friendly.  Don't see a lot of managers; but, that doesn't seem to have made a difference in a negative way.  Wait personnel, greeters, etc., all young. . .but nice.
4	Always an awesome place to meet and hang out w/ friends for a good time.  The food is fantastic for what is really primarily a bar....go for the fish tacos!!
5	We went there in a game night, so there was some brutal noise, but we didn't mind =) "An Asian girl" was our waitress. She was very helpful, very kind and when she noticed we were out of States, she begun to articulate more, thanks for that! Well, food was very good, service was excellent, wine was cheap, game night was actually also kind of fun.Next night we went back and I asked our new waitress what is "grits". She didn't know how to explain so she got me sample from kitchen!If you go there, ask what is days vegetable :)
3	I recently stopped by to celebrate a birthday with a group of 7 and our waitress was great. We had several orders with various changes and all of our orders were correct.When we arrived for our 6pm dinner and the dining room had a lot of availability; however, within the hour, the tables filled up due to the games that were on that evening.Great location with meeting people, with easy find.-Wally
3	Fun place to bring a group of soccer players. Lots of TVs and good atmosphere. It took a while to get our food, but it was 8pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed. The tavern chips are excellent. The California chicken sandwich was good but the bun was so soggy I couldn't pick it up - had to use a knife and fork.
3	Its a chain restaurant.  Consistent with their other restuarants, this place offers a sports bar ambience. Family friendly and typical burger, chicken wing and 200+ beer selection.The food came out right, nothing to be surprised , its standard bar type food. The beer was cold, the TV's are all  working.  I am glad to say that , when the food is not the focus, they did a good job with service. Our servers, 2 of them, was quick, friendly and happy.  We also tried their oysters here and its the standard gulf oysters.
5	I see there are a lot of this in the Charlotte area, and I can't speak for those, but I loved this place.  It was just a little pricey, but I really enjoyed the food, and the beverages.  The service would have received the Gold Star, except the server forgot to bring the tea we ordered.  We went to this place because it was near our hotel, and the hotel actually gave us a coupon for 10% off.  I'm glad we took them up on their offer.  They had a Garden Burger that was as good as the one at Red Robin, and I believe that is the best I've ever eaten.  It did not, however, come with the bottomless fries offered at Red Robin.  The fries on this one looked bad, but actually were pretty good.  They were good enough for us to order more.  The meal was excellent, really hit the spot, and, except for that one noted glitch, the service was great.  I also enjoyed an alcoholic beverage since there were no liquor stores in the area.  I had a "Tennessee Lemonade," or something like that, with whiskey in a lemonade type drink.  I loved it.  I had two, even though they were kind of pricey for my budget.  This place reminded me of the Yardhouse in Lakewood, CO, or any higher level sports bar.  Good food, and good service, but it costs a little bit more.  This place would be fine and perfect for entertaining family on the way through town, or for watching any sport on the big screen TV.
1	The female bartender is extremely rude.  The customer next to me waited 10 minutes to even be greeted, and them he said "ma'am", and she turned her back to him and put her hand up.  I haven't even tried the food, but there is no excuse for poor customer service.
3	The salad I got wasn't bad. Just super small. I think it was the fiesta salad. It came in a small bowl. Thought its be bigger. The chicken that came with it was about 3 fingers big. And well say it was Girly fingers. Haha very small pieces. Thought there would be more chicken. Panera Bread has the same salad for way cheaper and the portion is way bigger. When it comes to dinner time, they shouldn't serve lunch sized portions to hungry ppl.
4	Ate this twice while in the city. I was told this is a go to spot to watch the game. Food was good and the menu was very decent. I'm a picky eater and was able to find something here.
5	How come the rating is so low??? How can you not love this bar???!!! They always have a great beer selection and awesome monthly drink specials.  The new food truck menu is amazing (reminds me of home) and the shrimp and grits are to die for. Seriously! If I was on death row hickory tavern shrimp and grits would be my last meal.
4	Eaten here 4 times now. Get tuna on salad!  It's worth the $6!!Nice, classy place to enjoy a meal with a bar and pool table option. I think it's a local chain. Really good food too with vegetarian-friendly options
4	Great Sandwiches!  THE BEST Sweet Potato fries (with honey butter)!!!  Draft Beer specials on Thursday...we love to go get our 16oz Blue Moons and unwind.  The service is outstanding and always on time. Will definitely be back soon, especially since I live walking distance.
1	I've been to Hickory Tavern 3 times now.  All 3 times, during lunch.1st time @ Mallard Creek - 2 people - build your own salad.  Impressive and thoughtful menu item.  Great options.  Kudos for this.  The cucumber wasabi dressing is amazing.2nd time @ Harris - group of 8 - burger and fries.  Meh.  Pretty standard fare bar food.  At least the beer was cold.3rd time (16SEP2014) @ Harris went something like this - 3 people.  11:15 - get seated by greeter, total of 5 customers in the restaurant.  11:20 - people around us are getting their drink and food orders taken, some of these people came in after us, we have not been greeted by a server.  11:30 - drinks and food start hitting tables around us.  11:35 - still not greeted by a server, so we stood up and left.  As we left, I made eye contact with the bartender, I'm sure anger and disappointment was over my face.  I don't have a shred of tolerance when it comes to being ignored in a restaurant.I make it a rule to avoid places that disappoint me like the plague, poor service being the worst offense.  There are many options in Charlotte for places to have lunch, this one is off the table for me.  If you don't want to send a server to my table, you can't have my business.
3	Decent bar food. Wines are pretty high in my opinion but Draft Beers aren't bad. Food is spot on BAR food. Don't go expecting anything fancy. Burger was tasty albeit SMALL (5oz?). Tuna app was decent but no mistaking it for sushi quality. It is loud especially during game day.Not a bad option when in this area...... just keep the expectations low.....
4	Great food, fun atmosphere on a Saturday night. Hostess and wait staff a little off, but overall everything was great.
3	Normal sports bar. Nothing special about food. Experience a hair in my avocado on my salad
