4	Some of the girls and I decided to go out after work today.  Since it was my turn to decide, I thought we'd get some coffee instead.  We came here 'cos the one in Liberty Center, across the street from where I work, is only open until 6pm or so.  This one, in the Cultural Distract, is open a little later.I can't believe I never reviewed the Downtown Crazy Mochas before.  They have fabulous coffee here!  It's a really nice place to unwind after a day at the office, or if you're going to the theater, or if you need  a quick caffeine fix at the office.
5	In a downtown area that's blanketed with the S-word, this location of Crazy Mocha is a shelter from the storm.  It's relatively new, and it's bright, impeccably clean, and best of all, open much later than its major competitor.  The baristas are so friendly, and it's a great place to sit and read, or to stop in after a show or a movie nearby.  A great local business that deserves every ounce of your support!
3	Tasty espresso but wasn't quite as smooth as some Italian blends
4	Had a good veggie sandwich and regular coffee here.  My wife thought the chai was far superior to what the chains serve.
4	The orangicle drink here is amazing and the place is very spacious and comfortable.  Their logo with the goat holding a mug of coffee is awesome.  I definitely prefer this franchise over Starbucks.  It is too bad it is only found in Pittsburgh.  I hope they expand.
4	Nice atmosphere, good veggie wraps, lots of seating.
3	I had a moment where I was one of THOSE people. One of those frou frou frozen drink people! I'm SO ashamed....but for reals....it was soooo good! The drink I speak of is the Pittsburgh frozen hot chocolate. It's like a mini Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate. P.S. If you haven't hit up that spot in NYC it really is a MUST for one of their famous frozen hot chocolate's! But, Pittsburgh Frozen Hot Chocolate is a fabu substitute! And for some reason Italian Soda's from here always taste amazing. I know it's just soda water and syrup. But when those two combine, it makes fizzy fruity magic in my cup! Other drinks, meh.... I order Chai's most of the time because I'm not a fan of regular drip coffee and I really love them with all my heart. But it's REALLY hard to find a good Chai. Most places make them with powder (like this place) and it was just lacking here. Plus it's a little on the sweet side, and I like my Chai's nice and spicy! I went in once to get a frou frou Caramel Macchiato and they scoffed at me and said..."ugh, we don't make those." Um, ok. A nice, sorry but we'll make something close to that, would have been fine. Which brings me to the last point that the peeps at this location could use a little cheer in their life. I've put in my coffee slinging years, I know sometimes it sucks, but sometimes it's fun to chitchat with people. So perk it up! I do love that it's a local chain and they've been expanding in years, so I suppose they've been doing pretty well for themselves. The cool coffee house vibe isn't lost on this place either because they always have bangin' music. A coffee shop without bangin' music is no coffee house to me!
4	Was it the frozen hot chocolate or was it the Yelpers meet & greet that made the visit so good?  Why my fellow Yelpers, of course!  Now don't get me wrong, the frozen hot chocolate (love the oxymoron....but then I don't think I've met an oxymoron I didn't like) sang some sweet chocolate notes to my soul, for sure.  I'd order one again without hesitation...well, until my conscience kicks in with a great big, "What?  Are you nuts splurging on all that high caloric yumminess?!"  And even then I'd probably still order it.  Darned annoying conscience.Great conversation, fun Yelpers, Yelp goodies(!), interesting(?) downtown people watching made for a very good experience.  Great job, Rachel!
4	Unexpensives and tasty drinks!Plenty of electric outlet in the back!Cool urban art decor!What else we can ask from a cafe? Oh yeah, the music playing is aweful. Oh well not one is perfect.
5	So...Here's another Crazy Mocha review. Another awesome location. Went in today ordered my Chai Tea Latte but forgot to tell the barista(o) I wanted it iced. He said no problem and whipped up another one right away with no ughs or looks of disdain unlike the Bloomfield location I abhor so much. Now what to do with the hot version of my iced drink....
4	I'll definitely stop back when I'm next in town
3	I'm giving it a 3-stars for the Chai Latte that I ordered.  It was delicious and instantly warmed me.  Not too sweet which I like.  The service...eh, maybe a 2.  The barista was a bit standoff-ish and rushed me.  I was the only person in line.  I also noticed no music playing.  Lame.Overall, if I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be a somewhat regular.
3	So I went back a couple days later...MUCH better experience!  The lady behind the register had a pleasant demeanor and there was a guy there also who gave me the name of the Pandora station they were playing in the shop.
2	One of the worst coffee shops that I have ever gone to.  I went to this Crazy  Mocha location three times because of the convenience factor (I had a class next door at the Cultural Trust).  First off the chai is WAY too sweet and under spiced to boot.  I couldn't taste any spices that I could identify.  I suspect that they simply put milk in black tea and sweeten it.  Very disappointing.  Second the coffee:  I generally order drip coffees as they are the true test of a coffee shop.  Crazy Mocha seems to universally brew weak coffee.  I also suspect that the coffee has been sitting for a while by the time I got to in in the mid afternoon.  It was so bad the second time I got it that I dumped it out after drinking about a quarter of it.  The services is OK, not terribly fast or friendly.  They do however have decent wifi.
4	Note: the password "the goat sent me" does not work. Neither of the two baristas knew what I was talking about.I like that they have a selection of not just one, or two chai tea mattes, but four in powdered form (vanilla, spice, raspberry or green tea) as well as chai tea bags. After discussion with the barista we decided I'd try it with a tea bag and a dash of chai spice powder. I like it when the people making my drink have experience drinking the beverages they're serving.Old black and white photos hang on one wall with a colorful mural adjacent to them. Comfy chair, coffee tables, free wifi, classic rock music accompanied by the pleasant banter between baristas and customers.If I lived in Pittsburgh I could easily be a regular.
4	Good coffee. Definitely worth a try.
1	The coffee here is bad.  I was so underwhelmed with Crazy Mocha.  I have only been here once and that was enough for me. With 21st Coffee and Tea only blocks away...I make the choice to just avoid this place.  The coffee tastes burnt and I am not going to frequent a place for frozen beverages if they can't make a simple cup of coffee tasty. Crazy Mocha is so not worth my while.
3	I stopped here while waiting for a bus transfer as I traveled on Megabus. The short and sweet is it is nothing particularly special. However, the space was large and open, a welcome change from the bus. There were enough outlets that you could find one if you needed one and empty enough that it would probably be a decent workspace.My only issue was the service. Let me preface by saying that I am happy with my service 98% of the time, including most cases when someone else would have been livid. However, at Crazy Mocha, I was actually a little disappointed. I knew I would be a moment as I looked over the menu, so I told the barrista as such. She ran to the bathroom in the meantime. Totally acceptable in my book.  By the time she returned I had made a decision to get an iced coffee (which was above average) but also wanted to inquire about the other drinks, in case there was something I would be sorry I missed. The barrista answered my questions, but with some degree of irritation. I found out that they use Big Train blended mix. They also have a good variety of chai, but I stuck with the iced coffee with soy milk (Silk Original for those who care). I got a brownie, though I was tempted by their nice array of biscotti with interesting flavors like Red Velvet. As a whole, my personal interaction was with the barrista was neutral. However, after I was served and the rest of the line was served. The barrista went outside for a smoke. In that duration, two people came in and stood in line for what was probably 2-3 minutes, long enough that the two people were both visibly agitated, having gone through all the "well I guess I'll look at this cup in more detail than necessary" type waiting activities. The barrista came back and promptly served the people, but didn't not address their extended wait. To me, this pushed the review down a star. Fair enough if you need leave the counter for a moment or two, even for personal reasons like smoking, but I just couldn't think of a justification for having the people wait (the barrista knew the customers were waiting because she smoked to the side of the entrance to the store). She may have apologized, but I listened for it and didn't hear it.So, if you need high quality, kiss-my-feet kind of service, this is probably not a place for you. If you want a space to sit in and a coffee while you wait for the bus, this place will certainly suffice.
3	The coffee is pretty disgusting most days but they have giant cookies and awesome muffins and their wifi is the most reliable of any coffee shop downtown. Lots of outlets too, and best of all, no one who works here cares if you take your shoes off!
3	I work right up the street from here and I was tired of the usual places for breakfast. Their latte is tasty and their pastries were fresh and tasty. But is cost me $6.60 for a medium caramel latte and a blueberry muffin! Too expensive for an every day visit.
4	The Oakland location got me through law school- literally. I was on a first name basis with most of the staff. My drink was ready before I even got to the counter. Vanilla chai- skim milk. Now I have graduated to the Liberty Ave location and Crazy Mocha is getting me through my job. I live that we have a great local java hut that rivals any chain. I walk to the few blocks despite a Seattle-based chain a short elevator ride away. Why do I love this place?  Great atmosphere. Artsy, corporate, students, tourists- we have them all. The locations promote local cultural activities with all of the brochures available for perusal. And then we get to the beverages. Wait, let me first discuss the heavenly pastries available for breakfast. Fresh, heavenly.  The vanilla chai is my favorite in the city. Smooth, sweet, and not overly spicy. I usually add a shot of espresso to dirty it.  All at a reasonable price. Great place, I highly recommend it.
4	My favorite thing about Crazy Mocha is that it's a local chain. And there's tons of them!I don't drink coffee, but I love pastries. Their locally-bought biscottis are absolutely delicious!The service is always friendly and almost overly-accommodating. Also, they are always spinning some vinyl, which is just adorable.
2	The Americano was limp. Wish I had gone someplace else.The tables were dirty and service was slow. Hate to give a bad review, but I was not impressed.
4	A nice, small little cafe inside the One building near Point State Park. There offer some pastry options and other typical packaged cookies. The service here was great. Was looking to try a new flavor for an Italian soda syrup, and the gal even offered a sample to try before ordering. They also have almond milk as an option which was great for my friend who doesn't drink soy or cow milk.
5	Although the espresso machine was being fixed, it was well worth the wait. The biscotti are incredible, especially the coconut lemon macadamia nut. The barista was very friendly and went out of her way to help as we waited for our espresso drinks.
