4	I've gone to a couple of 'quiz nights', Tuesdays at 8pm here at the Jaggerbush.  They have absolutely wonderful beer specials 5-7pm ($2 any beer), and cheap drinks all the time.  The quiz night is especially fun, and high energy with a young crowd, and its free. Winners even get gift certificates  The bartenders are attentive, but the place still does allow smoking, so be prepared.  I haven't been overwhelmed by the smoke, but I still smell like an ashtray when I've left.I'll be coming back for the beer and the trivia, and suggest you try it out! I've also been hungry enough to grab some fries here, I won't do that again.  This is a place for drinking, not for eating, which is where it lost its star.
4	This place gets REALLY packed on the weekends, and a lot of meat heads and d-bags hang out there.  However, the prices are good, the bartenders are rather pleasant, and it's off the main path of carson so it's a nice beginning to a night, or last stop.
4	I had a seriously shocking amount of fun here last night.  More fun than I've had in a bar in a looooong time.   But I might be biased, because....WE WON TRIVIA NIGHT!  WOOHOO!!It was my first trivia night here at the Jaggerbush.  We got there around 730ish and it was easy to get a table, but just before and after 8pm, they filled up quickly.  Trivia got started around 830.  The dude who runs trivia night was really funny and very muscular, and let me and my friend touch his biceps.  So that's a plus.  He had a great sense of humor, the whole place was really high energy.  He also played seriously random and awesome music in between quiz questions.  Like the best and weirdest iPod in the world on shuffle.Trivia is really fun, and took about 90 minutes for the whole game.  It's well-organized, with a wide variety of questions so you don't need to be an expert in one genre or another to do well.  You get to assign point values to your answers, so if you're really sure about one category you can assign the most points, and if you are making a random wild guess you can assign fewer points.Anyway it was challenging and exciting and WE WON so that rules.  I had to leave right after the game was over so I do not know what our reward was, but I'm told we get a gift card to the bar or something like that, so it's incentive to come back for more trivia!Bottled beer was $3.50, bartenders were friendly.  Atmosphere is divey casual but very lively on Tuesday Trivia night.  TVs to watch various Pittsburgh teams play sports.  And they still allow smoking, unfortunately, so I smelled like nasty gross ashtray at the end of the night, which I hate.  UGH city smoking ban please?But yeah, I'd totally come back for trivia, any week.  Not sure I'd come just to hang out, given the cigarette factor, but the trivia night is solid.
4	I'm going to add Jaggerbush to the list of my favorite bars. Why not? Bartenders are friendly, drinks are cheap, and the food is decent for such a small place. I regularly attend trivia night Tuesdays at 8pm (in 2012). I won't say much about the trivia because others have already commented, but I will say this. To those of you wishing to attend, try to keep your groups small. If you push together the very few tables this establishment has to make room for your group of ten (most of whom will never arrive), you are a douchebag. I have it on good authority that the staff hate you and so do other teams who wish to sit. (Steps off soapbox).I like going to Jagger on other nights to drink with friends. Surprisingly, they get very busy even on weekday evenings! Thus, I try to avoid Jagger on weekends because it gets overly crowded and smoky. Be advised, smoke-haters. Jaggerbush is not for you. Try a pudding shot (made daily) and their pancakes and bacon shot at least once. Take a bite of the (real) bacon strip, do your shot, finish the bacon. Yum!Aside from the occasional smoke, I don't have any qualms with Jaggerbush. However, if you have pediophobia, try not to glance upwards while sitting at the bar.
4	Pudding shots. Jukebox. Sunday pot-luck for Stillers games. The best affordable tap-list in South Side, always changing and always featuring something for everyone. The staff is friendly and the bar-food is satisfying--not to mention the beautiful historic building (it's been a bar for over a century and features a built-in wooden barback as well as the classic South Side ceilings).I spent many nights in grad school taking my work to the Jaggerbush to write papers and drink my stress away for good form.I spent even more nights putting "Wagon Wheel," "Confessions Part II," and "I Believe in a Thing Called Love" on the jukebox.Best dive in South Side. If you're coming in for a night out, hit up this place first for a relaxed atmosphere; or hit it up last for some good old fashioned debauchery and pudding shots.
