3	The crust was really good, but there was too much cheese / too little sauce. The cheese was undercooked a little as well, not burnt or bubbly, and it separated from the slice. We ordered near closing though, so it might be better earlier in the day.
4	Sorento's Pizza is a bit of a misnomer.  The rest of the food is better and to be honest there are better places in Oakland for Pizza.I still have dreams about the Lasagna...  It's a 4 inch square slice that comes out of the oven in a cast iron skillet, simmering is sauce and deliciousness.  You've got to try it.
4	I can't believe more people haven't reviewed Sorrento's! I love this place!I lived on Atwood Street over the summer and ate here probably twice a week. $5 large pizzas, but they are actually GOOD. No, this isn't your authentic Italian pizza or New York style pizza, in fact I'm not sure what exactly it is. But I do know that the crust is crispy yet chewy, the sauce is good (not too-sweet or too-heavy), and there's tons and tons of cheese. I had a friend who worked at a couple different pizza shops in town who said that Sorrento's used the freshest ingredients that he had seen, which probably accounts for its deliciousness. Just go on the earlier side of the $5 deal to miss the bulk of the drunk student crowd.Also their handwritten sign denoting "Free Wi-Fi" cracks me up every time (yeah, it doesn't take much).
5	You shouldn't go here expecting a classy meal. If you are drunk, however, and after the munchies in my opinion this is the best late food you can get. You'll swallow the $5 14" pizza whole and kick yourself in the morning. It has a certain taste that's unforgettable and perfect when you've had a long night.The ranch used to be free, but the owners discovered it's highly addictive and now charge a dollar for it. It is the best ranch dressing I've ever had. I've talked with the cashier and she informs me the recipe is kept secret even from her. Darn.And... they even have great pizza and sandwiches for when they're trying to be a real restaurant during the day. Seriously, the sandwiches are pretty incredible and cheap. Have at it.
5	Ignoring the somewhat shabby interior with old wooden booths in a relatively drab setting, this place is awesome.  Can you say $5 large pizza?  Out in Oakland at a late hour?  Why not finish your night with some pizza?  Hungry for lunch?  $5 pizza will do.  Maybe a quick dinner?  $5 pizza is right here.  This is not any cheapo grease-laden, coronary vessel oblietaring POS.  This pizza is high quality, incredibly tasty, and honestly probably the best value in all of Pittsburgh.  And with that being said, 5 stars for $5 pizza.
4	Sometimes the holes-in-the-wall have something the pretty places don't; in this case, Sorrento's Pizza is that old, dank place that you'd normally pass right by, but if you give it a chance you'll be amazed.If you're tipsy or simply out late at night, this place is not to be passed by... not even for the competition down the street. Unlike the latter, Sorrento's has indoor seating which comes in handy in the winter, I'm sure!The pizza is great. I've paid $15+ for a pizza that was far below the taste, quality, and speed of the $5 pie at Sorrento's!A perfect end to a great, inebriated, or just long night is simple: Sorrento's!
3	Coming to Pittsburgh my roommates told me that you should only go there when you are drunk.  When you're drunk the pizza is like steak.  I on the other hand have tried it sober and I understand why they say its better drunk. It is a passable excuse for a pizza and for $5 you'll find nothing cheaper.  If you don't look at the pizza while eating it that would be better because it doesn't look pretty. I am sure they use a lot of B-grade ingredients, and the morning after eating it is not that much fun either.I go because its cheap eats, its not exactly the nicest eats though.
3	IT'S FIVE DOLLAR PIZZA!!!Okay, I'll be the first to admit that Sorrento's is not the best or classiest pizza joint in Pittsburgh. But it's cheap and open late (until around 3 on the weekend). For college students this place is always a good choice....especially after a late night of partying. After around 10 is when the place really gets packed, mostly because of their $5 large pizza deal (starts at 8PM and ends at closing).The pizza is okay (it's neither outstanding nor disgusting), but I've definitely paid more for much worse in Pittsburgh. It has never been under-cooked and is ready pretty quickly. If you are doing a late night pick-up I would suggest calling in your order to avoid waiting in line surrounded by super drunk college kids (although the conversations you can't help but overhear are pretty funny). I would say splurge and pay the extra $1 for their super yummy BUTTERMILK RANCH (if I could I would probably drink it...andI basically do...) The ranch is ADDICTIVE so I don't mind paying a bit extra. The pizza is hot and super cheesy with a thin crust and okay sauce.I've had times when I've literally eaten a whole box by myself with two containers of ranch (cuz the guys didn't want to share) and I loved every moment of it.....even though my stomach wasn't too happy. I'd say give it a try! Instead of paying $3 for a slice, grab a box or two with some friends and stop by the 24-hour Rite-Aid for 2 for $3 2-Liter Pepsi.
4	Good food and reasonably priced. Fairly fast too. Always friendly! I always takeout from here.
4	They have thick crust pizza! Since I've moved to Pittsburgh, I've been on the hunt for great think crust pizza ... and now I have two places to go (here and Pizza Perfecta in Shadyside)!I got the Chicago style pizza - which I think was great! I definitely plan on coming back to try their other types of pizza.
