5	Whaaaat?! Noone's reviewd Scoops? This place is the ultimate hangout. Young and old alike. The prices are average, the flavors are plentiful, and the staff is always friendly (always a plus on my list.) It's a few blocks from my house and I remember on hot summer days grabbing my sisters, yelling upstairs to our parents "We're going to Scoops!"  and walking up there. We'd taste the flavors we were trying to decide over (they give you little spoons to do this!) and then we'd pick. There's also an assortment of frozen yogurt, sorbet, milkshakes, toppings, candy, and sodas, too! After paying, we'd take our cones outside and sit on the steps chatting well into dusk. Many people come here all year round. Everyone in the neighborhood knows each other and you're bound to run into someone you know.Great place for ice cream and making memories.
4	Great neighborhood ice cream shop.
4	If you're a mint chocolate chip ice cream addict like me, you need to get their Grasshopper Sundae. It's even good in the winter! We came here in early March when it was still wintry out. In fact, it snowed when we got here, and I didn't care. The place was clean, the service was good, and the decor is cute.
4	Can't go wrong with ice cream! Tons of flavors, really sweet people working there and plenty of place to sit inside.
4	I stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago with my fiance and parents for an after dinner snack.  We had just eaten across the street and decided to pass on dessert whenever we noticed Scoops.  Having never been there before I did not know what to expect.  I wasn't too impressed whenever I walked into the store until I realized how many different flavors of ice cream they had for a smaller place.  After trying to match the names with some of the ice creams in the freezers I ultimately went with a single scoop of birthday cake ice cream in a dish.  Whenever they say scoop here, they really mean scoop as there was no extra bit that I feel that you often get, not that I needed it.  Overall I was impressed with the flavor of my ice cream and think that it may have been better than the normal chain that I go to.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely stop back here again in the future.  The employees were friendly, the ice cream good and I was impressed with their selection.
4	Exactly what you'd imagine from an adorable neighborhood ice cream shop. When it's time to grab a cone, this is where my kid wants to go! Good s'cream too!
4	Sweet little shop - great place to take the kiddos, and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars.
4	Great shop! Watched them make their waffle comes right in the shop and they are delish!Tried the salted caramel and was surprised to find little chocolate covered caramels inside! Yum!
