4	Ok so I had driven by this place about 50 times or so, ad always thought to myself...when is my lingerie needs gonna call for a superstore...and why does the building have a drive up window?  "Ill have the #2 combo- size medium, panties and a whip"...Come to find out when I did need a superstore to find my outfit to bartend the Fetish Ball, the drive threw window is left over from whatever was there prior, and not used for people who need lube on the go.They had a good selection of corsets and little bootie shorts and skirts. I was also looking for my bartending partner and he is a guy... Not a whole lot of men selections..But the girls there were helpful and willing to lace me up tight in the corsets I did try on.ALSO working the fetish events... I got 15% off
4	I had a hard time deciding on what to buy here.  I mean, I just wanted it all - panties with ruffles on the bottoms, pasties with tassels, a fishnet full body suit, knee high patent pleather boots, corsets, a french maid costume, garter belts, stockings with lace at the top of the thigh, a paddle and a whip - I'm getting carried away.  Lingerie Superstore has a great selection, it's a little on the pricey side, I've bought some of their stuff through online websites for less money.The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. I've been back several times and always received awesome service.
4	We had driven by here 200 times. We always wondered what was in here.It is a huge building, it used to be a bank.So on Saturday morning, my girlfriend was driving and she pulled in here." Let's see what is in this store."She had never been in here either.It is a really big place ,they have used all the floor space they have.The 2 girls that were working were very nice. They greeted us when we walked in and asked if we were looking for something in mind.No, just looking, they only bothered us one more time after that. Which I thought was good.This place has everything from Kooky to practical.Even clothes and shoes for Strippers,because, I do not know where else you would wear a 28 inch heel.If you are a man and either Trans sexual or Trans vestitie. This is the place to come for shoes. They have all sorts of shoes when you want to dress like a lady in men's sizes, Even a size 17!  I do not even know any men that wear a size 17. But, hey, this is the place if you so desire it.Dressing rooms, lots of parking, and a nice staff. Check it out!High prices on a lot of the items, but that sort of stuff usally is high.
5	Love Love Love this shop...they always have a great selection of items for us curvy women....I'm always recommending this place...love to stop here before our Adult Vacations and/or Parties....Service is always top notch....
1	They were friendly, but definitely just tried to sell me. I didn't get my vision, I short sold. :/ later on I went to LOVE and LACE (please go there instead) and found a classy lingerie that was just what I was looking for in a store that's not made for strippers. I came back to return my item... NO ONE told me that I couldn't get my money back. Instead it's just a store credit. I was PISSED.  I looked for something else but they were out of everything * :( I don't recommend this store unless you're a stripper. Horrible service.
1	Im not buying anything here anymore., bought shoes n tried to exchange n manager said I cant bcause its dirty., I only wore once n its not even dirty dirty.... Im not wasting my money here again,. go to Fascination Lingerie,  most accommodating n very friendly staff. . Tons of selections. .Warning: dont shop here!!!!!
5	Great selections of men's  wear and lots to look at also the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	I went to Fredricks and 2 Fascination stores... Both made me cry. I'm a size 44 F... All I wanted was a corset that would enhance my natural curves and beauty. Rachel and the staff not only shopped with me but also allowed me to feel 110% happy and confident with myself. I was EXTREMELY pleased with the services I received and would recommend this superstore filled with super people ANYDAY! If you're looking for personalized, down to earth and reasonable lingerie and staff... look no further! Their lines of different styles, their phenomenal selection of boots and shoes and their staff that make you feel welcomed and like your best friend is all right here. I fell in love tonight. I'm breaking up with Fredricks of Hollywood and will forever be faithful to Lingerie Superstore!
2	This store is a great find, but only because of the scarcity of lingerie/sexy stores in the valley. I absolutely LOVE the customer service and every time I've come in, the employees are fabulous, helpful, and pleasant. Everything that makes for great customer experience... Now for the downside. I've been coming to this store for a very long time and the selection has progressively gotten worse and worse. As have the policies. I work in nightlife and am not a stripper and have ALWAYS received a discount due to an employee asking me about my job years ago. They've now changed this policy to a stripper only discount. In my job we are to create new, sexy looks every week so I used to drop in all the time for outfit staples, then just the basics after the selection got worse. I'd send a ton of my coworkers here as well, why not support a local business willing to cut us a deal instead of us going online? Then came the requirement of having a dance license, even though I had been getting my discount for 3 years, it was taken from me. That was the last straw. Lingerie Superstore no longer has a competitive edge so I, nor many girls from my company give them our patronage. Instead we use a local online retailing giant that has unbeatable prices, great return policy, special company discounts, infinite product, and 24/7 customer service. I hate to take my business elsewhere, but I prefer to be treated as a valued customer and be rewarded for my loyalty. Basic business lessons. So my advice to shoppers, it's worth a visit if you're nearby and curious. Otherwise, don't bother.
