3	Probably the best, most thorough Chinese supermarket you'll find in Pittsburgh. They have most of your Chinese grocery needs at pretty decent prices. They even have the staple unfriendly cashiers. Some, not all; just enough to fill the expectation. If you're an Asian American transplant from a bigger city, you'll appreciate having Lotus Foods in da Burgh.
3	Where I do most of my shopping. Pretty basic. Missing some Japanese groceries I would like to find but otherwise, expansive and reasonably priced, I was totally surprised to find this sort of place, having looked for something like the past four years in cleveland, to no avail.
3	The Gist - small Chinese market good for basic frozen, some produce, snacks, rice, noodles, sauces. So happy to have a taste of home! Why Go - Basic Chinese veggies, snacks & frozen food you can't get at the mainstream market. Also, dried Chinese herbs that your ma/grandma would use in soup. Some of the Chinese veggies pre-packaged and look fresher. Some of the fruit & other veggies def. not as fresh and would pass. What's Not There - Sadly couldn't find the usual variety of tofu products found at Ranch 99, standard produce (i.e., tomatoes, carrots, bell peppers), no fresh meat Grocery List - dried fish, miso, lilly bulb, bok choy, baby napa cabbage, cilantro, green onion, garlic, shitake mushrooms, rice, couple bags of frozen dumplings, shao bing, frozen lotus bun, frozen shanghai veggie bun, rice, soba noodles, mochi, redbean pancake, hosin sauce, soy sauce, soybeans, jasmine tea, couple caned goods ~$70
5	The best place in the strip to get asian ingredients.  I love running in there to pick up some young jack fruit in a can.  They have awesome products and honestly, the clerks were happy to explain what certain things were to me.  I love this place!
4	Does this store have any tofu selections?
3	PROS: nice variety including freshly made tofu, good amount of side street parking nearby (as long as you don't go on a weekend), baked goods (haven't tried any yet), on the strip so you can do some additional shopping if neededCONS: bit pricey, person working there wasn't that helpful or friendly
5	The only Chinese supermarket in Pittsburgh. Thank goodness it's well stocked. Unfortunately it's a 30 minute bus ride from school and hauling the goods back is not easy. I feel most at home here, it even smells Asian!
5	This is probably the best Chinese supermarket I have found in Pittsburgh so far. They have a good supply of Asian produce, packaged food, snacks, candy, sauces, teas, etc. The prices here are a bit high, but it is well-stocked and usually is the only place that has what I am looking/ craving for. There is another Chinese store, a small Korean market, and a just as small Vietnamese store a couple blocks away, but all of them are not as stocked, big, or as good as Lotus Food Co (in my opinion). There is also an in-store sushi bar, with either bento boxes or made to order sushi depending on when you visit the store. I am unsure of the hours the bar is open. I also like how Lotus Food Co orders some Chinese pastries from Chinese bakeries in New York and other places. I bought a box of chiffon sponge cake and ate one everyday for breakfast for like a week or so. The also have other things like cookies and Chinese swiss rolls. During New Year, they had little red envelopes and other things like New Year candy in stock.
5	I come here almost every weekend to get fresh tofu, herbs and/or vegetables. 4 blocks of tofu for $.40 each - yeah I'm taking that over the over-priced 'ethnic' offerings at Giant Eagle any day.There's a big variety of noodles and frozen dumplings offerings and all manner of products that confuse the hillel out of me since I'm not East Asian. But hey, sometimes it's just fun to look as well.
5	This place is pretty excellent.  Having spent some time in China (and heading to do so again soon, here,) I got a taste for some things that are pretty tough to get in your regular old grocery store.  Adding Lao gan ma or Xiao yu you to most anything that can take it, for example, has become a habit of mine.  Hotpot seasoning is important, too, as is real Fang bian mian and Wang lao ji.  (Note: Yelp didn't post the Chinese characters I wrote in my initial review... Weird.)But it doesn't stop at the Chinese stuff, either.  I've been able to find Thai tea here, and black rice for making black rice pudding! The other thing that's super-groovy about this place is that you'll never feel like you spent too much on your groceries.  Everything is so cheap!  And they take cards, which makes them heroes in a place like the Strip.
5	My go to place for Asian product needs.  Not to mention the fact that their produce is among the freshest in The Strip!  Lotus is one of my regular shopping haunts.  I would be lost without them!!!
4	This store is a foodie find!  They stock lovely Asian veggies, sauces, meats, and desserts.  I mainly come here for garlic, ginger, and bok choy.  I heard they have some very good frozen dumplings though.  And they sell steaming hot fresh tofu for $0.30 a block, YES $0.30!!  Everything here is priced very reasonably.  This is a great place to shop, but don't expect too much help from the staff.  Most things are not labeled in English, and the majority of the staff doesn't speak English, but hey that's half the fun!  You'll never know what gem you'll find.
4	I'm very glad to have Lotus Food in the strip if I am in the mood to cook something ethnic. Items are cheaper than say a mainstream grocery store (see Maher's comment on the tofu as an example; and I got a whole container of garlic for two bucks). What they lack is an array of fresh produce and meat though I could stroll over to Wholey if the timing is right. Lotus Food is good but I feel like they could do so much better. Great selection of spices and seasonings, dumplings and noodles/ramen. Snack assortment and vegetables are pretty good but again the cheap prices make it more than okay. Plus they take credit card.
4	Who knew one could purchase so many different varieties of tofu? In addition to the usual silken, firm, extra firm, here you find spiced, aged, and flavored. All sorts of bean curd and noodles await you at Lotus Foods. The seletion here is magnificent, though the past few times I've gone their produce has been wilted and shriveled. Mostly all of the products have chinese only packaging so if you don't know what it is, try to find an english speaking employee which is most of the time easier said then done.
4	Green-leaf vegetables & rice are much cheaper here. You can find almost every common food/flavour selling in China, even freezed dumplings. Get meat/potatoes/tomatos/onions next door in Wholey.
5	If you've read my other reviews, you know that I almost never give anywhere 5 stars and almost never review any non-restaurant business.  That said, I would give Lotus 10 stars if I could!  There is no better grocery store (asian or otherwise) in Pittsburgh.  They have an all encompassing selection, including an entire 25 ft aisle solely dedicated to different noodles (I think that's what heaven looks like), and another length aisle dedicated to different soy sauces!  Whether you want asan mushrooms, exotic seafoods, asian snacks, fresh bok choy, asian cookware, chinese ramen soups, or 50 pound sacks of gourmet rice you will be right at home.  I always struggle trying to push my heaping cart,  heavy with asian mushrooms, tofu, noodles and dumplings up to the register, yet I've never had the total exceed $50, ever.  At whole foods you could blow that on an organic cocktail weenie.  Lotus offers, hands down, the best prices and the best selection of any grocery in Pittsburgh!
4	overall best quality Asian grocer in the strip district, imo .freshest produce, best selection of niche food products and oddities (to the avg. american , anyway.)cute check out girls .
3	Fresh tofu towards the back is a must if you see them! Good selection of veggies and snacks. The workers could be more friendly and the environment could improve but this is the best place for Asian goods if you live in Pittsburgh. Come during the weekday or later in the day during weekends otherwise parking is almost impossible.
5	Best Asian grocery in Pittsburgh. Went shopping for ingredients for a Korean dish I was making and they had everything. Food is fresh also!
3	The spruced man that stands by the main register is not well mannered. I was answered about a product I was looking for with a "AH? I DON'T KNOW! MAYBE THERE!" brushed me off and pointed to the isle the product I wanted was at. Don't worry, I found it after looking for it for 10 minutes.Aside from this impertinent man, the store seems to have a variety of products. They're always busy and their shelfs are stocked frequently. I was also told their tofu is fresh, so much so that a coworker of mine eats it raw. Unfortunately it's hard to find some products. Most packaging are in Asian writing and I don't understand it.
4	Coming from California, it can't compare to the Asian supermarkets in California. However, compare to the other Asian grocery stores in the area, this is definitely one of the best places to get Asian groceries.My favorite thing about this grocery store is the wide variety of vegetables available at reasonable prices, and the frozen foods which are extremely convenient on busy days.
4	Pittsburgh is unusually lacking any good Asian grocers. This was the closest I could find and compared to the ones in Philadelphia this can't even compete. However, considering that it's Pittsburgh, this is probably the best Asian store around. While the location is a little far I am willing to trek all the way to Lotus for a few ingredients that only they have in stock! It holds all sorts of miscellaneous food stuffs that I am always dying to try. The prices are pretty good and I always leave spending 10 dollars less than I thought I'd spend. They have tofu there that is really really cheap! It is also a little questionable how they serve it but, I've never denied myself some discount tofu. While the baked goods there temptingly cheap - they are not fresh so I'd stay away from those. Overall I'd say that I need to go for another lotus run
3	What irks me about this place is the rudeness.  I know this place is located in the Strip and it's suppose to be fast paced and all, but be polite to me if you intend for me to return.I will admit I did find some decent buys for the items I needed while in here, but had no idea where to find anything.  I roamed the aisles until I stumbled upon what I needed.  However, when I did find exactly what I needed, I had to wait for a congregation of people having their Sunday chat on a Thursday to move.  When I am in this type of situation I become very irritated very easily.Also be sure to spend at least $5 or else be prepared to be told off at checkout.  That's the cherry on top of the rudeness cake.  Not quite sure the reasoning behind this action.  You're getting my money either way.
4	Lotus Food is still my go to for cheap vegetables, tofu and Asian ingredients however the workers aren't the friendliest - don't take it personal. I went to a register, said hi to the woman and she gave me a glazed over look, not scanning anything which confused me. Behind me comes another customer who apologies and tells me he forgot some items. I told him that I was sorry too as I was not aware that he was still being checked out and he replies "You wouldn't have known" with a smile. And even through my transaction I continued to receive a glazed over look.
3	This is a spartan, dingy, small, cramped, crowded, old-style store with lots of excellent, fresh merchandise, including produce.  I shop here for different types of tofu, including the fresh blocks which it offers at the incredible price of thirty cents each, and for fresh bean sprouts.  The prices are generally excellent.  If you are looking for a place in which you and your patronage will be appreciated, this is not it.  There is a man who seems to be manager or owner, who could not be more cold and ungrateful: rarely a hint of a smile or pleasant demeanor, nor do the words "thank you" ever come out of his mouth.  I shop here in spite of the staff.  I wish there were some competition, a place where I could shop for Asian groceries at which I would not feel that I am being expectorated upon by the workers.
4	A good store to pick up your East Asian cooking ingredients. There is a large selection of sauces, oils, and noodles. They also carry rice which you can buy in bulk. The freezer section is quite large, but I'm not too sure about what sort of freezer goods they sell. They also have produce which is on par with the other vendors in the strip. Lastly, there is a small fresh fish section in the back.
4	I go to Lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of Japanese pop.
5	Ratings being relative, Lotus gets 5 stars for being the best Asian grocery store in Pittsburgh.Being a Vietnamese guy born and raised in Little Saigon, Southern California, my transition to Pittsburgh was a little rough. Being the typical student who is afraid of going past the university bubble, I rarely trekked far from school. One day, my friend with a car showed me the beauty that is Lotus. Now I take the effort to make trips there by bus or car because it's worth it. The selection is the most expansive: sure there are other Asian specialty stores, but none as big as Lotus. It's really hard to find Vietnamese cooking ingredients in Pittsburgh, but Lotus has most of it. The pricing is pretty legit. For example, let's say I wanted to just get some noodles for some pho (Vietnamese beef noodle soup. If you don't know what it is, Yelp the closest pho restaurant and get a bowl, now). Giant Eagle would sell it for 3-4 bucks. Lotus sells it for $1.50 for about the same amount. And if you wanted rice? Seriously... you can get as much rice as you want. Then I walked to the fruit isle, I saw rambutan, lychee, dragonfruit, etc. etc. etc. etc. AHH! It's like home! Time to make some "che" (Vietnamese dessert). Also, if you are feeling adventurous, they sell durian sometimes too.Of course, the prices will never compare to my hometown. But I figure that a $500 plane flight is not very cost-effective.PS. Saw a review about the service being rude. LOL... You must be new to Asian grocery stores. (Although, it is probably something we should change).
3	I found decent prices here and I did feel a little out of my element I couldn't understand the names on their packaging. I bought some bamboo spoons for 35 cents each. I love wooden spoons for my tea.
4	Place to go to get Asian groceries in Pittsburgh. They are surprisingly well stocked and have mostly everything you would need. I think I only ran into the problem once where they didn't sell something I needed.They have a great fresh vegetable section, restocked every weekend, with most if not all the common Asian vegetables and even uncommon ones which I thought I would never find in Pittsburgh including tung ho, suan miao, loofah, etc.They have a decent freezer section which includes some frozen meats. They even sell some prepared foods like zongzi, stewed bamboo, and other meats.Their bakery section is very small and I think they ship their breads from Chinatown in NYC, but there's almost no place else you can get Asian breads besides Sumi's bakery and Bubble Pi in Squirrel Hill.On weekends, they sell fresh tofu which they make in house. Relatively speaking, Lotus is very small compared to an Asian food market not in Pittsburgh, but being that Pittsburgh lacks a lot of good Asian restaurants and groceries in general, this place is great.
4	Lotus foods is a complete Asian Grocery stocking everything from fresh produce and tofu running the gamut from soup to soy nuts.  Super affordable, and if you are looking to add some Asian Flare to your cooking, well..... you will find it here, OH and if you can not find it here, you will not find it in the United States.  Even if you have no interest in cooking Asian, browse this grocery, I bet you will buy something.  They have really cool chopsticks and amazing Kimchi (who doesn't like Kimchi ??)  The only problem you will find, is that you will not be able to communicate with the staff very well, so spare yourself asking any questions.  I am pretty sure that they understand English (I mean really ???  How long has this store been in the Strip ??) however; they kind of choose not to communicate with patrons.  That aside, Lotus will expand your culinary ventures.  Give it a try, even if you just pick up a bottle of their soda/pop which has directions on how to open it.   It's by the registers, you will be fully amused.
4	Put some time into learning how to shop this store and you will be greatly rewarded.  Excellent values all over the place, and things you can't find anywhere else.  I especially like the produce department.  Lotus is one of only 4 stores I always have to shop when I visit the strip.
4	This is a great Asian food store and they have a lot of fresh vegatables.
2	After an unpleasant experience at Lotus Grocery on 17 February 2014, I want to caution customers to be careful when paying with cash at the store.  My order was $3.08.  I gave the glum and cold middle aged female cashier $10.10.  She put the $10 bill in the till and gave me $2.02 change, which would have been correct had I given her a $5 bill.  I told her that I gave her a ten dollar bill, and she repeatedly insisted that I did not.I went to the mean middle aged man who appears to be manager or owner and told him of the problem.  He was not interested in hearing it and it eventually fell into the lap of a short, middle aged woman who also appears to be manager, and is one of the nicer people on the staff.I got nowhere until I asked that a count of the register receipts.  The woman who  appears to be in management suggested that I leave my phone number and that I would be called after the store closes and a count is completed. That was not acceptable to me. I asked that a count be conducted while I waited and she agreed.  As she counted and recounted, I waited patiently.  She ultimately concluded that I was right and gave me my $5.00.  She apologized multiple times; the clerk who would have cheated me out of $5 did not.I will be careful when shopping at this store.  I will try to pay with one dollar bills in the future and will announce how much money I am handing to the cashier. There is a bitter taste in my mouth about Lotus Grocery.  Of all places for this to happen, it would have to be one where there is a language barrier and where most of the employees are dismissive of the customer.  This is not Giant Eagle!
4	I feel like I need to be more prepared before I go back to Lotus. I feel as though I have no right to be in there unless I know exactly what I'm looking for. Normally I just grab some green tea (they sell it in bulk size and it's super cheap) and haul ass to the register, but one day I decided to browse because it was a Monday morning and I wasn't in anyone's way. Recently I decided that I should round out my cooking a bit with some Asian cuisine, so I've been tentatively trying this and that. Since everything was turning out edible, I was feeling pretty dang successful and thought I was ready to tackle something more exotic. "I'll go to Lotus!" I thought. Hah. I was not prepared for the overwhelming selections of everything, half of which I had no clue what it was for and would not know how to cook it properly. Also, there were a few things that I could only guess at what they were, due to everything being written in Chinese primarily. But I'm not one of those annoying white people that insists that everything should be in English just because we're in America. I kind of enjoy the mystery of wondering what everything is. Next time though, I'm making a grocery list before I come in and educating myself a bit. I've been humbled!
5	This is hands-down the best Asian grocery I have visited in Pittsburgh. It is a huge store and is really well-organized so you can find what you are looking for pretty quickly. The absolute best thing about this place is the fresh tofu. Besides tasting better than the stuff from the regular store, it is outrageously cheap--$1 for 3 pieces (3 pieces = about 1 & 1/2 blocks of packaged tofu) They have a great section of Asian-style noodles, snacks, and sauces, with the brand variety you will never get at a typical grocery store. They also have a really good selection of fresh produce that is hard to find in other stores.Be warned, the products do not always have English translations. This doesn't mean newbies aren't welcome, it just means you might make a few mistakes on the way. The store clerks are usually not very helpful because 1) this place runs on a very small staff and everyone is always busy, and 2) many of the employees don't speak English very well. The small staff is part of the reason this place is so cheap, so cut them a break. As for the language barrier--it's a traditional Asian grocery store, so yes, English is not their first language; don't be surprised. I don't consider these detriments because this store perfectly suits my needs. It is definitely not an introductory course in Asian cuisine, so don't expect anyone to hold your hand. But if you know what you are looking for, or if you are just feeling adventurous and willing to make a few mistakes, this place is worth a look.
5	While I buy most of my essential produce and groceries across the street from Market Outlet, Lotus is THE place to go for specialty Asian groceries, including noodles, snacks, veggies, cooking sauces and oils, and tofu. And not just packaged fridge/shelf tofu, which is still cheaper here than anywhere else. I'm talking FRESH TOFU made on Saturdays and Sundays only. At 60 cents per block, it so insanely blows any other tofu provider in Pittsburgh out of the water. I usually bring a tupperware container and fill it up with six or seven blocks at a time. Then I keep one or two fresh in my fridge as a soft tofu option, and freeze the rest (ever frozen tofu? I highly recommend trying it, it creates a fantastic texture once cooked).If you're planning a night of making homemade sushi, dumplings, spring rolls, or stir fry, or any other delicious Asian cuisine, go here for the best, cheapest supplies!They have all your crazy Asian processed foods too, like snacks and candies and pre-packaged noodle soups, but those ain't my cup of tea. Oh, which they also have. A LOT of.One last note: $5 minimum on the card, but if you show a student ID, you get a small discount!
1	If I can give haft a star I would. Never shop at this Asian grocery since Many more open. Owner and employee alike no manners and nasty. Sorry guys it's the truth.
4	This is our stop right after Stan's Market for all the other "uncommon" fresh produce. They offer a wide variety of fresh produce including some that are unfamiliar to most Pittsburghers. Besides produce,  they sell all sorts of asian packaged foods and goods.Our bi-monthly visit here is mostly for the super cheap fresh produce and tofu. Our list of Vegetables usually include the Mustard Green, few different types of bok-choy and spinach along with some herbs like cilantro, mint , basil etc. Like Stan's the vegetables here are super cheap and fresh but unlike Stan's you don't really need to double check them :) since they're usually very fresh and of good quality.If you're not an avid cook - you might want to try some of the wide varieties of Ramen and packaged food this place has to offer.
5	Love this store! It absolutely stinks, but the prices and the foods you find here you won't be able to find anywhere else. Has the best sweet chili sauce. Beware though, rarely anything has english labels on it.
3	Lots of options, good prices. Occasionally have picked up spoiled products, and it's very tight and crowded during the weekends.
