5	Contrary to h.k's experience at changes, mine was excellent. The salon is pretty trendy and stylish. The receptionist was friendly and helpful. My stylist was extremely nice and listened to me. I believe her name was kieland. I didn't get the snobby Scottsdale vibe I was expecting. Overall it was a nice experience and I would highly recommend it.
4	I have to admit I am very, very picky about who cuts my hair.  When I moved to Scottsdale from Los Angeles my biggest worry was who was going to cut my hair!  I know most people worry about where they will live, or where they will be working.  No, my worry was my hair.  Well, I did try several of the very expensive salons in Scottsdale, but my haircut kept getting more emo and worse every time.A friend of mine took me to see her new hairdresser at an Aveda salon. And a long story short...I now go to Changes to see Tasha every couple of weeks.  She has cut my hair perfectly.  I have not had someone cut my hair this well in many years! I have always had a great experience here.  She is the cutest, most amazing thing around! The staff is always very friendly, and I have to say they even recognize my voice on the phone now before I say my name.  The salon is trendy and cute, but without being pretentious.  And the stylists that work there have a great rapport, and always help each other out.  I would seriously recommend trying this salon. I could not be not been happier!  AHHHH-MAZING!
3	I've lived in the Valley for 2 years and still haven't completely settled on a stylist. I visited changes after going without a cut for 5 months and was pretty happy. I beleive my stylist was Stephanie. She was very nice and did a good job. Nothing amazing, but it looked good. I was in a play and couldn't do anything drastic. the space itself is great and the prices are really reasonable. My only complaint was the repoire i had with the stylist. It's hard to find the balance between talking my ear off and being completely silence. I might try this place again but with a different person.
1	Had been going there for a while and ended up with bland versions of the same style.  But since it seemed safe, I took my daughter with me for my son's wedding for a trim and style.  She was done before me and left crying.  I was reduced to a solitary wow when I saw the source of her anguish - the "stylist" had chopped off a random chunk of her naturally curly hair in the back for who knows why.  It took forever to grow out.  The same day my stylist double booked me and was racing back and forth between me and another woman.  Just dumb.  I never went back and suggest you avoid this place like a pair of cheap shoes.
