5	I recently brushed a road cone and damaged the paint job my Honda Accord (near the right head light which was also damaged).  I took the car to Body Works Plus for an estimate.  Some of streaks looked bad enough to warrant a repaint of the area and a new headlight,Rather than push an expensive repaint, I was advised to go with the less expensive option (buffing).  I was very happy with the advice and the result.  The car ended up looking good as new (and no need for a new headlight).  They even washed the car down.The employees took the time to answer my (many and repeated) questions - and I was given rides to and from the local bakery (Amelie's Bakery) for the duration of the repairs.  Rental cars (and free loaners when available) are also an option.My experience was positive and I will go again should I have more car issues.
5	Do you feel like these places typically rake you over the coals?!  Look no further!  I am grateful my friend originally referred me to BWP.  They are honest, extremely fair in pricing, and always go the extra mile.  I'd recommend them all day long!!
5	When I had a tree fall on my car I was in between work contracts and insurance wouldn't cover all of the damages. By some sort of I was refereed to BWP. After talking with the owner, Brian, most of my worries were over. He was very reasonable about getting my car fixed up all the way for a price that was within my insurance limit.Thanks to BWP, my car looks brand new, just like it did before a tree fell on and I don't have to take the bus to my new job! The customer care his above and beyond that of any body shop I have been to before.
5	Body Works Plus on Parkwood Dr in Charlotte is the best car body repair. We have used them for a couple of repair jobs and they have always given great service in a timely fashion at a fair price. We wouldn't go anywhere else and highly recommend them. You can follow your car's repair progress on their website to stay informed. This is great customer service.
5	Body Works Plus is amazing and we wouldn't go anywhere else to have our cars repaired.  We have used them twice and they offer great service at a fair price and leave your car looking brand new.  You can follow the progress of your car's repair over the website, which is a really neat feature. We really appreciate how they constantly keep you informed and deliver on time.  Do not go anywhere else for your repairs.  The Keretses Family
5	This place is the ONLY place in CLT for quality body work!.. Great work ethic, quality people, honest pricing and great customer service!  Our daughter's car was fixed in two days and looked superb when returned.  Body Works Plus is the genuine real deal!
5	Nobody wants to be doing business at a body shop for the most part but these folks make it a pleasure. You get text updates on the status of your vehicle and they work with insurance to make the process painless. Don't hesitate to get your work done here if your car gets a boo-boo
5	I would highly recommend Body Works Plus to anyone in the Charlotte area that is in need of body work. My experience with Brian, MeLisa and the rest of the staff was very positive. They were friendly, courteous, and professional. My final bill was was completely in line with what was originally quoted... i.e. no "hidden fees" or extras. My vehicle was ready in the time they estimated it would be. They have an option to text you along the way to keep you informed of the status of your vehicle. They detailed the car for me as well, which was a very nice gesture.
5	Body Works is one of the best businesses I've ever dealt with. Even with all of my frustration after a minor crash, the owner was patient with me and helped me with my car. He knew I wasn't getting it fixed there (as I had to drive to Ohio) but was honest, friendly and helpful and even recommended some shops in Ohio. I almost canceled my trip back just to get my car fixed here. Great shop!
