5	I may not have much experience buying mattresses, but my experience at Best Mattress made me not fear doing so in the future!  Dudley, the manager who assisted me, worked hard to help me understand what one should be looking for when purchasing a mattress, and diligently kept within my price range when showing me potential candidates.  I HATE "salesmen" who try and upsell EVERYTHING, regardless of what you've declared you'd like to spend, and I didn't experience this once while I was there.  I'd definitely go back!!
5	I needed another mattress and decided to go back to Best Mattress because I was very pleased with my first experience at Best Mattress. The only difference is that I went to another store closer to where I live. Upon entering the store the salesman Cameron greeted me with a friendly welcome. He was very helpful and knowledgeable and assisted me with choosing the correct mattress for my needs. I am very happy with my purchase and also with the Great Deal I received. I would also like to say the delivery guys were awesome they were on time and very friendly. I would highly recommend this store to anyone who is looking for a Mattress.
1	BUYER BEWARE!!I recently purchased a high end Simmons mattress from this store.  After they delivered it, we noticed that it was extremely firm! nothing like the mattress we laid on in the store. We were told by our Salesman Cameron that it would soften up, which it never really did.  After weeks of waking up with back aches, we decided to return the mattress and try something different.  That's when we learned their "120 day comfort guarantee" or your money back, is very deceptive.  Since they had matched a competitors price on the original mattress, we needed them to match a competitors price our replacement mattress in order to have an even or similar exchange.  When I asked my salesman Cameron if they would match a competitors price on the replacement mattress, he got very rude and condescending.  He said that because they were taking back the original mattress, they were doing me a favor, so I would have to pay full list price for the replacement mattress and pay the difference, which was hundreds of dollars more!  We didn't like the way he treated us so we decided to just returned the mattress and got with hit with an OUTRAGOUS 20% RESTOCKING FEE!! and another $70 delivery fee for them to pick it up!  So that's how they get you...you either pay full price for another mattress (if the original one doesn't work out)plus another delivery fee, or you get hit with a huge 20% restocking fee and another delivery charge.  Based on a friend's recommendation we went up the street to MATTRESS FIRM in Boca Park west, where we eventually got a great deal on a new mattress! They not only matched the competitors price, they beat it by 10%!  Our salesman Scott and Marvell were very courteous and professional, and the best part is that if the mattress doesn't work out and you can't find a replacement, they will give you a FULL REFUND minus a $60 delivery fee.. NO RESTOCKING FEE!!
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!I concur with D L's review.The initial sales push was okay, but the longer it went on the less patience the sales person (Melissa) had. We settled on a fairly expensive mattress and awaited delivery.The mattress we received did not feel the same as it did in the store. Much more firm than in the store. In addition, there was a small stain on a corner that we did not notice until a few days after delivery.We haven't been able to sleep well since delivery.It's been about 1 week, and we know that the mattress needs to be returned as it's not acceptable. Went to the store asking if there could be something done about the 30 day policy, and was told emphatically no. Cameron then jumped in, rudely, and said a contract is a contract, nothing can be done.When we told them about the stain, Melissa got agitated as if we were accusing her of wrong doing. She blamed us for not telling the delivery guy (we didn't notice until a few days after delivery). Are they selling us a used mattress? We'll never know. Melissa had no interest on following up on that issue.I have my own business, and a contract is never just a contract. If it's good for customer good will or service, contract rules can be bent. This store is unwilling to do that.Seems that it's up to us to resolve the problem on our own. The sales staff kept saying that they can do nothing, they have no control. Really? They have the ability to write contracts, why not have the ability to satisfy customers?If you want a good buying experience, go elsewhere.
5	Cameron and his team deliver a quality experience, from helping me find the right bed all the way to the delivery service. I personally shopped around the other local mattress stores and really did not feel comfortable with the aggressive sale tactics by the other stores. Cameron keeps this to a minimum, which I appreciate.
