4	I love Mexican food. I could live off of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. From awful (not even close to real Mexican) Taco Bell bean burritos, to some of the most amazing food (Mexican or otherwise) that I had in a variety of restaurants in San Diego... GIVE ME TACOS NOW.Yesterday in the full on miserable chaos of Pittsburgh's Southside St. Patrick's Day celebration, we decided to go for Mexican rather than bar food. I could not have been happier. This was, without a doubt in my mind, the highlight of a rainy obnoxious holiday that the majority uses as an excuse to be poorly mannered. Walking into the establishment in an area of the Southside that I rarely venture to (Not a big fan of gentrification of most city's neighborhoods.) was a pleasant surprise. The hosting staff was friendly and attentive even on a very busy day like Saturday was. We were immediately seated and our drink orders were taken. Truth be told, I'm a beer girl at heart. I can no pass up a decent margarita on the rocks. While $9 was a little steep for me as far as drinks go (mainly because I rarely want to have just ONE margarita), the pomegranate margarita on the rocks was delicious. Served the first time with a slice of lime and the second time with a slice of orange, I preferred the pomegranate with orange slice combo best.The menu is a little pricey but this isn't Taco Bell. They have a lot of authentic Mexican choices and I honestly had a difficult time choosing. The complimentary chips and salsa were delicious, fresh, and quickly refilled. In the end I kept it simple and went with the grilled carne asada tacos. The meat was delicious and the salsa and beans/rice/etc was really well cooked.In all the service was great, the food was delicious if a bit pricey, and the drinks were spectacular. While not an "all the time" place for me, it's a great once in a while dinner.
3	I had a pretty nice time here. I live only a few blocks away, but never visited until I had a coupon for a free appetizer.My roommate and I came later in the evening, and there was no wait to be seated. The margaritas were on special for happy hour, and even though it was only lime & rocks for the special, I got one and was pleasantly surprised. I'm not usually a fan of lime margaritas OR margaritas on the rocks, but this one was tasty, for only $3.00.The chips and salsa were really good--the salsa was thick but not chunky--the kind I love, and the chips were crisp but not oily how they can sometimes be at restaurants.For our free appetizer we got queso con carne. I just thought it was so-so. It tasted too much like ground beef--I guess I was expecting something that tasted more like cheesy chili. Oh well, it was free.I got the chimichangas for my entree, and I thought they were good, nothing special, but good. I really liked the rice and beans on the side though.Since I only live a few blocks away, I'll probably be back.
4	I am so glad to have finally found good Mexican food in Pittsburgh!  This place is wonderful.  They have a large selection of authentic Mexican dishes, and many vegetarian options.  Chips and salsa come gratis, and the pint margarita ($2.99 on Mondays) I ordered was fantastic.  This place has drink specials every day, all day--even on weekends.  I would give them 5 stars, but the service was sloooow.  It doesn't matter, though, we'll definitely be back for the food.
4	My best friend used to work at the Emiliano's in the North Hills and didn't have great things to say about the place (namely that her paychecks repeatedly bounced) so I was sort of skeptical.  I ended up being pleasantly surprised.There was no wait for a table for 2 at 6:00 on a Friday night.  Our waiter asked us for drinks, promptly brought them, and was great about refilling them throughout the meal.  The menu is pretty extensive, as is the drinks/dessert menu.  I was not feeling any of the vegetarian options (no cheese chiles rellenos :( ) so I did a Create Your Own Combo, as did my roommate.  I got 2 cheese enchiladas with rice and refritos ($8.49); he got a chicken burrito, a chicken enchilada, and a beef quesadilla with rice and refritos ($9.49).  We were both enjoying the free chips and salsa when the food arrived.  Almost too quickly - makes me wonder if it was pre-prepared and just microwaved.At any rate, it was good.  There's not too much to say about cheese enchiladas, rice, and beans, but they were good.  My roommate enjoyed all his food as well.  We ordered a fried ice cream for dessert, which was very good.  Total before tip was about $28.I really enjoyed this place - it wasn't crowded, service was really quick, and it seemed like a pretty good value.  I definitely wouldn't mind coming back.
4	Randomly driving through bloomfield, my wife and I saw our friend chuck at a bus stop and picked him up. Chuck was heading towards the Beehive in south side so we gave him a lift and on the way stopped for a quick bite at Emiliano's. Needless to say, I was pretty surprised with everything. Decently priced, and Delicious. I ordered the Enchiladas Poblanas, and the mole sauce was amazing. At only $9.99, it was definately on par with what I would expect to pay. My wife's fish tacos were also really good, and with the sides it came with was way too much food, always a good thing. The only complaint was our waitress, she was not very involved with our table aside from the occasional refill. She kind of disappeared til it was time to pay. Other then that everything was great!
4	Safe. I know that sounds like a mediocre review, but I love knowing of places that are safe to bring anyone to, where you're confident they will leave at least content in the belly. This place is a bit run of the mill in decor. No one is going to write home about how cool it is. However, it is clean and comfortable and after two visits, I feel pretty confident in the quality of what I would call Tex-mex. There may be more "authentic" Mexican food on the menu, but I stuck with the burrito both times. The service is good, frozen margaritas are tasty, food is yummy and tummy gets filled for a reasonable price. I guess 5 stars would be the best, but I lived in Austin for 2 years, so my scale is skewed.
5	An authentic Mexican place. A lot like joints in el paso.
2	For the price, the food is bland and tasteless.  There is nothing mexican about this place.  Even the margaritas suck.  Also, they put taco loco out of business.  Screw you emilianos.
2	We stopped in for lunch because The Library wasn't open yet. The food was good. My companion had the Emiliano's special which was 2 plates full of food (you get one of everything - taco, enchilada, burrito, tostada, relleno, and tamale served with rice and beans). I got a create-your-own combo which I'm always a fan of. Service was inexplicably sloooow, we were one of 5 tables seated, There was a sign on our table that advertised guacamole "hand crafted at your table!" - it wasn't. The guac itself was okay, a little too smooth for my liking, I want to see chunks of creamy avocado and leaves of cilantro. This would have been a good experience if not for the fact that we each got a bloody mary. BIG BIG BIG mistake. It was basically tomato juice and turpentine with a rim of salt. If you're not going to put horseradish, Worcestershire, and Tabasco in it, don't call it a bloody mary!! Was it really too much to ask for a garnish (celery? olives? a lime wedge?) I even had to add hot sauce and salt. Needless to say I had to chug it in order to get it down. Oh, did I mention they were $8 a piece? Pure lunacy! Will we go back? Probably not.
4	One thing that I love about Emiliano's is the serving sizes. I am a pretty hefty eater, but I know that when I go here I will leave with a full stomach, and sometimes even some leftovers.The prices are pretty good. Upon glancing at the menu one might think that they're a little high, but for the amount of food you get, it's a good price.The food is also pretty good. I've never really had anything I didn't like, and I've tried the tacos, flautas, burritos, arroz con pollo and more. Then again, I've never had anything that's completely wowed me either, which is why I'm only giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  Overall, Emiliano's is a nice restaurant with some buena comida.
5	You don't get much better than Emilianos in my opinion. Quality all around, in their food and in their "knock you on your a$$" marharitas. My go-to for Mexican without a doubt.
5	Mexican food is my absolute favorite....and I am very picky when it comes to great Mexican cuisine...This place is awesome. Emilianos is the best place to get authentic Mexican in the city. Period.
1	Not good...store bought ingredients and had little flavor.  My dad is an eating machine and he hardly touched half of his emilianos special.
3	We went on March 12, 2011... and we were a party of 10... 6 adults and 4 kids... we had to wait like 20 min for our table... which I guess is average for a busy night....  but we had to wait a lot for our food and constantly remind our waiter for our apettizers... I asked the waiter to please bring the kids food before.. so it was like 30 min later and the rest of the food was served like 40 min later..I had the spicy shrimp... ok.. but not wow... Rice and beans were good.. Overall it is ok but more like a Tex-mex restaurant not  authentic Mexican..
2	First of all I just want to iterate that the food at this establishment was pretty good.  Now that that's out of the way I would like the management at this place was absolutely horrible (that's the main reason for the lower score).  I visited this restaurant on Cinco De Mayo and obviously this place was packed (that's understandable).  The day prior a friend of mine called to see if there was any specials going on during the day of the visit and they told her there was $4 Margaritas and $1 Dos Equis bottles.  Awesome.  Upon arriving I was told that this wasn't true (by the manager) in a very condescending manner and that another special (advertised on a chalk board outside of the restaurant) was not in effect either.  At first the manager didn't even believe that the special was advertised on the chalk board until a friend of mine actually showed him at which point the manager said the only special was $4 margaritas.  There were other points of misinformation presented that I won't go into but suffice to say that I won't ever go back here again and not on the account of the food (which was excellent) but the management.
5	My Dad and I frequent the Emiliano's located in the North Hills once a week - I would go every day if I could but that would be horrible for the diet/figure. That being said, this is 1 of the BEST Mexican restaurants that has graced itself upon the Pittsburgh area!!! It is authentic as it gets, delicious every time, great service (we get the same wonderful waitress every week, Natasha), beautiful decor, great drinks & just a relaxed ambiance. I've been to them all, a lot of 5 star restaurants in and around the area and nothing compares to Emiliano's! I would chose this place over Morton's, Ruth Chris or Monterey Bay almost any day! This is in my honest opinion a true Pittsburgh Gem and is 1 of the only true Mexican Restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. Mad Mex is a bunch of tex mex garbage, El Campesino's is unsanitary (look for annual write ups in the Post Gazette on El Campy's). The only other Mexican Restaurants that can hold a match to Emiliano's would be Patrons in Wexford or the Franklin Inn on Rochester Road (North Hills) (although is not authentic Mexican by any means but still very good!). So, please disregard the nay sayers or the Debbie downers and check this place out - I have never been disappointed in all my years and I believe you won't be either : ) Enjoy!
4	New restuarant and a welcome addition to the South Side neighborhood. My wife and I enjoyed their fajitas and enchiladas.  The Mexican beer selection was great.  The service was prompt and the atmosphere was good for conversation.  We were there on a weeknight which never seems to be too crowded here.  This is a quality joint that I would recommend to anyone.
2	Mexican food has gotta give you a kick in the butt...and I mean that in the nicest way possible.  You have to have that special pizazz in your pico, zest in your mex, taste in your taco....you get the point!  Coming here there's no kick, no punch, not even a wimpy slap in the face.  I agree with Beth M, it's just bland.  I ordered a chicken burrito and the chicken was that stringy kind you get in a can.  They had to have stuffed the whole can in because all I could really taste was bland chicken with a little bit of lettuce, tomato, etc.  The rice and re-fried beans were exactly the same.  No real taste.  I was pretty disappointed in everything BUT....FREE CHIPS AND SALSA!  I get pretty bitter when chips and salsa aren't offered for free, so this was the only plus.  I scarfed down enough to make myself not as bitter about the food.  So maybe stop in for the chips and salsa....you'll potentially look cheap...but hey, the food should be better!
5	This is the best Mexican food I've had in Pittsburgh. The food is awesome, margaritas are excellent, and the prices are really inexpensive. Definitely going back and recommend to anyone.
3	I have eaten here several times. I highly recommend looking for the "Emiliano's Specialties" which are marked on the menu and ordering one of those and skipping the standard Mexican Restaurant fare if you want something different or really authentic. Things like the cheese enchiladas and chicken fajitas are pretty pedestrian. I mean, they taste the same here as they did at most other restaurants - if that is what you are hungry for, you will be pleased. I have gotten both of those items and been completely satisfied with their quality because I haven't expected them to be better than all the others I have had. When a restaurant has a large menu, you can pretty much assume the basics aren't going to have a lot of extras going into them, you know?If you're looking for something more authentic, the chili rellenos that are marked with the "house specialty" icon are really good. Their corn flour has a unique, sweet flavor that balances well with the pepper and cheese. If you're looking for something more TexMex the chicken with bacon and Monterrey Jack cheese fajitas are really tasty. The bacon is just an unexpected salty/smokey flavor that pairs well with the creamy cheese and roasted peppers and onions. I like their salsa, but if you don't like cilantro, you might not. I have gotten their chips warm and room temp, the warm ones were MUCH better. Also, I love that they refill the chips and salsa for free. If the first batch isn't warm, you have a second chance. My main reason for not giving the place 4 stars is the service, which is more hit and miss. I have gotten excellent service here when it's been packed and marginal (possibly untrained, hard to tell) service here when it's pretty empty. Last time we were there, all the tables around us received much better service because they had a different server.
4	Queso fundido (appetizer made at table-side on a super hot cast iron plate) and Pollo Mexicano was too much food for a 1-person lunch but EXCELLENTE!  They may have surpassed El Campesino as my favorite local Mexican place.  Very good service also.  I need to go to the gym multiple times after that lunch but I left with a smile on my face.  I have tried 3 different things on last 3 visits and all were excellent.  Who said you could not find good Mexican food in Pittsburgh?
5	My FAVORITEEEEEEEE!!!!BEST margaritas (on the rocks...without salt!) and the food is amazing :)
2	The chips and salsa are good here, but I'd give the food a solid "meh."
3	The service is hit or miss, but the food is almost always great. The staff was all eating lunch at the same time one day when we came in. They had to fight over who was going to get up to seat and serve us.
3	Decent food @ a decent price. Service was fast & attentive. Enjoyed the choripollo tacos w/ pico de gallo & chili/tomatilla sauce. Spicy!!! Gf ordered the chicken tortilla grilled sandwich- more of a "loaded" quesadilla w/ guac & cheese on top and she liked it. A nice alternative to southside chains.
4	Exceeded my expectations! I love all the delicious options they have on the menu and they have a vegetarian section! Had an amazing margarita that the server helped me custom make! Really enjoyed my meal and the great service!
4	EVERYTHING HERE IS GOOD! The fishbowl size margaritas are bound to get any night started on a good note. Their fajitas are my favorite. I think I have had em all. If you are nearby you MUST stop in and have a bite or a drink. The staff is always welcoming!
3	This place is A-Ok in my book.  Very clean interior and friendly restaurant staff meet you upon entering Emilianos.  Pretty extensive options on the menu food wise.  As soon as you sit down, you're given some pretty amazing chips and salsa, which are FREE!Next,  I ordered the tacos de carne asada.  Pretty good steak, but I've had better in the Pittsburgh area.  The salsa that came with the carne asada tacos was very good, but I spiced it up even more with some habanero hot sauce.  Overall, I would come back, because I like the ambiance here and the servers are extra friendly.  Not a bad place to grab a drink either.
2	Yeeeeah. This place was okay. Unfortunately for them, I loooove Mexican food and this was my first fix in months. So from lack of delicious Mexican food, my standards had risen. Sure, they have free chips and salsa. That's standard, right? I though the service was a little slow once the check was dropped, but will say, for lunch, the price and quickness of the food was decent. It may have had something to do with the fact that there was only 2 other people in the place. I've had better, but don't know where in Pittsburgh. Anyone? Hello? Is this thing on?
5	Excellent Mexican food. A nice resteraunt with festive but relaxed atmosphere. Manager was very nice and professional. Highly recommended.
3	I ordered Shrimp fajitas. The shrimp were plump and juicy and the dish had a lot of kick to it.  The food is fun and festive and the margaritas are served blended. They have a huge margarita machine cranking behind the bar. Emilianos has an upbeat and festive atmosphere. I think it fits perfectly in the South Side works.The menu is your standard Mexican fair, enchiladas, burritos, Chimichangas. One of the more creative dishes I've tried was the Camarones Cobijados seasoned shrimp wrapped in baconThis place is fun for dates the wait staff is personable and they also have a full bar.
5	I am utterly addicted and in love with the cheesy goodness that are the 'Enchiladas Suizas" (cheese only version). The chips and salsa are both homemade and delectable. We eat here at least once per week and the staff are friendly and accommodating. I would recommend, as I have lived in TX and AZ and may be a Mexican food connoisseur. Yummy Tummy! :)
3	Came here with a huuuuge group of 18 people, and we were seated instantly, orders taken, served, bam, bam, bam. Our waiter was incredibly friendly, if a tad on the demure side. Free chips and salsa for all, did anyone mention that? OF COURSE THEY DID because it is very nearly a phenomenon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (Can we get the Mexican Restaurant League of Carbohydrate Advocates on this? What is the deal?) I myself was seduced by their incredibly sensuous (yes) guacamole, which goes for only 2.99 a bowl, as opposed to the national mean of 4.99 (Christine-generated statistics. I've been to Texas. And California. Hey!). It was amazing. I almost ordered it again, but then I saw churros sticking out of a martini glass filled with ice cream and was intrigued...but then I ordered flan with ice cream because I wanted to try the homemade flan instead. The flan itself was not the texture I am used to...it was more like extra firm tofu, but the caramel sauce was caramel-y? I had a chicken fajita from my neighbor's plate and it was good, but I thought perhaps they could benefit by making their own flour tortillas? Always fluffier, always impress in a Mexican restaurant. Prices are on the steeper end, but, once again, must be a Pittsburgh thing (what is the DEAL?). Next time I will be going straight for the sangria margarita I've heard so much about, and laying waste to more chips.
3	Winding down our last night in town, our group decided that dinner was in order, and it needed to be Mexican. After doing some Yelping, and finding that it was one of the only places open that fairly cheap, and had a diverse enough menu to cater to everyone, we decided to head to Emilianos Mexican Grill & Bar. After about a ten minute cab ride from downtown, we were ready to feast.After arriving, we were seated promptly, and given our complimentary chips and salsa. As far as the menu goes, this place has all the standard offerings you would find at any similar Mexican restaurant, not that that is a bad thing necessarily. The food itself was pretty tasty, and I made sure to clean my plate. Is it something insanely awesome? Not really, but it does the trick.Along with the good food and service, Emilianos was exceptionally clean, which is always a plus when dining out. If I lived in the area, I could see myself dining here a lot.
4	Emiliano's never ceases to amaze me with their portions in... everything! I got a pitcher of lime margarita on the rocks to split with my friend and it was enough to gracefully put, get you plastered gloriously. The food has always been quite yummy, although I do wish they do a little better job with their presentation. Overall, very happy with this place and would come back always! One small recommendation: I think it would be awesome to have some TVs put in the dining area showing Telemundo Spanish soap operas. I cannot get enough of the drama.
4	I'm not sure if I love this place or if I just love cheesy Mexican and drinks with tequila... but I'm going with I love this place.Best thing hands down on the menu are the chorizo tacos.  They are in the back of the menu marked "grilled tacos" and you will most likely miss it.  Don't.  And get these.  They are spicy and simple (two corn taco shells - authentic and soft - for each of the three tacos you get filled simply with their spicy and yummy chorizo).  They give you two sauces and a fresh lime to jazz them up.Friends got the fajitas and seemed to really like them and I would also recommend the Queso Fundito and Chicken Nachos for group munching.If you leave here hungry and completely sober, you have not done your job properly.PS - Nothing screams authenticity like misspellings on an "ethnic" menu.  CHARMING.PPS - When I found out this was a chain - local, but still a chain - I cried a little inside.  I stick to the Southside location and try to forget there's one on McNightmare.  Makes me feel better.
2	Vegans and vegetarians beware. Chicken stock in the rice, sausage in the black beans and butter in the refried beans! Wish we woulda stuck with mad mex. Waitress is very nice though.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place. We went for lunch. My son loved the complimentary chips and salsa. I ordered the chicken and rice soup for him but ended up eating it myself (he was more interested in the chips). The soup was awesome. I love the avocado, Spanish rice and tomatoes in it. For our meal, I ordered steak fajitas. It came with refried beans, lettuce, rice, tomato, and guacamole. All together it was a tasty meal  After having the soup, I took half of my meal home. Not a bad lunch for less than $10.
3	We wanted to try a traditional Mexican restaurant for the first time since moving to Pittsburgh from Phoenix.  Emilianos won the lottery!  The restaurant was open and clean.  We were seated right away at around 5:30 PM on a Saturday.  The chips and salsa were tasty (we love the traditional thin tortillas).  My wife ordered a sangria and I ordered a regular margarita.  Both were tasty and strong!  Wifey ordered Camarones Vallerta - we both loved it...especially the sauce.  I had fish tacos (I'm obsessed with them).  I was hoping for baja style (avacado, cabbage, pico, etc.), but they were just fried fish on tortillas with some side fixin's.  Overall, decent experience.  We will try again some day...
1	The food here is great, fresh and spicy and delicious. The service is also great, there's almost never a wait and the staff are quick and kind.  Specifically, the refried beans are amazing and the veggie fajitas rock.The poor review is for their rice being made with chicken stock even though it's listed on their menu under vegetarian. It is NOT VEGETARIAN.  Thanks to the waitress who brought it to our attention, shame on the inconsiderate kitchen manager that decided to lie to his/her clientele. We will not be visiting here again unless they update their menu or change their recipe.
3	Good Americanized Mexican food. Some of the best nachos in Pittsburgh (my boyfriend and I LOVE our nachos)! It's hard not to fill up on the free (bottomless) chips and salsa. We would usually split an order of the nachos and be comfortably satisfied. You will definitely have leftovers if you get an appetizer and entrees. Big portions, average entrees, decent drinks (margaritas).
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Lunch margaritas are my favorite. I now crave their fish tacos and taco salads ALL THE TIME. Remodeled their bar a while back, looks amazing...lots of TVs. Tableside guac is also another must-have.
4	I stopped in for an after work Margarita with some work friends.It was huge, strong, and def yummy!  :)i wish that I would have stayed for dinner, but after reading the reviews, I KNOW that I need to go back and check out the eats!  ;)So far, so good... my curiosity is def piqued!  :)
4	First time there. Large group for lunch. Everyone enjoyed the meal.
3	All in all, it was pretty good. The service was good, the margaritas were good, but the food was just okay. Starting with the service - we were greeted immediately by a friendly hostess. The could have seated us immediately, but we choose to sit at the bar. The bartender was also very friendly and attentive. I ordered whichever margarita was on special, and although it was pre-mixed, it was delicious. The food on the other hand was a little disappointing. I thought my quesadillas were a bit bland, but my friend loved her carnitas nachos, so maybe it was an off-night for quasadillas.I'll be back for more margaritas, and will update my review if I change my mind about the food.
5	Great margaritas and wonderful food!
3	Okay, so I have to say that I expected subpar generic Mexican food. However, I was happily surprised to find that there were some authentic Mexican dishes. I was also very happy with the extra spicy salsa that was given to me after I requested something hotter than the normal salsa that they give to all tables. Good salsa provides the basis for all good Mexican food in my book. Most of the other food was average American / Mexican, but with half price draft beers, appetizers, and margaritas during happy hour who can complain? Their desserts were also pretty good. I guess I would say it's better than Mad Max but not as good as Los  Cabos or Verde .
5	Another trip to the south side made us wonder in for some MEXICAN food. This Place is very Nice . Very Clean & friendly. Not too loud and plenty of seating available.I ordered the Emilianos SPECIAL combo. DAMN You better be hungry to finish these TWO FULL plates of really good food. A taste of just about everything on the menu. Our Waiter was very helpful and made sure that everyone's drinks never empty. Including my Dos Equis .As usual the parking sucks in South Side , But , there is a garage across the street.  just plan to spend an extra $5.00 to park.
5	Loved it. For more authentic cuisine choose the food marked with a star. The waiter we had was fantastic.
3	I love Mexican cuisine, and in my opinion, Emiliano's is just "ok." The food presentation is lovely, but  the flavor was lacking for the most part. I will rave about their Sangria Margarita's, which are delish! Overall, the convenience of this location is cool, but if I have the time to go elsewhere for Mexican, I would.
3	The menu seemed to imply that the tacos were very good, so I decided to order a plate of fish tacos for myself and some fresh guacamole to share with my friends. The guacamole was good, but a small portion (especially for the price). The tacos were good too, but a bit smelly. My biggest critique was that they were over-priced; if I'm paying $12 for three tacos, then they better be some incredible tacos.On a positive note, Emiliano's had a nice atmosphere. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves with their giant margaritas. Overall, it's a nice restaurant but simply over-priced.
3	Emilano's is a great place to come for drinks, it's a cozy atmosphere with excellent service.  The prices are very reasonable and you can get a 32 oz dos equus for $8 or a tasty olympic swimming pool sized margarita fishbowl for just a little more.  I'd come here for drinks any time, but I'd save my appetite for somewhere more deserving.It's reasonably priced, but very processed and definitely not made from scratch.  Everything is very salty, but lacking in any other kick or flavor.  We got the sampler platter, and despite the fact that it had 6 different things including burritos, tacos, enchiladas, and tamales on it, they all tasted bland, processed and virtually identical.  Nothing here was bad, but it never ventured into the great zone either.  Bland food, great service and drinks.  Come thirsty, not hungry, and you'll have a wonderful night at Emilianos!
4	This isn't a gourmet mexican restaurant but I think the quality of food for the price is excellant. I live in the South Side and I stop by here for happy hour at least once a month. Even if you miss the happy hour bottles of wine are REALLLY reasonable ($20-25 for decent bottles)Note: The food is ready in about 5 minutes no matter how busy it is which is a plus for me!
3	Table.  Side.  Guacamole.  Need I say more?This is a tasty place to visit when you're in South Side Works.  Though their food is a little bland, maybe pre-made in some cases, it's a nice treat if you're looking to satisfy your hankering for fresh made tortilla chips or a tangy margarita.I've been here a few times thus far.  Recently I ordered a taco salad, since the weather was H-O-T and I couldn't consume anything heavy.  It wasn't the typical taco salad with the sour cream, salsa, and plop of meat.  My grilled chicken was flavorful and it was topped with delicious veggies that my stomach greatly appreciated.  I was unsure about the salad dressing, cilantro lime, but the waiter urged me to try it.  Kudos to him for that recommendation!  Sweet, tart, and LIGHT!  All of that with a crisp and tasty shell, I left one happy girl. OH!  I forgot to mention my Sangria Margarita - or as I call it - the Sangarita.  What a perfect combination.  Sweet, tart, tangy, with a kick of tequila - a cool summer cocktail which I will enjoy all summer long.I rate this a 3.5 - if the food was a bit more flavorful, it would be a solid 4.
4	The guacamole is a must get, and pay attention to the drink specials. The blue Margarita is delicious and also killer. Split a few meals and you'll be happy with te results - the portions are huge!
4	Food!  If u like Mexican, this is about the best in the Burgh.  If u come here, ask for Edgar!
4	I love to get the combination dinner - one or two entree items with two or three sides, from 8-12$ I think.  Everything is delicious.Drinks aren't bad either, had a couple 2 or 3$ bottles with dinner.Boyfriend's always asking when we can go again.  Favorite mexican food in Pittsburgh.
1	My Emiliano's experience was, in one word: horrific. Upon bringing the salsa and chips to our table, the waiter proceeded to dump the dish of salsa all over me, and my down jacket (it got on my suede shoes, jeans and other members of my party as well). The server was very apologetic, and I like to think that my party was understanding. After all, accidents happen to all of us. The waiter helped to mop the floor, and wipe down my jacket (albeit with a questionably sanitary dish rag) and apologized profusely. We asked to see the manager and explained the scenario to him. I asked that they comp the dry cleaning on my jacket, and he begrudgingly agreed. Our food came promptly, and was delivered by the manager. Upon handing my sister her plate, he said (under his breath): "Don't touch the plate, it's hot. I wouldn't want to have to pay for your hospital bill too."  We found this a little off-putting, but tucked into our meals anyway. The food was mediocre at best, and both me and my sister found the retried beans to be inedible. They tasted as if they had been burnt, or had liquid smoke added to them. The flavor was overpowering, and even a healthy dose of Cholula couldn't help. As we were leaving, another waiter made a snide comment about my request to comp my dry cleaning. Overall, our experience at Emiliano's was disappointing. The food was just mediocre, and wasn't nearly enough to make up for the treatment of the managers and waitstaff. (For clarity's sake: our personal waiter was very apologetic and understanding of the situation). I will never return.
2	I have been to Emilianos 3-5 times over the past several years. The service, food, and margaritas have always been OK or good, never terrible or great. I dined here most recently on Friday night with friends and ordered a margarita and chicken quesadilla. The margarita was all right, but I believe that Mad Mex serves up a much tastier margarita. The chicken quesadilla was pretty tasty, though I personally prefer slices of chicken to the shredded chicken in these quesadillas. Our waiter was nice enough but could have offered better service. Our chips and salsa were quickly eaten but never replaced, and I was never offered a second margarita. Overall, I don't dislike this restaurant but would select to dine at a Mad Mex instead any day.
5	I LOVE Emiliano's! I have been there a handful of times and every time has been a great experience. I consider this an upscale Mexican restaurant. The food is great. Margaria's are great. Service is great. A+ in my book
5	Food is great. Drinks are great. I usually go to take advantage of half off margaritas and mojitos. My favorite appetizer is the chorizo con queso and dish would be the chori pollo. I stay away from the pick 2, 3, or 4 meal deal as I don't feel it comes with the same quality as a regular dish. The staff is great and energetic, well at least the staff members I always run into!
5	The food was amazing and the service was one of the best. Thanks to our server Melisa.
5	Cheap and consistently good Mexican food. Quick and attentive staff. Never had a bad meal. Sampler is great. Love the beans.
4	My wife and I went with some friends from work to the Cranberry Twp location on a Saturday night. There was a short wait, but, nothing that I would consider unusual.We had great service, the waitress was very attentive, and the food was great. The food was seasoned well, but not over seasoned. Everything that was ordered came out hot, and quick.Price was very reasonable for what we ordered. Can't wait to go back again.
4	Top notch margaritas frozen and regular make your own with top shelf tequila margaritas and great chips and salsa and queso.  Who cares about the food.  Although I had the guacamole salad and suiza enchiladas and they were good.  It's a little on the high end $ for the quality of entree, but again who cares.  Did I mention chilled shot glasses.
5	We just tried this restaurant yesterday and wow!  Quick, attentive service, delicious chips and salsa, large beautiful menus and great food!  I got the chicken chimichanga, and it was one of the best I have had.  The interior of this place is really nicely decorated and extremely clean.  Great place!
5	Mexican food may be my favorite.  There are a lot of options around the area, but I always seem to gravitate toward Emiliano's....because they are awesome!The atmosphere is very fun, without being over the top.  I can hold a conversation with my fellow diners without having to lose my voice.  And the food is amazing too!Every meal starts with chips and salsa.  I usually judge a Mexican restaurant on their salsa, and Emiliano's definitely hits the nail on the head.  Not to mention, the chips are warm when they bring them to your table.  Warm chips and salsa?  Sign me up!I always get a margarita, on the rocks, no salt, with a coronita in it.  They are not too sweet, which is something that I often notice about restaurant margaritas (so much SUGAR).  When it comes times to order food, most recently I got Flautas.  There was MORE than enough food to feed my belly, and I had leftovers for the next day.  Emiliano's also makes a killer guacamole... Seriously, try it!
5	Emilianos has the best margaritas in town. They have a great happy hour with half price apps too! Great place for a get together after work to wind down.
4	Emilianos is my favorite Mexican joint in Pittsburgh. Their happy hour is amazing, with the only exception that it's only from 4-6. 5-7 would be ideal, but that's fine. I like to sit at the bar and made chatter with my favorite bartender, Gabe. He serves a delicious margarita.
5	This place is fabulous. Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come early and ready to wait. Trust me- its worth it. First and foremost the entire staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating.. Allowing us to come inside when it got dark/cold. the servers hand-make their own drinks, which are strong an delicious! We sampled the margarita, sangria, daiquiri, and mojitos. As soon as we sat down, they delivered homemade nachos and perfect salsa- fresh & spicy!! Our server, Edgar, recommended the enchilada suiza which was amazing and cheesy and oh, so, good! Truly authentic and great-tasting food. And a very enjoyable experience. We will be back soon!!
5	I love Emilianos! I have yet to be disappointed there. Service here is always very friendly and quick. Tableside guac is always exceptional as well as the queso fundido. Regular queso is also just as yummy! Who doesn't love cheese?! I usually will stick to Arroz con pollo which never lets me down. Always perfectly made and comes out super quick. If I feel like dessert I will order the Tres Leches Cake which is simple phenomenal. I am usually a big chocolate girl, but this cake is unlike any other cake or dessert I have had. Sweet and creamy!
3	Carne asada is good here!
3	The service was very good. We got our meal fast and the waitress was attentive. The combo is definitely the best deal for getting your money's worth. I got a chicken salad that was just ok, but probably my own fault for ordering a salad at a Mexican restaurant. The grilled chicken was very good though. Margaritas were fairly good, a little too sweet. I much prefer mad mex margs.
5	This place is fantastic! The margaritas are delicious. My favorite is the enchilada suiza. Also, the queso is to die for! Very creamy and cheesy. Best guac I've had in Pittsburgh so far. The restaurant itself is clean and they bring your food very quick. They always make sure you have plenty of chips and drinks!
3	Emiliano's is just an a-okay in my book.The happy hour is great ($4 fishbowl margaritas on Fridays from 4-6) They also have happy hour specials all days of the week. The staff is extremely friendly, seriously! Our server was nice and the manager let us switch tables after we were seated in front of a long table of wasted men discussing/arguing about football. Its moderately priced and the theme inside is cute. However, I feel like for a Mexican restaurant it's lacking flavor (bland, tasteless, unmemorable). I ordered the Cabo Chicken which is advertised as this chicken dish with a pineapple sauce (it sounded delish) The chicken was barely seasoned at all and had pineapple on top. There was a sauce on the veggies, but it was dark.. I'm not sure in a pineapple glaze/sauce is dark. The rice reminded me of Uncle Bens (I'm eating clean so I can spot pre-packaged food easily now.. It might have been packaged, it might not have been.. who knows) The refried beans were yummy!! Bobby ordered the faita plate. He said it was good, but again could have had better flavor for it being a Mexican restrauant. Honestly it tasted similar to something from Applebees. I'm just saying.BUT the service is super friendly, the free chips and salsa rock & the drink menu + happy hour is great :) We will come back for drinks and maybe an appetizer.
4	I stopped in on the cold snap last January. i parked in front and was planning on going somewhere else, but it was so cold I didn't want to walk outside.They serve totally standard Mexican fare. Don't expect a huge beer selection. There are free chips and salsa to start. The food I did order was pretty good and the margarita was good as well.I will definitely keep it in mind to try again sometime!
5	Best Mexican food in Pittsburgh! I highly recommend the veg burrito, which I request to be made extra spicy. Every time I go, it is pretty crowded and I have had to wait a long wait several of the times... but it is always worth it!
2	Good drinks and drink specials. Food is rather bland and boring compared to mad mex.
4	I really loved my meal here.  The tacos pastor were delicious and the free chips and salsa are always welcome.  The server was great and the mango mojito I ordered was perfect (although I admittedly know nothing about mojitos).  I will be back.
4	I really like Emilianos.  The chile relleno is great as is the tortilla soup and I LOVE the sangria!!!
2	All I have to say is--Chi-Chi's LIVES!If you like middle-of-the-road Tex-Mex, prepared for the tastes of white people inNorthern Rust Belt cities (and I am not embarrassed to say that, once in a while, I do)...then this place is for you.  Just check your expectations before you enter...It really reminded me of eating at Chi-Chi's back in the day.I had some nachos with refried beans that tasted like the beans came right out of the Ortega can.  It was topped with shredded iceberg lettuce and the dish was lined with American cheese.  Like the kind that comes wrapped in plastic.  No queso Oaxaca or nopales here, but the chips were good and I ate it all.  And it was good.I had fish tacos for my entree, which were OK as well, though the sauce was a little bland.  (I think it was French dressing).   The margaritas tasted like they came straight from some prepared bottled mix.It was kinda what I was in the mood for....and judging by the Southside Works area, which is filled with crappy chain experiences of every shape and size, it is what I was expecting.
2	I've been here in the past and not had a bad experience but my most recent visit on 7/12 was not good.So we go on an uncrowded Saturday around 4pm.  We are seated promptly and they take our order.  The whole point of going was to get a big nacho platter they have.  Well we order that and two entrees and guess what. No nachos ever appear.  We remind our waitress of  this when our food arrives ahead of our appetizer and I gotta say she was  dismissive about it,  "Oh I forgot."  Forgetting what we ordered really isn't okay and you need to try and make amends not just ask if we still want it.The food we did get was only alright. I got one of the Pittsburgh themed burritos and wife got a California burrito.  Both were just okay.The place is clean but the bathroom door handle for example  was broken and a staffer was in there talking on their cell phone. All in all I sad to see this place start to slide.
3	I was here for the second time on the 4th of July... To our surprise they weren't that busy, we had a nice table outside and they were nice about more people coming to join us... When our server was taking our order he failed to write it down and my boyfriend always is pretty picky so I knew something was going to be messed up... Well it was my boyfriend and his friend's order was wrong and the server seemed to not believe us when we told him. My food was pretty good but the margarita had way too much sours in it, not what a Mexican restaurant should be serving... The place Is nice, clean and has a fun feel if only a little better customer service.
1	As far as the food goes, it's mediocre, fairly bland, odd textures at times, overcooked, and what is this red stuff? Where is the queso? But the big issue, SERVICE..We walked in early one friday afternoon, only one other table besides ours was occupied. There were 3 waitresses on staff that day yet we waited to be seated. We ordered one beer each and finished it before our meal came. Someone from the kitchen brought it, and our waitress was over at the bar wiping the same spot for 15 minutes and zoning out. Never came to check on us or get us refills until I flagged her down about 10 minutes after we finished to ask for our bill. THEN she asks if we would like a refill. But let's not forget the stink eye she gave when she saw her tip. Sorry sweetie, maybe you should have tried earning it. You're lucky you got anything at all.
4	Had burrito rancheros. Meat was cooked perfectly. Rice was quite good. Overall it was a good meal. Good atmosphere. Recommended.
4	I've been for both lunch and dinner multiple times because of the location in the South Side. It has really delicious food, but the atmosphere is a little more corporate than most other Mexican restaurants. I think this fits the vibe of South Side Works, so it's in a good place. I will definitely return!
4	I'm originally from Texas and was on a mission to find some good Mexican food and after several failed attempts, I finally found a great place! The fajitas were great, tortillas soft and warm, and the chicken chimichanga was delicious! I'm definitely coming back.
5	Great food and great margaritas! Fun atmosphere too! I wish the place had more seating because sometimes it's hard to get a table! I recommend going right after work before it gets crowded!
3	Came here for lunch on a weekday and was promptly seated.It's a spacious restaurant with good drink and lunch specials. You can't go wrong with complimentary fresh chips and salsa!I had the fish tacos lunch special and it was pretty good! Their margaritas frozen or on the rocks are delish and reasonably priced as well. It's decent mexican food but not the best i've had but a great lunch option for work!
5	The queso fundido appetizer is one of my favorite dishes on this planet. I always leave Emiliano's uncomfortably stuffed (in a good way) because the food is so flavorful and portions are generous. I usually get something off the seafood portion of the menu and I'm never disappointed. if you're with a group, get a margarita pitcher instead of individual drinks  to save a few bucks.My servers have always been pleasant and attentive, and the free chips and salsa are obviously a bonus as well.
4	Went there on a Saturday night with my husband. We waited for about 20 minutes for a table, which isn't bad. Our waitress was really nice and brought out our drinks right away. I had the fish bowl margarita and added a Corona to it and it was really good. The food came out quickly. We ordered carne asada and flautas and everything was delicious. I want to try going there again before I give this place another star because so far this is the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh.
3	I have gone here twice at two different times and days. I've gone on the weekend around 3 and during the weekday in the evening. It was relatively good and cheap. The first time I went was on a Sunday during lunch with 4 other friends. We sat outside, because the weather was nice and the street view was pretty. The service was slow even though it wasn't too crowded. Our server was friendly albeit slow. We were given free chips and salsa while we waited, but there was only a small bowl of each placed on the table . The chips were good, but too small for our group. After we had about one chip each we were out of salsa and had to ask for more. When the runner finally arrived with our food the table was almost too small for all of our stuff, but we made it work. The food was hot and looked great. Two of us got the "Build Your Own Combo" with one of each enchilada, burrito, rice, and sweet potato fries. I remember the others ordered the Choripollo Taco Stand, Enchiladas Suizas, and Emiliano's Fajitas. We all enjoyed our food and were very full when we finished. The rice was very good, neither overcooked nor under-cooked, and my burrito and enchilada were your standard pseudo-Mexican fare (super cheesy and yummy). My friends also enjoyed their meals and the reasonably priced mojitos and fishbowl margaritas were tasty.My second trip there wasn't so great. It was during the weekday and before the dinner time rush so my friend and I were seated outside quickly. Our waitress was not only slow, she was also very clumsy (dropping our menus twice, spilling water and salsa, and bumping into our table). She was friendly enough and repeatedly apologized so we chalked it up to her having a bad day. Again we both got the "Build Your Own Combo." I got the taco, tamale, rice, and sweet potato fries. My friend chose the taco, burrito, soup, beans ,and fries. When the food arrived I swear the plate was hotter than my entree and the cheese was barely melted. The fries were over-cooked, the tamale was too mushy and hard to eat (I literally had to force it down) and my friend said that her taco was one of the grosses she has ever had. The rice was palatable and my friend really enjoyed her soup. The waitress was so slow in bringing our checks that we decided to just pay cash to avoid waiting for her to return our cards. After this experience I have avoided going back.
1	One star solely for the margarita. Service gets 0 stars, food gets 0 stars. UGH, what a frustrating experience! We came here with a craving for margaritas and nachos. Ended up ordering a strawberry margarita pitcher, which was delicious. The nachos were almost inedible. The chicken on them did not taste fresh and they used a cheese sauce reminiscent of Taco Bell's, but at least Taco Bell's is good... This one just tasted off. There was also shredded cheese that wasn't even melted! Very gross.Service was incredibly poor. We ordered food, so maybe we should get plates and silverware? Nope! Didn't get any of that. I tried getting the waitress's attention to ask for it, but she was notttt available. Meanwhile, I took some napkins from the bar. When I finally did get to ask for these basic dining necessities she never brought us anything... So then I asked some random guy answering phones and he brought out 4 plates. BUT WHAT ABOUT THE SILVERWARE. Had to ask him AGAIN. And by then a fly landed on the nachos so there's that.
4	This place has a fun atmosphere. Staff is friendly. Food is amazing. The table side made guacamole is like a party for your taste buds. There is not a bad item on their menu. The margaritas are, lets just they sure do not skimp on the liquor and there are so many options.
4	Their guacamole will leave you speechless! I ordered the full size portion and they brought out all the fresh ingredients and made it right in front of me.Overall their food is pretty standard and what you expect from a Mexican restaurant. They have great drink specials around happy hour so I definitely recommend taking advantage of them to unwind from work. Enjoy!
4	Great valueGood foodGood serviceSalsa goodPork wings great--ask for sauce on side
4	This is a 3.5 star experience, but I am rounding up.Many choices and very generous portions. Prices are fair and the tableside guac is great.  The food is generally very good.Can be very busy during lunch and Friday and Saturday nights.
5	Have been going there for a few years and have never had a bad meal. The servers may change but the food and drinks are always great. Love the 1/2 price margaritas on Tuesdays.
3	I came here for a Spanish Meetup and ordered the Vallarta Shrimp and for dessert the Tres Leches cake. The shrimp dish was pretty good but was maybe a little too sweet. The cake on the other hand was way too sweet and otherwise could have tasted very good since I did like the flavor. On a more positive note, the establishment is nice and seems pretty upbeat and some of the staff speak Spanish, which is good for practice.Overall I think this is a good place but the food didn't do it for me. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't spectacular either.
1	Food? Meh. Drinks? Ehhh. The last two times I ate here I ended up getting really sick afterwards. The service is decent, but not worth a return trip. I recommend going across the street to El Toro Loco-- now that place is WONDERFUL. Try it. I dare you.
4	This place was pretty good. I haven't explored much of the Mexican cuisine in Pittsburgh, so I don't have much to compare to but I would definitely go back! The wait was kind of long and the place was crowded, but it was a Friday night so that's to be expected. I got one of their combinations and I was pleasantly surprised by the portion size. The chips and salsa were a good starter, the margarita was good, and even with all of the busy-ness we still had great service!
5	Best Mexican food with right choice of spices and sauces. Very helpful and courteous staff with great customer service. I would recommend to anyone who's willing to try some new mexican food. I tried their salad and sea food. Not to forget they have good ambiance. Our waitress was from Columbia and she was very sweet and helpful.
