5	Rotary Evolution is a highly skilled, very knowledgeable engine builder and mechanic.  I've owned several RX-7's (2nd and 3rd generation) and kept only two.  One is a low mileage well-maintained, unmodified street machine.  And the other is a track car repaired by Ben, the owner of Rotary Evolution.As many in the RX-7 community can appreciate, these cars are aging homes to various gremlins that can be difficult to troubleshoot and diagnose.  My car had a phantom fuel issue for several years.  I spent two years taking it to various Mazda / rotary shops in the Bay Area, to no avail.  Many hours and literally $thousands had been thrown at the problem with absolutely no results.  I was ready to give up and ditch the car, but the online rotary community came to the rescue and recommended the services of Rotary Evolution.  Basically, I told Ben, "I don't care how long you have it, what you do, or how long it takes.  Just let me know when it's done." Ben literally spent a hundred hours over the following months tinkering with the car and finally sorted out the problem using some unorthodox procedures.They charged a very reasonable rate and I couldn't have been happier with the result.  As I continued making modifications and improvements, I hired Rotary Evolution for two dyno tuning sessions.  With a properly designed exhaust and ignition + fuel map corrections, Ben was able to raise its power output by +33 hp at the wheels, which is pretty good for a naturally aspirated 13B.The engine itself was rebuilt by Rotary Evolution for the car's previous two owners.  Ben was very forthcoming in describing some of the limitations that were holding it back from making the power that it should, and suggested further modifications for a future rebuild.  I recently sent him a set of rotor housing to resurface.  Upon receipt, he reminded me that, for track purposes, they need exhaust port modification, and offered to do it for a good price.If I ever again come across an unsolvable problem with any rotary-powered car, I'd be willing to ship or make the drive to Las Vegas and hand it over to Rotary Evolution.Las Vegas is lucky to have a world-class engine builder that knows RX-7's inside and out!
5	Rotary evolution is the most honest, professional and friendly rx-7 shop I have been to. Ben, the mechanic, didn't try to up-sell or over price me on anything. He also expressed extensive knowledge on rotary engines. I give my full recommendation on him and intend on taking my car back there every time I have a problem with it.
5	Took my almost new RX8 to Ben for service as I was having slow starting problems and the car was flooding.I wanted to support a local business that specialized in Rotary engines as I really like my RX8 and also loved my RX7 back in the day. I called Ben and I wanted a real appointment to do the work while I waited. The dealers will always give you an appointment, but you will wait in line behind whatever work they have lined up in front of you and you may wait hours for a simple procedure. In other words you may as well skip the appointment and just bring the car in because you will have to wait with no guarantee they will get to you at any specific time. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of an appointment?Ben got to work on my car right away and got me out the door on time despite having to do some additional work. His labor cost was one-third what the dealer quoted for the exact same simple work:new spark plugs, wires and ignition coils.He was happy to answer questions and showed extensive knowledge of my newer renesis rotary along with older RX7's. I look forward to doing business with Ben again for performance modification. Warning: this is a real working small shop with many parts and race cars laying about. If you are expecting marble and a capuccino machine in the lobby look elsewhere.
5	Honesty and great prices here. Not a fancy shop, but very knowledgeable and competent. They do what they say without the upsell.
