1	Avoid this restaurant like the bubonic plague unless you're an ultra pretentious prick with a huge raging erection for Japanese stuff. Sure, the interior decor is nice, the waitresses are dressed like geishas, and there are plenty of Chinese coolies working in the backroom, but it does not justify the fact that I paid $35 for a small bento. Seriously, I stared at the damn thing for 5 whole minutes thinking to myself, "No. Way. This can't be the entire meal. Shit, "meal" is an awfully generous description for portions of food that would barely satisfy Oliver Twist." If I remember correctly, there were like 10 pieces of sushi in the box. I had to ration that shit like I was some POW so as not to embarrass my cheap date. Unless you want to include a miniature museum tour with your date I suggest you go elsewhere. This place will rob you blind. In fact, I am sure that at these prices, they would have no qualms about robbing the blind. It's a good thing I fucking jacked off all over the toilet in the restroom. The small measure of satisfaction I received from doing such a juvenile act was the only thing that convinced me to actually go through with paying for such a shitty meal.
3	Sakura Gardens is a traditional Japanese style restaurant. The waiters are dressed has geishas, the chefs are in Kimonos just like a place in Japan. You do not need to worry about the authenticity, the owner is from Japan, and actually speaks Japanese.Sakura's is quite expensive, and not kid friendly. Sushi is good, and the Yakitori is mouth watering.    They also have a Tatami room for large groups.
2	PROS:1. The decor is cute and japanese, the waitresses are dressed in kimonos. That's probably the best/unique thing about Sakura.2. They have a happy hour where you can get Table D'Hote for a cheaper price.CONS:1. Food was underwhelming. Considering the price and decor I had expected more with my salmon dish. It tasted like something I could have made at home. 2. The location changed from being beside Holt Renfrew to being underneath an apartment building. Really random and slightly awkward in that the bathrooms were associated with the building and it kind of felt like I was in someone's decorated basement.OVERALL:-I wouldn't recommend this restaurant based on the disappointing food. However, if you want to see what a kimono looks like, go for it!
