1	if $20 per person for all-you-can-eat sushi sounds too good to be true, then it's probably too good to be true.  the 1st red flag should have been AUCE sushi.  think about it, if you were the owner of the restaurant, would you put out 5 star sushi so that people can scarf it all down for $20?i guess it's just as much my fault for believing a korean barbecue restaurant would have semi-spectacular sushi.whatever you do, don't let the hostess convince you to sit in the little "black hole" room with the "sushi" sign on the doorway even if you're only going to order the AYCE sushi (which is a mistake in itself).we were left in there for about 15mins to peruse(?) the menu.  we finally checked off a few rolls and were waiting for the waiter to come back and take our order sheet, all the while we could see the sushi chef standing there twiddling his thumbs secretly laughing that he was getting paid to do nothing.  i finally figured i could just take the slip of paper up to him myself, so i did.  he seemed a little taken aback, but took the paper reluctantly and pretended to start our order.  i say that because it seemed to take another 10 or so minutes for them to bring us the 1st role.  by then we were so famished, that we scarfed it down like a pack of rabid wolves.  it tasted ok, but i couldn't tell if it was because i was so grateful to have something to eat or if it really tasted great.i've heard it said that they purposefully bring you a roll every 10-15 minutes so that you won't order more than you can eat (in which the rules state that any left over food will trump the AYCE price of $20 and they reserve the right to change the pricing structure to full price for each roll/nigiri that is not eaten)  fair enough, but anyone who's ever eaten at an AYCE joint, knows full well that if you eat too slow, you will invariably eat about 1/3 of what you would have eaten if you were allowed to eat at your own "natural" pace (haha).  so by the time we got  to the 3rd of 5 rolls, we ended up choking down the less than stellar 2 remaining rolls in fear of being charged the full price for the whole meal.yeah, i must admit that it was not such a great idea to order "fillers" such as tempura, but the batter was like a batter that you would find on a beer battered onions rings at the local BBQ joint.  it was thick, doughy and tasteless.  i guess i'm used to thin, light and crispy tempura batter that i've had at other japanese restaurants.if you plan on taking me there for the AYCE sushi and say that you'll pay for me, my wife and 1 y/o daughter, don't be offended if i decline. you'll thank me later b/c i'll have saved you a ton of money
4	Hmmm, Korean owned sushi joints that have sushi on one section and Korean food on the other.  You walk in and you see more people eating in the Korean food section.  Not so much on the sushi side.  Deductive reasoning kicks in and says maybe its a wiser choice to try Korean food.  Reason wins out and we go sit on the Korean food side.  The waitress asks if we want to order and we look at the dishes they have. The regular suspects are listed. Galbi , bulgogi, jiapjie, a spicy fish filets, grilled mackerel (ok so this is more japanese but we saw people eating it and it looked good), spicy chicken and of course panchan.  The panchan are good though may be not as many  as one would get in Koreatown Los Angeles but then again we're in Chandler.  The daikon kimchee is very good as is their cabbage ones.  Potato ones are my favorite as is the very well done spinach and sesame.  The barbecued dishes come out.  We had the option of us cooking them or the kitchen.  We rather let the kitchen do it since we didn't want our clothes smelling of the barbbq.  The spicy fish filets were excellent and coupled with the sticky round rice was a great contrast.  Everything esle was well done and most people mopped up the dishes.  Soba and cold noodle dishes were also available at the time I had dinner here at this place but I have not tried it. A good place for good Korean food.
4	Takamatsu is my kind of place.  I've been going here (Also the one in Glendale on Dunlap) for about 8 years, so you know it must be good.  This place is GREAT for groups.  You can grill your own food right at your table, or have one of the staff members do it for you.  With your dish, comes a variety of tiny sides (Im sure there is a Korean name for these.  If someone knows, please... do tell.)  The sides are all vegetables such as spiced potatoes, cabbage, bean curd paste, and kimchee.  I stay away from the Kimchee unless it is the spicy red variety.  To me most kimchee smells like garbage.The sushi is decent but not the best, and they have an assortment of sake for you to try.  Bottom line? If you like Korean Barbeque, I guarantee you'll like it. But, if you don't, don't take my guarantee seriously.**Afterthought**Don't let the "less than good" reviews about their sushi drive you away.  It is decent.  However, if you aren't coming here for the awesome Korean BBQ, go somewhere else.
3	i'd give this place 3.5 starsi went here for a birthday dinner for a friend of mine. i thought the place was  neat, customer service was great, the food was delicious, but it was too overpriced. i think that's what i'm mostly reviewing on is the price of their food. although, it was yummy, i don't know if i'd ever go there again to pay for a $25 plate of korean beef. i mean, if you guys can afford to fork over some $$$ then be my guess. i think you'll get your moneys worth. the quality was excellent and worth your time to try it.
4	I have been to a couple Korean BBQ places around the valley so far, and this has been the best so far.The wait staff was extremely attentive.  They were quick to point out what items might be a little to spicy for my children, and our drinks were never empty.The meat was good quality, the pork was spicy and delicious, just enough to make your nose run, but not enough to send you screaming around the restaurant.  The beef was sweet and delicious.They served 3 different kinds of kimchi with the meat, as well as other condiments.  I have to say, the radish kimchi was spot on for flavor, and by far my favorite.I had to vote that this was not good for kids.  My daughter and son are very young though, and they are too tempted to play with the underside of the grill in the middle of the table, which my daughter was unfortunate enough to discover is very hot.I would say kids over 7 should be fine, so long as they have the attention span to sit through the entire meal.  Definitely not for kids 6 and under.We tried a little sushi, and it was decent, but really, who comes to a Korean BBQ place for sushi??Excellent, and will be coming back here often.
4	Mos def one of the better korean restaurants in town.  I've frequented the OG one in Glendale since i was quite younger.  I'm glad they're doin well enough to even expand to Litchfield!  Always had great service here too.  Can't say I would know anything about the sushi though.....   oh well.  I'm always satiated with the K-food.
5	This place was great. I am Korean and from Los Angeles and I love this place. The food is very authentic and tasty just like home. I ate there two days in a row when I was in Phoenix. I had the Sushi, Kalbi and Bulgogi. My friend had the spicy seafood soup and it was great.  I recently posted a review of the wrong Takamatsu. This is the one I went to.
4	After the closest All You Can Eat sushi place closed near my house, I started looking for a new place. I asked a few people but no one seemed to know of any place like that. One day I read a review on this site and decided to give it a try. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. The selection was decent, service was prompt and the Chef even did a couple of magic tricks. Worth the trip if you have a craving for sushi, but you're on a budget. BTW, their import beer selection is very decent as well.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here at couple of weeks ago.  I had never eaten Korean BBQ before so we decided to try it.  The food was good, but what I really liked in the restaurant was the fact that we could cook our own food.  It was a lot of fun and something my boyfriend and I could do together.  The downside to this is that you come out smelling like food but all in all, a good experience.
4	I was craving Korean food and Chodang, which is further south on Arizona Ave, was closed.  We were shown a table quickly and throughout the night, the service kept the cups of water filled and anything we needed, they took care of (more on that later).  I picked up the Jae Yook Bokkeum which is a spicy stir fry with pork and vegetables served with chilled noodles.  Holy cow was it tasty!  I've tried this same dish at the Takamatsu in Glendale and it wasn't nearly as good (check out my other review to see how bad it was).  The chilled noodles that came with the dish helped offset the mild spice of the dish and my girlfriend who doesn't normally like spicy food ate 2 small bowls of this dish so she clearly liked it.  The sushi was nice as well the gf picked up a roll or two and that was all gone by the end of the night, I don't know of too many sushi places in Chandler so if you want sushi, swing by.  All together, the food was only 30 something bucks and after we left our waitress came running out.  Duh, I had forgotten my wallet on the table.  :) Great service!
5	Takamatsu is near and dear to my heart because my husband and I came here on their grand opening....and, we've been coming back ever since. The manager is super-friendly and he's at the restaurant almost every night. In fact, we have only visited Takamatsu once when he was not there. He greets you, remembers your name, comes to check on you during your meal-- excellent service without being over-attentive. The food at Takamatsu is just down-right good Korean food. My best friend is Korean and I have traveled around Korea myself, so I feel that I know a bit about the range and diversity of Korean cuisine. Takamatsu has all the Korean favorites including bulgogi (the Korean bbq) that most Americans crave. As a vegetarian, I recommend the bi bim bap or the kalbi dolsot bibim bap without the beef (substitute tofu), the japchae (it's actually a Japanese dish), the bibm naeng myun (ask for no beef), and the pa jeon (ask for no seafood). The great thing about Korean food is that they bring out these little dishes of yummy pickled veggies and other things before the meal. These are on the house-- so, it's like you get a free appetizer! (Vegetarians watch out for some of these dishes b/c some are fish cakes). Plus, they bring you sweet persimmon tea on the house when your check comes. How good can it get?? The dishes sizeable and are well priced. The dining room is not fancy, but is comfortable and pleasing.I feel that some of the low reviews for Takamatsu stem from two things. #1. Most Americans are not well-acquainted with Korean food. It is not like Chinese or Japanese food-- it tends to be spicy,generally has less fat than Chinese food, more fat than Japanese food, and utilizes a wide range of ingredients. #2. Some people only try the sushi. Most Korean restaurants have sushi, but it is NOT what they typically specialize in. If you want to see how good the restaurant is, try the Korean dishes-- that's what they do best.
4	My first experience was with Korean BBQ, ordering the casual Bulgolgi. It was great, but it wasn't amazing.My second experience was at the sushi bar. They have a all-you-can-eat special for sushi for only $20 per person! It was great! Especially in comparison to other local sushi bars that offer the same deal, like Ninja... ( in Ninja's case, they tended towards quantity over quality). But for Takamatsu, and this great special, I had some amazing sushi. Yea, funny you think we don't get fresh fish in comparison to a non-land-locked state, but this was pretty fresh! It was fortunate for me to dine while they had very little business during this poor economy, as the sushi chef was able to focus on my orders promptly... and generously.A simple order for some salmon nigiri (2 pcs (fish slice over rice)), was a fat slab of fresh fish... which in proportions, slaughters all competition.The only down-side, which refers to those with big-eyes, is that you have to finish your food, otherwise you will be charged full price for any large amounts of rice not consumed. ( Yea, they give you lots of rice, in attempts to reduce the amount of food you order, hehe.)As far as the atmosphere goes, it was great, nothing distracting, nothing to be an eye-sore. The service was also stupendous, although, let me reiterate, it was a slow night for them, business-wise.Overall, I'm a fan. I ate enough sushi to expect a bill over $100. Instead, it was very cheap. Quantity did not sacrifice quality, I assure you! If you think otherwise, I recommend showing on a slower night.
5	This is a great place in an extremity of the Valley. They serve both Korean and Japanese food. They are quick and attentive. Having lived in South Korea for two years, I can honestly admit that this is some of the most authentic Korean cuisine I've had in Phoenix. I typically ate bibimbap once a week minimum over there and I can't really tell the difference between Takamatsu's version and the stuff I had on the other side of the Pacific. I noticed they offer a list of other, more obscure foods I learned to love over there, including naengmyeon (cold, spicy noodles), japchae (stir-fried glass noodles), and several other dishes. They also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes. Love it or hate it, kimchi accompanies every meal, as do spicy bean sprouts, a tangy spinach dish and a few other random sides. It's a little bit more expensive than average restaurant prices in the Valley, but definitely worth it when you consider the sides that come with it, and a complimentary spiced tea for "dessert."
3	If you go here when its busy it's usually a bit under staffed. The sushi here is average but they do put there own twist on it. They add a little liquid smoke to all of there sushi sauces which adds a little variety. The first time I went here was about a year and a half ago and I wasn't to impressed with the sushi. My friend went back a month after that and they had gotten rid of sushi all together. Just recently they started serving sushi again so I decided to go back and try it and it was fantastic. Flavors are very different from most other sushi joint but I enjoyed it. They do a 19.95 all you can eat sushi.
3	Average Korean food. Caveat korean food for me is Galbi and Bulgogi. So this is what I'm talking about. They give you a very generous portion but it's just not right.  Something missing. I've been trying to find something similar to K town in LA quality but not yet.   Not in AZ.
4	I'm not from Arizona, but I was visiting family and we tried this place out. It was a pretty standard Korean BBQ place. We had the bulgogi, chicken, and beef tongue. I must admit, I found out I'm not a fan of tongue, but the bulgogi was awesome. The side dishes and salad were fine, although I wish they had some of the side dishes San Diego places offer like the radishes. Oh well. All in all, it was pretty good and I would visit this place again if I'm in the area.
3	The best part about this place... if you sit at the sushi bar, and the waitress spills water on your lap, the sushi chef will do magic tricks for you.The food is above average, not amazing fantastic but definitely good.  Their sushi lineup has some interesting house specialties like the "heart attack roll." I go here quite often and they have yet to disappoint me.  Lots of seating too if you are looking for a venue for a bigger crowd.
5	I love Korean food and have had the real deal made for me from my mother in law who is Korean and the closest food I found here in AZ is definately Takamatsu in chandler. When she is in town thats the place we go to. Staff is super friendly and treat you like your part of there family. I LOVE IT!!!
4	Great Korean Kalbi and other table top meats.rest of the dishes wasn't that impressive .Weekend could be really busy you might need to wait for a while to get your food.but weekdays pretty slow.If you like Korean BBQ, this is the best place in chandler ,gilbert area.
2	Good food! Although, there was this strange flavor that seemed to be carried throughout each main and side dish. Great service, and the food came out at the right temperature and promptly. Fpr cleanliness, I would rate it 4 out of 5.
4	Takamatsu restaurant is combined of Japanese & Korean menu and the sushi. The important part I look for wenever I go eat out, is the customer service. Right before you enter, the greeter is there greeting you, then comes the waitress/waiter to take you to ur table. Excellent service. Not only that, they check on you ever 10-15mins making sure your fine. Since I started going to this restaurant, I dont see anything wrong w/ service and food. We were completely satisfy with the food. All I advised is that you order slowly on the sushi rolls, otherwise you'll pay for your wasted sushi :D  Enjoy
5	This place is AWESOME!! My ex spent a few years in Korea and he said this is the closest place in the valley to authentic Korean cuisine. the service is amazing! I have a toddler and they always accomadate her with cheater chopsticks, lid on her cup, and extra attention. The food is deliciousm the Kalbi is to die for. The sushi is yummy too!
1	I decided to branch out and try a new Korean place.  I wanted to see how good/bad my usual place (Cho Dang) was.  I wasn't surprised to find out that Cho Dang is in a league of its own when it comes to Korean BBQ in CHandler.  Takamatsu was as underwhelming as it gets.The decor is like a cafeteria.  Patrons are very loud.  It seems that everyone goes there for the all you can eat sushi.  The person who sat us thought we were there for it and our server did a triple take when we didn't have anything filled out on the sushi form.  Call me a sushi snob all you want, but I don't go to a Korean place to get my fix, and if I did, I wouldn't go to an all you can eat place.  I'm not trying to maximize calories, I am trying to maximize flavor.We ordered two dishes we routinely get at Cho Dang, Bulgogi and another dish. we had some miso soup that was included which was good.  That is literally impossible to screw up because it comes from either a powder or a cube.  No points for not screwing that up.  Out came the sides and the dishes.  This is when it got very disappointing.  The sides were inedible.  Most were very bland while others were just bad.  I don't think any side was edible.  The bulgogi was decent, but still not as good as I'm used to.  The other dish was poorly executed and just tasted bad.  Overall, the place was really bad.  They deserve 1 star but if I could I would be generous and give them a 1.5 stars because we ate the bulgogi and didn't leave completely unsatisfied.  I'll never go back considering there is Korean food that is in a different league just down the street on Ray and Arizona.  This place looked like a chinese buffet, and the food execution was on the same level.  I didn't see a single Korean there eating which is a bad sign.  I saw a ton of wannabe sushi eaters, a few SE-Asians and several old people. I gave it a shot once and won't be back.  Worst Korean food I've ever eaten without question.  Yelp reviewers are really starting to get a bad rap with me.  If this is the best Korean BBQ you have had, what places could possibly be worse?
4	I dig this place and have gotten many a woman hooked too. The appetizers alone are worth checking it out, plus their kalbi is supposed to be badass. I usually get the bibimbap, but could be convinced to try something else
4	I love this place! You can't beat the all you can eat sushi for a 20 spot. No seriously.A favorite for the price and service. I am a bit of a regular so I will just start by saying I have a TON of bias...There I said it. I can't really speak to the Korean food aspect of it but I have a friend who has a bit of an addiction to the Kim-chi. . The waitresses are very engaging and I have never had even close to a bad experience here.  I always sit at the sushi bar and the sushi chefs are always very entertaining, prompt, and worth mentioning. A good sushi chef brings a sense of atmosphere to any sushi place I place a little gold star next to these guys
1	What can be said? I've been going to the restaurant for years... YEARS! But yesterday I was thoroughly disappointed. The food has taken a major turn for the worst... Gone is the freshness, gone is the cleanliness and GONE is the tastiness. Sushi: We ordered Sashimi and a couple of roles. The one thing you expect from Sushi is freshness... Takamatsu sushi had all the indicators of DAYS in the fridge.  It was beyond belief. The fish was stale and gray. The GINGER! This stuff comes from bottles was old and smelled like pine sol... Come on man. I could have brought in fresher ginger.  Now to the main course. The bulgogi... The mainstay of Korean food... horrible. HORRIBLE I SAY. This was not bulgogi. This was super thinly sliced beef, god I hope it was beef, that had been stored in fridge and they later found and decided not to let it go to waste.  Side dishes were okay, but lacked flavor and freshness. Lastly comes the cleanliness. This should be the easiest thing to achieve in a restaurant. Don't need a pricey chef, waiter or creativity... Just need a bucket, cleaning solution, a mop and some backbone. Don't go near the bathrooms or you will find your shoes stuck to the floor like a roach motel. Don't believe me, take a sticky strole passed the sushi bar. After all was said and done and paid my fine of ~$80 to be released from Takamatsu. Lets put it this way fellow foodies. If I knew the food tasted this badly they could not have paid me $80 to eat it. Takamatsi is an embarrassment to honest Korean Restaurants in the valley.  They should close or get their act together before someone is hurt badly with their food.  If you decide to go there and get disappointed, don't blame me. I tried my best to provide you a fair warning. Thus my review... Service great  Price: $80 for two adultsCleanliness:     ...............Food Bad.... VERY Bad
4	I love this place! Best Korean food in the east valley! I notice all the bad reviews are for the sushi - I've never had sushi here so that's probably why I've had success w/Takamatsu. Stick with the traditional Korean dishes, such as Be Bim Bop, and you'll be a fan too. Only complaint: limited beer & wine selection & no hard liquor.
5	My husband and I come here every other week  for the all you can eat sushi. The owner knows us and treats us very well! The guy who makes the sushi on Saturdays is really nice too and his sushi is good. We sit at the sushi bar and the service is always fast. They have a good variety of sushi for 20 bucks!  The reason I give it 5 stars is because for all you can eat sushi for the price its really as good as it gets.  No its not the best sushi in the world but its not trying too be. Its just good sushi for a good value!
4	This is your traditional Korean restaurant.  But what separates this place is that it has an extensive list of sushi options.  I'm going to focus on their primary repertoire, Korean food.  Starting off with their seafood tofu soup.  It was filled with many varieties of seafood, from clams, oysters, and baby octopus.  All the flavors of the seafood has been extracted into the soup because biting into the actual seafood themselves, it tasted very bland.  The tofu was soft which melted in my mouth.  This subtle tofu taste and texture complemented well with the heavy taste of the broth.. Up next was their signature dish.  It's a kalbi, cut in Korean style which is vertical on the bone instead of like the horizontal American cut.  The cut of the meat was thicker than the usual kalbi cut.  The meat had more flavor than other Korean restaurant I've tasted thanks to the fat.  However, it was a bit tougher than usual.  I loved chewing on the fat that was connected to the bone itself.  But it was tough to chew and swallow.  Therefore I just chewed it like a gum to suck the flavor.  I would come back mainly for the soup.  The dishes were wonderful and eating rice helped to balance strong flavors.  If you like strong flavors, then these dishes would be perfect for you.
5	wow! Great service, great food! Genius idea to have Korean and sushi in the same place!!!
3	I wanted to like this place, but it just wasn't that good.We had the beef and the shrimp.  The shrimp were not tasty, veins everywhere.  The veggies with the shrimp tasted decent, but looked kind of shotty.  The beef was good, but it was really the only thing I would look forward to eating again.The sides were all decent and interesting, but really there wasn't one I would call memorable.It has been a long time since I last ate Korean food.  I remember loving it.  I didn't love this and I was really trying to like it as this was my pick against my wife's better judgement..The one thing I would say is that you don't need to order more than 1 meat for 2 people.  We ordered two and it was more than twice as much food as we needed.  Although, if it had tasted better, we probably would have eaten more.I'll give it 3 stars, but that is probably giving them the benefit of the doubt.
3	Place is o.k. The b/f loves him some Bulgogi so that whole compromise in relationship thingy happened and i gave in to having Korean (im more of an  Asian, Japanese girl..but anyway). i like that you can cook the meat yourself right there at the table. my guy liked that.. guys and fire..that whole " Me Man Cook Meat On Fire..grrr". Besides the meat being o.k nothing else really was superb by any means.Service- shittay... they were prompt but just rude and to me thats worse. First off i wanted to order some specific vegetables on the side and the waiter just completely disregarded what i was trying to ask for and told me just to wait for the sides that came with the meal. i felt like i was being told by my parents to eat what they make or something like i was not a paying customer. The whole time we were eating i felt rushed which is another pet peeve of mine. When we were ready to go and had a crapload of leftovers to take home we ask for a box. Dude brings us one little sad box. When we asked for another.. the look on his face was like we had just asked for a toilet made out of gold. ITS JUST A TO-GO box buddy. in conclusion people.. meat was pretty tasty but i rather get the same thing somewhere else with different staff.
4	Four stars since it's decent Korean and I haven't found too many clean, good Korean restaurants. Korean food, Japanese food, and they offer teppanyaki. Yummy! I have only been to the Chandler location 2 or 3 times but I have been to the location is Tucson lots. Very good Korean food. I really like their Dolsot Bibim Bap...rice, egg, veggies, beef, in a hot stone bowl. Comes sizzling with a raw egg on top. You mix in the egg with your spoon or chopsticks and it cooks in the stone bowl. Add some gochujang (Korean hot sauce, a thick red sauce) and you're in business. You can get Bibim Bap which is the same meal but in a regular bowl. No crackling, and the rice doesn't get kinda crispy though...I prefer the dolsot. They have spicy pork that is super delicious! Sweet and spicy! You get the traditional Korean side dishes with your meal as well as rice. Depending on the meal (lunch or dinner) you may also get soup or salad. This is kinda weird, but I absolutely love the Teriyaki chicken here. It doesn't seem like it really even has sauce on it, it's so very light but very flavorful and it just feels so healthy. They service it over veggies and sprouts and they are soooooo amazing. They taste light but buttery at the same time. OMG I am making my mouth water and I can't even eat meat any more. YUM! They also have very reasonable prices for sushi.
5	This is my go-to for Korean food. No place will I venture off to in search of a home cooked bowl of kimchee chigae. I would rather go to an actual sushi place for sushi but this place is the bomb.Reasonable lunch specials during the weekTheir kimbab is the bestThe owner (Richard) is super nice and always personable Multiple locations! Everybody can be happy now!
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place.  The atmosphere feels more family run.  You never have to wait for a table, and they have $20 all you can eat.  The selection on the all you can eat menu is extensive, and I'm always satisfied.  The wait staff is friendly, but it can get a little slow if there are too many people at the table.  I find if more than 2 people are sharing an all you can eat menu then it's iffy if everyone at the table will be eating at the same time.
5	I love this place.  The staff are very friendly and on the ball.  The food is the best for Korean I have had in the metro Phoenix area, and I have eaten at just about all the Korean restaurants.  The owner Richard is really nice, and makes an effort to remember you by name, and even what you had to eat last time.  As for the cost, I wouldn't say it's anymore expensive then any other Korean joint.  Oh and did I forget to mention they have really good sushi as well.  If you like Korean and sushi, this is the place to go.
4	Awesome!!!  Two of my most favorite things rolled into one.  Korean and Japanese food, all under one roof.  Gotta try it.  The have a very nice staff and the food is great.
4	A solid 3.5 stars (I'm Korean and was raised in L.A.,  so my standards are pretty high).  Like Mexican and Chinese food, good Korean food is another thing that is hard to come by in the Valley (near Tempe).  The only places that I think are even worth mentioning are: Chodang, Hodori, and Takamatsu.  All three have their pros and cons.  I have posted separate reviews of Hadori and Chodang.  My husband and I come to Takamatsu for two specific reasons:  They make the best gopchang jigae and you can get great sushi (most of the time, unfortunately, they are not necessarily consistent with the freshness of their ingredients...a lot of times it's really good, but there are those times every once in a while where I get a bit let down).  We especially like their all you can eat sushi for $20 a person.  It is not a buffet.  You order off the a menu.  You place an order, they bring it, you eat it, and if you want more, you order more.  But note that you must eat everything you order or they charge you for it (or so they say because this has never happened to us).  Their Korean food is pretty comparable to Hadori and Chodang, however, their menu is more extensive than both since they also offer sushi.
3	The only place I would want to go for Korean food in Arizona especially on weekdays for their lunch specials [:The service can be rude. If I go with my aunt, who is a regular there, we get really good service from everyone but if we go without her, we get less then stellar service. Although the boss is amazing! He has very good memory and remembers what we order and is always very nice and he remembers us.As for the food, it is delicious. I would recommend everyone to go during lunch time for their lunch specials. Lots of food for around 7-9 bucks. Not bad. And I love the ban chan (appetizers?) they give out in the beginning but I think they are catching on that we will devour it and they would have to refill it so they bring it out close to/when our meal comes to the table.If you want good Korean food, go here!Oh Edited: Had the sushi a couple of times here, dont recommend it. Its not horrible but not awesome either. Its not cheap so if you want sushi, just go somewhere with delicious sushi.
4	I found the reviews here surprising. The service I found to be good. The waitress we had was attentive and funny. The manager is a great guy and always comes to ask how everything is going. There side dishes are the best part. They always give you a lot of different options and are constantly refilling them. The barley tea that is free is also great with the meal. We ordered the seafood pancake and everyone absolutely loved it. Then we got galbi and bulgogi. The portions are big and everyone ended up stuffed. At the end of our meal they brought over this cold cinnamon tea that hit the spot. I will be returning here very soon.
3	This place was just okay.  While I can't claim to be an expert in Korean food, I am used to the Korean bbq restaurants in Los Angeles and I can say that this place cannot compete with those restaurants.  First, they didn't seem to have the proper ventilation for Korean BBQ.  I have never been to a place where you could see smoke throughout the restaurant from people cooking at their table.  Second, the service was AWFUL.  It took them forever to just greet us and bring us water and the fact that it was toooo HOT in there did not make us happy to wait 15 minutes for our water or for someone to even acknowledge our presence.  The food was decent but the seafood pancake was super disappointing.  They didn't even chop up the green onions that they put in it (seriously, like entire stalks of green onion) and it had no seasoning...  I may give this place another shot but as for now, I'd give them 2.5 stars if I could.
2	I hated this place. It looks like a nice first date restaurant but the food and price are so not worth it. The hot tofu soup was pitiful and my fiance ordered the bbq and a sushi which were both too expensive for their own good and the sushi tasted like something was old....Never again! Chodang, here I come!
4	Wow, I'm really shocked with some of these reviews.... The service has always been amazing when I go.  All of the waiting staff is friendly and funny, the sushi chef is hilarious and if you sit at the bar he'll entertain with his magic tricks, and the manager, Richard, is super polite and friendly.  I'm a lover of both Korean food + Sushi so I love that both are under one roof here.  I've had pretty much all of the meat items and noodle items on the menu, never have been disappointed with any of them.  The side dishes are great and they are always re-filling those as well.  I esp. love the sweet cinnamon-y drink they bring out at the end.As for the sushi, that's what brought me to this place originally.  I found out it was $20 All You Can Eat, MADE TO ORDER OFF THE MENU.  That blew my socks off.  Unlike a regular buffet with limited choices and the sushi sitting out waiting to be eaten, this is right off the menu and they have a very large selection.  The All You Can Eat even includes appetizers - shrimp tempura, green mussels, gyoza, etc. Yes, crazy I know, but totally true. All of the times I've ever been the fish has been very fresh - unlike RA/Stingray's/Crazy Fish/etc.
4	Every time i go to AZ i always go here. Sometime more than once a week, that is saying something!
4	I really enjoy this place, I just moved here from Chicago and I always miss some good Korean food.  This place was the first place in Arizona that I've found that has really good korean food!  They have all your traditional dishes and then some Japanese food as well. The service there is really good as well, they are always attentive to my needs! Great place highly recommended especially if you want to try Korean food!
4	Amazing food and you get a lot for the price my friends had the shushi, I had a Korean main coarse which was great..  Staff was good Manager was amazing I wish the waiters would of been a little more attentive it seamed like the manager did all the work.  I will definetely go back for more....
4	Service, staff and food was what I've bee looking for around here!  Don't understand the negative reviews.
5	Awesome Korean place, it was nice to see a lot of non-koreans.Very busy at night, price is decent for the yummy foods.Makes me hugry !!!!
5	Wish I lived closer!  Love the sushi.  Made fresh and they are quite generous in portion size.  Clean (for the most part) and the staff is amazingly attentive.  The manager is very personable and obviously has figured out that customers appreciate personal attention.  He seems to remember every customer... makes you feel special in a way :)  Only tried the Korean menu once.  Bibimbap was good, with the customary little appetizer dishes.
4	Whoever the owner or guy is In charge there is the man. The first time I went i did the all you can eat sushi. Pretty good. The second time I went I did the BBQ. Short ribs and pork belly. Amazing. Third time. BBQ again. Short ribs. And the marinated pork. Next time maybe a couple sushi rolls and two orders of the short ribs.
4	A California roll is what I use to try how good a place is with sushi-rolls. This place has a GREAT taste and their $20 all you can eat deal is tempting.Our friend suggested for our foodie day and we all were pleased. The manager Richard makes you feel like home, taking care of little details. YES! try it!
4	I went to this place last weekend with some friends. We went mainly because it was the only Japanese place open past 9 in the area that didn't seem to cost an arm and a leg. The restaurant is pretty standard. Nothing too spectacular about the decor. Each table has some kind of cooking system in it- so I imagine you could order dishes that you cook at your table. I got the yakisoba ($8), and my companions got a Las Vegas roll ($8), spicy tuna roll, chicken teriyaki and salmon teriyaki ($12). We also got a cucumber salad as an appetizer. The salad was nice and light. The miso soup wasn't too bad either. There was nothing spectacular about the yakisoba. The LV roll was apparently nice and hot when it came out and the spicy roll was exactly that- spicy. The teriyaki came out on hot plates and tasted pretty darned good. The down sides were that the hot tea wasn't very hot, and the salmon teriyaki was really over cooked. Everything else was nice, though. The wait staff was prompt. The food was hot. The service was fast and good. I'd definitely go back if I was in the area.
4	1st time!Did the BBQ, short ribs and  marinated pork were both legit. After a while the marinated pork got to be a little too much, I would say go with something light like some sushi and the short ribs, I could have eaten the short ribs all night. The staff is the real deal too.
4	This my favorite sushi place...  You can't beat the all-you-can-eat menu for $20 and we love seeing the manager (Richard) when we go.  The rolls are pretty standard but the quality is almost always excellent.
5	Best Korean pancake in phx so far!!We had the $20 all you can eat sushi-----beware!! Your eyes can be bigger than your stomach! SO, if you do this deal just be aware that if you leave any sushi peices leftover (including just the rice) they will charge you for the whole roll. (I suppose it's the best way to prevent us from being wasteful!) The best thing to do is to go slow...just order as you eat, that way you are stuck doing a sushi-eating contest with your friends (though, it really makes for some good laughs!) The sushi is great, very fresh and flavorful. The hit at our table was the Alaska roll (btw, not every roll is on the all-you-can-eat menu, but there are still quite a few options!)  The Rich was pretty good too (spicy crab and tuna) And the Fire Cracker was might tasty as well!Can't wait to come back for the Korean BBQ....I saw some other people get this, it looks like you cook it yourself! They bring you your ingredients and leave it by your table and you grill it all yourself.Our server was SUPER FRIENDLY! GREAT service!!! He even gave us the free cinnamon tea for digestion at the end of our meal (usually only those that ordered the Korean food get it free)....In summery, LOVE this place! will def. be back soon!
5	Foodgasm! Perfect for carnivorous or herbivorous people! The management actually made sushi for my friends anyway even though he was off that day! I can't wait to go back!
5	This place is fabulous! They have great sushi that has never disappointed (it's almost addicting)! The best part is that they have all you can eat sushi for $20 a person. And it's not just the podunk rolls either; it's a great variety of everything. All I had to do was come here once and I was hooked :) The staff is always really nice and attentive, too (and I mean every single one of them). They really pay attention to what's going on and make sure you're always taken care of. The owner, Richard, is awesome! You can really tell that he cares about everything and he always goes out of his way to make sure everyone is happy. Oh, did I mention the Korean BBQ? Although it's been hard to tear myself away from the sushi, I've had the Korean BBQ a couple of times and have loved it! The side dishes are all very yummy and remind me of when I used to visit my grandma's house :) NOM! I recommend this place to everyone I know, not just because it's so damn delicious, but because it's one of the few places that DESERVES to have tons of business. Go NOW!:)
5	being from LA, im a huge fan of the DIY KBBQ experience so i was pretty sad to learn that most kbbq places in AZ didnt let you cook your own stuff on the table. well, i was sad until a friend suggested we try Takamatsu! grills on the table, baby! i am the master of my own meat domain! (stop laughing). i instantly loved this place the minute we walked through the door. the smell was incredible... all the tasty galbi, seafood, and bulgogi sizzling on the table top grills. i was in heaven. the menu was extensive and included some really good cuttlefish and cuts of meat. we ordered a lot and ate a lot. the quality of the vegetables, meats, and side dishes was excellent and i couldn't have been happier.the wait staff is extremely nice and personable, often coming to the tables to laugh and joke with you. they are also really quick to fill up your glass or offer you another beer. angels in meat heaven. i'm definitely coming here anytime i need a kbbq fix.
5	$20 all you can eat sushi, how can you go wrong? The place is not too big and has a homey feel. The workers there are all awesome. I mean really awesome. One of my new favorite habits. Going to try to make it at least once a month.
5	This is one of my favorite places in the valley to eat. Hands down some of the best Korean BBQ anywhere and I have traveled all over and had lots. Their sides are amazing and they are very very generous with them. I would recommend the short ribs marinated as my personal fav. Remember if you get a meat not marinated first that is what you are getting just plain meat. Everything is good and the services is great and if you come back they will remember you.
5	If you love Korean BBQ, this is the place for you. You can cook your meats at the table if you order two or more entrees. The Kalbi was to die for. Their caterpillar roll sushi and yellow tail sashimi melted in your mouth. It's a quaint authentic atmosphere. The service was great too.
4	Pretty good food....come during 12 to 230 for their lunch menu..the price is alot better
5	Definitely a new favorite. My boyfriend and I went here last night because we wanted to try grill-at-the-table Korean BBQ, and this place didn't disappoint. We ordered two meat dishes only because that was the minimum order... but phew. The banchan came out and we knew we were in trouble - so much delicious food in front of us, so little stomach space! I pulled out my phone to see if some of our friends could show up to help us eat this food, but no dice - we were on our own, with two big honking plates of meat, about 10 banchan dishes, and of course, rice and veggies that come with the BBQ. Fortunately the people at the restaurant were very nice about it, and packaged up most of the pork belly on ice for us to take home and cook.The service was great-friendly, and very attentive. The bulgogi was phenomenal all on its own, and the black pork belly was great when wrapped up with all the other addins. All the banchan dishes were delicious, especially the tofu strips. And to top it off, a small fragrant cup of the most delicious cinnamon tea. Planning on coming back - with reinforcements!
4	Service, awesome.  Food, spectacular.  Price, unbeatable. I can't tell you how many times this restaurant has saved my life.  Richard is very understanding when I come in completely hung over, and knows to put extra kimchi in my side dishes.  Also, in terms of the local "$20 all you can eat" sushi specials, this is the only place that ever pops into my head as  a place I need to go.  Their sushi chef if spectacular and super friendly so it's always a nice time sitting at the bar.They have a special lunch menu that is served only during the week, so you can expect the dinner menu on Saturday and Sunday regardless of the time you go.  Both menus are amazing, it's just that the menus are slightly different in their options so if you have a specific craving (and I often do) you might have to concede to something different once you get there.  It's mildly annoying, but the food never disappoints so I let it go.Try it, you wont be disappointed.
5	Best place to eat Korean food.  Their food and service is amazing!  Really friendly staff and the manager always checks to see if everything is going good and if we need anything.
4	Definitely leans more toward the Korean flavors than Japanese. The food was very good and the provided a lot of it! It is a very popular place and can get a bit crowded, but most of the folks there were regulars and all having a good time.The service was also very good. More like a family serving you than professional waiters.  Very nice from a neighborhood restaurant.I will be back!
3	Went here for all you can eat and thought it could have been much better.The service was really slow.  We ordered 2 rolls at first and it took forever.  I think 2 other tables that come in after us had their food before we did.The sushi was very sub-par.  I understand that it's $20 all you can eat but seriously...I guess you get what you pay for.
5	love it! all you can eat sushi.....it's awesome deff new fav place for my gf and ilarge menu for lots of diff rolls amazing will b back soon
3	Food...good (we had Korean vice the sushi).  Not great, but good.Cinnamon tea was real good.  I suspect if you were to drink a 16oz glass of the stuff you wouldn't sleep for a week.Service was quick and efficient.Ventilation was not good.  In fact it was bad.  Restaurant was warm, humid and smokey.  It didn't appear that more than 2 or 3 tables were using the table cook tops so I really wouldn't want to be there on a night when more table cooking was going on.Not a 4, not a 3...maybe 3.5.
4	Husband is a self-proclaimed Korean BBQ addict because he had a Korean nanny growing up so he knows how to use chopsticks better than I do and always tries to recreate the childhood bulgogi recipe. BUT, he had NEVER had Korean BBQ, well, before Takamatsu.We first visited Takamatsu in Chandler, AZ. Initially we were skeptical because the name sounds ambiguously Japanese and the menu includes a quite substantial sushi selection. But when we saw the numerous small plates of appetizers (various veggie kimchi, fish cake) that covered the table top, we started to realize this is serious business. We ordered short rib and spicy pork to grill on our table.The portion was enormous; the marinade was heavenly; and the grilling was fun. The meal was so meaty (in a very good way) we had to box most of our grilled ribs and pork. Even the left-over was good. Husband made ramen noodles with the spicy pork.Also, we strayed and got a side of sashimi. We ended up grilling the sashimi because 1) we were so full and 2) grilling was so much fun.We came back the next weekend. This time in Tucson. The Tucson location is the original, so it is more upscale and spacious than the one in Chandler, and has a full-blown sushi bar. We got spicy BBQ pork and bulgogi beef. I also ordered a tofu seafood stew.Spicy pork was outstanding; bulgogi dried up more quickly on the grill so it was not my favorite, but still good; the tofu stew was filling. Overall, we love this place.I highly recommend venturing into the Korean BBQ land with a group of friends. It is good food, relatively inexpensive, tons of fun, and highly addicting.
3	Decent sushi and super nice staff and owner. The rice is not quite washed enough times to be mushy enough to not fall apart. The rise is basically like rice you would eat chinese food with. This is the only complaint.Good place and its tough to beat $20 for all you cane at sushi.Be careful what you order 7 rolls was a challenge for the 2 of us to put down.
4	Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Heyyyyy yummy Kim-Chi!Heyyyyy some Bulgogi beef please!Heyyyyy with some vegetable Japchae!Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style!Voted best Korean restaurant in 2011!  I think I enjoyed it the second time around.  Takamatsu is located on the Northwest corner of Arizona Ave. and Elliot.  Signage is poor, but once you find this gem you won't be disappointed.  Taka-Takamatsu style, Takamatsu style offers up Happy Hour daily and some locations have a full on sushi bar.  I would recommend going to Takamatsu's for Korean BBQ.  (Warning you will smell like Korean BBQ after enjoying some Korean BBQ!)We ordered the Bulgogi beef, Japchae or sweet potato noodles, Haemul Pa Jeon or I like to call it Korean pancakes, and finally some seafood tofu soup.  Like the song, I don't know what the heck I just said!  The Bulgogi beef we cooked ourselves on the BBQ grill in the middle of the table.  Overall, we did a fine job and made sure we didn't burn off all the marinated sauce.  This was the first time I had the Japchae noodles and I thought they were pretty good, but reminded me of the Thai dish Pad See Ew.  The Korean "pancakes" were never my favorite unless it came with whip cream and strawberries and someone from a place called IHOP made it!  I think it fills my belly and that's about it.  Finally, the tofu soup is my overall favorite Korean dish of all especially on a chilly night!  The broth mixed with my bowl of rice is the best.  Steaming hot with a blast of flavors and spices; it warms my soul - Seafood Tofu Soup for the Asian soul, I'm working on the book haha! - Enjoy!
4	One of my favorite Korean places in the valley as I have almost tried all of them but one or two. FIrst few times I came with a total of 4 of us. Sushi, KBBQ, soups, etc! We always ordered more than we needed. However my favorite visit is my recent visit. It was just my boyfriend and I. I have had a bad hankering for samgyupsal lately. He likes Korean food and sushi, so this place was a no brainer for us. Luckily we were in the East Valley because that is the only downfall for us, no decent Korean places in CenPho area. We NOW know only to order what we want so we do not over order and end up with tons of leftovers like before (not that is a problem). So some sushi, bulgogi and samgyupsal for KBBQ is all we needed. The banchan and rice came out, and we started to dig in. Our favorites are the cucumber, daikon radish, and cabbage kimchis as always, but they had other great choices. For some reason this time the banchan was superior to the other times we have came...we had to get a few refills of them before our food was ready! Grills started up and bulgogi was ready to be cooked. A few minutes later my samgyupsal finally showed up and plenty of it! I don't know, but it sure seemed like there was much more samgyupsal than the last time I came and I was definitely not going to complain. Everything was tasty and satisfying. It was one of my more pleasurable times at this place. I love that they have a Korean network (SBS) playing on the tv, so at times you might be watching a Korean drama or news. Most of the time you can find me singing along to the kpop playing and eating like a Queen.
5	Thanks Yelp for telling me about this place!  It is so yummy!  The Korean food is outstanding here.....the Japanese food is good not, but there is better places.  A must try is the Bulgogi and the Beef Rib soup.  That soup was so amazing.  The veggies were soft, the ribs were tender, and the broth was delicious.   It's one of my new favorite soups.  The Korean veggies that came with the meal were fantastic, too.  I really enjoyed the mashed potato, cucumber, and broccoli sides.  I cannot wait to go back.  The only thing I didn't like was smelling like the place when I left!  They could use some better air flow in the place!
2	We had an extremely hard time looking beyond the dirt in this restaurant. They had a room next to the main seating area that my little boy happened to run into and the room was extremely dirty. They may just have had a party in there but honestly it looked like dry food on the floor. I tried to go beyond that and ordered 4 different dishes. We are not used to Korean food. Therefore, I'm no expert on it's taste, etc. I really liked their white rice but that's about it. All of their little Korean sides were very hot and very different looking/tasting. I felt this place as overpriced for the size of the portions. The food didn't seem to be very fresh, but old. I think if this place was sparkling clean, the food was fresh and if the servers spoke better English to explain us their dishes better we would have enjoyed this place a bit more. We are not going back here. I'm half Japanese, I love Japanese food and I think I will stick to it until I can find a clean Korean restaurant with servers that can explain/help us with the menu. We were ready for a fun cooking ourselves night with the kids and left frustrated that the kids could not eat anything from being super hot!! Spicy hot! I like spicy but not that Korean spicy...Everybody in our table had bad stomach problems same night and next day...:(We didn't order any deserts or fancy drinks or sushi so I can't comment on that. On the side note, I noticed a lot of Asian people in there. I assume it must be good for them as we were the only non Asian people. So if you like and understand Korean food you should try but if you are a newbie this is not the place yet..
4	Anytime I need to satisfy my korean bbq/kimchi craving, I usually come here to satisfy that specific hunger need. I have been here countless times and the food is always consistent, service is mostly mindful, and the manager (owner?) is very kind and accommodating. When ordering, I tend to bbq my own meat as oppossed to having the kitchen cook it. I prefer my bulgogi or spicy pork bbq'd enough until it develops the nice, crispy char around the edges of the meat. The portions are large enough to feed 3-4 people comfortably, but if you are like me and my hubby, we will eat two plates of bbq'd meat. We are not shy when it comes down to Korean bbq! Since there is no all you can eat in the Phoenix vicinity, like the establishments in K-town in LA, this is the closest bet I have found and it's always a decent, solid meal.
3	Went here for the all u can eat sushi, 20$ per person.  Honestly, its only getting 3 stars instead of 2 because the service was great.  Our waitress was nice and the manager/owner was super nice and even gave my GF free ice cream for dessert which usually doesnt come with.However, we were not fans of the sushi.  The rice was super dense and they used a ton of rice, probably so that you dont eat more fish.  The seaweed also didnt taste good.  Even the fish didnt taste that great.  The sushi was just not very good, and we only ordered 1 batch since there was so much rice and the rice was soo filling.  I had never had rice like this in sushi, it was really mushed together and dense.On the other hand, the Korean BBQ food at other tables looked really good.  And someone had a soup with beef that looked outstanding.  So maybe go to this restaurant if you want that stuff, but I wouldnt recommend the sushi.
3	for Arizona standards, the Korean bbq is the best you can find in the state of Arizona. however, every time I eat here, the service is terrible as usual. if you don't mind having terrible service then definitely try this place.
2	WHYYYYY I am still hungry after eating here.....Waiter (Tall goofy kid, maybe the son?)  seemed very put off by having us there. was repeatedly rude to us and rolled his eyes several times (which is JUST about enough to make me commit homicide.)He told us we needed to order because they "had a lot of big parties coming soon" we had a large party and too much food to grill at table, so we asked him (tall goofy son) to take two dishes back into kitchen, and he again groaned, rolled his eyes, and said "I told you this would happen if you didn't order soon"  WTF?place was clean.  dishes were reasonable at about $10 each. food was bland but acceptable.  Once goofy son left us completely alone, ignoring us and placing us into refill-hell for about 20 minutes, we caught his attention and asked for extra plates to cut a birthday cake we brought..... he groaned and we never saw him again,  a younger son took over our table and service was excellent after that.we won't be back. I'd rather be strapped to a board and be forced to stare directly into a One Direction concert than be treated like shit by a snot-nosed teenage Nickelback fan.  DIRRRRRR....
5	The best Korean bbq in the east valley...dare I proclaim... Takamatsu is deff in the top Korean bbq. But what puts Taka ahead of others is 3 things, size of portions, ability to grill your own meat, and cheap cheap sushi. The only con I can think of Taka is the price. But that is expected of any Korean bbq. But if you are going to pay $15 plus for kalbi or bulgulgi, it better be good.  Taka has the option that you can cook your meat at the table, a 2 meat dish min is required.  But I prefer to have someone else do the dirty work.  Both the Kalbi or the Bulgulgi are excellent.  The meat is just right, soft and not chewy and marinated to the bone.  Always comes in a cute "cow shaped" hot plate.  And the sides are always different and plentiful.  My faves are the kimchi and the pickled cucumber.  And you can ask for a refill on the side dishes.  I've tried a multiple of their soups and they're all good also.One thing is they have a fresh sushi bar at the place also. Not only that, they have it as reasonable prices.  Most of the rolls are under $10.  I had the Baked Scallop Roll (my gauge to how good the sushi place is) and it was big, and the scallops were actually baked (seperately) and  had its own sauce.  With that in mind, Takamatsu is by far the best bang for your buck for Korean BBQ.  I'm sure you'll agree to after you've tried it.Pros:Good sized portionscan cook your meat at the tableSUSHI- good sushi and cheapfood always goodprompt serviceConsyou'll smell like Korean BBQchopsticks are a lil uncomfortable to hold.
5	Amazing! We have been going here for 7+ yrs and have never had a bad experience. My daughter (who is 6) choose this as her birthday meal this year. The food is amazing. We've had the chicken, pork belly, bulgolgi and Kalbi and they were all awesome. My ex introduced me to this place and he didn't time in Korea with the Army and I this is his favorite place in az to go to four Korean. The sushi is pretty good too. Richard, the owner is so nice and the staff is amazing as well. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the mood for good Korean or sushi!
4	Been here many times before.  But last nite, I felt like having some Korean BBQ so I took my daughter and we went to eat.  I ordered four entree meats -- marinated chicken thighs, bulgogi, beef deckle meat, and sliced pork belly.  Each serving was adequate -- not a lot, but not too little also.  I guess the only complaint I would have about the meats is that the chicken thigh was deboned and cut into very small pieces....I would rather have the chicken meat just deboned but left as big as possible.They gave us about 8 different banchans -- nothing exciting or great, but very adequate.  I thought the kim chee was good, as was the fish cake banchan.  The other stuff was pretty good too but my daughter said she would have liked their apple banchan, but I thought they gave us enough -- even offered us refills.We also got a plateful of lettuce leaves for wrapping the meat in, and a nice serving of green onion/lettuce salad with the spicy vinaigrette dressing -- I love that.  I ordered a bottle of shoju and my daughter had lemonade.  We thought that the service was very good and the food good too.You might be thinking, why so much food for just two people?  Well, I gotta feed my three little dogs too, and they were waiting for their share of the dinner when we got home.  They ate all the leftover meat and chicken and some of the non-spicy banchan.  They too were satisfied and thought the food was good too.I will be back again when the Korean BBQ cravings hit me again.
5	Love this place! I have been eating here for about 10 years and the food is always great.Yes - sometimes it is packed and service is slow but you never feel like they are slacking off.The guys at the sushi bar are fun and very talented and the rolls are HUGE!Rich is hilarious and always make a point to stop by and say "hi".The BBQ is awesome too - love the kimchi and the always changing variety of it.
3	Went here on a suggestion of a friend that two of us were visiting in Arizona. The place seemed clean and nice enough. You could definitely see some wear n' tear in the furnishings and such but nowhere near rundown. They serve both sushi and korean food. No one in our party had sushi so I can't give any opinion on that portion. The prices on most of the menu items seemed reasonable. The korean bbq meats were the only items that seemed on the higher priced side. I had the rice cake & mandoo soup and my 2 friends ordered korean bbq, kalbi & chicken. There is a note that to grill your own meats, at least 2 bbq items must be ordered. My soup came in a pretty big bowl and tasted good. The bbq portion did include lettuce, bean paste, sliced raw garlic & jalapenos and a green onion salad with some vinaigrette I think? The side dishes all tasted decent. There was no bean sprouts but I'm guessing they might rotate dishes like most restaurants I see do. I did have a taste of the kalbi. It was tender but a little under seasoned. Service was ok. Our waitress was patient since it took us awhile to figure out what we all wanted to order. She was attentive at keeping our drinks filled and refilling side dishes. Towards the end we did have a little hard time flagging one of them down since it seemed like business was picking up at that time. While overall it was decent, I couldn't help think how back in Vegas you get all-you-can-eat korean bbq for about the cost of 1 bbq meat order here. Maybe that tilts me towards not favoring this place as much. My friend tells me there is no AYCE korean bbq places around there so it's probably the next best thing to have there.
1	This is one place that desperately needs the trademark Korean restaurant table beepers.Ignored for a good 40 minutes in a half empty restaurant.Received drinks after 45Good company made it bearableServers were disinterestedThey follow the 80/20 rule in serving80% of service to 20% of the tables.Didn't replace grill racksDidn't replace banchan until we asked 20 min laterSame for riceNot even a hi all dinner serviceInvisible man service styleLotsa hairs in potato saladWaiter just shrugged and said yea (At this point it was just like grinding it out for the meal to end, the latino waiter who seemed like the only person in the restaurant really trying to serve people seemed pretty sad too by this discovery.)Waited for bill...another 20 minAsked for a split check, lotsa sighsJust disappointing when I came here last year with Koreans we got the polar opposite in terms of treatment. At least the food wasn't as underwhelming as the service. It's sorta sad people are rating this place so high esp with the price premium they charge...Have they never been to So-Cal Korean bbq, or heck even Chodang? And sushi at Takamatsu is pretty OP (as in overpriced) too since other people mentioned high great of a deal the sushi here was.Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.**Came back a second time a week later and the service was just as bad. No service really and my friend had to yell and wave to get scissors after waiting 20 min. Charging 18% gratuity to serve ourselves and not get refills of banchan makes me cry a little inside.
4	AS good as I expected, beef is the signature dish there. However, restaurant needs to be cleaned up. Overall, this is a decent place to go.
4	Love this place!!Food is consistently good. I like everything we get there. :)
3	Decent side dishes and service is really fast.Food is okay; good enough to satisfy a Korean food craving.What we ordered:Hwae pah jun (seafood pancake)Hwae soon dobu (seafood tofu soup)Yooke jangThe prices are good and the portions are huge.
1	The service sucks. We just went there and waited for 15 min n no one came to serve us. Even we asked one of the servers to get us water and menu, 5 min passed n no one showed up. It sucks. I believe even no one noticed we left
3	I had been Takamatsu of Glendale many many time when I lived in Glendale.  My family LOVED the Koren B.B.Q at the Glendale location.  I moved to Chandler and never been the Chandler location.  I took my family there on Father's day and expected the same quality service and food.The food was the same quality and tasty just like the Glendale's location.  However, the service was not so great.  The main server totally forgot to serve us rice and didn't do much of serving.  Ended up another server helping us more often.  I understand that Father's day was a holiday and restaurant could get busy.  I, however, do expect to be served properly.  For that reason, minus 2 stars from me.  Next time if they have better service, I would add back 2 stars.
2	This restaurant is badly in need of a shower and extreme sanitization! The interior is so run down and old that it looks like some kind of a beat-up foreclosure home. It needs a renovation and a major clean up! My coworker ordered a fried pork bento box and ended up getting a chicken one. Instead of leaving the food so that he can at least eat the side dish while they make the pork. The lady server took away the entire plate. My co-worker had to wait for the new plate without anything to eat and looking at me eating. The lunch was average. I haven't tried all the food here so not fair to say it's all average. But if  you like their food here. I recommend you not to take anyone with you but yourself because you will be embarrassed by it's interior! Personally I won't be back unless they renovate or clean up that place!
2	Got the ton katsu bento box for lunch. Came out with the chicken one and had to wait 10 more minutes as they took my entire bento box away while they made the pork. Had to watch my colleague eat his salmon while my stomach was growling the whole time. Also, the website is misleading, only the Tucson location has the lunch buffet and all you can eat sushi. Won't come back, not with all the other great asian restaurants in the area.
4	For those that like to grill your own meat, Takamatsu is a carnivore griller's dream. They offer a plethora of various meats such as ribeye, traditional bulgolgi, kalbi short rib, shimrp, scallops, spicy pork, and chicken. The marinated meats are the best, since the marinade will caramelize on the grill when your meat cooks, lending itself to be a tasty experience.We went here and shared some bulgolgi, spicy pork, and short rib. Each plate had good quality meat that, when cooked, yielded tender and flavorful bites. The dishes came with 1 bowl of rice per plate, and we also had the requisite panchan. We also had some lettuce (Romaine and green leaf) leaves to use as wraps for the meat and side-dishes.The panchan was a pretty large variety, including potato salad, radish and cabbage kimchi, seaweed, fish cake, and pickled sweet cucumber. Service was a little spotty, as we had to flag down waiters sometimes after a long wait to get refills on items and drinks. We came as a large party of 7, and we ended up paying a little less than $19 per person including tip for 6 plates of meat and 2 sodas. Not too bad considering all of us were pretty full after our meal, and we had a huge quantity of meat consumed.Definitely a good place to indulge in marinated, grilled meat. Don't wear your Sunday best though, since your clothes will also be "marinated" in the smell of Korean bbq!
1	Tired fish, old rice, and terrible service ( my order came 1/2 hour after my dining companions), and when it finally arrived it was missing one of the items I ordered. Some other people in our party left due, they said, to the smell of the place. I can't deny the place DID have an odor.  Waited 45 minutes for the check,. Worst yet, I had terrible diarrhea the next day.  DON'T GO THERE! Your bowels and plumbing will thank you. PS - my understanding is that this restaurant is under new ownership. They better get their act together ASAP.
4	I like the friendly staff, and that it's close to home and work. Not trendy, snobby, or pretentious. Just good sushi.
2	I had a korean bbq craving because I was so use to eating it so often in the Orange County, CA.  They must have had over 20 within a 10 mile radius, so with that said.. I can safely say that I have the ability to judge good or bad quality of meat.  The panchan was about the only good thing we got... the service is horrible, ignored over 10 times, took over 30 mins to get our check.  We ordered the brisket and pork belly.  When the order was brough over it was brownish... so I though eh if you cook it it will be fine.. WRONG. Both the brisket and pork belly was dry as sandpaper the sauces did not help.  It surprises me that porkbelly can be so dry?! The grill kept getting sticky but it took forever to flag a waiter down to change it.  I have yet to try the sushi but I will definately be sticking to CA for korean bbq now.  Pretty pricey too for such low quality meat.
4	Yummy yummy in my tummy. Never done this before but I will be back. We did the BBQ with beef ribs and shrimp. I cannot tell you how much food it is!!!!!! The staff is  soo nice however they do need a little cleaning and update for decor. Other than that magnificent.
4	This is a great place to get a reasonably priced lunch. My favorite is the bulgogi beef or marinated chicken combo. You'll get a nice portion of rice some excellent sides and a salad in addition to your main course. People are friendly too!
3	One of the great drawbacks of living in a great town like Phoenix is the dearth of great Korean food.  With that said, no other korean restaurant is comparable when considering all factors.   The exception is when soon dubu is the craving, Chodang a few miles south gets the nod..
5	My favorite restaurant! Love this place! Love the bibim bap!! So good can't go wrong with anything you order.
2	Food was ok, Bulgogi was a little too sweet.  Could have used a little spice in it.   Salmon Terayki was good.  Both were decent portions though.  There also open till 10 PM which is latter than a lot of other restaurants in the area.  Knocking one star down b/c they decided to clean the area while we were still eating and the chemicals were burning our eyes.  They kinda apologized, but not really.  Well try this place again but will go towards a busier time.
1	I haven't yet tried Takamatsu Korean food, so this review is strictly for their sushi. The honest truth is this place has the WORST sushi I have ever had in my life! It was a disappointment to say the least, even for an all you can eat place (which aren't very good most of the time). The sushi had way too much rice, three times the normal. The fish was not fresh and the mix of flavors were weird. One roll I tried was the volcano roll which was four pieces of thinly sliced riced with a small center of cream cheese sitting in a pile of pungent garlic oil and had an off sour taste to it. We tried four rolls and most did not contain all the ingredients mentioned in the description, so I don't know if they ran out of ingredients or what. The reason for only trying four rolls is because those were the first round and after trying them we were so disgusted we couldn't order more. We also tried the shrimp tempura and I think they used the wrong sort of batter because it had a soft and chewy texture to it. The gyoza dumplings were very greasy and had minimum filling. Overall, I wouldn't recommend the sushi here to my worst enemy. This is a Korean restaurant and they should stick to what they do best.
3	All you can eat Sushi for $19.95? I'm game.After receiving and email from the New Times dining with Taka offering all you can eat sushi, I talked my wife into it and off we went on a Friday night. The Sushi bar was full so we sat at a table. Which usually means your Sushi may not be a fresh at you'd like it. This held true for us.Miso soup and steam soy beans were good. The tempura shrimp was fresh and hot when it came out.     Our main platter of Sushi took more time than we expected but the majority of it was good. We did find 2 things that were odd. The rolls came out with a much larger amount of rice in them than I've ever had at a Sushi bar. They were think on rice and thin on the actual ingredients.The deep fried roll had to have been sitting there waiting for the other rolls. It was cold and going soggy on the outside and barely warm on the inside.     We had the Albacore Tuna which to me was probably the most unappetizing roll I've ever had. There was something pickled or something like it that gave it an odd flavor. The albacore on top was looking like it was getting dried out. It just wasn't worth the normal $11 they charged for it. The other "normal" rolls we had were tasty even with the extra rice.    For all you can eat, it is an good place to stop for more traditional rolls.The Korean BBQ menu I flipped through looked very enjoyable  but pricey. We will try that next time and take a few friends.    The food was good in most respects and fresh. If you want the Sushi sit at the bar. It will always be fresher.
2	To start, I've only had the Sushi here so I cannot speak to the quality of the actual BBQ plates.The girl and I came here for a going away dinner with a large group of people. The service was not great. Understandably it's a large group so I expect a lull in service but when we have to correct an unfriendly server 3+ times, getting dirty looks each time oven though the mistake is not on our end, then having to remind the cashier what we bought when we decide to head home is a bit ridiculous. Especially given the 18% gratuity they hit us with for a large group. Wouldn't have tipped them more than 5% with the type of service we got. Again, I would say this was a result of it being a large group except nearby tables of 2-4 people were experiencing the same problems. The sushi itself was extremely underwhelming. We did not do the all you can eat because we figured four rolls at $8 a pop would be enough for the two of us. Honestly would have been better off saving our money, buying a 1 pound bag of instant rice and eating that instead. The sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish. We got the Las Vegas Roll, the Rainbow Roll, Tiger Roll, and the Heart Attack roll. The Vegas roll was mostly doughy breading, the Tiger roll and Rainbow Roll were okay but with little meat, and the Heart Attack Roll was a disastrous mix. Eel sauce, BBQ sauce, and pseudo-cheese sauce DO NOT mix well.All in all, I was not impressed. The BBQ plates may be better but honestly I would rather try a different Korean BBQ place before coming back here after this experience. If you do decide to try Takamatsu out, avoid the sushi at all costs.UPDATE: Sadly I will not be coming back here again. I'm on day two of food poisoning since I ate at Takamatsu and I definitely don't think it'll be worth my money or health for a repeat performance. Leaving two stars up since I cannot and will not be trying the barbeque. which I have heard is actually supposed to be good.
3	Finally tried it out. The beef was great and I will go back for that and the cinnamon tea. Everything else about this place is under whelming - it looks dank and outdated to start. We were one of only 2 tables and were hard pressed to get drink refills, not sure what the staff was so busy doing when we were cooking our own food!?!
3	I used to eat here a lot. Their lunch special Korean rib is really good.However, under the new management, the sushi roll is now packed with ton of rice.
3	I love this place's lunch special, the Kalbi beef is really good and reasonably price. I used to love this place's sushi as well. For an all-you-can-eat sushi place, their sushi was delicious and their shrimp tempura was to die for! They used to have the mussel appetizer too. However, lately their all you can eat sushi is not as good anymore! They putted a limit on how many time we can order the shrimp tempura, which is once per person. This is ridiculous and they didn't tell us that before hand.In addition, I feel like their customer service is getting progressively worse eAch time we came. The waitress and waiter seem like they trying to avoid eye contact with us. My water weren't refill until I asked them twice. I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon. I will probably go to Cho Dang lunch special instead. Cho Dang has much better customer service.
2	Meh. I was really looking forward to trying out Takamatsu. After all, it is right up the street from our house. Dude and I joined Sarah R. and a large group (15-20, I think, many dropped in and out) here for her Sendoff Dinner.Yes, the quality service tends to decline when larger groups are present. But what we experienced was downright unacceptable.Really rude server. Mumbled and spoke too quietly and we seemed like a giant inconvenience to her. Brought rolls to our table that belonged to no one in our party, and got visibly peeved (eye rolling, dirty looks, etc.) when one of us told her politely it wasn't ours.Good luck getting water or utensils. Dude and I ended up just sharing a glass. Trying to cash out or get a check was a nightmare. Another server approached our party and asked Dude and I if some rolls were ours. They need a better way to keep track of tickets. Got to the point we walked up to the cashier, told him what we ordered and paid.Also, another server on Sarah's end of the table got frustrated with a new guest to our party and RIPPED UP his sushi ordering sheet. In front of customers ... And was that really necessary? We probably made a mistake ordering sushi at a Korean BBQ joint. But hey, sounded tasty! Tried the Las Vegas, Tiger, Rainbow and Heart Attack Rolls. Everything tasted the same. Way too much rice, thinly cut fish (to the point it looked like just the skins), and the breading on the Vegas Roll was bready and soggy. Like it had been sitting out a long time. And don't even get me started on the culinary clusterphuk that was that Heart Attack Roll. Come on: Eel sauce + spicy cheese sauce + cream cheese + jalapeno pepper does not equal a palate pleaser.I did; however, get to taste a piece of Sarah's spicy pork dish ... That was excellent!The bright side to this place? We had a wonderful time enjoying the company of our friends, and Takamatsu was OK with me bringing a cake for Sarah.Despite the dismal experience, I wanted to come back and try the Korean BBQ. That is, until Dude got an epic case of food poisoning. Going on day two. And we're talking about a guy that almost never gets sick. Can count on one hand after nearly 9 years together how many times he's been sick.Not worth $8.95/roll; sure as hell wasn't worth an 18% gratuity charge. I'll stick to Shimogamo for delicious sushi that matches the price, and will be on the hunt for another Korean BBQ place. Spare your digestive tract and avoid the sushi. Stick to BBQ if you go.
5	If you come here, come for the Korean BBQ.  Huge portions.  You definitely get your money' worth, if not more.  The spicy pork is my favorite, and you also get the side dishes of kim chi.  Sometimes the service is slow/questionable, but the BBQ speaks for itself.  If you're looking for just a fabulous meal on a casual night out, try this place.
2	I've been here twice. The first time was about two years ago with my Korean teammate and we did bbq at our table. It was amazing! The food and the service was good. I have been talking about this place and wanting to come for a long time. Fast forward to now. I had my farewell dinner here and brought about 15 people. The bbq was delicious but, unfortunately, anyone who had anything else had complaints. The customer service was terrible. One of the girls at our table was not even asked once what she wanted to eat and one of the servers got visibly upset about one of the tickets and crumpled it up at our table. A few of my friends were super pumped about the all-you-can eat sushi. I heard that the rolls had way too much rice and too little fish. Lastly, one of my friends said he got food poisoning. I would say come with a small group or just a couple friends and just focus on the bbq.
3	For AZ this is as good as Korean food gets!!  Go if you need your Korean fix and have some Japanese rolls or food if you are craving both.
1	The food is good but the services sucks!!  We had a young skinny asian server with glasses 3 times in a row. All three times was bad. He serves us like he hates his job. Everytime I order more food or water he gets mad at us. We came in on a Saturday  night at 9:45 and the restaurant closes at 10:30 but the asian server looked at the clock and told us that they were closed. I looked around and there were still customers.We are done!! Were not coming back here again!!
3	Came here to feast with a few friends (party of 6) after we finished the Spartan Race.  There was hardly anyone there, maybe two other tables with some other Spartan Race participants that was hungry like we were. We decided to do the BBQ option where we cooked our own meat.  The food was great!  The service was what turned us off.  Our server (tall male with glasses) was serving 2-3 tables including ours for most of the time we were there.  Once we received our sides and our meat, we did not get any check ups on refills for our water or sides for a good 20-25 minutes.  He practically did not make any eye contact to our table for the entire time.  I had to stand up and walk towards him to get his attention to ask for refills.  After we received our refills, the same thing happened where we didn't get any check ups.  Luckily we were already full and didn't want anything else but I did have to stand up and get his attention to ask for the check.
4	The place is nice but the decor ordinary, the wait staff is only attentive at the beginning of the meal, when they brought the ban can first which was a plus, I got the khalbi dot sok bibimbop which came out relatively quickly but I noticed the bowl was a lot smaller than hodori's was. The food did taste good but the service is terms of bringing me water was slower. When we were done they seemed really eager to have us leave so they gave us the check right away. I ordered the tempura ice cream then and shared with my friends. It did not have chocolate drizzle like the picture but instead it was smothered in whipped cream and had two lemon wedges on the side. I was Ok with that but it is false advertising. Since it was the middle of the day on Saturday it didn't seem very packed so we stayed to talk longer but received no service after that. This place is good for eating in and leaving but not for friends who want to catch up.
2	This place makes a bad reflection on Korean people and its FN pathetic!If you are a party of 2, PRAY TO GOD you dont get the skinny Korean guy with glasses!He hates his job, no personality, doesnt like to serve, and oh god if you ask for water, he'll look at you and doesnt say a damn word.I hate to leave bad reviews, the food is ok, SERVICE JUST PLAIN SUCKS!But for all the other servers, they ARE NOT attentive, they dont care, typical EFFIN asian place.YOU SIT, YOU EAT, YOU PAY, YOU REEVE!Last straw with them, Ill be at Hodori.
1	Definitely the last time I come here. I used to be a regular but now the customer service is so bad it's ridiculous. And ever since Richard the old owner left, the service only gotten worst and the food quality itself dropped. Spicy pork is full of fat. The bulgoli is dry and livery tasting. If the food was good and the service is bad, I would still man it out and come here but now that both is horrible, no reason in coming back. After 5 years it's time to say goodbye.
5	I come here for the sushi and always sit at the bar. Usually around happy hour but have been there for many different times of the day and week. I'm pretty sure all you can eat sushi can happen for any situation.Hungry?Just a snack?Pre- night out food?Post failed night out food?By yourself?With a small group (at the bar)?Tons of raw fish can solve all of this!The guys at the sushi bar are fun and personable. One remembered me after not coming here for a month.All in all I love this place
1	Food wasn't great. Atmosphere was fair to good. Sushi chief was nice but  everyone else is both unhelpful and penny-pinching. No vegan options and the staff who watched us like security guards charged us for our 2 year old son by including him as part of the Gratuity. DO NOT DRINK THE WATER, it's bad. But if you eat something spicy then you won't care. My personal recommendation, if you aren't Korean or don't speak the language then don't go here.
1	Service is terrible. Server literally came up to the table and said you ready? We didn't have water or anything. He didn't bring water for another 10 min. I'm forced to put 1star but I would be 0 stars if I could. Service first!
1	This is one of the worst spots to visit. Food is ok - nothing extra however, all that means not when you get the worst service ever. If you get the young male server - run as quickly as you can out of the restaurant - he will make you never want to return. If you get the older female - you have a 50/50% chance of staying. She is decent until you ask for a drink refill or a refill of any side dishes.. I ordered the tofu soup mild. It came out Extra spicy( I love spicy - just didn't want it that day) and it came out after the other persons meal was done. The sushi guy seems to be ok - however sushi at a korean restaurant isn't my first choice.. I will never return here simply because the service was that bad.
5	I love this place. Used to love in chandler and came quite often. Really good food every time. Haven't been in a while but I absolutely love it. Good sushi and Korean food (;
2	My family and I have been to this restaurant 3 times. The third time was the last time because our service was sooooo bad.  They took a long time to take our order, bringing out the food and they even forgot about one of the orders (even after reminding them 3 times).  The food is really good but with all the trouble with the service it wasn't enjoyable.  I'm very disappointed that we will no longer eat here anymore because there is not may Korean BBQ places in Chandler.
5	The Korean BBQ was amazing!  The waitstaff could have been a little friendlier, but I loved it!  Going back with a large group next week to have it again !
3	This place is always my go-to place for korean food. I came here with family and we were like the only customers in there because we were eating at an odd time like 3-4 pm, not lunch but not quite dinner. Last year their cold noodle soup used to be super amazing and delicious but this year, not so much. I'm not sure what exactly changed but it is not as good anymore and that makes me super sad. We saw that they finally had jja jang myun on their menu so we ordered that too. The sauce tasted like it was microwaved and definitely not made fresh, not very flavorful either and we will not be ordering that ever again. This place is good if you order like meats and stuff, but today was just ok...
1	This place had the rudest customer service, it was horrible! We came to celebrate a birthday and drove all the way from the west side of town just to try out the place. We noticed they forgot a couple dishes and we asked the server. He finally went to put in the order. We asked 3-4x about the dish and it never came out until we were done with the rest of our meal. The workers were sitting around giving each other massages when we were the only party there and never really serving us. We asked if the dish can be comped since it wasn't our fault. The server yelled at us and told us that we should have cancelled the order if we didn't want it anymore next time. I told him that there won't be a next time. On top he made a really big deal about paying with split checks. Even charged us a gratuity for something the place didn't deserve!
1	The food and the service was horrible.  It was my first time, but was not impressed.  The service never came to ask how we were or to refill our drinks.
1	This place was bought out by another person a year ago. He named it Taka Sushi but hasn't changed the name on the outside.There are a few servers left from the old owner but they hate it. Ending in service going down hill.
1	WELL, where do I begin???  I gave this place 4 chances to redeem itself and I have to say that my 4th time will now be my LAST! I am an avid fan of Korean food and I absolutely love their BBQ and since there really isn't any great KBBQ places in Arizona I settled and went here. They key word here is SETTLED.......The food is good, that is something that I cannot deny, but it is definitely not great. The food is not the reason for the 1 star though, it is because of the horrible customer service!!!! And for that I wish I could give it a ZERO! Every time I come to this place the servers look at me and my friends like we have 5 heads. You can tell that they all hate their jobs and it seems like they hate people even more. BEWARE of the tall Asian man with glasses.....he is the biggest jerk I have ever come across in the serving industry. He doesn't say a damn word, even when I say thank you for things I ask for. This past time I went he came up to my table to ask what we wanted and of course I ordered off the K-BBQ menu, but what left a bad taste in my mouth was the fact that my friends wanted the "all you can eat sushi" option. He was so annoyed with that fact and rolled his eyes when he brought over the menu. When the food came to the table a few friends wanted to order more so they asked to see the menu again and the waiter said NO! After saying that we wanted to see the menu for a third time he replied with "eat first, then I will give you the menu" (whhhaaaaaaat?????) When he finally gave in and gave us the menu he actually threw it on the table. I guess we were such an inconvenience to this guy! Then why are you are server????? Don't you want an effin tip?! I can deal with the fact that this place is a little dirty and the food is ok, but I don't have any tolerance for bad customer service. It is not ok to treat people like a pebble at the bottom of your shoe! This is the reason I will never go back. If this continues then this placed will be closed in no time. If not, then you can find me at Chodang or Gogi where I know they appreciate the customers!
5	We sat at the table and ordered from the Korean BBQ menu so this review is about the BBQ since we didn't order the sushi. The BBQ was amazing we ordered bulgogi and chicken. The meat was marinated perfectly and tasted amazing. The portions were very large. It came with many sides and even included a cinnamon tea at the end. You cook the BBQ by yourself which is what I love. I've been to many of these types of place all over and this one is up there with on of the best. I highly recommend it. The sushi looked good also but unfortunately I haven't tried it.
2	I came in at 9pm with two friends and prior to coming in I made sure to check the closing hours because as a server myself, I try not to be rude and come in to eat right before closing. Upon coming into a completely empty restaurant, I asked if they were closed, even though the hours said 10pm on yelp. The gentleman said they closed at 9:30... didn't seem right. I ordered the spicy pork dish, the Vegas roll and shrimp tempura roll. The Vegas roll had little to no eel, and barely any avocado or cream cheese. The rice tasted like old, re-cooked rice, would definitely not recommend the sushi here AT ALL, you are probably better off chewing cardboard. The pork was ok, not terrible. I enjoyed the side dishes of pickled cucumber and radish than I did the actual food... Our server was rude and although he did refill our drinks at the very end, during the entire course of the meal he sat at a table on his phone while the other female server seemed to do all the work. Clean the tables, give us our side dishes, etc. This review gets 2 stars instead of 1 because she was friendly and nice. I will however not ever return here, for good Korean go to Hodori or Cho dang
2	So my friends and I always come here. For some reason today, was the worse experience I've had here. The server and was extremely rude. We ordered bulgogi,  and I thought under the assumption,  if we say I'm ordering for two, and we purposely sat at a table with a BBQ stove. The assumption would be that we would be doing BBQ. So they just brought us cooked bulgogi.
4	This place is pretty great for kalbi. Pork belly its decent as well. This place has tons of side dishes and I like their spicy lettuce strips more so than their kimchi, not that its bad, but that the lettuce strips are so original and tasty that you can eat this forever. Moreover their red pepper paste is on point (that brown stuff) and sesame oil is really good in combination with the meats IMO. Even though the paste is generally used for marinated meats while oil is used for the un-marinated ones.I dock one star because the service is spotty, they are good with water but even when they see we are completely done with certain side dishes they just let it sit there and they don't refill unless we specifically ask for it. Most meats are 18 bucks (NYC pricing) and the kalbi is $28 (high end NYC pricing for korean bbq).Flavor/foodwise this place is pretty great.
5	My favorite Korean place.  My ONLY Korean place. Personally, I've always had good service, so no complaints on that from me. I've had a a fair amount of dishes but not nearly enough because I always want the Kalbi Dolsot Bibimbap because it's my favorite comfort food. The banchan are good and plentiful, but my goodness Korean potato salad is my kryptonite. I would eat this by the gallon if I could.If you want to treat yourself, order a bottle of Soju to make your meal more authentic.
3	Okay first Pros:1) Easy to find.2) Their Kalbi is yummy worth the price.3) They don't charge extra for lettuce and garlic dish.Cons:1) It has faint smell of pee.  They need to clean their tables and chairs with some Clorox.  2) They don't have "service" dish.  I'm use to getting Steam eggs or something when I order Kalbi and pork belly in korean bbq restaurants.  "Service" dish is a free dish when you order two or more serving of meat.  3) Wait staff didn't come around.  Their customer service is not great.Final verdict: I'll give them one more chance, but will have to visit other Korean BBQ first.  I think there are 3 more places to go:)
2	Had dinner here with some friends. This place is not the cleanest restaurant in town. The floor was sticky when we walked into our booth. We sat down and was greeted by the server. He brought our waters while waiting to order and one of our water glasses was dirty, it had dis colored water in it. My friends ordered food. I didn't. While waiting for our dish we observed the server saving the lettuce that our neighboring table did not use and placed it on the side. I am hoping they are not reusing side dishes that are not eaten by their guests. I don't think I'll be back to this place. I gave it two stars because my friends that did order say that their Korean food was fair and edible.
4	My husband and I visited this place in search of some delicious Korean BBQ and that we found! There were a lot of pros and cons to this place but the Korean BBQ outweighed the negatives here. We had a lot of fun cooking our own food. We liked that on a Saturday night we could go out to eat somewhere without having to get dressed up or dealing with the annoyance of super loud music blasting in the background. A way I judge if the place is going to be good (in Asian restaurants) is if there are other Asian people eating there, that's always a good sign. LOL. There were A LOT of Asian people eating here! The decor was non-existent but that didn't matter. We were immediately greeted by the sushi chef and a few waitresses. We were served a lot of side dishes that consisted of mainly a lot of marinated/pickled vegetables. That was an adventure for our taste buds but my pallet hadn't acquired those tastes, yet.A waiter came out and sliced my short ribs in front of me and got the 1st round going for us. I really enjoyed the food, a lot! The rice was perfect too. I wish we could share since we get SO much food! if you're going to cook yourself and there are 2 people you can't share which sucks since they give you like a pound each. I had a lot of leftovers! After that we ordered the deep fried tempura ice cream which was De-lish! For the price and food in which I sought out for, this place was pretty awesome! I would def come back soon!
2	This was our place to go for years and we were never disappointed. The owner was always there to make sure everything is good, Then, they changed the owner and it started to go down the hill. We so wish that it could go back to the way it was. If the current owner reads this review, he should really pay attention before he has to close the door one day.
5	Oh Takamatsu of Chandler... I love you so much.  You have what the Takamatsu on Dunlap has + eemyunsoo gui, + awesome lunch bentos, and you're conveniently off the 101 and the 60. You've even surprised me with suejung-gua (that's a legit persimmon and cinnamon drink) once in a while.
2	Personally, I had bad service here every time...I usually don't complain at restaurants because I have been in restaurant business before and I know how hectic it gets.But when a customer states that their food was super bland and it has no seasoning what so ever, you make them a new dish, not reheat the same dish with some salt in it. Make the matter worse, put it in the same plate that it came in and hope the customer doesn't notice.My biggest problem with this place is that it is DIRTY.The table is sticky all the time and the whole restaurant is dusty. You will see the piled up grease and dust on the glass window next to the tables. One particular incident I had was they had not cleaned the grill table in a long time that, I had old black grease drip onto my jeans from under the table! I'm not sure how much has changed since the last time time I had been there, maybe I will try it again one day...
4	My #1 place for table side Korean BBQ!
1	Food: 2.5/5Service: 0/5It was the first time for Korean BBQ for a couple of my friends, and our server at first seemed a little odd. She would only take our drink order even if we already knew what we wanted to eat.Sure, I guess you can't remember or write it down.  -1Received our condiments and little plates, kim-chi was okay, I've had worst.When one of the plates we received at the table had a FEW strands of hair,we immediately told our busser and he replied "Let me see," wanting us to prove it. -2Would you really take the time to stop eating and get a new plate if it really wasn't there?We got that plate to-go, hoping it'll be a new one.We received the bill with that plate still on the order, and they swiped my card.Although, I should've told them to take it off prior, I still took the chance to tell our server, who had not known of the incident (or acted like it), and they took it off.We felt like they were accusing us saying, "None of us have red hair."The cook even came out with actions of pulling and examining her hair. Why aren't you wearing a hairnet? They refunded the original amount back to the card, as they stated "it'll be back within 24 hours" (I highly doubted that) and charged me again for the new amount. So I'm out almost double of what we were supposed to pay.They should have just refunded me back the cost of the plate.I'm really unsatisfied with this restaurant, but I still paid gratuity.EDIT: It's been a few days and I still haven't received my refund.
5	I have been coming here with my family for many years. The food is consistently good ever time.
