5	I've managed to successfully woo my lady on several occasions with the help of Honeysuckle's flowers. Each time the staff have been patient enough to see me through the daunting task of choosing the right combination of flowers whilst simultaneously helping me mask my utter lack of floral knowledge. Typically, blokes and florists don't match too well but the Honeysuckle tries it's hardest to change that perception by offering an informative and pleasant service. The price of this wooing is more than affordable too.
4	A lovely flower shop that has never let me down.  Much like Sam C my boyfriend has used Honeysuckle as well, and it works a treat with me. I came in here shortly after and was pleasantly surprised with the friendly and laid back staff making flower shopping less daunting and more of a pleasure. Add to this the good price and you've got yourself a bloomin' deal!
4	Flowers are always such a tricky subject.  What do you get?  Do you go cheap or expensive?  Honeysuckle Florists will help you find the answers to these and many more questions.With a prominent location in Bruntsfield, it is hard to miss this orange-fronted shop.  Entering the shop feels a bit like entering a sweet-smelling jungle, with flowers surrounding the doorway and lining the walls on the inside.  On my visit, I wanted to design a bouquet for an anniversary.  They advised me on what would work best, and helped me to devise a 6 rose bouquet, with the final result that they put together looking stunning.Prices won't break the bank, and I agree with Sam and Anna that buying from here is definitely a pleasure.  Their website indicates that they do provide their services for weddings, as well as being able to send flowers out for delivery.  All things considered, this is a great florist who I would use again without a moment's hesitation!
4	Not much can ruin a good flower-buyin'-for-your-gal experience except maybe rude staff, and during my odyssean voyage to find the perfect florist in Edinburgh I encountered a little of this, but not at Honeysuckle. The Honeysuckle girls were super. Really super. And the flowers were amazing. As I have absolutely no idea about flowers, I judge their amazingness on two things:My gal's reaction to them (obviously).The walk from the florist to my apartment.If little old ducks give me cheeky wink-n-grins, bus drivers toot their horns at me and forever-alone geeks give me jealous looks of jealousy, I know I'm holding a wee bunch of gettin-lucky-tonights. It was my next-door-neighbor's face that really confirmed it for me though. We share a common bedroom wall and his look of anguish when we passed each other on the stairs was priceless. Possibly imagined, but priceless nonetheless.
1	Please for your own sake, do not use this florist and especially do not use their website.I was initially very pleased to find a florist that both took orders online and delivered. After my first order I couldn't be happier, but after that my credit card was compromised and I don't know if someone on their staff or if it's a hacker or whatever. They assured me it wasn't anyone on their end.. honestly it doesn't matter to me, if I'm credit card theft I'd rather just do business elsewhere.
