3	We drove 1 1/2 hours from Tucson to Florence last night for the annual Country Thunder concert.  Once we got there we were in the middle of no where! There was nothing, but dirt roads around for miles.  It ended up being a pretty fun time. LeAnn Rimes played, as well as other country music stars. Even though it is in the middle of nowhere it is the perfect place for a concert because there is so much room for people to watch!  I'm not sure it was worth spending 3 hours in the car after a long plane ride, but overall an enjoyable experience that I would suggest  others check out this weekend  or next year.
4	If you go.... and fly in for this venue, fly to Phoenix and either go to Holiday Inn Express or rent a camper. It was great, but they need a dance floor for the fans. Its out in the boonies and have VERY Clean johns that FLUSH.They are serviced every day. The food is mostly fair ground type food so enjoy Indian Fry Bread, Gyros, BBQ, fresh ice cream floats  and stuff like that. Mostly carnival type of food. The music makes up for all of the rustic stuff. Great music and sound. The crowd gets pretty rowdy at night, so if you buy seats you may want to spring for VIP seating. They even have VIP that include a wonderful dinner and discounted drink tickets.
3	I'm a huge country music fan, so I've been to several big country festivals including Stagecoach in CA & CMA fan fair in Nashville TN. Country Thunder is cool because they always have a REALLY GOOD lineup & if you buy your tickets early, its a steal for all 3 days.  The event is not as crowded as the other festivals so the environment isn't as fun/crazy/energetic, especially compared to Stagecoach but I would definitely come back any chance I get. I had a good time here- its more about the actual music than the festival so I can appreciate that. My tips- buy your tickets early & don't be alarmed, this place really is out in the middle of NOWHERE. But the positive to that is a beautiful star filed sky at night. :) Keep it country!
4	My second time attending Country Thunder and it was fun like last time. I only went for Saturday evening until Sunday afternoon. I would have rather seen some different bands, but I wasn't really there for the music anyway, if you know what I mean! I was there for the Port O Johns!! Weird huh? It's a fetish. What can I say? J/K Hey, you in the miniskirt, cowgirl boots, cowgirl hat and the zip up hoodie (it was chilly Saturday), let's connect. By the time I got over to you, I lost you in the crowd. :)
5	This was a blast!!! Amazing four days of entertainment, quality starts, great really bad for you food, and lots and lots of fun. We did have reserved seats, which even the cheapest reserved seats I highly recommend. It is a completely different experience with the seats. There is tons of greasy fair style food but it was all really good quality. No disappointments. Get there early enough each day to avoid the crazy traffic.
3	Talk about a Hoedown!  I am not sure I have ever seen so much redneck, hillbilly and whitetrash in the same place.  I think I even saw a few actual cowboys hahah!  Country Thunder definitely has some high quality people watching!  This is some strange cross between Mardi Gras and Spring Break in the middle of nowhere in the desert, the only problem is tents don't leave much to the imagination... It was entertaining for sure!  Our camping neighbors were awesome and it was a very communal atmosphere!  I am not sure what I think about limited shower access around dust, sweat, and tons of people...  Oh and there was some great country music!  I have a whole new respect for Toby Keith; he knows how to have a party.  I would say I broke in my boots dancing and had a blast with my girlfriends!  I am not sure I will be back, but it was definitely a fun time that  I will never forget!
5	Sh*t kickers, wranglers, and some whiskey, you're good to go!
1	Needed first aid badly as I was assaulted and the first 50 employees I spoke with had no idea where it was and no one offered to help me find it until I collapsed in the ground from a severe beating I took. Thanks country thunder and your dumbass employees.
4	This is a must-see on any trip to  Tortilla Flat, AZ , even if you don't care for classical music. Go upstairs to see the architecture alongside amazing, native-style gardens and quite places to sit and absorb the beautify of the building. Great place to let kids let off steam, too!
