5	This location is close to the local University and has sliding glass entrance doors. This is a highly frequented location, but for some reason it doesn't get the location service love.It has WiFi and would be a good spot to get some email finished or to watch a few videos. There isn't a lot of seats but the drink refill station is central.
3	It's a Mc Donalds in a theorhetically good location, but getting into the driveway is awkward. The food isn't exceptional in the realm of MCDs and the two speed mountains when leaving the drive through are minor foibles. But what bums me out is the fries. This location never seems to have (and/or give me) fresh fries. Its amazing how the degredation of a McDonalds french fry goes so quickly from delicious wonder,  to cake candle garbage in minutes. Meh.
3	I get coffee here (sometimes). I haven't died (yet). It's a good start.
1	Ordered at the drive through, heard the lady take my order correctly and even say out loud to the food preparers the order. Got my order and it was incorrect. Went inside and asked for my order to be fixed. As I waited there was a guy standing next to me also waiting for an order to be fixed. He got his and walked away shaking his head. I then heard the cashier tell the manager, "man, customers today..." That's when I then decided to say i just wanted my money back. Very unprofessional. As I walked away from it all I realized he didn't even give me the correct change back. He shorted me $0.65. Never going back and will be calling the higher ups.
1	The manager during the shift this morning seemed rather rude to one of his employees, an older man who looked like he was still learning, and the manager had little to no patience, constantly snapped at him and was also rushing ME to the point where I felt uncomfortable even asking for ketchup. And I was only given ONE napkin inside my utensil packet. Only came here because it's right beside the school, otherwise, I'd have gone elsewhere.
2	It's McDonalds, not a class establishment to begin with. This one was a little dirty and not efficient with it's service. Waited a very long time for food during a not so busy time.
1	So not come to this store to get for example.  Medium meal and ask for large drink they will not do it. Even though all drinks sizes are a dollar they refuse to give u a large drink with a medium meal or vice versa.
2	Came back to check if problem of ordering medium meal and asking for large drink was resolved. To my surprise after complaining 2 times I was still refused the large drink with my medium meal. I had to show the shift manager an email the store owner sent me so I could get my drink large. I also followed up with the store manager by phone to inform him of this problem. Hopefully next time this problem will be resolved. On the plus side the restaurant is cleaner.
1	This place is always busy and only one person working the register, this place Is very dirty and has  a bad layout which causes everyone to crowd each other,  service is very slow.
3	I don't come here for haute cuisine or it's elegant atmosphere that oozes class and refinement.    I came here because my roommate's birds conned me into buying them chicken mcnugget's for their Christmas Eve dinner.   The location is a bit small and could use a facelift, but I have no complaints in regards to cleanliness or service.
