4	The rooms are small & not very pretty, but the beds are extra comfy & the room is very clean. Located just outside the are of Old Montreal & a few blocks from Jazz Fest it is far enough away to be cheap, but very accessible.  The parking lot is only a block away & the complementary breakfast means I will absolutely stay here again.
1	Stay as far away from this hotel as you can!!  This was the worse place we ever stayed in.  The staff were very rude- the room was bare bones. I wish there was a choice on here to give a place no stars.
4	Tiny rooms, but they some how find a way to fit two beds in.  Not the prettiest decor, but really it is just a place to sleep between Jazz Fest concerts and exploring the city. They have a complementary breakfast with coffee and juice and great pastries, which is great for the budget.  The staff are great and speak English.
5	Street parking seems very doable in this neighborhood, but pay close attention to the signs. Lundi is Monday; Mar is Tuesday; Jeudi is Thursday; Vendredi is Friday. Don't get a ticket. There is a parking lot available but we never needed it. The croissants aren't great, but the coffee is nice.Rooms all start with a 1. 13x is the 3rd floor. 11x is the 1st floor. There are no elevators, so try to get a 11x room if you're travelling with heavy or unwieldy luggage. Try to get a 13x room if you want to have less noiseI've stayed in budget hotels in almost every state in the US and this is easily the best hotel I've stayed in at this cost. The hotel is incredibly convenient to Berri-UQAM metro stop and less than 2 miles from most of the tourist attractions I went to. Everyone on staff is friendly and accommodating. There is always someone at the desk, there is a separate key for front door and your bedroom. The toilets work powerfully, even after a diet of poutine and Au Pied de Cochon.My room was spacious, well ventilated and the internet was fast and easy to access. Everything was clean and tidy. There was more than enough storage for a week or two's worth of clothing. We had a minifridge. My mattress was very firm and not the most comfortable, but again, I chose where to spend my money. What else do you want at these prices?
