2	What is there to say about a fast food pizza place? It's fine. Villa Pizza is just like Sbarro, you can get pre-made, crappy slices of pizza. You order, they throw it in the oven and warm it over for you. Nothing great but a decent snack if you happen to be in Green Valley Ranch casino. They have some meal deals on their menu board where you can get pasta and a salad for less than $10.
2	Pretty sad pizza place.  Counter person was so cold he was almost rude, pizza was horrible, Mac and Cheese was sad.  Won't go there again. Only reason it wasn't 1 star, low expectations going in.  And still it was a fail.  Should have gone to Feast buffet
3	Not bad for a quick bite, but the sides are always dry and nasty looking! I've had the Stromboli and the Stuffed pizza. Pretty decent if its semi fresh but this place is King of the Heat Lamps! Need a quick bite of Italian? Don't expect 5 stars, but at least you'll be full right?I'd like to give a 1 star for the Mac & Cheese. Or if there was an option for a -5 stars, that dish would take the cake. But the pepperoni is good, and the marinara sauce isn't terrible. Do I have you convinced yet? Oh good, me either. Decent. Quick, with a few good options.
4	Not sure why all the negativity in the other remarks but I thought their pies were as authentic as I remember from back in the day when pizza was made by 'real Italian chefs' and tasted like New York Pizza! ...as only a pizza should! They advertise the real deal and it came up to my expectations. It was fresh and clearly made from fresh ingredients and not just pre-made, pop-in-to-warm-up types as I have experienced in other pizzerias. The veggie pizza was packed-full of freshly chopped veggies. I was totally impressed.
3	Little confused about the myths and legends concerning Villa Pizza... but I'll try to put my thoughts down... What I hear from long-time locals is that Villa Pizza used to be the shhhheeet back in the days (the good shhheeeet), it was what Papa Johns is today (yea, I don't like PJ's either but from working in the industry, I know that PJ is by far the favorite chain for LV). But somehow truth has turned into myths and I don't know which is which... Anyways, people tell me Villa Pizza used to be THE neighborhood pizzeria to go to, but looking at their website, Villa Pizza is a chain, it has always been a chain. So... what's the dealio? Was there another Villa Pizza? Anyways... onto the review... the pizza. It's good. Pizza cat says it's edible, typical NY style made with cheap ingredients. The crust saves the day, it's a good crust, perfectly browned and foldable. This is about as "authentic" NY style as you can get, down to cheap-grade pepperoni. Pizza Cat says to avoid anything with spinach in it. They use frozen spinach, and poor quality at that; it tastes like the green garbage you'd leave behind in the school cafeteria. Pizza Cat says it's a well-made pizza but the cheap ingredients and average sauce put it on the same level as Sbarro's. It's edible when a pizza craving hits, but nothing worth eating otherwise (really, not even worth Yelping). It's just another chain.
