5	I don't think I will ever go to another bagel shop again.  This place is awesome.  The atmosphere is relaxing.  The staff (which includes the owners) are incredibly friendly and most importantly the bagels are great!  They have a huge menu to choose from for breakfast and lunch and they seem to have sepcials daily for various items.
4	Good food, friendly service.  However the salads are somewhat blah and need to be re-thought.
4	Great service, good bagels... East Coast style and sometimes warm.  Although today for the fist time, I was thoroughly pissed off.  I ordered an egg bagel toasted with lox, tomato and cream cheese.  I got to work, ready to dig in, and found an untoasted bagel, with just lox on it...  no cream cheese, no tomato.  Argh!!!
5	The best bagels in Phoenix!!  They are fresh and the cream cheese is made on site.  The bagel sandwiches are delicious, very fresh ingredients and the service is very down to earth and comfortable.  You get the bagel sandwich and a side (macaroni or potato salad) and a medium sized drink starting at $5.95 or something close to that.  Fantastic deal, especially in north Scottsdale.
5	I love this place! I work at the medical practice across the parking lot from here and I stop by 3-4 times a week for at least coffee.  The food is awesome and the staff is amazing! They are more than willing to accommodate strange requests (I dont like the spine of the romaine lettuce...so they cut it out for me). They're coffee is what keeps me going through the day and the staff has become like a group of friends.  I would recommend this place to anyone as you cant beat the bagels or the atmosphere.
1	The bagels aren't bad, but boy are their salad offerings yucky.  The caesar appears to be that processed chicken w/ its perfect grill marks, spongy look and funny taste, like it has been injected for flavoring.  The club has a sandwich sliced turkey that to me has that I'm-starting-to-turn-bad taste.
5	Never been to a Bagel Nosh but my new office is in the same complex so I thought I would give it a try. The guys in there were wicked friendly, great attitude, (seem to enjoy working there) rarity in its own. They made me a turkey bagel sandwich and my friends and I melted on the couch and relaxed. As I am relaxing and eating my lunch a couple ladies walk in to order their meals. One drops a bottle of pink nail polish (YES YOU READ THAT RIGHT) on their finished concrete floor. You know what happens next...they just stood there, didn't offer to clean it up nor did they attempt to try. "oops sorry" their fat a$$es muttered while the two guys that worked at Bagel Nosh came out to clean up the mesh for them. (on their hands and knees) wiping up the mess as the patrons just stood there. I feel bad the damage was done, you'll see it right in front of the register on the floor, look out for pink stain. Anyhow, the service was stupendous and the food was delish.They were kind to the ladies even when they walked out, that's class.Stay classy Bagel Nosh.
5	Dan...You're the man!!The owner is always so friendly, I work in the same parking lot and I occasionally call in my order when I don't have time to get a full lunch.  Dan ALWAYS has it ready for me, and it's always delish...:)Love the fruit and yogurt parfait....fresh, and lots of fruit!!
5	I eat at "Bagel Nosh" once a week with my friend and I find it to be superior.  You have so many choices as to what you can order and their food is delicious. They not only serve bagels plain or as sandwiches, but also offer many wraps, as-well-as other items.  They have a well rounded menu.  All the people that work there are fabulous and you feel as though they are your best friend.  The restaurant itself is always very clean and makes you feel at home.  I highly suggest you all try this place out.
5	Im there 2 or 3 times a week and my office always picks up bagels from Bagel Nosh for our client meetings. My favorites are the Tomato Basil bagel or the Cinnamon Sugar bagel.
5	I usually get breakfast there every Saturday with my wife and daughter.  The food is great and the service is fantastic.  I either get a chicken salad on Jalepeno bagel or a BLT on sourdough and am never dissapointed.There is even a little toy box with blocks and toys that entertains my daughter for a few minutes after she is done eating.Dan, the owner, makes his bagels every day so i know they will always be fresh.  There is always a selection of at least 20 different bagels unless I get there towards the end of the day.  He even does specialty bagels for the seasons and holidays.  The honey walnut cream cheese is fantastic for the sweet tooth and the veggie cream cheese is some of the best I have ever had.The price is good and the food is great.  Fantastic place for a quich pick up or sit down depending on your mood.
5	I'm very happy (but my love handles aren't) that I live right up the street from Bagel Nosh.I stopped in one hungover morning on my way to work for a breakfast Sammie. The girl working the counter and her dad maning the grill were super friendly! I was deciding between the Jalapeno bagel and the Sour dough. She recommended the sour dough and oh man, it was so good. I had it toasted with egg and sausage. Delicious. Next time I'll ask for the egg a little more runny, it was a bit overdone for my taste but it was still good and hot.  Being from New York, I have a hard time finding a good bagel place, and it looks like I might have found it!
4	As close to a real bagel as you'll get out here, a little better than Chompies in my book.The outside of the bagel is crisp and their selection of bagel types is great.  The side of bacon was two bacon rounds in a bag, delicious but weird.I wish the inside of the bagel was a little lighter and fluffier, that they had the real rocky salt instead of the smaller salt, and that they had the tender brown onions that you get in NY.  That being said, I still enjoyed them.Their menu is on facebook but not the web.  They are closed on Sunday.
5	This place is amazing! The bagels are top notch, made fresh daily in-house, and the service is excellent.The variety of bagels choices, cream cheeses and coffee drinks is great. Get a sandwich, a breakfast option, a wrap, a salad, soup, and a dozen to go.The atmosphere is casual but condusive to having a business meeting.  Have a few minutes and want to relax?  Take a load off on the couch and read the paper while you enjoy your breakfast.
5	I hate eggs, so I'm always looking for something other than a traditional egg and bagel sandwich.  Bagel Nosh offers a Veggie-licious sandwich, for breakfast (and lunch) that I absolutely love.  It's not your typical boring veggie sandwich...they start off with a veggie smear on any bagel you choose (I highly recommend the Everything bagel for this sandwich), then put lettuce, tomato, cucumber, capers and pickled jalapeno slices on the bagel.  It is awesome!  I crave this sandwich all the time...too bad I live so far away.  :(
2	Stopped here today thinking it was more a restaurant than "just another bagel place".Unfortuntately it was "just another bagel place".There was an amazing selection!   If you call 4 different bagels a choice.... of course someone just bought most of the bagels....and I am guessing since the location is somewhat hidden they dont get the type of business in which they need to have plenty of bagels on hand.  And if they do have a big clientele...then shame on you for not having more bagels!I got a lox sandwich..the price was average 6.95 (I believe).  They reccomended the jalapeno bagel however I went with the sourdough which was a good bagel.My friend got jalapeno bagels which you can barely see or taste any jalapeno...little dots of green here and there.My lox sandwich was average....I asked for chive creamcheese...which I did not see any sign of chives...and instead of using rings or slices of onion they use a LITTLE bit of chopped onion...(I guess onion is a matter of preference).I had wanted some juice, but they did not have any selection other than a couple plastic cups of juice with lids...or the ever poplular "can" of apple juice!The employees were very friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant and comfortable.I would say the bagel is a wee bit better than chompies...but that is not saying much!Overall I would say..... if you work close by and want a simple bagel and cream cheese, which I am guessing is most of their clientele since there are office complexes surrounding the place....it is an ok pick....However....I would not go out of my way to stop here when there is a NY Bagel not too far away.Bon Appetite'
5	I picked up bagels for work this morning and the reviews are great!  "The best bagel I have ever had" was one comment.
5	One of my favorite places to stop and get a fresh bagel. My only wish was that they would be closer to my house. I stopped there on my way to the Barrett Jackson car auction at Westworld this morning. The bagels are soft and chewy and downright delicious. The owners are always on the premises and always super friendly.I got my sesame bagel toasted with double the amount sliced smoked salmon (an extra $ 2.75) and it was the perfect way to start the day. Thank you Bagel Nosh! You rock!
4	My rating on Bagel Nosh is really a 3.5 stars but I'm rounding up to 4 stars. The reason this place is not 5 stars is that about half of the time when I'm eating let's say an egg bagel, sometimes there's another flavored bagel taste on my bagel. I don't know if this happens because some of the other flavored bagels get mixed up together or it comes from the knife that they use to butter up all of the bagels. Sort of like mixing tequila with vodka and you don't like vodka.Otherwise, I really enjoy the fair prices, friendly owners and the chill atmosphere with plenty of seating. I only wish this place was open on Sunday.
3	The Bagel Nosh is out of business. I was really looking forward to my Bagel today.
