5	This hotel is one of the best places to stay when your ever visiting the Goodyear, AZ area! It is literally your home away from home. The moment you walk in to the moment you leave you are treated with the utmost politeness. I've never been to a hotel as clean and crisp as this one. Smiles and hello's from all the staff from the front desk to the housekeeping staff. The rooms are spotless and have that laundry fresh clean scent, you know the smell when you are washing clothes all day and the air is filled the detergent you use that makes you feel refreshed. I love that clean smell! It's a smoke free building so none of those smelly smoking rooms are available. Thank God cause that stale smell is disgusting!! They have a computer room with one computer and they offer free wi-fi which I think is awesome! They also have a gym that has an Elliptical machine, cycle machine, treadmill and a lifting machine which I did utilize. They also offer washers and dryers for your personal use at a cost of $1.25 per load. They offer free breakfast from 630am to 930 am which I'm bummed out about because I didn't get the chance to check it out so I can't say what they offer food wise........sorry! I did get to appreciate the pool area which had a spot with plenty of towels for your use and a place to put used towels when you were done with them. It was 106 degrees out there yesterday so that pool came in handy. It was super clean and sparkling. Very refreshing! I also enjoyed the added comfort in the security of the hotel. You couldn't enter the building without having to put your room key into the door unless you were coming in from the front entrance. That made me feel very safe and secure, being that I had my 2yr old with me I needed to feel that sense of security. The location was perfect there were plenty of food places to eat and also a super walmart across the street. The room had a mini refrigerator and microwave so it made eating a bit cheaper on the budget. This hotel was a for sure A+++. I can't wait to stay again!!
5	I booked this hotel a week ago when my husband and I decided to make a trip to Tucson and needed a place to stay the night to rest before we were to meet friends so we decided to stay in Goodyear. Found the price for the Comfort Suites a great deal!The check in was effortless. The entire facility was very clean and new looking. It was classy and quiet. Our room was great. I would definitely say this is a four star hotel. The staff friendly, the breakfast buffet was good and the room had a sofa bed, a king bed, a work desk with a business chair, a larger sized refrigerator, a small microwave, a three drawer dresser, a coffee table, a lounge chair, two end tables, alarmed clock, hair dryer and a real closet with double doors, several lamps and was very roomy. This is one of the better stays we have had in a hotel. :) we would for sure stay here again!
5	Great Hotel for events!We hosted an international dance convention and Annie was wonderful in securing an incredible group rate. They were always friendly and helpful to our out of town participants and the beds were heavenly (or so i was told!) . Breakfast was hot and great selection. I cant think of a better place to stay and we will bring our business back next year.
5	On our way to Sedona, we stopped here to rest. Darian was awesome on the phone and gave us a discount. The room was clean and spacious. We were four adults, and we had plenty of room. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was big, clean and handicapped accessible. Free wifi. Their hot breakfast was really good, lots of choices. Many fast foods restaurants and a wal mart close by. Right next to the I10. Definitely recommend this hotel.
4	Comfortable and good price and value. Friendly staff. Close to all kinds of restaurants and shopping. Nice pool and exercise room, kinda basic yet nice. Nice gathering room where breakfast is served. Plenty of parking, can even put a big rig in here.
5	Excellent value.  My room was clean, comfortable, spacious and lovely to spend my time in.  The complimentary breakfast was very good, the service was friendly.  Should I ever need to stay in this area again I will most certainly stay here.
5	Staying over for one night in Comfort Suites. It was not too far from the airport, leaving the airport at around 4pm and got stuck in traffic on the way to hotel. The staff are really friendly and helpful, love their smile! The room is clean and nice, I believe they have balcony for most of the room. The restaurant on the 17 floor are wonderful! Ordered a blind tasting with wine matching, love their choices and food. It was a wonderful stay in this hotel and would love to come back again if staying in the area.
