5	I've been with most of the big banks and I can't say that I regret leaving them at all.   When Chase wouldn't stop a vendor from auto deducting my checking account after our contract had ended and I had given them cancellation notice, it was Liz at Midfirst who told me how I could have stopped those auto drafts.  It was also Liz, who taught me how to protect myself from things like this in the future...... And I wasn't even banking with them then.Chase's response was that there was nothing they could do to stop it.  They then sent it to the fraud claim department, who called the vendor and once the vendor said they would credit the money bank, Chase closed the claim.  It took 51 days to get my money back, not only that but the company dinged my account for a second month after cancellation during that time.Liz told me Chase could have issued a provisional credit within 10 days of the auto-draft, but instead they opted to close the claim... meanwhile I had to wait another 41 days to get my money released and in the meantime another 450.00 got tied up in financial limbo.I couldn't get the hell out of Dodge quick enough, and transferred my business banking to Midfirst.  Only a few months later, my wife transferred over our family accounts as well.The staff is friendly, it almost feels like my own personal bank the way you get greeted.  I've never enjoyed a bank as much as Midfirst, so much so I don't even use the ATM machine to make deposits or withdrawls, I actually now go into my bank almost everyday.
5	I have been with multiple banks in the past, but nothing that compares with Midfirst!  when I walk Into a Midfirst bank that I have only visited a couple times, they start off by welcoming me by name. Talk about personable! I now have personal checking here for my wife and myself, as well as Business Banking for my company.I would specifically like to mention Cheryl Esparza.  She is able to help me out whenever I have a question about my accounts, she is able to walk me through it. I recently deposited a $1000 check, and the payee called lag and asked us to hold the check, so I called Cheryl up, and she tracked down the check and put a two day hold on it for me. It literally took NO time out of my day, just  a minute and a half on the way to a job . . .try that one at Chase. ;) Good luck.
5	Love this branch, people know me and seem to want to be helpful. My wife and I have our personal accounts here, and I have my business account with Midfirst as well.
