5	We stayed here after a long flight back from Aruba and had wanted a nicer hotel to stay at.We chose the Drury due to the reviews we saw about the 'added' perks. The popcorn/soda and movies they show in the evenings as well as 'happy hour' with free drinks & food. We came too late to enjoy some of those perks but it was a nice stay overall. The rooms were decent with free wifi.The breakfast was above average and was very crowded. There was a huge line (unsure if we had a few groups staying there or what).Would recommend.
4	Stayed here after a KISS concert at the Verizon Ampitheater. Super close to the venue, got a great rate ($75). Great if you are looking for a no frills place that is still comfy, but doesn't look like you landed in Skid Row. We missed the free Happy Hour, but that's a good perk as well. Room was very nice, clean, and the soap, shampoo, and conditioner dispenser in the shower was pretty cool. Would stay again!
5	Friendly staff. New and clean. Comfortable beds. With supper included, it is well worth the cost.
4	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a night when we were in Charlotte for a concert.Located in the University Park area of Charlotte, it is about a 15 minute drive from downtown (uptown), however, it is much more reasonably priced than the hotels in that area which is why we chose to stay here. There are lots of chain restaurants nearby with TGI Friday's sharing the same parking lot.We arrived in time for the (free) happy hour. We were given two drink tickets, good for beer, wine or mixed drinks. My husband and I both went for cocktails, which were good. They also had a lot of food set out, including pasta with meatballs, hot dogs, nachos, veggies and salads. Definitely much more than expected from a free happy hour and enough to make a light dinner if we didn't already have other plans.Our room was a pretty standard hotel room, but it was noticeably clean and clearly well-taken care of. I think they allow dogs at this hotel, but you would never know by how clean the whole place is. Wifi was also free in the hotel rooms.The bed was a little on the harder side from what I'm used to at home, but still pretty comfortable. In the mornings they have a free breakfast buffet with items like biscuits and gravy, waffles, scrambled eggs, etc. Unfortunately, we slept too late after the concert to make it by the cut-off time (9:30 AM).They also offer free soft drinks and popcorn all afternoon until the evening for guests of the hotel.Overall, as mentioned, this is a pretty standard hotel as far as the standard rooms, but the extra free perks, the reasonable price and the cleanliness of the place make this a hotel that I would definitely recommend to others when looking for a place to stay in Charlotte.
4	My mom and I stayed here for two nights over a holiday weekend. The room was very clean, and the staff were the friendliest of any hotel I've ever stayed in. It isn't fancy, but we were very comfortable. The place is going through renovations, so it was quite loud on Saturday afternoon, but it was quiet through the night and all day on Sunday. We came to Charlotte for IKEA, and this place is very close. It was also really easy to get to NoDa and uptown. We enjoyed the free hot breakfast of eggs, biscuits, sausage, and gravy. Each night, we each got two drinks and snacks (could easily serve as dinner). I highly recommend this hotel. Again--nicest staff ever!
4	Nice hotel. They were In the middle of renovations when i went but I had no complaints. Its no Hilton or anything but a lot more reasonably priced and still decent.
4	Excellent  hotel!  My husband and i stayed here for the Coca Cola 600 2014 and it was very nice. Employees are great and very helpful, the guest were great also, very nice people in Charlotte, NC. Would stay again for sure.
5	Very friendly service; freebies galore: Internet, parking, breakfast, dinner, 2 drinks per night. Nice indoor/outdoor pool with swim-under divider and cozy jacuzzi. Easy access in and out. Love it!
4	I have stayed in this location before, a couple of years ago. I remember it being a decent place to stay for the night. We were expecting the same but got MORE! They have renovated the lobby area since the last time I was there. Arrived during a busy check-in time but was helped promptly. The smell of popcorn was amazing. We checked-in and helped ourselves to the popcorn and soda. Sweet! Our room was between the meeting room and gym on the main floor. We expected to hear lots of foot traffic as we were on the main hallway. We were pleasantly surprised that we had no noise issues. The bed was comfy and he room was neat. It was a great evening. The staff was very friendly. Definitely recommend to others.
4	I have mixed views about my stay here although overall it was good !! The hotel is old school , gorgeous and classy in the main areas . Lobby, exterior etc.Our room was clean comfy although the safety if the plug sockets a bit questionable , I'm basing that on the fact they were lose and wobbly!! The bathroom dated but clean. No coffee and tea in room so we had to buy this every morning from downstairs and it was silly expensive ! No free wifi!! I think this should be standard in top hotels especially for travellers!!! Excellent maid service but extremely noisy air con . However location wise spot on !!! For grand central , shopping and broadway !! I would go back.
