3	Service was pretty bad, but $25 for all-you -can-eat sushi is pretty good.  The dishes that we had were tasty and well-prepared and they have many non-sushi and vegertarian items.So, if you don't mind the quizzical looks and lack of attentiveness, you won't feel cheated.
4	Really good and inexpensive. Perfect spot for lunch. I heard they have all you can eat sushi for $15 at lunch and $25 at dinner. Not quite sure if there are stipulations, but it sounds nice.My spicy tuna roll was delicious, as were some of the makis I tried, but I'd avoid some of the other weird tuna and shrimp combos.
4	my review is pretty much inline with everyone else's. felt like montreal could use a review or two.  anyone in montreal have a computer or internet access?  very good price for all you can eat sushi. they have a wide variety of sushi and dishes you can order.  yup, and again there's chinese people working here. where have all the japanese gone to? as people have said, service needs a bit more attention so you have to flag someone down when you need something.
4	Like all all you can eat places, don't expect the best quality food. I mean, you get what you pay for right???I think this place is great - it is opened actually, not sure why it says this place is closed. The restaurant looks trendy inside and its actually kid friendly! The food is decent and the service is good.
3	we came as a large group and were seated upstairs for the all you can eat menu. the price is right and the menu is awesome given that there are so many choices and the appetizers are actually really good. however our orders were constantly being mixed up and we were being served sushi that our table didnt order. it's a shame they closed because i was hoping to come back the next time i am in montreal.
4	I've been to a few all you can eat sushi spots in Montreal, but this one kills it. Even though the price is similar to other plaxes (15$ for lunch and 25$ for dinner), Nagoya differs by its impressing variety of sushis and dishes. As it was said by many fellow reviewers, the service isn't the best.. but the kitchen still manages to be really fast even though you've ordered tons of sushis! Plus, for non-sushi lovers, there  is a vast variety of chicken, meat, and veggie kitchen plates included in the all you can eat menu.
