3	Only one refill is offered and the receipt is needed. Usually, there is a line for ordering but getting the order is somewhat quick. Typically, if it is a busy, the ordering process takes a while. Plenty of seating around inside of the Luxor food court area. No WiFi offered from this location.
3	If I was writing this review a couple of weeks previous, I'd be saying that eating in this Mcdonalds is kind of like eating in a Disneyfied Egypt. In Vegas, things change fast within a couple of weeks. As I write this, the Luxor food court and it's McDonalds are being remodeled. Gone is the Disneyfied Egypt environment, and the unique environment of this Mcdonalds and food court. When I looked at the diagram of the remodel (there is a picture I took of it for the review), it shows a design looks more like the Aria than Egypt. Hopefully this not going to be a further de-theming of the Luxor. It is still a special Mcdonalds, being that it is the one and only McDonalds in a pyramid. As far as seating, the beginning stages of the remodel seem to have added more.   Focusing on the McDonalds, it is usually busy. But the lines move fast. A couple of months previous, I would write that the prices are inflated. Nowadays it seems that the majority of McDonalds have raised their prices. However this location does not offer the $1 deal on all size cold beverages.  An interesting fact is that both this and the Excalibur McDonalds serve Pepsi beverages in lieu of Coke beverages.  There is a high chance of me returning here. It is convenient when I hang out on the South Strip. I am also curious what it will look like after the remodel.
2	dont call my order number if you still haven't bagged my food yet, make eye contact with me, then let me stand there literally for a few minutes while you continue to prep and call out other orders. all i wanted was a 20 pc w/o the 15 minute wait and the attitude after i asked for sauce.
4	I stayed in the Luxor and it was very convenient to stop by this McDonald's and grab something. Sometimes the lines looked long but they went by quickly...I never waited longer than 3 or 4 minutes. They never asked to see my receipt for a refill...so maybe that rule that is mentioned in other reviews has changed. My only quarrel is that there isn't a refill machine as there are in other food courts.
4	Great for a hangover, totally awesome and fresh tasting (I mean for fast food that is!), I just can't in good conscience give a fast food restaurant a 5 star rating haha
1	I don't usually review fast food 'restaurants' but I had to say something about this McDonald's. We came here twice, based upon convenience alone, and it was a train wreck. First of all, what is up with the ordering/pickup organization? When I have to squeeze into the same window as customers ordering, when I'm attempting to pick up a burger, this is a problem. Also, it seemed like the person 'shouting' out order numbers couldn't muster up the enthusiasm to actually call the numbers loud enough for customers to hear, which caused some confusion.And to top things off, I was put down for asking for napkins. Apparently, I was s'posed to know that napkins are in the fartherst corner of the food court. Shame on me for not knowing. I deserved the condescending attitude and to be treated like a moron. Never again.
2	After 2am the wait was horrible! Roughly about 20 minutes waiting to order, then another 10 minutes waiting for food that you would expect to be hot and fresh with the wait...nope! Light heated floppy fries, and almost stale chicken nuggets. Even the McDouble was warm (not fresh and hot).
1	Horrible service- people that work here look like they hate their Job and their customers. Pick-up system is very disorganized. The first time I went they forgot my drink. My boyfriend asked for it and the manager  looked offended and took a while to give us my drink. Didn't even apologize.  The second time they forgot my yogurt parfait. I didn't realize it until we got back to our hotel room. Awful, awful, awful.
1	Wouldn't give me a cup of water with my meal, bad customer service. Not enjoyable experience here at all.
4	This McDonalds was a freaking life saver when my girlfriend and I arrived and checked-in to Luxor at 1 AM!Service at night was suuuper slow... not sure if its all the drunk people ordering that made it slow or they were understaffed, but that 10 minute wait seemed like 30. Came back 8 hours later for breakfast and I swear everything changed and my order was literally done within 20 seconds of me actually placing my order! Un-freaking-believable. Anyway, for the price... you get what you pay for. Inside your Luxor coupon booklet, you will find savings you can use for a few items... so use them wisely.
1	This McDonalds is located inside of the Luxor food court. We visited at around 2:45am after a night on the town. Seemed convenient enough. We were so wrong. It took an hour for us to get our food! We didn't eat until 3:45! The ordering line moves relatively fast. Then you wait for the short handed staff to take their sweet time making your food incorrectly (like my bacon quarter pounder with no freaking bacon!), only to have it ready after the five people behind you already got their food. Then you get to pick it up with the soda that they filled up for you at the time of your order. Warm, flat, iced down soda just goes so well with every meal, doesn't it?Everyone waiting looked super frustrated. They really need to beef up their night team... no joke. I know most of the clientele at that time of night are stumbling drunks, but we are still paying customers and probably the MOST eager to get our food and run back to our hotels. Better service is deserved! Unfortunately the guy who passed out at the table while waiting for his food probably never even got his meal. He will only leave with memories of waking up in a random food court. Tears.Ronald, for real, get it together over here!
2	McDonalds inside the Luxor food court. All the food was over priced vs typical McDonalds. The fries were soggy and limp instead of their usual golden cripsyness.
2	Although I am not a huge fan of chain fast food places, I do have to admit that I am addicted to McDonald's fries.  This place is your typical cheap fast food / food court eatery inside of a casino, so don't expect much.  Actually, it's a little worse than usualFood:  Typical menu for McDonalds with your burger and fries combo meals.  I typically get a #2 (two cheese burgers) with a large order of fries and a Coke.  Burgers were what to be expected; really skinny, sloppily put together, a little bit on the salty side and lukewarm. Fries were about the same, not very fresh and lukewarm in temperature.  The worst part of the meal was the drink.  McDonalds from around the world have always carried Coke products, so I was hugely disappointed when the cashier told me "we don't have Coke, is Pepsi ok?"  I was in shock, and almost offended by this.  I'm not one of those "love Coke, hate Pepsi" crazy type of people.  I actually never drink soda, but when I splurge for fast food and get McDonalds I always get a Coke to drink.  Pepsi just does not taste the same with my fries.  I got a Dr. Pepper instead to drink and it just tasted wrong. Price:  Although the prices are a dollar or 2 higher than non-casino locations, McDonalds is still a cheap option for a quick bite to eat.  Their dollar menu is more like a "$2" menu, and their combo meals are still a good price considering that the food will fill you up.Atmosphere:  This McDonalds is on the second story food court of the Excalibur casino.  There are a lot of other fast food choices there, and a lot of available seating all over the place.  You go up to the order counter, place you order, pay, and wait for your number to be called.  Drinks are self-service.  The seating area within the designated McDonalds area was a bit direct and crowded, but if you don't mind walking your tray around you can find much cleaning seating in the middle of the food court area.Staff / Service:  Typical fast food cashiers.  Not much of a smile from them.  They punch in your order and hand you area receipt.  The food staff were running around and yelling at each other in the back, but again this is typical for McDonalds. Overall, this place isn't really good, but it's not extraordinarily bad either.  Food could be warmer, staff could be friendlier, but it is a fast food chain so you can't expect too much.  They only have Pepsi drinks, so if you go in prepared for that you should be ok.
3	It is what it is.  And it was the busiest food joint at the food court.  Can't really say much here besides it was quick getting the food.  Everything was whatevers.
1	We ordered a Togo food. Ketchup was not given to us. When we asked the cashier woman, she asked us to fill from the pump in the food court. My husband said we want ketchup to go. She said we don't give ketchup packets. We pointed at the ketchup packets on the counter and asked her to give but she said they don't offer. So we left the place with our food.When we unwrapped our food, we saw bacon in it. We ordered no meat food. It is clearly written on the invoice.
