5	I stopped here out of shear hunger and had time to kill. They  just had there grand opening the day before I got there. I walked in and the smell of the fresh breads were mind boggling. This place is very tiny and very cheerfully decorated and clean! The ladies behind the counter were still learning the tricks of the trade. Very sweetly greeted me and asked me what I like to order. They have about 10 different sandwiches posted on a very nice menu board and huge options for coffee and all the breads, cakes, pies, tarts, OMG Drool! They will make you any kind of sandwich and hand you more samples than you can shake a stick at. I order the turkey and had it on a fresh baked croisant. Too yummy to explain. The green tea was fresh brewed and out of this world. If you go remember they are as fast as Subway but they will knock your socks off!
5	I work next door, and watched the progress with eager anticipation.  Once Donna's opened, was I ever happy!  While they are still new, the menu options are well thought out, and the deserts look as amazing as they taste.  The croissants are some of the best I've ever had. I usually get their lunch special, a sandwich, drink and desert for under $10.00. My personal favorite is the walnut chicken salad on a croissant, but the roast beef with wasabi mayo is awesome as well. When they first opened, the staff was slightly disorganized, but that has seemed to fade as everyone is now trained and comfortable.  They are always friendly, and will give you samples of anything in the place.It's my new favorite for a casual, quick lunch meeting.  I'm glad they are closer to my work than my house, or I'd be there right now!
5	We celebrated our dad's birthday this weekend, complete with a cake from Donna's Bakery Cafe (as per mom's suggestion).  Boy, we were not disappointed!  Ordered a few days beforehand... pick-up was as scheduled.  We had an 8" strawberry cheesecake mousse cake... soooo delicious!  The birthday guy was happy.  I was bummed that our weekend stay was over so quickly--I didn't get a chance to go for the leftovers.  Thank you Donna's Bakery Cafe!
5	This is my #1 work lunch destination. Simple sandwiches on delicious bread... Every day there is a lunch special - so sandwich plus a bag of chips and a drink for ((((drum roll)))) 3.99$. Yeah, you heard me right. With tax, the total is 4.31$ but that's still REALLY good, pretty unheard of.In addition to the awesome sandwiches there are GREAT pastries and desserts. Honestly, they remind me of home (Seattle) - that had a great International District.Five stars, Donna's Bakery, keep on being awesome!
5	I heard about Donna's through New Times and Yelp. It's not common to have an Asian bakery open up  here in Phoenix but after hearing of the many delights they offer at low prices, I knew I had to check this place out!My first visit I tried the bbq pork bun, the pork sung bun, the curry beef pastry, the bbq pork pastry and a slice of the jasmine green tea. The bbq pork bun, the curry beef and the bbq pastry reminded me of the pastries i would eat in Singapore, and in LA at a bakeshop i go to in Rosemead. It wasn't dry, and it was very good. The Pork Sung is pretty much dried pork pieces on a bun so it's an acquired taste something I'm not a fan of, so, I can really comment on that and to be fair I'm not sure if it's really that good. As for the Jasmine Green Tea cake, I think that's what they're good at, cakes. It was delicious, not sweet, and not bland but just right, hence I made the decision that I had to buy my brother's bday cake from their bakery. We made a last minute to order his bday cake the day of and I pleaded my case with them if they could make an exception for the black forest cake but they said they were unable to make his cake within a day at such short notice but mentioned that they had 5 types of mousse cakes that they could whip up in a few hours. So we chose a 10 inch Passion fruit mousse cake, it was like $30. Thought it was a tad pricey but when we all had a slice, and when we saw it, it was WORTH it. Simply delicious, simply yummy. Loved the fruit and presentation, and again not overly sweet, just right. I like that the prices are low, and they're not overcharging for their snack items and sandwiches. The cakes are worth it and I'm looking forward to the day when I'll order my birthday cake, and this time I'm ordering the black forest, a week before just to be sure!
5	We found Donna's by chance one day. I love Asian bakeries, so I was very excited. Since then, I've liked everything that I've tried. The prices are reasonable and the people very helpful. Their Hawaiian sandwich is amazing.
3	You know...after reading all the rave reviews I was so excited in getting some Asian baked goods from Donna's. It has been SO long! Girlfriend was in the area so I gave her a list of things to pick up. She gets there and told me they don't have anything! What happened?!?? Well apparently there was a change about 2 weeks ago. They no longer have them ready to go. Everything must be ordered a day ahead of time. I am so bummed! No bbq pastries, no curry beef pastries, not even jasmine green tea cake. I was all ready to give Donna's a 5 star after sampling their goods. She was able to procure some BBQ pork buns. They were ok. Too much bread. I've had better at Dim Sum places. The coconut buns were pretty good though. I guess I really need to look around for a Vietnamese bakery. Your typical American bakery goods just doesn't excite me.... Meh..... I sure hope they would reverse their policy....
3	Extra star for trying to run a Chinese bakery in the valley...Milk Tea:  not too shabby.  Got it cold, wasn't too sweet.Pandan cake:  I search high and low for pandan in the US, since trying pandan egg custard tarts (I know, who has heard such a thing?) in Singapore and ice cream in Amsterdam...  This chiffon cake was bland, couldn't get the distinctive taste I was looking for.Durian cake roll slice:  Winner, never seen this before.  You'd figure this would break their business model if people started boycotting durian.  I have plenty of co-workers who travel to Malaysia and always tell me how much they hate durian afterwards (I think it's a funny test they put to visiting Americans).  Just like strawberries, real fruit doesn't taste like the flavoring.Red bean bun:  nothing special.Melon and pineapple pastry:  winter melon was eh, but the pineapple pastry reminded me of the tasty retangular cookie versions you get in the Chinese grocery store Pineapple bun, mango bun:  stay away, not a great bread and the filling some artificial taste mess.  Better to go to the dim sum houses and order freshly baked pineapple buns.Their offerings seem to vary (or it means the durian cake has been discontinued)... and you can find some of their baked goods in LeeLee's.
5	Their food is fantastic and their prices are low. It's a tiny place and the owners/staff are great. I work nearby and haven't taken full advantage - I just discovered it shortly after deciding to diet. Their breakfast burritos are amazing and cheap. Their delicious pastries make the place smell like a real bakery. It's been a really long time since I've been to a decent bakery in Phoenix. I may write more later, but that's all I've got right now... so tough beans. Go eat there.
5	I work right next to Donna's... and I just think these guys are the bees knees. Great breakfast... totally reasonable prices... incredibly nice staff people. I am addicted to their breakfast burritos.For what it's worth, Donna's is actually the bakery that supplies a lot of the Asian Markets around town.
4	I work near by and have had stopped in here for lunch several times. Always delicious and always a great experience. This is a small store front with an extremely courteous staff and just plain great food! Sandwiches made to order... bread (especially the croissants) with so much flavor and baked just right! And price wise... a much better deal or at least comparable to the famous chain sandwich shops (Subway... bleh!). A few weeks ago a coworker mentioned that they also have breakfast so being that I had my staff working on a Saturday I agreed to buy breakfast... HUGE sandwiches with eggs, cheese and a meat (bacon, pork sausage or turkey sausage.) all on your choice of bread... All for as little as $1.99 (50 cents extra for a croissant.) So yummy and so filling! This was a big hit with the staff for sure and really... I got off pretty cheap considering that we fed a total 8 people for right around $20. Much cheaper than the local burrito place and better food then hitting the local drive thru! Now on to the desserts... WOW! Passion Fruit mousse cake!!! My personal favorite...Awesome! Not to sweet but definitely worth splurging those extra calories. Tony (the manager) and his staff are always extremely friendly, courteous and willing to help questions and suggestions. Definitely recommend this place...
4	The breakfast burrito was pretty good. The Danish was very very good.  Very flaky and the cream cheese center was delicious!  The pineapple bun was not to my liking.  I will have to stick with BBQ buns and such from here when I want Asian buns... To that ends, I can say Donna's Asian buns are downright divine and the price is right for sampling... Get your hands on her buns as soon as you can...
5	The first thing you have to ask yourself is ... why would I review a place I didn't even patron!!!  Because just walking in blew my mind!  I walked in and I literally felt like I was visiting a bakery in Singapore again.  The pastries and cakes ... I drool.  I did get to taste the green bean (no, not green beans - green mung beans) pastry and that wasn't bad at all.  Flakey, light, and traditional mung bean.  Can I have a cake from here for my next birthday?
5	Delicious and beautiful Asian-style cakes.  The cake is fresh, soft, and spongy, and the toppings of fresh fruit really liven up the design of the cakes.  I have had slices and a special made to order cake, and everything I have ordered has been superb.
3	11/03/10A close coworker and good friend recommended I try Donna's Bakery many, many months ago (maybe even a year ago, whenever it was that it first opened-- the owners are close family friends of hers).  This visit was a spur-of-the-moment decision-- a rare thing for me as I like to do some legwork first before I try a new place.  I even texted my friend for directions and DB's phone number so I could inquire if they were still even open for business that evening!The young clerk I met there was very friendly and accomodating-- answering most of my questions w/ firm authority, and when he didn't know the answer, especially that concerning of the large fruit-topped birthday cake in the display case, he'd pop into the kitchen and ask someone for the answer.  I soon met the affable Mr. of Donna's Bakery, who informed me that the Mrs.- Donna- had to leave town that evening, but not before making the very cake I had a fixation on that very morning!  I hadn't planned on making such a purchase, esp. since Mom already had a birthday pass, but he made the cake sound so healthy (made w/ all-natural ingredients-- no powdered sugar, cornstarch, or corn syrup!  The fruits were brushed w/ a tapioca-fruit juiced glaze.  I don't think it even had eggs in the batter!), and topped with fresh, sliced fruits (w/ the exception of the maraschino cherries) AND filled w/ more fruit inside!  After selecting a few pastries to take home: a slice of German chocolate-mousse cake; a couple of red-velvet cupcakes w/ icing topped w/ red velvet cake crumbles (!); and something akin to an almond slivered-topped and flattened mocha cream puff (not pictured), Mr. Donna kindly offered a 10% discount on the cake.  Still hesitant in purchasing such a big item I hadn't had a chance to sample, I splurged and brought the cake home.  None of the smaller items wowed me (I found the cakes' texture to be very tender, yet lacking in moisture- strange), but that birthday cake was very, very good!  The layers were made of angel cake, and I LOVED the fruit-and-cream filling the most!  Mom didn't think much of the slice she had, but she was going through a period of a few months when she wasn't craving anything sweet, which was a good thing!  So, I sliced the rest of the cake and brought it to work-- everyone who had caved in to the temptation loved it.  Some even had seconds and thirds!!I plan on going back to try a few savory items that sounded good on the menu!
1	Slow service and bad food! When I heard about this place I was so excited to try it cuz I totally missed good Asian bakery. I was there yesterday and ordered black pepper beef sandwich and they told me they were out of beef. Then I asked if they had curry buns they told they didn't make them anymore. Then I decided to order teriyaki chicken sandwich and it was too salty. I also bought coconut buns and it tasted old and stale. Their milk tea was so chalky and nasty. It kinda made me sick & nauseous after taking few sips I tossed it out. Every freaking thing I ordered was pretty bad and gross. Never going back to that place again.
3	Fresh baked goods. Coffee was ok...
4	this is a very very very nice place.Go there quite often as I work close. They have some stuff here I havent found elsehwere..Bubble Tea and Hong Kong Milk Tea.  Very Nice and unusual.  House made pastries.   yummyKiller Breakfast Burritos.  Pricing is really good at this place too.The people I know who go there keep going because it just a great place to have close by.Probably go get a turkey sausage or chorizo burrito tomorrow...
4	Another unique gem in the east valley. I stopped in here one day for lunch on a recommendation. The special of the day was chicken salad, chips and drink for $4.99. Good deal. Bread is homemade and was delicious and fresh, only suggestion would be, add more filling, I would not even have minded to have paid and extra buck for another spoon ful of chicken salad. Got a red velvet cupcake for dessert to take back to the office. Nice and moist with buttercream frosting. I have been looking forward to going back again.
4	LOVE the fruit topping style cakes, great for special occasions and (non Asian) people find it especially unique.Not in love w/ their single cake slices w/ the mousse pudding, cake is dry.  GO FRUIT CAKE ALL THE WAY!
3	Having recently moved to Arizona from the Bay Area, I was desperate to find an Asian bakery where I could get my weekly serving of bbq pork buns, red bean buns, and egg tarts!   My waiter at C-Fu directed me here, so I gave it a try with high hopes.  Unfortunately, Donna's Bakery Cafe cannot even compare to the places my family used to frequent in San Francisco Chinatown, or even the chain bakeries in California.  Even though Asian pastries are known for being satisfying without being too sweet, these pastries were not sweet enough.  Donna's supplies pastries to many of the Asian markets in the area, which probably reflects the fact that standards are low here.I would say that Donna's does a much better job of being a "cafe" than a "bakery" because their sandwiches are very good.  The ingredients in the turkey avocado sandwich were fresh and tasty.  And I loved how she neatly assembled the sandwich so that it wasn't messy to eat!
3	One should never complain about a $2 breakfast burrito!  I popped into Donna's bakery for the first time on my way into work last week.  The place is full of artistic pastries that look fantastic.   I ordered a breakfast burrito with eggs cheese and potatoes.  They had a bunch already prepared, but they had meat in them, so he had to make mine up.  It was pretty tasty, but when I got to the middle it was cold, so I guess the potatoes came from the fridge and didn't get heated all the way through in the microwave (Yes that's how he heated it up).  As I waited for my burro, I started window shopping the pastries, they were decently priced and already packaged up for quick carry out.  I decide to get a bean pastry with walnuts for an afternoon snack.   Unfortunately, when I took my first bite I could tell it was stale.   Have you ever had stale nuts? Well, they have a very distinct flavor and it definitely came through in the pastry.  I looked at the package and realized there was no date stamped, so who knows how long it had been sitting on the shelf.   Despite the less the ideal first visit, I'll give Donna's another try... the bean pastry might have just been a fluke.
4	Donna's to me is a friendly neighborhood  sandwich shop.  Yes, it is an Asian bakery, but I only tried a couple of things there and don't really know Asian bakery items.  They were pretty.I can speak to Donna's famous breakfast burro, it's better than the pricey one from AJ's by far.  Bonus, they also offer espresso drinks.The lunch salads and sandwiches are all good.  I love the chicken salad sandwich with nuts, and the Asian Sesame Chicken Salad.  The specials are all tasty and SO inexpensive, it is hard to stay away.  Typically the lunch specials consist of a fresh american sandwich, made fresh and to your liking, a pack of chips and a fountain drink.  Occasionally, they will offer an Asian meal, as you would expect to get at Chinese Take out, and to everyone's surprise, you still get the bag of chips and drink with it.  The service is fast and friendly, especially Paul, (who looks Asian but is actually native) who is also bright and funny which helps pass the dull lunch hour.
5	I've been eating lunch at Donna's for about ten months now - since I started working around the corner. Paul, who is generally manning the front counter knows me by name, makes great, honest suggestions and notices when I've had a hair cut - what a guy! I frequently find I don't really have time to actually take a lunch, but with Donna's a mere two minutes from my office, and free wi-fi in the dining area, I often pack up my laptop for an hour or so midday, enjoy a sandwich and keep up with the ever present flow of emails - or ignore work entirely and write reviews on Yelp - which is what I am doing now. On site review! This little bakery is a fantastic place to get a sandwich. On my way in to the shop each visit I check out the blackboard at the door, which shows you the daily $3.99 special. For that super low price you get the sandwich of the day (today it was a roast beef with pickles - my favorite is the chicken walnut salad), a bag of chips and a small (refillable) drink. If whatever is on the blackboard doesn't quite spark your interest, the shop has a decent sized list of other cold sandwiches for purchase. The sandwiches are made on fresh bread made by the bakery - which you can purchase and take home for around $2.50 for a (rather large) half loaf. Beyond making some of the best red velvet cupcakes in town - they are a STEAL at $1.29 (I just paid $4 for one somewhere else), the shop also offers lots of traditional pastries including cinnamon and Danish rolls and a variety of cakes for purchase by the slice or in whole for a party. I love that in addition to these more familiar items Donna's also offers unique items like green tea pastries and bean tarts. With the service, pricing and great food and pastry selection I plan to keep up my current 3-day-a-week custard bun habit as long as my waistline will allow.
4	Love it here!  Great friendly customer service, yummy lunch specials and the orange pound cake and honeydew smoothie among other things will satisfy your sweet tooth:)
3	How many times can someone drive by a place, yet no stop in? Too many, it seems! Donna's Bakery Cafe is a cute little neighborhood bakery nestled in an unassuming Tempe strip mall. When I entered I was surprised to find it's actually an Asian bakery; rather uncommon for Tempe! Had I first read the Yelp reviews and visited their website, I might have been better prepared to expand my Asian baked goods horizons. Needing to make a quick breakfast decision, I opted for the Bacon, Egg and Cheese sandwich on toasted white bread. The thick-cut bacon really made the sammy and it wasn't at all greasy like the mouthful of liquid cholesterol I recently had at a nationally known coffee chain. Of course, my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered a slice of the Chocolate Mousse cake (pictured) to go. How I was able to let it go untouched for hours is beyond my scope of understanding. It, too, was yummy, though the "cake" layers were a little on the dry side. I'm happy to see another small-business-done-well. The service is fast and friendly and the prices are very reasonable ($1.99 for a breakfast sandwich or burrito!!!)  Without a doubt, I'll be visiting Donna's Bakery Cafe again, this time prepping my taste buds for something with a bit of Asian flair.
5	My boyfriend and I have been eating at Donna's for over a year now. He works right by it, so here comes here several times a week. They have the best, freshest veggies, they make their own bread, and they have fantastic desserts. They also have a punch card to earn free sandwiches. This is by far the best sandwich/bakery in this area, and it's nice to support local businesses. Definitely give Donna's a try! (Their veggie sandwich and pork sandwich is killer!)
4	So to my delight a Chinese bakery in a non-Asian area of AZ!  I just happened to stop in Tempe for lunch and checked out Yelp for some place to eat.  Read some of the reviews of this place and thought I'd give it a try.... lo and behold, Chinese Bakery!  I was happy :)Sandwich was good (Chicken Salad with Walnuts) but the Pork Bun was quite tasty!  A bit too much bread but BBQ Pork was good.They also prolly could be a much better place if they cleaned up a bit more but....For anyone in Tempe area looking for a place to get some great bakery, come to Donna's!
5	Love the breakfast burritos! And they're so cheap too. Get a couple and thank me later :). The mousse cakes taste amazing as well
5	I love Donna's!  I drove past one early morning and saw the open sign and thought "what the heck, I should check it out."  Donna's has the most delicious looking pastries.  I recently had a party and I ordered my cake here.  It pleased the masses and everyone wanted to know where I got my cake from.  They also serve up some quick breakfast sandwiches and an assortment of readymade breakfast burritos - the potatoes are always cooked to perfection, something that must be hard for other places to grasp because I've had plenty of half cooked potatoes in my breakfast burritos.  Donna's knows what's up.
5	This is actually a review of their Phoenix location which recently opened in COFCO plaza.  I've never been to any other location. Their food/cakes/breads are simply amazing. I honestly consider this new location a slice of baked heaven. They are open until 7:30, the food is always fresh, everything tastes wonderful and the recipes are always consistent. I tried a sandwich, a chicken wrap and a strawberry smoothie today. All of them were beyond delicious!  I'm a huge fan of their Hong Kong Milk Tea as well.Their customer service is phenomenal. The girl who is always working there is very sweet and remembers her customers. I hope that it brings more business to the slowly dying COFCO plaza. I'm sure the bakery inside Super L is pissed - and they should be. They have some heavy competition. ;)
5	The best thing for a good pick up and go are the BBQ pork and cream cheese buns.
3	Tasty sandwiches and breakfast burritos. Cheap and tasty. I got the wasabi streak sandwich with chips and a drink for $5 on special.
3	This is a bakery that also serves sandwiches and soups.Seating inside is very limited - only a few tables.   This is more of a grab and go place.The sandwich creation I had was EXCELLENT - turkey w/cranberry.  Much better than the cafe down the street.Check it out for lunch.
4	Good stuff.  Unusual, for me anyway, but always enjoy trying something different.I've never ordered anything from here but what they have on the shelves has been tasty and fresh.We've had breakfast or lunch her on a few occasions and that's good.  Nothing fancy though.One thing about this place is it's very small.  Like maybe two tables that seat four and maybe a two top too.
3	I've been working nearby for almost 3 years, and for months would see a steady stream of coworkers heading over to grab a breakfast burrito. After a while I decided to give it a try myself. Honestly I never saw what all of the hype was about, but for $2 it was a nice routine in the morning. Now that they've doubled the price, I doubt I'll be returning.
5	I cannot recommend an Arizona bakery more highly than Donna's Bakery & Cafe. Not only do they prepare beautifully executed and meticulously designed cakes, but they do so with an unparalleled love and generosity, which is so often absent in businesses. Donna's went out of their way to make my Christmas cake everything that I had wanted it to be and more. Their patience and talent are evident in their beautiful cakes, and I would never buy a cake anywhere else in the Phoenix area. What a gem!
5	Great Asian-style cakes with fruit topping -- not too sweet.  Awesome pastries, e.g. BBQ pork bun, coffee bun.  It is probably the best Asian bakery in Chandler, AZ.
5	I love coming to Donna's to get all my Asian and western style baked goods.  While the cupcakes and cakes are delicious, the Asian pastries like the BBQ pork bun are even yummier!  As someone who enjoys whipped cream versus the sugary buttercream frosting, I love how everything isn't too sweet.  A slice of cake is just the perfect ending to a day filled with packing up Christmas decorations!  I adore the mango mousse cake and the tiramisu is quite delicious as well.  Yummy!When I got married, I had Donna do my three-tiered cake and everybody complimented on how moist and flavorful it was.  We did the bottom and top tier as tiramisu and the middle as mango mousse.  We did the tradition of keeping the top tier to eat a year later and I had thought the mango mousse would grow moldy since fruit has more water content so when we sliced into our tiramisu cake, it was actually still fresh and delicious.  Wow!  It could've been the millions of layering we did with saran wrap and foil but I was super surprised.  And no tummyache afterward!  We even brought some of the cake to both our parents so they can celebrate with us.  I love Donna's Bakery!
4	Great little local cafe with awesome breakfast and lunches. they also have great pastries, cookies and cakes.
5	We passed up nearby chain sandwich shops to grab a sandwich at Donna's and are so glad that we did!  Everything was incredibly fresh; we watched the employee put our orders together right in front of us.  The food was delicious and very reasonably priced.  I look forward to going back and trying other items on the menu.
4	I really enjoy this little bakery! The ladies at the front are always so cheerful and helpful!  They really do care about their customers and I appreciate that. Support the local business!
5	Donna's cakes are amazing and beautiful as well as delicious. I've ordered 3 so far. She makes a gorgeous Yule Log cake at Christmas with a mocha flavor and delightful decorations. I showed her a picture of a cake online I wanted her to make for my son's birthday that looks like a real train. She went above and beyond.  I can't wait to drop by here for breakfast or lunch sometime.
3	I thought the ladies at the front were super sweet and very helpful...The food my daughter and I did get was very good and great prices!! However, I give 3 stars because we arrived at 8:45 am and they were out of almost everything in their front case. I was a little disappointed in that and though I knew from other reviews, that the Asian pastries were available and good - I didn't realize that it's all they make...so if you like Asian flavors, coconut, mango, banana and vanilla, this is a great place! My daughters egg sausage sand which was made with "white wonder bread" - not probably our first choice
3	An ideal place for an unmemorable meal. Friendly, quick, clean, inexpensive and uninspired.
5	One of the workers was super friendly and helpful! We were there for a whole hour trying to decide what design for the cake we should have. The worker was not frustrated and annoyed by us at all. The cake came out beautifully as well. They were also able to make the cake with only 24hrs notice.
4	After a lunch in Chinatown and after tasting a small cannoli (I want to clarify) in Little Italy, we wanted a coffee. It was recommended this famous and crowded local two nice gentlemen Americans and then we tried coffee and cappuccino. Of course, very good, but was to be expected. The windows of the sweets were bright and well assorted, with many Italian products, but we have depth. Definitely worth trying if only for a coffee.
