5	Another day, another Patty's Closet opens up in the Vegas Valley.Today was the Grand Opening of the Yellow Store, otherwise known as Patty's Closet in Mall Ring Circle in Henderson.   I was there for the festivities and prayed that I could find some awesome new dresses to rock this spring.If you've been to Patty's Closet you know how the story goes.  For those not in the know, lemme tell you how it works: There are several stores around town, all of which carry different tops and dresses.  In every store there are only 2 of each size (small, medium, large) for each particular item.    This is so you won't have to worry about making the fashion faux pas of showing up at the same place in the same thing as another girl.  There is also only one of each item of jewelry so that you can proudly proclaim: this hootie owl ring is mine, and mine alone!Set up like a boutique, but without the boutique prices.  Items typically run around $25.  There are also shoes and bags to complete your look, as well as jewelry from local designers which I love and appreciate.Unfortunately this particular day I walked away with nothing.  My wallet breathed a sigh of relief but I was sad because I thought I missed out on the grand opening special - 20% off your purchase.  Don't fret, said the girls working at the store, here is a coupon for 20% next time you visit Patty's.  Hooray!The store was bright and cheery (I love the color yellow) and the girls were really friendly and helpful without being pushy or annoying.  A definite stop if you are in the area.  In fact, before you go into the mall head here first.
5	Patty's Closet Friggin' rocks, never have I entered any of their locations without being IMMEDIATELY greeted warmly. The stores are clean and FUN and ADORABLE. The staff is always knowledgeable, and helpful in every way. They remember me from past shopping experiences, and are willing to go the extra mile when I am on a mission to find something specific.
5	Patty's Closet has a good eye for style and the passion for fashion. That's why I love her stores. They have hip and trendy fashionable boutiques.  Her stores have a nice selection of casual, dressy or party wear, with each store being unique, carrying 2 sizes in each style.   So if you really like what you see, you better buy it because won't stay in the store for long!The store here at the Galleria has bright sunny yellow deco with teal accents, it seems alot more spacious than the purple store off St. Rose. Clothes are nicely organized by color so it's easy to navigate your way through the store and get an idea of how to put your outfit together.  I think there's more selection here as far as jewelry and accessories, I didn't know where to start to look, everything was just so super cute! Oh and the changing rooms are just as fab!  Spacious and have fun themes.  Patty herself designs and DIYizes each these rooms too. They even have nicknamed one "the Penthouse" Service has never been short of phenomenal. Always friendly and helpful. They're pretty attentive and take your outfits that you want to try on and have your changing room reserved for you when you are ready.  I had a hard time deciding on what to buy, so much cute dresses, shirts, purses...oh gosh! Lucky everything is quite affordable and they always have some kind of promotional discounts going on. On this visit my excuse for shopping was for the Yelp Shop Local Pledge.(good excuse right??)  Also you can get a discount when you sign up for their text messages. And there's  the 20% off your next purchase postcards you receive when you buy something.  On this visit I did not bring in my card, but the sales lady said no problem, they will still honor the discount if don't have it.  I had the other options anyways to use, so either way, I made out like a bandit! Walked in feeling frumpy and walked out a total fashionista!
2	A joke of a store. They only buy 2 sizes per item which means their selection is VERY limited.  Whoever does their buying needs to change jobs. Their jean sizes are awful.  Picked up a pair of jeans that were size "15".... more like size "9". Measurements are royally off.
4	This store is in desperate need of some RECENT feedback :)Visited here over the weekend... I've been a frequent shopper to their other locations (Sahara, Town Square) but 1st visit to Henderson. I have to say I am a *fan*!I noticed one of the reviews below is angered by the limited quantities of styles. I feel that's part of appeal of shopping here. Something new every time, every visit. Complete looks are available including a large selection of dresses, formal tops, shorts, pants, SHOES, handbags, and jewelry. How can you go wrong? Not to mention one of my favorites is that they have all of the designs organized by color so I can find just the right piece to add to my personal collection via color. At this particular location the fitting room was huge and made me feel amazing to try on, play dress up, and even twirl in a dress if I deemed it necessary ;-)I left with a cute tank top style with "Love" imprinted in Pink over a grey background. Super cute and versatile. This is a cute boutique style store with unique items and as another yelper already mentioned.... most pieces don't extend past $25-30.
