2	This is in the space that used to be Makino Sushi Buffet.  Came here with a group of 12 Tuesday night - they have a pasta factory that makes fresh pasta so we were expecting decent food.  The menu had some good choices.  Our waitress struggled with English but she was nice.  I had a bellini and penne with anchovies, capers, and olives.  Pasta was kind of hard and it just wasn't a memorable meal.What is memorable is that I paid my 1/12th on my debit and the rest paid in cash (my tragic flaw has been discovered!)...so the restaurant charged me for the ENTIRE bill then just my portion, didn't tell me, and I signed off on my part.  On Wednesday I check my Bank Account and see that it was drained!  I called the restaurant to find out what happened - had to wait for a business manager to call me back...she said they voided it but never showed me proof of the charge or the void, and my bank (BoA) told me I can't do anything until it clears...and 3 days later it is still pending...Moral of story: Don't go to Roma.  If you go to Roma, don't use a debit card.  Note to self: start carrying cash when dining in large groups.  Thank goodness my bank account didn't go under for a bowl of bad pasta!
4	We came to this place when they still offered the Lunch Buffet. It was a bit pricey but the food was truly good and we thought was worth the extra penny. All the dishes were fresh and the quality was outstanding and it was very tasty. Unfortunately they had stopped the Buffet shortly after as they did not have enough customers. I think they need to advertise this place maybe with a coupon to attract visitors back. It's too bad. I don't see this place surviving if he does not advertise it. The owner seems to be a real Italian.
5	My friend and I were looking for something new and we stumbled upon Roma Grill and I have to say it was the best stumbling I've ever done.  We got a bottle of wine that was only $18 and was actually really good.  We also got the artichoke appetizer which was also really good.  Then came the best part.  I got the Gnocchi Marcelo and added chicken.  I can honestly say that it may be one of the best things I have ever tasted.  The gnocchi melted in your mouth and the mascarpone cheese sauce was so delicious.  My friend got some sort of ravioli that had mushrooms and brown butter sauce that was just as amazing as mine.  Both of us were very pleased with our meal and the total wasn't all that much. It was $54 after tax and if you enjoy good food its completely worth it. Not only was the food great the service was great, the environment was great.  There was a man playing the piano and singing Italian songs so it almost made you feel like you were in Italy.  I would recommend this place to any and everyone!
5	Way better than I expected. I'm so glad we tried this place instead of going to BJ's again. I had an excellent meal here. The food tasted VERY good. The marinara, ribs, filet mignon, clams and mussels were all very flavorful.The server was a little overwhelmed  but he had plenty of help from the support team: managers and bussers,  who pulled together well to pleasantly serve us a very tasty meal. Had we not been food people (worked in restaurants our whole lives) I don't think we would have noticed how slammed the server was.Plus they play groovy jazz music. I like it.
4	When I walked in and saw that the owners were the same owners as the Roma Cafe that was in Green Valley I knew the food was going to be good!! The Roasted Potatoes and Bruschetta are sooo yummy...My daughter likes to order an appetizer as her meal which is like a grilled cheese but covered in batter and deep fried, it is sitting on a bed of creamy pesto sauce. Different and yummy!! They used to make a pasta dish with marinara sauce, bacon and peas...I loved it and I hope they bring it back...There are a few things that they need to improve on like the service.It's a big place that is not very full (at least when I'm there) So to me the staff should'nt seem overwhelmed but they do!! I don't like going to a place that with some staff they bring  bread automatically and with other servers you have to ask them or you don't get any....My father also did not like the spahghetti with meatballs and I tried it and I did not like it either so I let the waitress know and she did not offer to take it off our bill even though the dish was clearly not eaten.        Other than those few things I completely hope you go and try this place because other than that dish everything we tried was very good!!
5	My five stars pretty much says it all here. Beautiful interior, fantastic service, food is unbelievable, and live music!!!! Maybe I just ordered the right thing, which was the Eggplant Parmesiana. I love eggplant and they did it so right, and they didn't give you an enormous portion. It was perfect. I almost cried!!!I came in with family on a tuesday late afternoon and there were virtually no customers. I highly recommend!!! Save up your money if you're pinching pennies during the week, don't eat at fast food places, just eat small stuff at home, then on the weekend come here and indulge. This place is worth it.
5	My boyfriend and I went here on a whim looking for a decent italian meal and we were not disappointed.  Home made pasta and sauce and probably some of the best chicken parm I have had in my life.  The servers are nice, the food is excellent, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the prices are fair...add into that live music and what more can you ask for?  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good italian meal.
4	My food was good, but others in my party didn't like their pasta.  They said it tasted like the wrong type of flour was used.I had Veal Saltimbocca, which was outstanding.  Also had Spaghetti Carbonara, which tasted pretty good to me.The decor is interesting, with a huge "filmstrip" running along one side showing movie scenes where someone is eating pasta.  The night I went, the owner was singing at a piano, and the crowd seemed to like it.
3	This is a large restaurant.  I was there for lunch and the place was almost empty.  There were never more than 3 tables during the time I was there.  The food is expensive for lunch.  $14.95 for a combo where you could choose your type of salad, type of main course and included tira  misu for dessert.  Main course selections included fettucini Alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs and several chicken dishes.  They also have al a carte pastas for about $8.95, as well as the option to match your favorite type of sauce with your favorite type of pasta.  I wish I had taken the mix and match pasta, but instead I went with the 3-course special.  The Caesar Salad was almost all end leaves, with very few of the crunchy inner parts.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs.  The pasta and sauce were good.  The meatballs were spongy, with no meat texture.  The bread was AWFUL.  How can an Italian restaurant serve terrible bread? The tira misu was excellent.  The portions are enormous.
4	This is the best pasta I've ever had at a restaurant! My girlfriends agreed; they thought it was delicious too. They said it was fresh, and I wasn't disappointed. I had the penne past with chiles; it was spicy, just how I like. Another friend had the Fettucinni Alfredo, which I normally don't eat. After a bite of hers, I wanted to change my order. It was buttery and delicious.We had the three course lunch for 14.95. The portions were huge, so it was well worth it.We were a bit disappointed by the bread and butter. The bread was not special and it was with.... butter. We thought olive oil would have been a better touch.The tiramisu was the perfect size ending to the large lunch. It was light and fluffy and very tasty. We'll all be back there for sure.
2	Went there for lunch with 3 friends and none of us liked it too much. I had  chicken which was very plain, dry and chewy. We do not plan on coming back. Though the place looks nice and might be better during dinner.
1	My friend and I were looking forward to having lunch here on our lunch break last Friday. I drove by the new restaurant and thought it was a good idea to try it out, especially since we love Italian food. So we got there about 12:30 p.m. and there were about 4-5 tables of two customers each. We waited at the hostess stand, the waitress looked at us, but never acknowledged that she would be right with us or smiled or anything. So we waited for about 5 minutes. At this time, the other customers that were seated started looking at us. So needless to say, we decided to have lunch elsewhere. We would have liked to try the place out, but never had the chance to. I'm not sure if they are short staffed or something, but we would have waited had someone said they'd be right with us at some point....
3	Food was ok. You get what you pay for. If you need a quick fix for pasta then roma is a good place to go,but if your looking for real pasta plates this is not the place.
1	This place has terrible service!  My wife, daughter, and I went to check out this place because live near it and the building had been so many other restaurants before. We walk in and looks like there was a small party going on. The hostess thought she was working at some Hollywood restaurant that movie stars go to. She led is to our table and we sat down and just waited. Yes waited. There wasn't a single person who came to the table for 15 minutes! I actually saw a waiter walk by us clapping their hands killing some time. I was furious, so we all got up and left. I walked by the hostess and told how we just sat there and waited. She didn't care. Don't waste your time this restaurant will probably be gone soon anyway.
4	We now eat here often- On our last visit I got Angel Hair Pasta in a Tomato Sauce with Veggies like zucchini,carrots,broccoli & mushrooms. It was ohh so good... The BF got his usual Penne Arrabiata and my daughter got her usual Alfredo which they both love....Even though I tell them to try something different they just can't seem to!!!For our appetizer we ordered the Fried Calamari which said it had carrot and zucchini in it as well. We did feel a little bit fooled as there were only finely cut extra thin carrot and zucchini slivers thrown on the fried calamari rather than big veggie chucks fried with the calamari as one ordering this dish would assume it would be like. Anyhow, it was good as well....This is a yummy satisfying place to eat and I hope Roma Grill stays around for a long time!!!!
4	my bf and i planned to try this spot months ago.  we finally did the other week....... and lets just say, we were impressed!  friendly staff, live music and most importantly, good pasta!!!  we had the bolognese and shrimp/asparagus pasta.  both were good, but i enjoyed the bolognese more.  very spacious, so it's good for large parties.  i'm definitely considering my next bday party here.
4	Let's just make this clear, this restaurant has been opened for a year, but it has been under new management since three months ago. So, any reviews prior to three months ago should be read with precaution. With that said, I drive past this restaurant at least twice a day going to and from work everyday. So my brother and I decided on some pasta today, so I thought we give this place a try - halfheartedly. There was one other party in the restaurant when we walked in. Kind of nervous. The menu was not too extensive but enough to a sense that the kitchen is good at whatever it offers. I had the linguine and clams, and my brother had the lunch special with fettuccine alfredo with grilled chicken. The lunch special comes with either soup of the day or salad. He had the soup, which was tomato basil. We were served toasted french bread while he had his soup. I tried a spoonful, and it was decent. I have had better. Our food arrived, and the server spilled some of the sauce from my dish onto the table. Not too big of a deal, but could be worked on. First bite into my linguine, and it was delicious! You can really tell it is freshly made. The clams were bigger than I expected, and the dish had true seafood taste. I was delightfully surprised! I tried the fettuccine alfredo, and the fettuccine was even better than my linguine! I say this because of the way linguine is, and the pasta kind of soaked up the sauce so it was soggier than I would have liked (still pretty good though). The fettuccine had a wonderful chewiness to it. The alfredo was as light as it can be since alfredo sauce can be quite heavy. Overall, the pastas were awesome! Fresh, chewy and flavorful. Oh, and the portions were huge!!! I will definitely come back to support this local business and for fresh pasta!
1	Wow, this was the worst experience at a restaurant that I've had in a long, long time. Not only were they out of diet coke and alfredo sauce, but the service was terrible. When our food finally did come out, it was freezing cold. I sent it back and they took it back to the kitchen for over 30 minutes. When I asked for the check, the moronic waiter actually tried to charge me for cold ravioli that I never got to eat! Bottom line, you can do much better both price and service wise in Las Vegas.
1	Roma Grill gets the distinction of being the worst restaurant I have ever reviewed.  I was in Vegas on business and did not have a dinner meeting so I went by this place while touring the area where I lived for the year I was in Vegas.  Italian sounded good and place looked nice, so I gave it a try.   The only redeeming value about Roma is that the hostess was delightful.  After that, it was all downhill.  The service was totally indifferent to its customers, the food was worse than any Olive Garden and not as good as a Fazolli's.  The salad was a joke.  A giant handful of some greens from a grocery store and a few tasteless tomatoes.  Chicken Marsala was rubbery and the spaghetti side I ordered tasted like plastic with ketchup (very little ketchup mind you).  There was almost no sauce on the spaghetti.  To top it off they had a horrific band playing Sinatra and Tony Bennett songs that would make both of them spin in their grave.  If you look at my past reviews, you will see that I don't trash restaurants.  I am not that hard to please and try to give the benefit of the doubt when at all possible.  This place was really just that bad.
3	Had a bad experience here for lunch - I remember seeing a banner advertising $6.99 lunch specials so I decided to give their lunch specials a try since we always go during dinner. Well the lunch specials banner is gone but I thought Oh what the hell... On your table is a list of lunch specials with most of them around $9.00 (Is that really a lunch special price?) So we got a ham panini that had all the fixings with pesto sauce. We ordered Minestrone soup for the little one first and I must admit that soup was damn good!!!! Their version of Minestrone soup is much more creamier than regular Minestrone soup-dunk your pieces of complimentary bread in their and your in Yummersville....We should have all gotten what the baby had!!!!Our sandwiches took forever...The paninis were not even grilled paninis and the place was pretty much empty. When our sandwiches eventually came the fries were cold and all our sandwiches were dry-no pesto sauce. The waiter said the cook said there is no pesto sauce on the sandwich and I said it's called a Ham Panini with Pesto sauce and the waiter had to bring the table menu to him to show the cook. So we had to wait even longer for them to give us sides of pesto sauce to add to our sandwiches. If the cook in the back was making our pesto sauce from scratch them maybe I can understand the wait but I highly doubt that. I always rave about this place to my mom so I was a bit embarrassed about my experience there with her. She was like "You love this place?" I told her the pasta/dinner is way better...When we asked for the manager the waiter said no manager could be found. Things that make you go Hmmmm....The BF who wasn't present during this bad experience and he insisted on going here for dinner on his Birthday- I said well it's your Birthday so fine!!! Our pasta was good and I instantly remembered why I like this place. The entertainment at night can be a bit chessy but if you let go you and just enjoy your meal the music can be fun. I took a star off for our lunch nightmare - I'll just eat here for dinner I guess.....**** I noticed that there were alot of new faces working there so I'm guessing it's under new management-Well, hello new management this customer's lunch experience sucked- Please make sure your new cook know's how to make a sandwich and that you are available if a customer would like to speak to you!!!****
4	I loved the homemade pasta, but I guess that wasn't enough. They're not in business any longer.
