4	Holy Frijoles! This is one damn good place to get a burrito. Bringing home a bean and cheese burrito from Frederico's is like bringing home a delicious, oozing, salsa-fying, two pound, mouth watering bundle of joy! Except you don't have to bail it out of jail for stealing that cop car on spring break or pay for it's college education. The deal here is that it costs less than $3!This is my new addiction. I seriously can't get enough and that could be dangerous, but I'm not sure more for whom or for what; my wallet, my waistline or for the people in the surrounding vicinity of my backside. :-)
2	In a two day span, I frequented this monument to lard, not once, but twice; making Federico's my defunct dinner for two days in a row.How did this happen? Why did this happen?These were questions I woefully pondered as I spent nearly 3/4 of a sunday perched upon the porcelain throne, evacuating my bowels like Anderson Cooper and his news crew amidst a chaotic Tahrir square. The only reason to my madness, that I could fathom, in the clouded and reeking haze I was brewing that sabbath day, was that I had literally drank or smoked myself retarded- so much so that my ravenous appetite overwhelmed my better judgement.Friday night, my mistake was assuming that the graveyard shift would care enough to properly cook an Adobada burrito at 2 am. It honestly tasted like they doused some chorizo in red chili sauce wrapped it in a tortilla and threw it out the delivery window like an unwanted baby in bath water.Saturday night for one idiot reason or another I ordered a green chili burrito, which I'd assumed would be hard to fuck up, apparently not. This didnt taste like green chili pork, perhaps It'd be more apt to label it as "boiled pork offal with a splash of tomatillo salsa" it was proabably the worst green chili i've had in a long while.Sunday, Montezuma claimed his bloody revenge on this descendant of Spanish immigrants (had this angry aztec spirit bothered to scan my family lineage on ancestry.com he'd have realized that the spanish on my mothers side is hardly large enough to exact vengeance for atrocities committed by cortez and his cronies in the 16th century, but who am I to question undead central american monarchs) ahem. Lets just say I dont enjoy prolonged bathroom visits and this is what Federico's translates to in my vernacular.
4	Last night while i was drunk as heck coming back from a party, my friends and I collectively decided that we were extremely hungry. It was 2 in the morning and not a whole lot of choices came to mind. That is is until my friend suggested the 24 hours federicos. There was a drive through and the service was fast and simple. I got the carne asada buritto with sour cream and pico, with a little quacamole. It was made quicky and i have to tell you that each and every bite i took of that mama jama was equal to heaven. The buritto was huge. And freakin heavy. Every bite was filled with carne and sour cream. It was funny because my friend was like "take a few bites and we will eat the rest when we get home" , but i couldnt stop. I devoured the entire beast within minutes and I was satisfied.
2	Filiberto's in disguise!Alright, slightly more generic than Filibertos. The shrimp tostada was too sweet (yeah...sweet!?) for me, like some sort of cheap ceviche loaded on to a corn tortilla. Silly me wasn't expecting it to be a cold meal, but whatever, that's my mistake. Also, the carne asada fries are made with crinkle fries that are salted before everything else gets thrown on. It's gross, and their asada tastes like day-old steak soaked in brine.I've gotta learn how to starve before going on these drunk Mexican food binges. Or just give my leftovers to Cornell.
4	Federico's is probably the best fast food Mexican place I've been too. Actually is better than some of the sit down restaurants I've been to. Their burritos are great and taco salad is awesome. They have lunch specials everyday so make sure you check the menus for that.
4	Ermahgerd, it's Taco Tuesday!!.. Monday, and Wednesday.  Genuine soft or hard taco's with corn tortillas for a buck, three days out of the week?  I'm sold!  I tried the shredded beef, the ground beef, as well as the chicken tacos.. they were amazing! And if you are more a fan of street tacos, they got those too.. maybe next review i will talk about their burritos.
5	I my opinion, they are one of the best late night post drinking burrito joints. The are quaility for there type of restaurant, this is why I gave them five stars. They also have pepsi not coke. The are clean on the inside which is rare for a cheap mexican place.
1	These places seem to be all over the valley summer not as good as others this particular one really rude and nasty later I want I have no idea I recommend trying to have another location..
1	Food is good if the little tiny short mexican/american girl with the big nasty attitude and mouth didn't stomp around the place like she owned it and gonna tear it down slamming drive-through windows on paying customers rolling her eyes every question you ask her ect she's just sick and rude and has no place in a business that has customers!!!
1	Umder new management. I use to go to this federicos twice a week. Good food, big burritos and great service. NOW all new employees and management. Small burritos and small portions and they have raised all prices!! Stay away. A rip off!
2	Some of their food tastes like it's been in the refrigerator all week or a couple days since they tried giving me carne asada fries that tasted like they were warmed up for a few minutes then given to me. Also, another time the chicken inside of the red chile chicken burrito I got looked old when I opened up the burrito to see why it had a weird taste and texture after biting into the burrito. I have better luck at Filiberto's since when I go there my food actually tastes and looks fresh.
5	I was about to give this place four stars, but I'm going with five, hoping to boost the taco joint's overall rating.I have no idea what these bad reviews are talking about. I have eaten here twice now, and I have had a great experience both times.I recently moved to Glendale/Peoria from San Diego County, CA. San Diego's kinda famous for its burritos (I don't know if you've heard; they're kind of a big deal) so I have high standards. But I was not disappointed here.Twice now I've purchased the carne asada fries. The fries are crinkle cut, and the meat is tender. The salsas are great. My partner likes the chimichanga plate and the carne asada burrito. Apparently "the shredded beef in the chimi is perfect, and the shell stays crispy without getting soggy." But with the burrito, "the tortilla is just amazing."Also, prices are great. I fed my whole family - four full grown adults with big appetites - for $30. Definitely coming back whenever we don't feel like cooking.
1	The customer service is so so but I don't care. The food is what matters. Since moving to Arizona I have yet find a place that makes good chorizo. This place definitely doesn't. It tastes like a white person who never heard of it and made it. I'm white but I really love chorizo for the morning. But I tried other food they made, not impressed. It doesn't take a lot to impress me. Get my order right and make good food, I'm happy. Thing is, it wasn't good. Bland. Been here twice, no intentions of going back.
