5	Closed Sundays. I typically stay at the Golden Nugget downtown and you can't  just gamble, drink, eat, gamble, drink and drink. I guess you can because I sure have in the past but now I take a 10 minute walk to the local plunge. Nothing reinvigorates me like a long, leisurely swim. Then it's back to drink, gamble, drink, party, you get the idea. The pool (50y but 25y lap lanes) is heated, indoors, and only a couple of dollars. They have locker facilities but I have never used them. 5 stars. This is the local plunge and not the Ritz.
5	Excellent lap-swimming facility.  Older building but very well-maintained, many many lanes, one of the largest swimming pools I've seen.  Entrance fee is $2 and they offer monthly passes.  Make sure to check schedules as only two lanes remain open when swimming lessons and practice take place (80% of the time).  Otherwise it is a really amazing facility and a real pleasure to swim laps in.  Lifeguards are very friendly and professional.  I'm not 100% sure but I think it's salted water, not chlorinated.  If you live in Vegas or on an extended visit, and you are a semi-serious swimmer, you must give it a try.
4	Do you a.) live reasonably close to downtown and b.) not have a pool of your own?Well, welcome to my miserable life. But the scorching heat of a Las Vegas summer can be alleviated with a trip down to the Muni pool. It's huge, with lots of roped off lanes if you want to do laps and be separate from the scads of kiddies splashing around the main (shallow) area. And they also have a couple of hours in the afternoons of adults only swim time. (Remember how you hated that as a kid? Well, it's pretty frickin' great now!)Lifeguards are pleasant and keep the rowdies under control. None of this is an issue in the non-summer months. There are hardly any kids to be spotted when school is in session, and it's temperature controlled for year round swimming. Just you and a few other old farts paddling happily around. It's only $1.50, but if you join in Feb., they have a family special- up to 8 people for $160 for the whole year. Can't beat that with a stick, especially since it includes use of their little gym which I avoid like the plague.
3	The pool is usually very clean and lanes are almost always available. Some of the lifeguards seem distracted or tired while on stand, I'm a strong swimmer so thankfully I probably won't need to be saved anytime soon. As a ex lifeguard I think they're lacking a little discipline. The front desk ladies can be a little slow also. However the facility itself is well maintained so I continue to come back.
