4	I have been into this store a few times now with my sister, and they have some pretty hard-to-find import foods. They also have a few different kinds of Polish beer, which aren't really bad if you're into that sort of thing.The store is quiet, there's not really anyone else in there whenever I'm in there. It's a great place if you're looking for food that isn't easy to acquire here. They also have breads, fresh meat, and quite a few dozen variations of sauerkraut. Also, like all Polish food stores they carry a LOT of pickled goods. This place is worth going to!(I should also note, that Google Earth and Google Maps has this place listed in the WRONG location. It's just around the corner from Savers).
4	Great little deli. They carry meats and cheeses as well as pastries. Eva, the owner, was very nice and answered all our questions. Definitely will be back.
5	Great deli, very close to "German" style specialties.Friendly (real Polish) folks with; assorted Rye Breads and pastries still warm in the AM, beers, import jellies & candies, Euro chocolates, Herring,  smoked/cured fish, so many krauts/pickled goods, Kilbasi & real hot dogs, many seasonings, sauce mixes, Polish magazines, sandwiches made to order, OMG...Way too much to list and cost is way less than Frys for the same old comercial preservative laced, yada yada yada. This local "Mom & Pop Shop" has real meats & cheeses. Since they seem to have no artificial preservatives I go and go often. Today I got a fresh Rye, cold cuts, liver wurst and my favorite cheese that I can't find anywhere else. Cost for a bag full-o-goodies: under $25. Yes Way!The shop is very clean, parking & acess is easy and it's in a nice area/neighbor hood. Try it, you'll like it.A+++++
5	Very friendly and knowledgeable! They have a large variety of delicious deli meats and cheeses as well as fresh breads and pastries. Many different types of Polish beer. Sodas, syrups, pickles, sauerkraut, preserves, noodles, cookies, candy. This little shop is full of so many things! They also carry beauty products from Poland. You will be happy you went!
4	Once upon a time, before greedy traders and corrupt banks and people's inability to save money launched the U.S. into the second Great Depression, you could find a lot of German and Polish restaurants and food stores in the Valley.  Sadly, like the retirement accounts of so many so-called middle class Americans, these places have vanished along with their many customers, who no longer can afford to spend money on such non-essential luxuries.Fortunately, Warsaw Village survived the economic catastrophe, though, like lots of businesses, it did so by considerably paring down its selection to avoid wastage and lost revenues therefrom.  Sadly, the shelves are no longer full in this store and for those who remember 'the good days', it's sort of sad to see.  Some of the now missing items are in the back; but a lot of it simply isn't carried anymore, because there just aren't as many customers showing up to buy anymore (or so it seems).  Every time I want to stop by here to pick up something, I always get a little churn in the pit of my stomach ... II keep expecting to show up and they won't be there anymore.While places like Jana's Bakery has (finally) expanded their selection of non-bakery items on sale, Warsaw Village is still the place to go in the West Valley (actually, the WHOLE Valley) to buy a wide assortment of Polish dry goods, meats, alcohol, pickled vegetables and, especially, pierogi.  Their selection just can't be beat and they don't try and bulk up their offerings by throwing in Bosnian and other former Yugoslavian items, like many 'ethnic' places do to make it seem like they have more than they do.  None of that cheap, sketchy stuff is here:  the overwhelming majority of what they have on hand is Polish or made by places in the States specializing in Polish foodstuffs.  It simply is THE place to go to buy all these things (sadly, though, you need to skip the bread and Makowiec they pick up from other bakeries in the area ... they're usually not fresh by the time you get to it here).Maybe, one day, when all the financial misery is behind us, places like Warsaw Village will once more open up and thrive as they did in better days.  For now, go and look and buy ... you may not have the opportunity to do so tomorrow.
