5	OMG!  The BEST French fries in town!  Real, fresh-cut fries with the skin still on. The perfect crispness and greasiness!  Their burgers are to die for.  Freshly cooked, pure beef.The place has been around for 57 years.  It's had a total of 4 owners in that entire time.Really nice people and service, too!
3	Great smoky flavored burger.Awesome chocolate shake.Crappy part of town.My fries were just okay.I was WAY hungover.
5	Kick ass fries.   No more McCrappy meals for me ever again!!!Went through the drive through, got my food and started driving away. Started to eat the fries and went "hmmm something different about them".  They were perfect! Potatoes, oil, salt, that's it. Not the tiniest bit of grease on my hands or the bag and cooked perfectly.The burger was the best fast food burger I have ever had, seriously.  Again, they keep it simple.  Toasted bun, tasty meat and not greasy at all. How'd they do that?People, next time you need fast food, and I know you all eat it don't lie, go here and see for yourself.   The chains are crap, this place does it right, and it's a cool find your friends don't know about.
4	When I pulled up I was very skeptical of this place.. kind of old and run down and in a sort of off part of 16th street next to Circle K.. well I was meeting friends and Amy D. had talked so highly of it so I couldn't back out now. My friends showed up and were kind of scared though they haven't been out with me for ages so it would be an adventure for them. Ill dodge bullets for a good bite to eat and they know it! Burgers, fries shakes and a few odds and ends on the menu well, here it goes. Ordered a half pound burger with cheese and a side of fries, 4.99 as well as a strawberry milkshake.. I was making sure we all ordered what they are known for, good burgers, fries and shakes.. okay, so I'm blown away! The burger was totally juicy without being greasy.. the fries were crispy and flavorful and the shake tasted like it should have.. thick, creamy and fruity! My friends all LOVED the food here and were thanking me on the way out.. so much for it being scary. Lucky Boy rocks! The burgers remind me of how a good burger should be, simple, tasty and cheap. Now that's American!
5	Did Dave B. just call my neighborhood crappy?  Cute, sparky.  Cute.  Anyway, this place has, without a doubt, the best burgers in Phoenix.
3	Ignored this dive for 20 years, til the Yelp raves....and they're right. It's really good.  Burgers are grilled and custom dressed with Ranch, Thousand Island, BBQ, etc. Even the tomato slice tastes better than the machine lathed sliver served at McDonalds. Shakes are unusually thick, without the chain's aerated aftertaste; plus there's a neat flavor selection ( butterscotch, cinnamon, Oreo, Butterfinger, et al).  Trust me and opt for the smaller size (20 oz for $2.50) - it'll satisfy you. My teen was laughing how he felt like he drank a full shake and was only a third of the way done. I had to finish mine at home. Appears owner operated by a middle aged couple, who take quality and service seriously. You're greeted when you place your order, a friendly thank you on the way out - drive thru customers are addressed as sir and maam. Not much seating - three tables and some stools along the windows -  I'm guessing this is a 90% drive thru operation , but it's kinda fun to sit in such a tiny retro place, with it's odd shape, interior block columns and 1950's era, residential exterior door. Lucky Boy's beat up,  but authentic in a way retro palaces like 5 & Diner arent, and the kind of rare post war jewelbox more often espied in central LA - maybe in a Tupac video or bad Steve Martin movie.  The neighborhhod's iffy at night and a rather nefarious Circle K looms nearby,  but I wouldnt let the surroundings deprive you of an unusual throwback experience at this earnest little eatery - at least not in daylight.
4	I finally convinced Hubby to give Lucky Boy a try, based on all the rave reviews by trusted Yelpers. We almost didn't get out of the car, however, when we pulled into the back, only to see a group of apparent drug addicts huddled at the side of the Circle K. One woman (?) was alternately pounding a man in the chest, snapping back his head by means of his hair, and then spooning him. Ah, meth. You are truly a showman.Anyway, when we decided to brave it, it was well worth the risk. The burgers were made from fresh, great quality beef, cooked to almost crispy on the outside, and yet still magically juicy on the inside. Fresh bun and toppings, and absolutely awesome fries. Super hot and wonderfully seasoned. I usually get some heartburn after eating fried foods, but had zero issues with Lucky Boy. We got some shakes to go- I had strawberry and Hubby had peanut butter. They were good, and very thick, but we both agreed that we prefer the more intense flavors of the shakes at the Chicago Hamburger Company.Will we be back? You betcha. And not just for the "scared straight" factor.
5	This family-owned business rocks!  The food is wonderful, prices are AMAZING and they blow the doors of any burger joint in the state.  Everyone knows Lucky Boy still rocks...a Phoenix classic that's still around not because it's trendy and swank...it's because they serve quality day after day (and work their butts off doing it).I recommend the Lucky Boy original...comes with fries for like $3.99.And, if you happen to see sketchy people around, do the whole neighborhood a favor and call phoenix pd non-emergency number (602-426-1231).  Anytime I mention where I live to anyone who's lived in Phoenix 30-50 years or so, they always say "oh, that's near Lucky Boys.  Damn good burgers."
5	MMMMM....finally checked this place out last week and I'm so happy that I did. I can't stop thinking about the burger I had! Smokey with a great , grilled-in-your-backyard taste, with pickles and mustard. DELISH.As I pulled up to the drive-thru window I couldn't help but notice the sticker "The people at Yelp love us". YES WE DO! A true diamond in the rough, I will be back.
4	I've been driving by Lucky Boy for almost a decade and never really found it a convenient place to stop. I'd always either just ate, or had to be somewhere quick, and had no time to stop.A friend and I stopped in yesterday evening and it was like I'd made it somewhere after years of trying. The young girl behind the counter, and whom I'm assuming was her mother were both extremely welcoming and friendly. They asked if it was our first time, told us how to order, and were generally awesome. Service here is perfect.The place is as you would expect, un-updated 50's inside. It's been there roughly 60 years. There is no music, and no real entertainment factor, so this might be a better place to hit the drive through, but the inside wasn't dirty, it was just boring. They feature their 1/4 and 1/2 pound burger specials, both of which include a good helping of fries, and are both under $5. They also have about a dozen flavors of shakes and all the typical deep fried goodies. I had the 1/4 with swiss, bacon, and thousand island dressing. It was a really awesome burger, and for just over $4 after tax, it's tough to beat. REALLY tough. It's not Delux, but it is a damn tasty burger. A good bet for that semi-queasy "need something to soak up the booze" day after meal.
4	Burgers and fries were terrific and reasonably priced. I ordered the fried zucchini and was a little disappointed. Quality was good, but quantity was low for the price. Atmosphere could use some work. Small dining area. Location is difficult to get in and out of. But who cares about atmosphere when you can dig into a 1/2 pound with fries for under $5. Get your food to go if you are scared. Reminded me of what Lenny's used to be like.
5	this is a great burger shop in central phoenix. the fries are excellent, the prices are cheap, the burgers are good (although sometimes they are better than others). and the corndogs taste like god made them, in heaven.the decor is cool and retro, and not in that overdone, fake way. definitely worth going to if you're in the mood for some cheap burgers that aren't fast food in central phoenix.
5	The best burgers in Phoenix. The owners are great and am on a first name basis. Forget about fast food and support this local business. Go double.Add bacon.Park at Circle K if in a hurry.Plan on holding it until you get home.Stick to the burger and fries, genius.
4	Great Burger Spot in Central Phoenix..I used to live 1 minute away. Never stopped in... Finally went in yesterday. Burger...Awesome... Fries...Delicious...Cherry Shake...DecentYou hear the term "Mom and Pop" restaurant, and this is that.  Mom is cooking, Pop is taking orders and mixing up milkshakes. I'd go back daily... Support local business!!!
4	Exactly as Yelp'd-- got a quality BBQ sauced burger & fries for just $4. No complaints, the owners were super nice.
5	i just finished licking my fingers clean and almost ate the dressing-drenched paper that held my very first, and surely not last, lucky boy international burger.crispy bun, tons of dressing, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions, and a perfectly tender, smokey burger. thick, perfectly salted, crunchy on the outside and soft and burning hot on the inside fries. thick and deliciously sweet chocolate and peanut butter shake.gone. in less than 5 minutes.place closes early, so unfortunately there will be no drunk trips through the dangerously narrow drive thru.
4	Think In-N-Out burger on steroids before it became a chain. That's this place. I officially 'heart' Lucky Boy Burger Shop. I really can't imagine anything bad to say about the food, prices, or service at Lucky Boy. Some people might be offended by the location or the decor, they definitely didn't splurg on interior design. But, it's part of the charm and it keeps prices low. Where else can you get a 1 lb burger and fried mushrooms for less than $5? I just wish they were open on Sundays.
5	Excellent food, fast service, excellent customer service, great prices. Exactly what a mom and pop store should be. I had the 1/2lb (double) with standard toppings, cooked medium. It was superb! They use a thinner sized patty then what I prefer but make up for it in taste, quality, and size. I would have been slightly disappointed if I had ordered the 1/4lb one. They char grill on a huge 560,000 BTU cooking machine. Fast, hot and tasty. Great Job my friends, keep it up.
4	I had to make the Great Circle trip to DoPho and CenPho, although I always think of it as GoPho (going to Phoenix...it seems like a long journey).Today I got to take a baseball bat to the temple twice in one day!I had to spend quality time with my accountant and more of the same with my health insurance agent...just one of those mornings.I needed to treat myself, although after a visit with my business friends, I somehow felt it needed to be an inexpensive treat.My insurance agent is just north of Lucky Boy and that's where I went for my late lunch. I needed a scotch, and a Lucky Boy burger may not be the next best thing, but it's pretty damn good.I had not been here since last fall, but it really never changes (at least not since I came to AZ). They just make a good, simple burger. There aren't any tricks (no butter flavored whatever on the buns). The fries are crunchy outside and fluffy inside. The buns are soft, but hold together well and the meat is charred, but not crusty and overdone.Are there better burgers in the Phoenix area?...I'd have to say yes. Are there better drive-thru burgers in Phoenix?...I don't think so. Lucky boy is terrific...fresh, tasty, inexpensive (my meal was under $5.00), fast and the people at Lucky Boy are just extremely nice folks. Let's all do our  part and make them busier!
5	I finally lost my Lucky Boy Burger virginity! It reminded me of a small town burger joint. Great burgers and hot dogs. Can't say enough about the fries and onion rings. Wow! Prices are great. Pure freshness. I loved most that the service was excellent. This is definitely one of my fave burger joints. *CHEERS*
5	First, as a fan of American fast food architecture, I visited this place when closed to take pictures.  Very cool.  Awesome sign.Second, I returned with my 13 year old son to the drive thru.  Shakes were huge and pretty good.  Burgers were also large.  Maybe not the best burger, but plentiful toppings and large patties with large buns to hold a lot of those toppings in.  Fries were excellent and disappeared almost immediately.Friendliness of staff came through even during the drive-thru experience. My son was less inspired but he is still in the hamburger with no fixings stage.  So, he was less than thrilled but I chalk it up to his youth and immature palette. I am a huge fan of restaurants with good food which are not chains.  This is one of those places and they deserve our support. Will definitely return!  Long live Lucky Boy Burgers!
4	I recently had one of the worst days of my life and that's not an exaggeration. I received some really bad news mid day, mid week and kinda walked around in a fog until I get off work at 5:00pm. In a Xanax induced coma; tired and starving due to skipping lunch I happened upon Lucky Boy. I've been meaning to stop in for awhile but just never made it happen.Now, I'm not one of those chicks that drowns her sorrows in french fries and ice cream, quite the opposite actually so I figured I'd take advantage of my appetite. I ordered an "international burger" and fries and some sort of large carbonated beverage. It was wonderful. The fries were crispy and perfectly salted and the burger was one of the best I've had in a very long time. The ingredients were fresh and the price was right. I'm sure there are better burgers out there, but I can't think of any. I ate the whole fucking thing and was actually sad when the experience was over. I'll be back soon to gorge myself on some other menu items. Maybe I'll wait for PMS to kick in, maybe I wont. All I have to say is this- there is something comforting about smothering your insides in cheese and oil. Lucky Boy may not solve all of your problems, but it fills the void in your tummy without having to prepare a meal when you are out of your flippin mind.And that's something....
4	I had driven by here several times and liked the look of the little shop.  It's right next to the Circle K on the corner of 16th and Thomas.  Last Satuday my daughter and I started out to run some errands and one of them was right by Lucky Boy's.  We were greated warmly and it appeared to be a mother and son.   Mom was working the grill and son was taking the orders.  My daughter had her standard hot dog and I ordered a 1/4 burger with bacon and swiss.  We got fries and I got an order of fried zuchinni sticks.  My daughter had a butterscotch milkshake.  That was one of the best shakes I have tasted in a while.  It was not overly sweet and it was thick and creamy.  Our food came out hot and fresh, so hot we had to wait a few minutes for it to cool off.  My burger was done to perfection.  It was delish!!  I am somewhat of a purist so I did not have all the standard condiments on my burger, just the burger, cheese and bacon and I added some ketchup.  Excellent!  My daughter's hot dog did not last long.  She said it was awesome....and gave it a thumbs up.  High praise from her.  The fries......oh the fries.  Crispy on the outside and potatoy fulffiness on the inside.  They were sheer perfection!!  I'm getting hungry for them again just writing this.  The zuchinni sticks were excellent too.  They had a really nice, crunchy batter on the outside but it did not overwhelm the zuchinni inside.  All in all the food was excellent.  It's a little more than standard fast food but honestly, you get what you pay for and this was worth every penny.  The inside is not very big but there are several tables to sit and a little bar over looking the drive thru.  The drive thu is old school.  A little bell goes off when I car pulls in and your order is taken.  It seemed the cars had to wait a bit but I think the wait is well worth it.  The inside is also clean.  Not spotless but clean and the service is friendly.  They have all the standard fare a burger joint should have and it's all freshly made.  This is a great find.  I will be back for sure!!  A little gem just near my house.....I'm lucky!
4	The first time I decided to try this place I drove out there only to realize it closes early. but I finally made it back out and i am glad i did! I had the original ranch burger, so good. the only down side was the tomatos didn't look fresh. I just took them off my burger but other than that it was soooo tasty! I love their fries, too. next time I am in the area and craving a good drive-thru burger i will stop here most definitely
4	I guess I am a Lucky Boy.  I was about to go to Lenny's on Central, but I was redirected by wise coworkers to Lucky Boy's.  Its a joint, which is usually a good thing.  Mental note: don't try to come out the same way you came in!  You'll know what I mean when you get an angry driver staring at you as you try to exit the wrong way.  There is a surpising amount of dining area inside this little place.  Its even got a drive-thru.  Menu is simple with burgers and dogs, and all the usual fried sides like poppers, mushrooms, onion rings, etc.Prices are great for cheap-o's or people on a budget; my meal was only $10 because I added a lemonade and an order of mushrooms.  Still, 10 bucks ain't that bad for what I got.The burger?  Yes.  Indeed.  I got the Lucky Boy, or whatever its called, with grilled onions and cheese.  The bun was toasted, the lettuce shredded, with a big ol' tomater in the middle.  Perfect joint burger.  Not this biggest patty, but very tasty.  I will have this again.  I guess I'd compare it to an In'N'Out burger.  Going up against that, Lucky's isn't quite as good...but its not quite as expensive, either.  But I ain't missing In'N'Out with Lucky's down the street.  The shrooms were fried perfect, were fresh and rank second only to the fried shrooms at Sunrise Cafe in Maricopa, AZ.  And not being a french fry kinda guy, I must say that these fries were delicious - seasoned just so.  Ranks 3rd all-time behind Rally's fries and Red Robin's fries.The lemonade was suggested to me, and I'm glad I got it.  Not THE best, but really good.Service was quick and accurate. No complaints there.No reason not to give 4 good stars.  I'll go back a few more times and update to see if they can reach 5.Oh, and the ranch they use is the best ranch i've ever gotten anywhere.
4	Well after so so many years of driving by it and looking at the ghetto joint being tempted to stop and try it, reading all the reviews made me make a Uturn and stop by TODAY!!!Was not disappointed at all, i ordered a Lucky Boy burger with some fries and a regular Dr. Pepper.Fries were hot off the fryer, crunchy and soft in the middle. Nice amount of salt to make it very tasty. The burger, THE BURGER!! I love charbroiled burgers, it gives it a nice char taste, damn very yummy.Only thing is that they added a tidbit to much catsup, but it was fine after i almost finished it. WOW burger was big, filled my Big Ass up, lolWill go back and have a taste of some of the other items on the menu.
4	I would say my husband is the "Lucky Boy" with a wife who is more than happy to dine at such a fine establishment.  You won't find kobe beef or antelope on the menu, nor some crazy topping like foie gras.  And brace yourself, no sweet potato fries either.  But you will find a pretty damn good burger and fries for under $4!  Who knew they still even existed?The burger is everything an old-fashioned burger should be, standard with mustard, ketchup, chopped lettuce, tomato, and onion.  And just so you don't forget we're in Arizona, they offer pepper jack cheese and green chilies.  The fries are thick cut and crisp, and they mix a mean milkshake, too.  We ate inside, and yes, it is kind of a dive, but a clean one.  It reminded me of the kind of burger joints that were around when I was a kid.  Yes, they had burgers back then.
4	Today was the day! after reading the review of the day I decided to take some time and drive down to Lucky Boy's from the Scottsdale Airpark. Well worth the drive! First off, any place that has butterscotch milk shakes I will become an instant fan. As far as their burger... That was really good as well. I got it with everything including bacon. Instead of ketchup and mayo I decided on the "Lucky's 1000 island" I thought the burger was cooked perfectly and the grilled bun was a nice compliment. The Fry's were OK in my book... A little too cooked but still OK. Definitely going back and definitely talking about this place to others.
3	The inside of the place coupled with the attitude of the staff makes one suspect this place is probably in violation of several health codes. That being said, you can get a pretty good burger here for a very cheap price. My one complaint would be the buns; they taste like week old Kroger brand buns. Bottom Line - 1 step above Whataburger and 2 steps below Original Hamburger Works.
4	I grew up on fast food just like this!   The milkshakes are perfect.  Different "flavors" mixed in vanilla...  simple and delicious.  I had a butterfingers one which I wholeheartedly enjoyed.  The food selection is not targeted to vegetarians, but that's fine with me since I love onion rings and grilled cheese!  My boyfriends chili fries looked and smelled amazing too...  I was a little envious.I will definitely hit this place next time I need a shake or some greasy onion rings.  I wouldn't eat in, the tables and atmosphere inside are not that awesome, but take out and drive through work great!
5	There's nothing better than an old burger joint that really gets it. Lucky Boy is one of those places. One Saturday afternoon the boyfriend and I met a friend at Lucky Boy for lunch. We both ordered regular cheeseburgers and fries, the friend ordered the BBQ burger and I also ordered a chocolate/banana malt.The burger was done just right. Nice and juicy and they were very generous with the toppings. I actually scraped some of the ketchup and mustard off. The fries were great too. But the malt was amazing! SO thick I used the straw as a spoon. Great chocolate flavor, big chunks of banana - yum!The friend said the BBQ burger was also very tasty.The place itself is small with only 3 tables and a few stools at a counter near the windows but it has a certain charm.I will definitely be going back to Lucky Boy if for no other reason than to get another malt.
4	In the strange tapestry of culinary Americana few things are capable of firing up the salivary glands like a damn fine burger and Lucky Boy has the MOJO! As food goes the burger is one of those things that couldn't get any more American unless of course you wrapped up a little blond in an American flag and had her working the grill. No matter where you find yourself from Manhattan to Monterey Bay you can always find a burger joint. In a town rife with everything from exotic grinds of meat to log cabin themes for burger bars, Lucky Boy has a mind boggling simple cheap formula, a non-mad cow burger made with all the of the basic ingredients like onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, and assorted other condiments cooked to order on a fresh bun. Toss in some fries, onion rings, maybe even fried mushrooms sprinkle in milkshakes for real pizazz.
4	I'd have to say that in the course of five minutes I spent five dollars, gained five pounds, added five inches to my waistline, and took five years off of my life.  But I knew that going in and did it anyway.  Where, you ask, can you also clog your arteries and love every precious minute of the experience?  Lucky Boy is the place.We ordered the quarter pound Lucky International with fries.  I added bacon, green chili and cheese to mine.  It was pure heartburn; I mean heaven, at first bite.  All of the Lucky Boy burgers include lettuce, tomato, pickles, and onions, but you can hold any or all of the included condiments.  The Lucky International also includes 1000 island dressing. Was it messy?  Absolutely!  Would I do it again?  Absolutely!  The fries were amazing.  Real cut potatoes with the perfect amount of salt and crispiness.   I also had the small shake, which was really quite large.  They were really good.  You can mix up to two of the 14 flavors for the same price.  But I'm a purist so I stuck with chocolate.  They also have hotdogs, corndogs and grilled cheese for the little ones.  If you're really in a hurry, you can always order to go and they have a drive-thru as well.There are three reasons why Lucky Boy only gets four out of five stars.1.  Every little thing you add is an extra, including refills, but it's so inexpensive it's not really a big deal.2. It was very warm inside.  No A/C.  Maybe that's why the prices are so low. (*Edit to add they do have fans and evaporative cooling so it wasn't too terribly bad.)3. No restroom to wash my hands afterwards.  These burgers are very messy!If you ever need a cheap eats night, this would be a great place for it.
5	For a few pennies over $5 today I had a double international with fries. The burger was perfectly cooked with a great charred flavor. It was a messy, delicious delight.  The fries were excellent, crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the middle.I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly my order was made.  This is clearly a family run restaurant that knows their customers. I can't believe that I have driven past this place for years without stopping.  That will change now!
2	I went here expecting greatness. I left disappointed. I was the only patron and the fries had so much salt on them that I could not eat them. The burger was huge but nothing special. After I got my food I asked for extra thousand island dressing and the lady rudely said "50 cents!" Just not a great experience. I would never go back.
5	Okay...I don't think I'm over or understating the obvious... It's a Hamburger Joint.  But I'd have to say it's one of the best ones I've come across in a long while.  So to keep it short you couldn't do better than this place. If you know what you want. Odds are they've got it. If your looking for a Hamburger. But wait! There's more!  A great menu for such a tiny place. Dogs, Fries, Malts, Shakes, and a lot more. The service was very polite and helpful.  I do recommend it.   Seating is a challenge...it's a small place. But the place has charm and most of all, just what you want in a Hamburger Joint.See ya there!
4	4 stars maintained.Each time I've been here, the burger has always been juicy and fresh...never an over/undercooked or old patty.I mentioned before about comparing this to an In and Out burger...I was wrong to do that.  This is a greasy, ghetto, round' the corner burger that doesn't try to win any appearance or neatness awards...it just tastes great.  And the quality of the meat is top-notch.Service continues to be swift and friendly.
5	Lucky Boy's is a true family-owned old-fashioned burger place.  The cashier is the owner and the cook is the wife.  The great flavor of the burger takes your taste buds by surprise.  Very juicy, dripping with flavor, char-broiled outside and perfectly cooked in the middle.  Add the fresh ingredients and Lucky's own version of their ranch sauce and it goes down as a true favorite.  Looking forward to trying their real ice cream shakes next time.  Had no room though after the burger and fries.  Oh yah... the price for burger and fries around $4.  Great deal!
3	Maybe I don't get this place and why it has such great reviews.  2 out of 3 times the bun has been a little dry and creates cracks when you bite into it.  Boo.  The burger itself has a nice char but I felt that it overpowered the meat as heavily charred gas grilled burgers typically do.  The fries aren't great and the onion rings aren't great and well, I sit here dumbfounded.  Perhaps I'm just miffed that on my last visit I ordered a double ranch burger with a Coke and the girl rang me up and charged me for the burger / fry combo with the drink.  Ah well, life goes on but I won't be back which is a shame.
5	I'm craving me some Lucky Boy Burgers.... Need to do something about  this....
3	In my search for THE BEST OF THE VALLEY, I came up on Lucky Boy. This place is shockingly small, but I didn't see many other customers, so it doesn't matter much. I got the standard cheeseburger with everything on it, a side of fries and a fountain drink. The menu is actually pretty vast, and you can order a burger, etc, no matter what your tastes are on a given day. I really liked the burger; all the ingredients were fresh and in the right proportions. I would come back if I was in the area and had a hankering for a burger, but would not travel much... Top 10 burger spot in the valley, but behind places like Lenny's and Chuckbox, and even Fudruckers.
2	I went and tried the Lucky Boy burger, fries and Peanut butter milk shake. I had heard from one yelper that is was to die for. Meantime I heard from one non-yelper that the quality had dimensioned with the newest ownership. All I can say is that it was food. And it was warm and I ate in. Was not impressed by anything. Service was quick but not very welcoming. Interior is drab but reasonably clean. They provide no public bathroom which I think should be against the law if they provide an eating area. I found nothing to die for here, not even that shake. Most likely I won't find reason to return and some people will certainly regret they tried it.
5	I was out and about in a new area of the city and spotted Lucky Boy. I've been looking for a place like this for a long time, since it's nothing but chain restaurants in Gilbert. I really enjoyed going here, and will be back whenever I get a chance. The food was hot and delicious, with generous toppings. This place reminds of a burger stand I used to love to go to when I lived in the Chicago area (Rosie's, 103rd & Cicero), right down to drive-thru's activity switch.I had the 1/2lb burger with grilled onions and jalapeno slices, with fries and a large coke. It was $7 and change, and worth every penny. They have plenty of other choices, including many milkshake flavors.
4	A nondescript little place off 16th Street that is light on ambiance but heavy on tasty old- fashioned hamburgers.  The thousand-island combo was a tri-monthly ritual when I lived in that part of town.  This is the type of place that cable channel "hole in the wall food showcase shows" are made for.
4	I hope I don't get lynched by the Lucky Boy-loving Yelp Mob but this place wasn't outstanding or anything.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  The burgers reminded me of Dick's in Seattle and the shakes reminded me of Frisko Freeze in Tacoma.  That's a good combination, no doubt, but I just don't get the 5-star love.  It's good but not amazing.  It's an awesome spot and the employees are friendly and speak english.  I can't complain about that, I guess.  In any event, the food is pretty good so go by and check it out.
4	I've been here quite a few times, and always love their food. Pretty good servings for the amount of money. Burger yesterday was a bit over-cooked, but the fries were great as always. I love how small it is - friendly staff and it always seems like the whole family is back there cooking and serving. Would definitely recommend. So all in all, great for the money, and convenient because it's close to my work, but I wouldn't drive across town for it.
5	I have probably eaten at Lucky Boy about 50 times or more.  You would probably call me obsessed, and that might be an understatement.  Lucky Boy has two of my favorite things, a great burger, and great ranch.  In fact, they have combined them to make probably the best burger in town.  Lucky's signature burger is their ranch burger and it can be ordered in a single (1/4lb), or you can get multiple patties.  Lucky also deep fries their bacon that goes on their burgers.  Yes you heard me, deep fried bacon........I could end the review on that tremendous high note but that would not do justice to how good Lucky Boy is.Make sure you go during lunch or an early dinner because Lucky Boy closes early.  This is due to the business being run by one of the nicest families you will meet.  From the mom and dad that own the place to their kids that help out, you always get a sense that they not only care for their customers but they care for each other while working together.So if you are in the neighborhood or running some errands in the central Phoenix area you have to stop by for the best burger in the valley, Lucky Boy.
4	Lucky Boy is a solid little burger shop.  I thought the actual restaurant itself was really cute and I liked the old school feeling of it.  Their menu is straightforward and nothing fancy, and that makes me happy.  I got a Bacon Cheeseburger with Ranch a side of fries and a soda.  I think all of that cost maybe 5 bucks, so it's definitely budget conscious.  The burger was good and yummy, pretty much exactly the way I expected it to be.  The fries were also pretty good.  They were crisp on the outside, but fluffy on the inside.  I should have gotten some ranch to dip them in, because that would have been amazing.  Overall, I really liked this place, and if I'm in that part of town when I am craving a burger, i wouldn't mind stopping in again.
3	Was driving to one of my other favorite spots for lunch, Lukes, when I saw this place and was intrigued, so I decided to stop and have lunch. I had a hot dog and burger with fries. The hot dog was good, it was cooked well. It was almost crispy on the outside. The toppings were usual, not special there. Mustard, catchup (Yes, I know not Chicago style, hey that's the way they gave it to me) relish, onions. The condiments looked pretty much like they came out of the bottles. Not fresh. Still good though. I like the burger choices. I am fan of putting ranch and thousand island on my burgers. These two choices are available along with bbq and whatnot. The burger was cooked good. The sesame buns were fresh. Fries were pretty darn good. They were crunchy and and hot. The parking lot is extremely small, and only one way out- through the drive thru line... kinda weird. I will go back if I'm in the area.
5	I just polished off a 1/4 lb burger and fries from Lucky Boy.  Holy freaking yum!  I haven't had one of their burgers since I was a kid and my Dad's office was right down the street.  I feel like I've just been reunited with a childhood friend, the one who can put a smile on your face anytime without even trying.
3	Great service and great fries. National monument, been there for years. My love enjoys their lucky burger.
5	This place was fantastic.  From outside it looks like an old school burger shop that is both old and fairly run down.  Inside it was very clean and comfortable.While ordering you can see them cooking the burgers on the grill and the lady doing the cooking looked like she was really enjoying herself.The burger was big and tasty.  The fries were cooked right and were also delicious.  The burger and fries were both so good that I had to leave with a (very thick) shake just to complete the trifecta.This place is clearly a Mom & Pop joint.  I'm pretty sure the two people working are married and my brother told me that their kids work the shop on the weekend.This place is worth a visit.  All you should need is one to get hooked.
2	On the prowl for some good food, Lucky Boy caught my eye, ordered a burger and fries. The burger was good. . . the fries were burnt.  I asked my boyf. if that was how the fries were always cooked? he Had one and was grossed out.  They were dark brown!I ended up taking the fries back and the owner looked at me like I was in the wrong for bringing them back in exchange for  some not so over cooked fries.  Employees were nice about it, but the owner is a jack-a__
4	I grew up in the area, and was a fan of Lucky Boy, and then it changed owners, and the quality sucked, so I retired its jersey.After reading here on Yelp that Lucky Boy was back to its full glory, I had to see for myself. I hit the drive thru on a Thursday afternoon, and the service was quick, friendly, and efficient. Getting the burger with 1,000 island dressing, and side of fries, I went home. I was very happy to learn that the burgers were better than ever! Tasty burgers, with a nice char taste, and they pay attention to details, which is great. Tasty fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions, piled on a grilled bun makes for a great meal. Lucky Boy v1.0 had kind of weak fries, they were trying to be fresh and simple, but they were bland and tasteless. Lucky Boy v2.0 uses frozen fries, and does a great job of cooking them perfectly.Just an FYI, the inside of Lucky Boy is very, very small. Cute, but small, so if you have a large group, this may be a better take out spot.I also had a strawberry malt, which was very tasty.  I look forward to putting Lucky Boy back in the rotation. I think it's really cool to have really good food, locally owned at good prices. I know the 5 Guys Vs. In-N-Out war rages on, but I will stick with Lucky Boy!
2	I want to like this place.  I really do.  It's near by, it's local, it's efficient, and it's reasonably priced and seems to be a holdover against the big chain burger guys.  It's just not that great.  While the fries were thicker cut - several were burned.  My burger's most prominent taste was charcoal, and I'm not talking about that delicious char grilled taste - I mean nasty petroleum tasting burned charcoal.  I may go back again, but with significantly lowered expectations.
2	Had the burger, onion rings and milkshake.Burger is OK, onion rings not worth it, milkshake ok.For me, this place just wasn't very remarkable - other than the fact its in a strange shaped bullding.
4	Smoky backyard burgers like dad used to grill, crispy fried zucchini spears, fresh squeezed lemonade, and all at affordably low prices! The owners/employees are super friendly and they serve REAL diner fries (not those crap ruffled ones Denny's switched to or the undercooked steak fries at Red Robin). I highly recommend the International with bacon and cheese! If I have one complaint it's that they close too early on Saturdays and aren't open Sundays. Thank the Lord my sister turned me on to this place - how I've lived down the street for six years without once stopping in is beyond me!
4	Lucky Boy is a solid place to get a really good burger, fries, and shake. I try to go here whenever I am downtown.
5	I stopped by the drive-thru and picked up two burgers and an order of zucchini. The zucchini is sliced into french fry-sized sticks, which is a preference of mine. Noticing this, I was all smiles as I drove home. When I got home, I discovered two charbroiled (not fried) beef patties with shredded (not leafed) lettuce and crinkle-cut pickle slices as well as tomato, chopped onion, and ranch dressing served up on a sesame-seed bun and wrapped tightly in white food paper. The burger patties were the exact size of the bun and the burger does not fall apart when you eat it. The lettuce doesn't even fall all over you when you unwrap it - this is the most perfectly positioned stack of ingredients I have ever encountered! French fries come with your burger and they were of very good quality, a nice solid thickness (not dick-limp like McDonald's but not too thick like steak fries, either) and not greasy at all.
4	I love their fast and fresh service!!!   The ranch is great!  the fries... everything... I'll take their burgers over any of the chain burgers! The lemonade is so good too!
4	I have been going to this place for over 20 years now and it is the ideal greasy, cheesy and sinful cheeseburger and fries. The burgers are great and that goes with saying I don't eat meat anymore but I remember what they used to taste like. Fortunately, I can eat lots of other items that they have. The shakes are thick and fruity. I appreciate fries that are greasy but crisp, and in a brown paper bag and that's what you will get from Lucky Boy. Lucky Boy not to be confused with the famous Big Boy burger shop (although you cannot miss the shop, there is a gigantic Big Boy-esque sign in red on top of the restaurant). It's not in the best area but neither are you going to see bullets come flying at you, come on some people have no clue what the ghetto really is.
2	So sad.  I really wanted to like this place.  I did.  Love these types of burger joints; small holes in the wall serving up hot, fresh burgers, made to order with all the fried goodies on the side.  But alas, twas quality that brought this burger go'er to his knees.First off, know the burgers come with fries without another mention.  We thought we were getting two burgers and a side of onions rings, but ended up with a double troubles worth of fries with it.  Now, the fries were good, but nothing special, hard to mess up deep fried frozen fries.The burgers themselves, the normal burger dressings, the bacon, cheese, and even the buns stunk of penny pinching.  Everything was skimped on and quality was lacking.  The people were rude and unwelcoming and we paid too much.Oh my, the onion rings.  I love onion rings; bar none my favorite side to a good burger and the pics on Yelp had me really craving some delicious ringage.  Wow, these were the worst, cheapest pieces of dirt I have seen since, ever really.  To start with, there were no onions in them.  None.  It was a ring of onion flavored dough or something.  It reminded me of bad Chinese places where you question if there really is meat in what you are eating.  They were terrible and again, smelt of penny pinching.Sorry, there are much better places then this and the only thing holding up that second star is the fries...
4	The big ass storm last night knocked our power out, and 18 hours later it is still out, so while taking refuge in a friend's AC, my spouse and I popped in for a late lunch. We both ordered the 1/3 lb International Burger (I guess 1000 island dressing makes it international) and fries with a large Coke. Not too bad to get all of that food for about $12.The burgers are charbroiled, not fried, which is good. You can only eat so many fried burgers. The fries were just ok which knocked off one star, but I'm definitely going to go back and try them again (fries can be hit-or-miss).Overall, very satisfied. Taste, quantity, price all good!
3	Good burger and fries, sucks the ac didn't work well. If in the area will go back, once it.cools down.
4	Great burgers.. awesome onion rings!  Milkshakes rock!  Only place to get a decent burger on 16th street!!
5	Burgers that live up to the hype!  Their frys are pretty darned good.  Corn dogs are delicious state fair style and the onion rings are some of the best I've had.
4	Took my kids there to grub after this place was recommended by a co-worker.  One got a burger, the other a hot dog.  Thumbs up all around, although the fries were not their favorite.  They started it is their second favorite burger joint only behind San Diego's Hodads.
5	Decided to go here because of the reviews here..  Picked up the Lucky Burger with 1000 Island dressing, took a bite and literally said.."My God that's a good burger..."and had to pause to write this real quick.  I'll let you know how the rest was shortly...**after burger**Holy s***...The charbroil taste of every bite along with the flavor of meat, 1000island dressing and the veggies just sent this burger to the top of my list.Imagine going to a family BBQ and everyone's favorite grill master is behind the grill doing his work.. this is what it's like.The fries were also fresh and crunchy, just the way I like it.Glad this is close to work, cause I will be a regular here.  ...sucks im on a diet!
4	Delicious burger close to home when I've got a craving for red meat. You'd never know it by looking at it but their burgers are very good and made to order.  The moderate drive through wait proves worth while for a freshly cooked burger. Just wish there was a "without the fries" option. Although they're good too.
5	Frst off i will say once again THANK YOU YELP! For helping me find this diamond in the rough.  I would give this place 6 stars if it would let me! I was hooked after my first bite of my jumbo dog. Juicy fresh and full of flavor! I was a little skeptical when I saw what the place looked like and the no decor in the dining area but really are you thereto judge how nice the windows look or how much you dislike the paint job. You go for the food!The fries... Where to start on the fries. Wow Blew me away! By far the best French fries I've had since moving to Phoenix. Will defiantly be a regular eater at this place.
5	This is the real deal.  I HIGHLY recommend this place if you are in the mood for burgers, fries and milkshakes.  The owners are friendly.  The prices are unbeatable.  The quality is spot on.  I do not recommend the deep fried mushrooms or the grilled cheese sandwich.  However the other items I mentioned are phenomenal!  You must splurge on a milkshake... i love chocolate cherry.
4	Yum says the cheese fry fanatic. Not too vegetarian friendly but I didn't really expect it to be. Meat eater husband was pleased though. Only complaint is that the guy at the front blew his nose then made a shake (no hand-wash involved). Yuck. Luckily it wasn't my shake. Perfect hole in wall joint for a quick weekday dinner/snack.
5	best char flame grilled burger in town.  I love burgers but I absolutely love Lucky Boys.  burger and fries (no drink) less than $4!  that is a steal, this place looks old school, takes you back into time as to what a small burger joint looks like.  I like this place better than Lenny's and better than hamburger works, and better than burger shop and burger factory.
4	I used to work here as a youth when it was under different ownership but I am happy to say besides the skin cut fries everything has stayed the same including tastes. I think this place was screwed over when they lost their rear access due to the jiffy lube jerks walling up the back entrance for the hell of it and since it is so difficult to get to it loses quick wanderers.I recommend the following here as my all time faves. double ranch burger w/ cheese and bacon with side of ranch for the friesanything with grilled onionssplit grilled hot dog w/ grilled kraut and chilicherry lemonadecherry-chocolate maltFrench Fries w/ ranchFor John 0 review.Lenny's and Lucky Burger have direct origins with each other and as a fan of both I can say that even though it was sold by Greg a ways back they have kept up the quality. I recall working there and Lenny popping by to visit since they used to run Lenny's together. A ranch burger is still a ranch burger and the malts are still the same. After visiting Lenny's last week they have definitely cut down the size of the meat but the service is still awesome. I would just like to note that they are basically cut from the same cloth.
4	Anytime I have a hankerin' for a burger and fries, I head here.  When I'm feeling extra adventurous I order a chocolate shake.  The burgers taste like you grilled them on your own outdoor grill.  They even smell smoked.  Good buns, huge portion of fries, crispy outer meat layer.  Skip the corporate fast food joints and head over to Lucky Burger.
5	I love Lucky Boy.  I love Lucky Boy.  I love Lucky Boy.Don't go inside, it's not very flattering.  Drive thru.  If you order a 1/4 lb burger it's one patty.  If you order a 1/2 lb burger it's two patties, a double whammy.  They have three or four custom choices for the style in which they'll prepare you burger.  Basically it's like a ranch burger, a thousand island burger, a bbq burger or a mustard and ketchup burger.  Choose one.  Peanut butter-anything shakes are good.  I've had it with Butterfinger and butterscotch and chocolate.  It's all good.  Their fries are good as well.It's super cheap like $5 for a burger and fries.  Go here.  Call me when you're on your way.
5	Umm delicious!! New Category: Best Drive Thru BurgerThere will always be a throw down on who has the best burger in town. Yet, its usually the crafty artisan types that win. No complaints there because they are usually tasty and deserve a prize. But when it comes to fast food and drive thru's we are all guilty of indulging in one to many chain establishments where no credit is due. This is where Lucky Boy saves the day. An establishment that has been around since the golden age of fast food serving up charbroiled burgers to order, ice cream shakes, and crunchy fries that won't break the bank. I picked up the 1/4lb international, fries and a coke for just around 6 bucks. Delicious! Swing by and check this place out.
3	Good burger but nothing special. Abundant fries. Proprietor grumpy, dive location, and no restroom (even to wash my hands before eating) dropped my review from 4 stars to 3. Clean but shabby. Lots of shake flavors and other fried foods we didn't try.
5	I used to come here all the time during high school. Inexpensive food, great greasy burgers, the fries here are delicious! They have many different flavors of milkshakes,  I usually get the butterscotch.  No restrooms, limited seating space, I recommend getting your food to go.
4	I found this place on yelp. I really loved the couple who runs the shop, they were sweethearts! They made it a really good experience. We thought the food was really good, we loved everything except the fried mushrooms. I got a shake which was absolutely delicious! If I lived in arizona I'd be back!
2	I'm done with Lucky Burger.  The second to the last visit, I took my out of town relatives to Lucky Burger because they wanted a "good burger."  Between the three of us, we ordered quite a bit of food.  My cousin wanted to bring in a diet (?) Dr. Pepper can that she had in a cooler to enjoy it with her burger and proceeded to ask for a cup of ice.  The owner denied us a cup of ice and said we were not allowed to bring in outside drinks.  I found it to be a bit unreasonable since we ordered lots of food AND drink.  How was one can of soda going to hurt the man, financially?  I was embarrassed as I had recommended Lucky Burger to my out of town guests.  A few months later, I returned and ate a burger, fries and soda.  I think the prior experience left a sour taste in my mouth and I was no longer able to enjoy the meal (followed by a stomach ache).  I will no longer eat at Lucky Burger nor will I recommend the location to my house guests.
4	Sometimes plain and simple is best, and it can be harder than you'd think to get plain and simple right. Lucky Boy gets plain and simple done perfect every time. Never had cold fries or overdone burgers here, your meal is always, always hot and fresh and ready to be devoured. I like to go local rather than chain fast food when I do fast food, and Lucky Boy satisfies all of that.
5	Great burgers, shakes are thick and tasty, wonderful proprietors.  It doesn't get any better than this.
5	For an old school burger and shake this place is great! I still have yet to try their hot dogs and onion rings. Burgers are simple and greasy. The fries are fresh cut and delicious! I've had the vanilla, chocolate and peanut butter+chocolate shake. Some of the best milk shakes I have ever had! Their lemonade is also FRESH. Beware if you like your lemonade sweet cause their is very tangy. Anyways, great place for a greasy burger and fries :)
5	i used to live across the street, and dined here on numerous occasions.  Milkshakes are amazing, burgers are real tasty.
4	Decent burger and fries for the price.
4	This little place will surprise you. The burgers are awesome and the prices are reasonable. Why can't we have more of this and less McJunk?
4	At the end of a long drive to Phoenix for a tour and football camp at Arizona State University in Tempe, my lil big man and I checked into our hotel and it hit - we were starving.So me having a technology love fest that includes an assortment of functional gadgets (i.e. my iPhone, iPad), I whipped out my iphone, hit the Yelp app and typed in "burgers."Of course, Phoenix isn't on Mars, so naturally in n out showed, as well as several more burger joints in the area.  I wasn't necessarily interested in driving too far for a meal.  However, I saw one place that was less than 1/4 of a mile from my hotel, Lucky Boy Burgers.The ratings were high so I guessed not everyone could be wrong about this place and decided to go.  I'm glad I did.Most of the best burgers come from "hole in the wall" places. Unencumbered by corporate diluted meat and operational handbook limited portions, I've found these are the best places for a non-corporate burger.When I saw the building, it was a stand alone building on a pretty empty street (it was 108 degrees at 5pm).  We parked and walked inside.I have to say I love a place that recognizes what they do and do it well. The last thing I hate is to walk in a burger joint and see they make everything from burgers to shrimp fried noodles.  Something about that wide variety of edible harmony just doesn't sound like it makes good music.  Bad example, but I think you get the point.I checked the menu and they had like 4-5 different types of their primary burger. They had baby sizes too, but I'm a grown man and not about to get a baby sized anything. I settled on the International, with the recommendation of the guy taking the orders.  I don't do ground beef and they didn't have any turkey, but I was soooo  hungry I didn't care.1. They were fast.  It didn't take long to get our order. That's always a plus.2. When he handed me the bag, if felt like 30 pounds of burger in the bag.  Now that might be a turn-off to some people, but for a guy like me, that's aaaalllll good!3. The burger was big! I don't think I need to say anymore about that.4. The burger was really good.  I mean really, really good.Ok, I guess at this point you're thinking, "you're starving! A phreaken Saltine cracker would be delicious!"  Yes it would, but a nasty cracker is a nasty cracker. Ok, maybe that wasn't a good analogy either... I tried.Lucky Boy's burgers are veeerrrrry good. They are not super expensive and a bargain in today's $9 burger world.  If you're in Phoenix visiting, give them a shot. Next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm going back.
4	Have been here about 4 or 5 times since moving to CenPho.  The burgers and fries are always fresh and hot, but the real stars are the real ice cream shakes.  Had a banana shake tonight and had to remove the lid and straw, it was so thick and creamy with lots of chunks of real banana. It's not a gourmet burger like you might get at Switch or Fez, but for the money this place can't be beat.
3	I drove 20 blocks during rush hour for a chocolate shake, cheeseburger and fries past Wendy's, Mc Donald's, Lenny's, and the Original Hamburger Shop kinda tells the story correct....... Plus the fact it is truly a mom and pop sort  of place makes me love it even more but in the interest of being honest it really is just a good place to get a quick meal at decent price......  So nothing new great or exciting to warrant 5 stars but absolutely a great place to get a good meal......... Til next time
5	This is the best burger in Phoenix.No frills, just a great, great open-flame char-broiled burger.  A double cheese, that's what they call 1/2 pounder, with fries and a large drink was a shade under $7.  This burger is better than Smashed, Freddies, even Zin.  This is just a great cheeseburger.Seriously.  GO THERE NOW!  CLOSED SUNDAYS.  BUT GO THERE NOW!
5	I have been going to Lucky Boy for years and they always impress me with a great burger and fries for super cheap.  I try to watch what I eat but will splurge on my calorie intake any time with a burger from here!
4	If you're looking for a backyard BBQ style burger like "your dad used to make" then go here. They charge more than they should, but its yummy and still cheaper than fast food if you stick to just the basic burger and fries.
3	Really a 2.5 because there wasn't anything special about my burger... It wasn't bad. I have had way better, and much worse. I would go here over Jimmy G's (just south) any day. Jimmy G's sucks.
4	Still a good deal on a pretty fresh burger that i saw cooking right in front of me - charbroiler style. The price in the photos was once at $3.19 for burger and fries, but now we are at $5 for everything with a slice of cheese.  The fries were crispy, thick and golden brown in style. The 1/4 burger with thousand island was my choice and it was cooked well done as requested. Lucky Boy has served Phoenix since 1951 and this part of town looks mostly unchanged with clear spanish influences taking over. I survived eating in my car down the street because the two dudes in the small seating area were way too loud to enjoy my meal. Homeless folks will hassle you as you go next door to Circle K to save $$ on beverages, but this place is one of those you need to try if you like burgers. Nothing spectactular, but Lucky Boy is clearly equal to and better than the other national chains that you would spend $5 at and the fries and the friendly couple working there make the difference.
3	Felt like a burger and wanted something close to downtown.  Decided on this place due to pretty good Yelp reviews.  We drove up and actually parked and went inside. Smallish inside.  A few tables and then bar stools surrounding the perimeter so you can sit and use the counter as a shelf.  Placed my order for a Lucky Boy 1/2lb cheeseburger, fries and a chocolate shake.  Total was just over $10.00.  Nice gentleman working the counter.  I think his wife was manning the grill.Shake came out first.  Decent sized shake.  It was good (When is a shake not good?) but not great.Lucky Boy Burger-  (They have 4 "types" of burgers here...each one corresponds to the condiments they put on.  Lucky Boy is ketchup and mustard.  See my menu pic for the other "types".)  This burger looked great.  It reminded me of little burger joints from LA like Piggies etc.  It came with lettuce, onion and pickle.  It had two 1/4lb patties and 2 slices of cheese.  I bit in and it was good.  The bun was toasted but it also seemed kind of stale.  It almost fell apart on me a few times.  The burger meat was good and I ate the whole thing.  Was it the best burger ever?  Not even close.  Was it good and did it fill a burger craving?  Yes.Fries-  Standard fries which were salted ok.  Overall this place was A-OK. Supposedly its been here since 1951 which is cool.  I hope people keep on coming back and keep this place in business. Nothing was wrong with it at all but I wasn't blown away by it either.   I would probably try out other burger joints in the area if I ever had a burger craving in this part of town again.  Side rant.............we did get hounded by a dude "asking" for change while walking back to our car.  A little Hispanic dude on a bike.  He reeled off about 30 words and then said "uno dollar".  That's the only Spanish word I could understand.....here is a tip buddy.  If you are going to beg for change/money in the US, you might want to pick up some English and learn how to say "Can you spare some change" or "Can I have a dollar?". You will have much better success on obtaining your $$$ that you are seeking ;-) Anyways.............
4	i like cheeseburgers- i really do. i'm not all that picky when it comes to them but i can appreciate a good one and lucky boy has good cheeseburgers. i usually get the ranch burger with cheese and bacon- it's a good size, well made, and for $6 for a good sized burger and fries, it's definitely worth it. the fries are thick cut and don't taste at all frozen. i've never gotten a shake or a drink there- they're a bit pricey and i'd rather go to the circle k next door for a soda. i only have two complaints- the first is that they close too early! i wish they stayed open until after8. the second is that the parking/drive through situation is horrendous- trying to turn from 16th st and navigate through the parking lot into the narrow drive though is very difficult:( it's still worth it, however, for an awesome and inexpensive meal!
4	The milk shakes... WOW!  Cold and made of fresh fruit and chocolate. Recomend it highly. Its a good place to get a burger and fries too. Its a casual mom and pop shop reminicent of an old dinner.  By the way they have a drive through too. Its a little hidden.  on the norh side of the gasoline station.
5	Great burgers and good prices.  Their shakes are legit.  You can combine flavors (oreo-coffee is my favorite).  Also they have fresh squeezed lemonade which is quite refreshing with your burger and fries.
4	We are from Northern California and our cousin brought us here for lunch. This was a great little hole in the wall burger joint. Shakes were great and fried zucchini was some of the best we've ever had! We will be back when ever we are in Arizona again!
5	My favorite place to get a burger. No frills just an awesome burger at an super awesome price!
5	By far my favorite burger joint in Arizona. Its small, simple, and amazing!!! One of the best burgers I have had thus far in life. It has a simple menu with only a few different burgers to choose, and customize. The shakes are delicious as well. I like the fact its a mom and pop shop. The owners are there 99% of the time, and always have a smile to great, and a friendly goodbye. I am going to miss Lucky Boy's since I have moved out of state.
2	Great owners...Average burgers :(Perhaps the burgers are amazing for some...but when you have tried many places around the valley Lucky Boys doesn't cut it.
4	I ordered the 1lb burger thinking it couldn't possibly be that big. Well it was at least a lb  if not more then 1lb cooked.The burger was great The fries came with the burger were very good but maybe with a lil to much salt, but still very good.The shake was good but the over ripe bananas were a little off putting even though you wont notice if it goes into a blender. The menu is very unorganized which makes you stand there for a few min looking at it like an idiot if its your first time.The place is right out of 50s which is cool...
5	Lucky Boy!!!I knew I had it once or twice as a teenager, and I guess back then I didn't even understand how awesome it was, even though I liked it.I went there with my soon-to-be wife a month or two ago after getting the first ultrasound of our baby, and it was magical. We were so hungry from being in the medical office, and we wanted something REAL. Lucky Boy makes REAL burgers. The way they are meant to be made. If you like the taste of backyard barbecue burgers, and you aren't on the roster of any upcoming barbecues, you should go to Lucky Boy. They are grilled to perfection, and we have only tried the Double Lucky International because it is the best. :) It has 1000 Island Dressing, and it STOMPS In-n-Out. We came from being as enthusiastic about In-n-Out as we are now about Lucky Boy. It changed our hearts forever. We also like the touch of retro that it has about it.I will also mention that no other burger joint serves them bigger than Lucky Boy.My last piece of advice:Don't forget the fries, they are ALSO THE BEST. Better than any fast food fries out there, they are not all dry and over-potatoey like some 'more natural' fries. They are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They give you the perfect amount. They don't need ketchup, and they salt them for you (which is apparently unheard of these days).All this magical yumminess that we share together every now and again because it is enough for two, and it is only $7. That includes the double patties too (which is an add-on).***P.S. We REALLY want to try their shakes, which have an extensive amount of flavors, and you can mix more than one if you want!
4	This place has been here like,forever! I still keep coming back for these tasty & meaty concoctions. My go to burger here is the Double international w/ jalapenos, just to die for and the price is right!!!
1	yuck! gross burgers! had a super burnt taste to it that lingered with me all day and night... i couldn't even eat something else to drown the burnt taste from my mouth, had to brush my teeth a couple times.... but jeez. how about something positive! very nice staff! clean kitchen:) great service, cute spot... it's just all about the food for me... the fries were ok, but sorry lucky boy, no luck from me
3	Same as it ever wasSame as it ever wasSame as it ever was-- Talking HeadsYeah, not much had changed in the 24 years that passed between my last two visits. You get a burger that's a little charred. Fries and onion rings are fairly good. The atmosphere is without pretension.
4	I love this place, it's one of my favorite drive-thru burger places in town. The burgers are deliciously prepared and seasoned, the shakes are scrumptious and the fries are crispy on the outside and potato-ey on the inside. Just how I like 'em. There's a reason they have been around nearly FOREVER, the food is just simply good.
5	This place is how burgers are supposed to be. My favorite is the BBQ burger with green chilies very messy but very worth it.  The place is super small and old fashioned.  The burgers are cooked to order and delicious.  Th milkshakes are intensley thick and wonderful.  Staff are friendly.  Best place to go for a burger.
4	Had to stop by this burger joint after driving by and spotting the Big Boy logo. This place struck me as enough of a rustic hole-in-the-wall to take burgers seriously! They do, and I was not disappointed!I ordered a double with American cheese plus bacon and set about making a mess. These burgers are plenty juicy, fresh tasting, and the fries are super-crispy! I love the fact that they offer Thousand Island dressing slathered on your bun. It really makes the burger taste home-cooked. This place is a legitimate old school burger stop. Just make sure you grab a stack of napkins (but then, I was a messy baby).
5	Fantastic everything! Especially the green chile burgers and milk shakes. Will be coming back very soon!
4	A hidden gem, and one I discovered in my wanderings through uptown and near the 51.I've been here once, and I need to return one of these days. I had a cheeseburger, fries, and a drink, and yes, I liked my meal. Treasure the local places while they're still around. I'm glad this place is, and it almost makes me wish I had grown up in Phoenix, rather than Northern California. ^_^;
4	My parents used to eat LB's back in the day. I'm grown and had never once eaten at LB's until a year or so ago when my sister suddenly started going there. She brought me home some food from there. It was actually pretty good. The old man who runs the place is a little bit grumpy but he doesn't seem mean or anything. He's definitely not the type you joke around with. Very no nonsense. His wife is just as sweet as can be. They should work on the drive thru though or get rid of it. Its hard to get into and it broke once and never bothered to put a sign or anything on it to indicate it was broken. Other than that, its a good place to go.
3	It was okay, and I get that its independent but it is not four stars worthy.  Its kinda pricey, the buns have a bad after taste and the burgers are just okay.  I really wanted to like it, but there are too many better options IMO.
5	My friends family owns this shop. In my opinion, it's the best quick burger around. And their in house ranch sauce is super yummy (you can add it to your burger.) Chili cheese fries, fried zucchini, yes yes yes. Try this place!
3	The fries and shake were great, but I wasn't a huge fan of the burger itself. I'll definitely be back for a second try, but my mind wasn't blown.
5	I've driven by this place so many times and finally today I stopped and tried it -- now I am sitting here kicking myself for not trying it sooner! I ordered the international burger (thousand island) and it was awesome. Don't let the older appearance fool you, the food is great. The fries were fresh, burned my mouth multiple times because I am impatient and they were delicious. Definitely recommend and will be coming back soon!
1	So I've been here a few times and have felt their Burger/Fries deal was good. Nothing special - most other locations have a burgers and fries deal that are ok - LB is about the same.  One thing I go for is the Shakes - THEY ARE AWESOME. This time I decided to splurge on the onion rings with tax they are almost $4 - I was advised there is only one size.  I also got a BLT and a regular Shake - all for $10.06 - yeah I know, not so cheap but all a la carte. The onion rings were not so great - BAD.  I was given 7 rings..for almost $4 i thought that was CRAZY!! so I called to voice my concern.  I mentioned this and the guy who answered replied: "You were given 7 (rings)? you should have been given 8 (rings)!" what? that's crazy, I thought he was pulling my leg.  Then he mentioned he only works there and the owners make the pricing and he "Can't do anything about it"  Nothing worse then employee who does not give a rats $#^&  - i didn't expect anything for free and mentioned that I just wanted to let them know that in today's economy consumers would expect MUCH more for the prices we pay.  If it had been a good onion ring I might have not called but alas it was bland and reminded me of Burgers Kings O.R.s - pretty bad but at least BK gives your more rings...Very very bad Lucky Boy. I will only go back for your shakes and only shakes...
5	Am staying at Phoenix Children Hospital and after a coupe of days you get tired of the cafeteria food.I wanted a great Burger so I looked up on yelp and found this burger joint. People were friendly and helpful with everything since it was my first time. Green Chilie peppers on burgers gives it am amazing taste...Great Place,Great burgers and Great staff...1/2 burgers was enough for me!
1	No cheese?  WTF!Since the only selections seemed to change the size and number of the burger patty, I assumed cheese was included.Nope!Traditional Lucky Boy or International Lucky Boy.  These are basically your only options.Tell me why I paid over $5.00 for a undercooked, mediocre burger with a small amount of lettuce and pickles.I also ordered the onion rings, but they proved to be mediocre as well.Since I don't make a habit of eating pink, undercooked meat this means that I wasted my time and money to drive to Lucky Boy to eat some nasty onion rings for lunch.Awesome.I'm beginning to think that it really is an unreasonable expectation that somebody in this f**king town knows how to make some decent food.*sigh*In addition, I wasn't able to use my debit card, because their machine was broke.  So, now if I need some cash I have to make an extra trip to the bank.Thanks again, Lucky Boy, for a great experience from a first time customer.
5	I am been craving greasy food! I seriously I. Love with this place...why, you ask because the onion rings are amazing, they are perfect!
4	I've been here a few times for lunch now. Very consistent. The drive-thru guy is very courteous. The burgers are good. The fries are great. The ranch dressing is out of this world. I hate ruining great fries with dipping sauces (no ketchup) but dear lord the ranch brings them to a whole new level. Don't be scared by the outside appearance. It's worth a try!
2	I'm reminded of a Doctor's reading of an x-ray when he comments "unremarkable" when reviewing Lucky Boy Burger Shop. I order a burger which comes with fries and a shake since they don't have free refills on their sodas. The shake was the best part of the meal. The burger was "unremarkable". The fries were meh.I think they should just close the dining area and make it drive thru because they don't have a restroom for their customers. Meh. I've experienced better.
3	Best fast food burger for fast food fans.  If you are a burger snob like myself though spend a few extra and you will get real beef flavor.  Chocolate shakes are made here like they use to when I was a kid and are decent.  Prices are very reasonable, better than the fast food chains.
2	Went here yesterday after several friends raving about it and seeing mixed reviews. Very disappointed. If you want to skip the details, skip the copy cat of Lennys and actually go to the Lennys on Central and Thomas, it's only 5 minutes away. Not worth trying.My wife ordered a 1/4lb w onion rings instead of fries (which he said was possible, pretty sure it was the owner), I ordered a 1/2lb with cheese with fries, and a large drink. It was $16 and change. First I thought there's no way having looked at their prices which are very reasonable, then thought well things add up. So I paid. Come to find out as I'm adding it on my phone as I wait for my food (as it was bothering me), the cashier basically just charged full price for the onion rings and we didn't get the fries. So that's annoying considering we paid for the fries anyways and didn't get them. Granted we wouldn't have eaten them but still, if you can't upgrade to onion rings for the difference then you can't say you can get them instead of fries. Charging full price for them and trying to hide it is shady.The service was friendly, there was no one there, so the food came out quick. My wife's burger was cooked normally but her bun was stale and it had only a few shreds of lettuce. My burger was the same only my bread was REALLY stale. The 1/2lb is two patties so requires a little "squishing", the bread was too stale to do this effectively. I'm not a complainer so I ate it. As far as the burger goes, seriously very chincy on the produce which helps make the burger, and the burger was eh, no taste other than grease, no seasoning, not juicy. Boring. Not even in the ballpark of the best fast burger in town. Shouldn't even be on the radar.Fries are decent, pretty sure they are the same as Lennys. Onion rings (12 per order) are nothing special, concerned a lot of other users say they are the best they have had. Perhaps this is really good "beer food". ????No refills on soda. Come on. Even Lennys (that they are copying) does refills for free or $0.50 depending on location. Soda syrup is so cheap it's insane. Knowing that we wouldn't be returning. It wanted to get the full experience as others really enjoyed the shakes. I was feeling fat from my uneventful burger, so I got a small Butterfinger shake. We took this to go and this was really good. Prices about average for the size.So all in all, unless you want a quick drive through, skip this place and go to Lennys. Same menu but smaller without the taste.
4	I came here a few weeks ago with my family to grab burgers and some fries for a quick dinner.  We used the drive thru and I ordered the  1/2 lb Lucky Burger with a side of green chilies and Swiss cheese.  It was well cooked, juicy and hot, but I didn't realize it would be served with so much mustard. Next time I'll just ask for no mustard as I think the mustard kinda overpowered the over flavors.  The green chilies and the Swiss cheese were wonderful options though.  (I have a soft spot for any burger place that offers either of those two as toppings.)   I also ordered some French fries with my burger and they were the perfectly cut, thick type of French fry that you think of when you get fries at a smaller burger establishment, not the skinny, homogenous looking creations you'll find at the large chain places.  Overall this was a good visit and I'll definitely be returning.
5	I would rather have Lucky Boy Burgers than the finest steak in Phoenix. The wait is short and the prices are beyond reasonable. I have rarely paid more than $8 for burgers, fries and a soda. Seriously, it is the best. Get the 1000 Island burger with cheese and prepare to have your tastebuds singing praises.
5	This place is so good !!! The owners are sweet people mmmmm I'm hungry now ,guess where I'm going ???hmmm
4	Loved it . We found a new burger place. The fresh made lemonade....awesome French fries was crisy on the outside soft on the inside
5	Service/10 wait/3min food quality/10First time ever, Had an international burger and chicken sandwich w/bbq sauce for my wife. Awesome burger and sandwich. REAL ingredients not a mechanically separated chicken patty and the burger was surprisingly tender and tasty. The fries are fresh cut and DELICIOUS hot AND cold! Considering it took me 30 minutes to get home and taste it a 10 doesnt do either meal justice
3	My boyfriend and I were craving a really, really good burger ... like the Grind good!  But since going to the Grind would have been way out of the way we decided on Lucky Boy Burger Shop.  I've heard mixed reviews on this place before but thought I'd give it a shot!We both order the 1/4 burger with fries.  His ordered his with bacon and cheese.  We both enjoyed his a little better.  Nothing super special as far as the taste of the burgers .. just a good ole' fashioned chard burger.Next time I'll skip the fries and get a shake.  My boyfriend order a banana-strawberry shake ... we both couldn't stop sipping the dern thing!  It was sooooo good!
4	Stopped in for a late lunch on a Thursday afternoon. Had the 1/4 burger with fries. Very good burger, hot crispy fries and good service.
4	Drop by here while traveling back home just to grab a burger and fries. I'm glad that the service was fast here. Not to mention, the quality of the burger I had here was great! Delicious and tasty. Fries were a bit soggy but still good.
4	This place is a no frills great burger place with really reasonable prices. Highly recommended.
5	Beyond delicious!!! Wonderful home made tasting burgers & fries. Bbq burger good & thousand island burger good
1	Typically I don't write a lot of reviews, but I've given this place several tries due to the high ratings. Each time I've come I ordered a cheeseburger with fries; every time my burger tasted like plastic.  I threw it away each time because I was actually concerned that perhaps they had cooked the sheet that separates the parties in with my burger. Friendly service is why I gave it one star; waited a long time, paid more than I felt was necessary, and did not eat more than two bites of my food.
5	Best fries!! Best milkshakes, the hamburger made me groan with pleasure!!
