3	An excellent place to go have a drink and not see people. The main bar area is incredibly narrow and long, and generally has a few people who have the aura of regulars sitting scattered along it. Such an odd mix of people. I've played a pick-up game of pool with a woman who wanted to join our game but apparently had never played pool in her life. I've gotten shooting pointers in broken English from a Greek man. A woman apologised profusely to me for her bad language just because I happened to be looking in her direction when she said something. Apparently, whatever it was, she felt the need to come over three times to apologise. More random people will be more friendly at Thunderbird's than at any other bar I've been to. For the location and kind of bar, Thunderbirds has a rather good beer selection and a number of beers on tap. And you can play pool. And you probably won't see anyone you know. It's not my favorite bar, but it's a good place to have a quiet drink. Unless there's a band playing, in which case you might want to go across the street to Belvedere's.
5	Incredibly amazing grilled cheese sandwiches, chicken fingers, what have you!I really have only been to the t-bird for karaoke on a Tuesday but it is always a good time, especially,  if Pappy is around to sing a song or 3. The upstairs is better, as there is a patio type thing and you can observe the singing action below. Additionally, the place is fun..... I think there is a cafe scene painted on at least one of the walls. There is a pool table as well. Maybe I like this place best because it always brings in a mixed crowd... it is clearly the next best thing after sports.
5	Awesome, get drunk eat some food. Awesome staff!
2	Very long and narrow -- kind of 2 1/2 stories with a small stage in the middle. Not a great venue for seeing concerts due to the small size (unless the artists are really unpopular). As a bar, it seems like a fine place with the exception that they still allow smoking. The food was pretty horrible, but they have a decent selection of draft beers.
4	I like this place.  Humble and comfortable. I like the setup with two floors that both look at the stage. I have seen local bands here and we watched the Super Bowl here too.  A good time!  I haven't tried the food, but there is a really great selection of beers at reasonable prices.  Being in walking distance of my house helps.  I should also mention that it's within walking distance of tons of other bars and restaurants, in case you feel the need to migrate or get some post-bar pizza.
3	This is a good low-key place to hang out with friends during the week. It's the right kind of crowded--not elbow to elbow, but there are always people there who are friendly, having fun, and they have a serviceable pool table.  Karaoke draws and interesting crowd and is low key. The bartenders, particularly Christine, are nice and competent. Wide selection of beers on tap, reasonably priced.
5	sexy bartenders and WIRELESS! food and great happy hour deals!its like a black hole. once your there.. you want to stay there.
4	I've never had a bad time at the Thunderbird.  The food is always good, the drinks are always well priced, the barstaff is always kind and fun to talk to.  They have some good bands come through, and some terrible bands.  Be careful of that.  Also, watch that there isn't a cover charge before you decide to head down there, unless you want to discover a new band.
5	Great Microbrew selection!  Great Live Music!  Great Bar Food!I have seen at least 20 bands perform at the Thunderbird Cafe over the past year and have enjoyed myself every time.  There is a small dance floor for shaking your booty, club seating for taking it easy, and a surprisingly good kitchen that is open late every night.
4	Not sure why Ryan thinks only unpopular bands would play here. Some of pittsburgh's local finest play here and draw big. Also nationally touring acts. They come for the good sound and the ood regular crowd. This place has well placed bars. One upstairs from the stage so you can sit if you like and not have to leave the band area to get another drink. And the other far enough away that you can still have a conversation but also hear the band.
4	This place is awesome.  I went to see a show there earlier this week and not only were the bands great, but the atmosphere is nice and cozy.  You don't realize when you get in that there's a whole back area with a stage and two tiered seating.  My friends and I got a table on the upper level.  One complaint I had was that for some reason they didn't turn on the heat and it was like 20 something degrees outside.  And I get the whole, when more people come in it will get warmer, but even when more people came in, it unfortunately didn't get wamer for those in the audience.  The coldness was distracting to the show.  I ordered the blackened chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The fries were amazing, they were fresh and hot and delightfully tasty!  So on to the blackened chicken sandwich (bcs)...I'm biased because the Harris Grill bcs is the BEST bcs you will ever have.  And I'm going to stick with that even after trying the Thunderbird's attempt at a bcs.  I don't want you to think that it was awful, it was really fresh and if I had ordered a "grilled" chicken sandwich then it would have been fantastic, but I didn't so I was disappointed.  The flavor or spiciness was not there...occassionaly I tasted a faint hint of blackening spices but it quickly vanished.  I'll definitely check this place out again and I'll eat something different so I don't compare it with the holy Harris Grill BCS :)
4	I saw a Bluegrass show here last weekend and was very happily surprised.  It's a great venue for bands who are a little off the beaten path and the crowd seemed really excited.   Like other reviews have stated, the set-up of the bar leaves a lot to be desired.  The front bar is long and narrow with barely enough room to scoot by to reach the stage.  Other than that, it is definitely a place I would check out again!
4	Nice little bar with pool table & a great Rolling Stones pinball machine with Steel Wheels era Mick & band. Super nice staff and decent bar food. I may have to go back just for the "That's a Wrap" chicken wrap with lemon hummus & veggies. Sweet potato fries were thin and sweet. Band stage is in a small spot in the back w/ two levels of cramped seating. As small as the space is, many swing dancers were cutting a rug when we saw Miss Tess & the Bon Ton Parade! Super good. Only downsides were smoking - and  LOTS of it and the dank/dirty ladies room with a rubber mat covering God only knows what. It's super chilly in the front bar in winter so dress warmly.
4	Cool small music venue in L-ville. Came here to see the NY Funk Exchange a few weeks ago and wasn't disappointed. Thunderbird is dark, dingy, and an intimate setting to see live music. The bar is upfront and the stage in the back.  The stage area has a split level kinda thing going on. Right in front you can stand and/or dance. Right behind is an elevated area where you can sit and tables and enjoy the music if you so choose. Covers probably vary with the band, but the Saturday night we came I think it was $5. Not bad at all! Keep Thunderbird in mind if you are looking for some live music in a low key bar.
3	i went here for the first time last week. pretty cool place. there was a band and it wasn't extremely crowded. really, nothing that special but not a bad venue for a band, and prices were totally reasonable. not somewhere i'd rave about but definitely somewhere i'll go back!UPDATE. so i went back to the thunderbird twice this week. again, as a bar, nothing special, not that great but not bad either. but i'm liking it more and more for the music. apparently every tuesday they have space exchange, basically a jazz-style open mic kind of thing. this week was beatles themed and it was amazing. the second show i went to had a $15 cover, which in my opinion is pretty steep. but you didn't have to pay if you sat at the bar, which you could still easily hear the band from.
4	This place was pretty bangin'.  I was visiting Pittsburgh a few weeks back and some friends and I hit this place up for a quick dinner before heading to our destination.  Bar is old and worn and just the way I like it.  We rolled in around 9pm and the place was already packed with folks ready for a rockin' show.  Nothing but smiles and good spirits.  Worked our way through to the stage and up the stairs for more space.  This joint is laid out nicely.  Bar up front, stage in the back and you can get upstairs to the loft for a view out of the fray and another bar and food.  One of the first things I noticed when I settled in were the ash trays on the tables.  Ash trays on tables?  Does this mean?  Could this mean?  YES!!!  We can smoke in this bar!  You can still smoke in certain spots in Pittsburgh.  Now, I'm not a big smoker and don't go all Lewis Black when I can't smoke but after living 5 years in a smoke-free city a little vacation to Pittsburgh just gave me a little more freedom for the weekend.  Smoke if ya got'em.  OK, back to the biznezz.  Bartender was busy but she was most efficient.  Hot damn!  They sell Bells Oberon in these here parts.  1 Oberon please!  Ordered a burger and it was most bangin'.  I liked everything about this place. Food, folks, fun, nice layout. This place was a good call.
2	The Thunderbird is another one of those situations where I wish I could assign 1/2 stars.  So for now, I'm going with 2.I lived in the neighborhood for a number of years, so I've been quite a few drunken nights here.  Somehow it seems easier to tolerate on a drunken night than on a "I'm just going to have a couple of drinks" night.  My last visit was the weekend before Xmas to see some bluegrass.  We got there early enough to get a seat in the balcony and it was freezing.  I'm not talking just a little cold, I meant cold enough that I was still cold while wearing my down coat at the table.  BRRRRR.  I figured they knew they were going to draw a crowd and were anticipating the heat that would come with said crowd.  Ok, whatever.They definitely drew a crowd - when the bands started, it was impossible to move around at all in any area of the bar.  People lining both sets of steps, packing the balcony, packing the area in front of the stage, packing the downstairs bar.  It really made me wonder if they ever think about fire codes.  I realize that makes me sound like an old stick in the mud, but come on people, it was crowded.  And miserable to get up and move.It's also fairly overpriced - I ordered a couple of Stoli vodka sodas, and was blown away when my tab showed up.  Definitely not worth the price of the drinks.  And finally, only in PA, you can still smoke in here.  That alone makes me want to stay away.  I realize it's legal, and they try to control it, but it's been a long time since I've been in a bar where you can smoke, and guess what?  It's still miserable!
2	Very cute little venue to see a live show! Terrible food and service.
2	Some definite problems as a venue.  There is smoking in the bar up front, which creates problems for people who want to watch the shows.  The building is long and narrow, and the shows can be extremely crowded, with most of the audience standing.  Often difficult to see the stage.  Yes, this place has a lot of charm, but they could do a lot to improve the space as a performance venue.
4	Live Bluegrass and fine Bourbon?  *Raises Hand*I really like Thunderbirds, a lot.  It's not the best bar in the 'Burgh, but it definitely has a niche and does well with it.  I really enjoy the bands this place attracts and I feel they do a good job presenting them.  Sitting on their balcony during a show is a load of fun because the sound is good, but you can still have a strained conversation and have fun with your pals.  Thunderbird also have a good variety of craft beers and I think they're average priced.  BUT certain music just goes better with Bourbon and Thunderbird does have the good Kentucky swill.  So, I challenge you to find a place in Pittsburgh where you can sit back, drink Basil Hayden's, and listen to live Bluegrass or Irish Folk Rock.
2	This place is tiny. If this place were a dog, it would be one of those small yipping dog that doesn't realize how tiny it is because they blast the music like they're Consol Energy Center, featuring JT. And don't go unless you're over the age of 40 because that seems to be the trend. Actually that's probably why the music is so loud...so all those elders can hear it!
4	One of my favorite small venues in town. They're good supporters of local music, and the food and drinks are incredibly well-priced. I wish the whole place was non-smoking, but if you're lucky, the upstairs might be set off that way due to the band's preference. (Upstairs also has the better view of the bands.)It's a reliable, affordable night-on-the-town spot where you can grab a bite, have some drinks, and hear some good music. And the clientele is generally very friendly!
4	Decent dive with good prices and ok beer selection. Lots of local live music.
3	Eh, hit or miss here. Seen some good shows and some not-so-good shows. The bluegrass shows are typically good. The crowd is hit-or-miss too. I've been here some nights where people couldn't move because it was so packed, but I've also been around on Saturday nights where less than a dozen people are sitting at the bar. From what I remember, the cover at this place is usually pretty high- I've come up some nights, looked in, and just decided to go somewhere else on Butler. I'll cross my fingers hoping that it's a good night for anyone who decides to go.
3	Ahh, where to start...this is a sad tale of an eh-OK bar with a terrible menu that briefly experimented with something amazing; fancy tacos. I used to do my laundry next door and one day while having a beer waiting for towels to dry, I noticed that their menu had changed. The food options went from boring old bar staples to fancy tex-mex tacos and burritos (along with some great apps and sides). It went from mainly  meat to veg friendly and even featured a vegan burrito (which was ah-ma-zing). For months I endured rain, cold and snow, douche bag bro dudes pre-gaming before heading to Industry...all for those tacos. Now they're gone. Just like that. The cook took an offer somewhere else and apparently ditched his taco shtick for some god awful, vomit inducing, artery clogging pile of dump in a deep fryer (I'm assuming). So, they've reverted to the old menu of burnt bean burgers and soggy fries. So, we're back to the same old Thunderbird dive, full of cigarette smoke, old grubby drunks, bad food and mediocre bands.
4	pretty smoky inside, but the food is good + not bad for seeing live bands
4	Stopped here randomly on a Friday night. It was such a good, cool place. They had a funk band playing. A lot of really awesome people there, super easy to make friends and have a good time.
4	Cool local bar that doesn't take itself too seriously.  The hipsters were not particularly in evidence, just some Sunday night regulars.  The beer selection is pretty rockin', although my stout wasn't that great.There's an Iron Man pinball machine, and an upstairs area I didn't check out.  Would definitely come back if I'm in Pittsburgh again - would love to check out some live music.
4	Until recently the last time I had been here was about 10 years ago. I recall that they have some really talented acts coming through and that the Thunderbird was the beacon of Butler Street. Now that Lawrencevile is seeing a revitalization (yay!!) it's good to see that the Thunderbird is still a fixture. We visited for a post-family much needed nightcap in thanksgiving day. A few regulars were there but no bands performing. In all honesty I was surprised by the drink prices that are higher than some of my other favorites in the area. However, I would definitely return the next time I'm in the hood.
