5	I have been working with Dr. Golpa for about a year now. I have a dental practice in West Los Angeles where he frequently visits to place implants for my patients.  He is an amazing dentist and a great person.  His implants are one of the best I have ever seen and patients are always very happy.
1	Dr. Golpa has been my dentist for over 10 years.  I have never been so disappointed in a doctor as a patient until just recently when I scheduled an appt. for a broken tooth, and what I thought was a broken filling.  After taking off work with special request and sacrificing 2 hours of prime sales time at work to have him fix my tooth, after an hour getting there, x-rays and waiting, he sends his assistant to tell me "they don't take insurance patients anymore."  She informed me the cost was $1000 for a porcelain inlay.  I was beyond upset - the time to tell me this was not when I was sitting in his chair, it should have been when I called to make the appt.   I bought special PPO insurance just to go to him.  I decided to make an appt. at another dr. that took my insurance.  Dr. Golpa did not even bother to come look at the tooth when I told his assistant I was in pain, he just wrote a scrip for pain meds.  When I finally got another appt. at a dentist (emergency appt.) Saturday because I was in so much pain they sent me home from work Friday night early, I was told that an inlay (filling) was not even needed.  This dentist showed me pictures of the lacerations under my tongue that the broken tooth with a jagged edge had caused, and simply filed it down in 5 minutes.  Dr. Golpa could have done this in 5 minutes.  Instead he wanted money, and didn't give a shit about a loyal patient for 10 years who has sent him referrals upon referrals.  Dr. Golpa if you end up reading this, you have shown the worst side of what success can do to a professional.  You care nothing about the people who have made you successful.  You care only about your money.  Don't go to this dentist, his staff since Rachel left are all idiots and Dr. Golpa will leave you with a knife cutting the inside of your mouth instead of helping you, and then try charging you for something you don't even need.  SHAME, that's all I can say.Kristine P.  Summerlin
1	To be clear, I have not had implants done by Dr. Golda, nor am I a competitor. Ironically, after more research, I may decide to have my implants done by him. There are MANY things about his practice that puts up red flags for me: He was sanctioned by the Nevada Denal Board in 2013 and required to complete additional courses in record keeping and in dental implants (looks like two verified patient complaints in 2012). Additionally, when I called to set my appointment, she actually wanted a $5,000 phone deposit (to schedule surgery even prior to my first visit). When I balked at this, she would only agree to initial consultation if I paid a $500 non-refundable deposit prior to visit (all other practices I have called offer free cat-scan and initial consultation). I would have gladly paid this, had I been able to verify his credentials, which sadly I was not. The person scheduling appt. (Keally, I believe her name was) told me TWICE that Golpa was an oral surgeon. I can find NO verification of this. His "work" under a Dr. Mola who supposedly developed this zygot all-in-4 procedure (I could have the wrong name), that has an institute out of New Jersey, has no means to verify validity of Golpa.
5	I am guilty of depending on reviews however, I rarely write them. I did however feel compelled to participate here. I am a very satisfied patient of Dr. Golpa. I had the all on 4 procedure done approximately 19 months ago and have not one complaint in fact I have nothing but praise and respect for Dr. Golpa and his staff. They gave me my smile back and because of my smile and my positive experience my sister has recently had the All on Four done and she too is overwhelmed. With this being said I must now lash out at the authors of the two reviews I just read.Firstly  Anne K, you are completely off hear my dear. I am sure you did your research on Dr. Golpa...but apparently not a very good one. I on the other hand not only did I research but I had 4 of my office staff researching before I flew out to Vegas to have my work done... so let me help you out here with some things before you go around bashing good people.1. Any business owner service, medical or otherwise (myself included) offer FREE CONSULTATIONS all the time, we do this because after all it's only "time" trust me, if you go with the service you are receiving the consultation for that one hour we spend with you is eventually billed....that's just how business works HOWEVER...there is no business that is going to give you "material" for free. That's just absurd. Samples maybe but you are expecting FREE CAT-SCAN?? That is something awfully expensive and furthermore why would any doctor offer you that for free?? That becomes part of your medical record. Does it even make sense to you that  you could have an expensive FREE CAT SCAN done and then not have the procedure yet be entitled to your FREE CAT SCAN because it is now part of your medical file. Please I hope you are reading this and can provide me the name with a Dr that is willing to do this...I will fly out to Vegas just to have this done.2. Here is Dr. Golpa's  credentials....I would like to know where the heck you looked because you SADLY did not do a good job...And by the way the Malo Clinic and Dr Malo are in PORTUGAL not NEW JERSEYMedical SchoolUniversity of Southern California / School of Dentistry    Graduated in 1995 Internship HospitalMalo Clinic, Portugal    Complete in 2005 Residency HospitalMalo Clinic, Portugal    Complete in 2005 Fellowship HospitalInternational Congress Of Oral Implantologists    Complete in 2002 3. WOW...I certainly would be skeptical of a dentist who has maybe a staff member who didn't keep good records or a system crash...Seriously?? I think I would be more interested in Malpractices or Sanctions but hey if all your T's are crossed and I's dotted...that's great  Malpractice Claims     No malpractice history found for Nevada.0 Sanctions    No sanctions history found 1 Board Action 4. Yes, Dr Golpa does ask for a deposit and rightfully so. I too questioned it and received a legitimate answer that satisfied me. I was told that to schedule the appointment, to have the expensive material (titanium posts) allocated, to have the anesthesiologist and medications they ask for a deposit. As a business owner that makes sense to me, before I begin a project I require 30% of total cost before I step foot on your property.....You must live in FREEVILLE....where things are free and therefore can't understand why a deposit would be needed. Smh....5. Check out the name of the thingy you want to have done it's called ALL ON FOUR PROCEDURE ... I haven't come across it written as ALL ON FOUR SURGERY. I am pretty sure you can go to your family doctor and have a cyst or boil lanced with a scalpel and then stitched. That is called a procedure. You wouldn't necessarily have to go to a surgeon to have that cyst lanced.Listen all I can say to you is that I hope you are just a competitor faking as a perspective patient because you are completely off course. I will tell you how HAPPY I am with Dr Golpa and his whole staff that I gave permission to them to offer my telephone number to anyone who wants to hear about my experience and journey.... Please feel free to call me if you'd like so we can compare notes... I think I gave you a few details on how thoroughly I investigated before I had my procedure.
