4	Helpful and knowledgeable.  Definitely worth checking out for flooring needs.
4	Paradise Tile was the first and only place I called when I needed to get new flooring for my home. We were moving into a new house and needed new carpet. I called Cosimo and he gave me great personalized attention. We went to the store to pick out carpet we might want. He met me at my soon to be home, measured, and brought the carpet samples with him that we had selected. He gave us a quote right then and there. I wanted the job to get done immediately upon us receiving the keys to the new house, and he made it happen. It was a large job, but he has a great installer and we are very happy with the result. Thanks Cosimo!
5	I just happened upon Cosimo's store and am so grateful I did. I was at my wit's end in my then unsuccessful search for the perfect tile for my kitchen backsplash. Cosimo came through, and his installer did an excellent job. My experience was so good, I was determined that I would get my hardwood floors from him. Again, he really cared for me and my project, and I am ecstatic with the result. The installer was a perfectionist who was also friendly and considerate as well as professional. I will continue to use Cosimo for all my tile and flooring projects. Just can't say enough nice about my experience. Karen Moore
5	After much shopping, I chose Cosimo, owner of Paradise Tile and Stone to handle the  installation of new tile flooring and fireplace surrounds throughout my 2400 sq. ft. house. Cosimo has many years of tile experience and offered excellent value at a reasonable price point.   Before the job even began, Cosimo visited my home twice to help select the best product for the situation and to discuss how to protect my possessions during the demolition and installation process.  His tile laying team were artists of their craft.  Throughout the project, Cosimo was easily available for questions.  His customer service is excellent.   I love my new tile and would choose Paradise a Tile and Stone again.
5	Was shopping for wood floors for the house, when i found this place on Yelp. Luckily it is close to my house, so my girl and i cruised on down to check it out. We walked in, and from out of nowhere comes the owner Cosimo. What a great experience we had here. He suggested alternatives which we went with and it worked out perfectly. We purchased flooring that day. I would highly recommend Cosimo for another project for our house....thanks so much Cosimo.
5	We just got our granite countertops installed today and I couldn't be happier!  Everything went smoothly from picking out our slab to the end finish!  I love it.  Thank you Cosimo.  It was a pleasure doing business with you again!
