1	We have frequented this restaurant for a few times, but today was the last!  As Kathy R. explains, the place is very dirty, food is less than mediocre and the staff is not professional.  There were no napkins or forks without asking, and the malt vinegar, which is a must for fish and chips, was split among several bottles, (all with a greasy feeling) and if totaled would not have equaled a tablespoon.  I would not invite ANYONE there for even a free meal!!!
3	Son and I wondered in here.  This isn't exactly our hood, but we were near by for my daughter's soccer practice.  The staff person came immediately to ask us what we wanted.  We were only there for root beer floats, but when son saw some of the other treats, he couldn't make up his mind.  He had a polar (something), like a blizzard.  I had a large A&W root beer float.  We were served quickly.Place didn't look terribly clean, like the other reviews report.  But I saw the staffer wash her hand before touching food, so can't be too bad.  Parking is slightly retarded, tho.
1	Terribly slow and incompetent service. There was a line when I got there, with only one person serving food and taking orders/payments. It took forever for me to finally get to place my order, the manager came up a few times to help the girl find certain buttons or whatnot on the register, but then would always disappear. I waited quite a long time for my food, and watched as half of my order was prepared - then the cashier started taking the order for a large family - while my food sat there getting cold. She couldn't find things on the register - again - so the manager came up to help. I pulled the manager aside and told her I wanted my money back, since it had taken so long, and after all that waiting ... my food was sitting there just getting cold instead of being delivered. She NEVER apologized, she just said that the girl was being trained. I told the manager that if the girl was being trained, someone else needed to be up there helping her. Again, no apology - just attitude from the manager as she went to another register to process my refund. I think her name was Monica, the manager. TERRIBLE terrible uncaring service, will NEVER return. (There were at least 3 people there but only one person - the trainee - working.)
3	I was getting out of work late, and I hate to be "that" person who is always at the store, or the restaruant when they are about to close.I got there about 915/920, and the lobby is only open til 930, with the drive thru closing at ten. The girl who took my order through the speaker was kind, and patient.It did take a good 8 minutes to get my food, but I understand that there are closing procedures that needed to be done. When I ordered, I asked for all the sauces, which I did end up getting....without asking again.The hushpuppies were a little too done. But everything else was fine.
1	The employees are not nice, they had the nerve to give my friend old fries, and the dining area was not clean. 0000000 STARS!!!!
5	Certainly not as the other reviews stated. Went in for fish and fries. Ordered my food promptly,  to very friendly and competent employee. She said about 6 minutes as they would make fresh food. Very clean except bathroom could use a little work. 8 minutes later order was complete and being bagged. Big fan of LJS, plus picked up root beer from AW for floats later.
