4	Decent atmosphere, good food, great prices and polite staff.  I highly recommend the Dim Sum, Egg Drop soup (with the fried noodles, of course!) and their Chow Mein Noodles.  There were a couple of dishes that we didn't care for, but all in all it was a good restaurant for the price!
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Compared to what I think are 4 star buffets like in North Las Vegas, like at Aliante casino, China Star doesn't quite have the variety or quality. China Star's lunch buffet, thoughis a decent value at $6.00 or so for adults. Dinner is $9. I'd rather go to a sit down place, and have less but better food and better service. But we deeiced to try this hugely popular place in North Vegas.My nephews, who are half Samoan, love this place.  They are 10 and 14 but are built like they are 14 and 18 year olds and eat that way, too.  The older one LOVES one of their dinner-only entrees: the fresh water crawfish from the same muddy waters you'd find catfish. They're boiled, so simple and delicious.  It  takes a lot of them to make you full because only the tail of this mini lobster is typically eaten.  He piles them on his plate along with rice, fried chicken, and veggies (because his uncle (ME) says he needs too!).  But all that food and he's still hungry. Thankfully, it's all you can eat so  he just gets another plateful...just like everyone else here. I swear some people get three or four plates..They have OK tasking siu mai, potstickers, and egg rolls, several types of veggies, and several chicken  dishes such as General Tso's, sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, as well as boiled shrimp, various noodles, BBQ pork and beef with veggies and more. They have some egg drop and won ton soup which isn't so great. Even good soup gets blah if they sit too long. They have a lot of people going through the doors, so they continuously make small batches of the 30 something dishes. Dessert had some fresh fruit, almond cookies, fortune cookies, and jello.   There really isn't an atmosphere. - it's a buffet, after all The lighting is bright and the tables are close together.  There are people who remove plates as you go up to get another plateful, and fill your soda glass. I am stuffed when I leave here and my nephews are too, until they get home and watch TV and start in on popcorn.
1	The ONLY reason I give this place a star is because they had fried tilapia. This has to be the worst Chinese buffet ever. Not only was the food bland and not at correct temperatures (cold fries, really?!), there weren't any labels to let you know what you were looking at. MY GUESS IS AS GOOD AS YOURS game got real old, real quick. The presentation (i.e. personal rice cooker) gave me the impression they didn't even try. And the over all cleanliness was just plain pathetic. Their bathrooms are disgusting. How much rust are you really going to allow to sit there till it's taken care of? The trash in the woman's bathroom was well over filled and the stench was beginning to take on a life of it's own. The staff was.... present. I highly recommend this place to people who have never eaten at a good Chinese restaurant so that way they have no expectations and won't be disappointed. Everyone else, take my advise and look the other way.
1	This buffet has got to be the most disgusting place in Las Vegas. The restrooms were nasty, the food was cold, the food was mis labeled. The Asian workers didnt seem to care when I told them that food was cold.... I will never visit this nasty buffet again unless I hear that they have cleaned it up and improved the temperature of the food. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO ELSEWHERE
1	Will not go back again, the food looked slimey, lack of choice in selection, food was not hot, just kind of warm.  Families with kids running around buffet area being loud and annoying.  Sat in the back and waiter for that section just stood by our table looking at everyone all weird,  no thanks china star
4	Had a god experience dining here food was good and service was pleasant
4	LOVE this place (if only for the music lol). Lunch - $7, Dinner - $9.69 is a solid value for this medium to large sized local buffet. They have CRAWFISH!!! Now unfortunately the cleanliness of the men's restroom leaves something to be desired but you don't go to a place for the restrooms unless its Seamless strip club.Try the egg flower soup, eggrolls, peanut butter chicken, CRAWFISH, broccoli beef, siu mai, won tons, baked mussels and scallops.STAY AWAY - sushi, pizza
3	Let's get a couple of things straight first, this is a buffet style Chinese restaurant with a very affordable price tag (around $20 for two).  That means...don't expect 5 Star food.  Let's be honest, when was the last time you spent $10 on any buffet and thought the food was "as good as it gets"? That's what I thought.  But if you know of a place, hit me up.China Star Buffet is located in North Las Vegas off Craig Rd.  I've been here about 3 times in the last 2 years and each time was because one of my team members wanted to eat here.  I take my team out for lunch just as a reward every once in awhile.  I give them the choice where to eat and they usually pick something cheap.  I'm not complaining, that just means less expenses for me.  I still think they select something cheap so that I don't expect more from them, lol.  Anyways, China Star Buffet seems to be their favorite. This restaurant has your basic Chinese buffet food like wontons, egg drop soup, sweet/sour chicken, wannabe sushi, fish, skewers, crispy noodles, fried rice, and even pieces of pizza.  Everything listed happens to be everything I've tried and the food is just okay.  But again, I don't expect too much from establishments like this.  The service is A+.  This might be because I have a Chinese last name.  Yeah I'm one of those that flashes my ID at places like this to get superior service, joke only.  But seriously, the service has always been great from being seated quickly, drinks kept full, table cleaned, and check provided when needed. Overall, I cannot give this place no less than 3 stars because you get what you pay for and the food quality is what they strive for.  PS:  On my last visit, my fortune cookie read "Learn Chinese".  Rosetta Stone here I come.
3	Don't expect Strip quality/style buffet. This is a local spot for locals.This place is a favorite buffet for my parents who look for local and less expensive than the casinos nearby.Service is good as expected when they serve a packed house. The food is decent and flavorful. It really reminds me of a hole-in-the-wall type Chinese restaurant with really discounted lunch specials.On this occasion, I stuck with the fried shrimp, mussels, and their version of sushi. Again, discounted Chinese food in a buffet style. No frills. Nothing special. Nothing too bad.
4	Great buffet for a great price A lot of good food for you $$I recommend This
5	As far as cheap buffets go, this is the best one I've ever been to. Great tasting food, friendly staff, and excellence in cleanliness, specially given that it's an inexpensive buffet. Everything I tried was good. If you're on a budget and want to eat at a buffet,  this is the place to go. By the way, I've eaten at the Rio and the Monte Carlo buffets and by comparison this deserves 5 starts for it's level difference.
2	Came here for a birthday dinner and I wasn't impressed with the food. The atmosphere was typical, clean and the staff were friendly. I looked under the hoods (as advised from previous posts) and there were still a couple mildew spots. Tried a smidgen of everything and nothing tasted fresh. Safe to say I didn't go back for seconds on anything and I'm probably not going to be returning unless of course another free meal is being offered. But even then I'll have to really like the person I'm going for!
1	It should it should be called china trash for the absolutely disgusting food.. Nothing but a whole bunch of Mexicans fighting over crabs  and shrimp will never come back hopefully I wont diarrhea warning stay away!!
1	In one word YUCK!  There isn't a very big selection to choose from. The walls are disgusting. There is grease and nastiness oozing from the walls. The top of the saracha bottles are caked in black goop. We never got a refill on our drinks. Our "waitress" was too busy chatting it up with the other employees to even check on us. We definitely will not be back and I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Worst food ever... It was cold. The crab was verrrry small, fried. They did not even offer butter for it.  I don't recommend this place and will NEVER go back there!
4	Have eaten here twice,  tons of choices everything tasted fine, good price, recommend it.
1	Having lived all over the us, I have been to many crappy Chinese buffets. I did read the review on this one and thought it was worth a try... Mistake I made...lunch buffet was 13.00 for the worse quality food known to man. For the first time in my life I am worried about getting sick... Stay away...
