4	Awesome shoe and handbag selection.  Very small store, not much room to sit down, but also very shopper-friendly.  The sales associate was really nice and helpful, and didn't give any sass or anything, even though we had her go and get a billion shoes.  The price of the shoes was pretty reasonable.  Not super cheap, but not mind-numbingly expensive either.They had a good sale going on when I went there, which lead me to buy the most adorable pair of burgandy Jessica Simpson flats which kill me, but are so cute I just suck it up and walk.  Both of my friends bought equally adorable pair of shoes each.We left very satisfied.
4	A little hidden gem at the shoppes of The Venetian. It's small, but with a pretty good selection. The shoes are pretty reasonable price and the sales associate is not at all aggressive. Browse, select on your own time. A quick coffee run with out the SO turned out to be a shoe splurge. Ladies, if you need a pair of shoes to match that new fit that you found over at Fashion Mall, Shoooz is the perfect mating place. :-)
5	Best shoe experience! I have rather large feet for a 5'4" girl... Julie gathered the shoes I requested and brought another pair she hoped I would like. My initial choice looked horrible. Her pick fit like a dream and were promptly added to my collection. Julie was friendly, helpful and made my experience awesome!
5	One phrase to sum up this spot: TOP-NOTCH customer service! I would GLADLY pay double to receive the type of service I received here just because it was that amazing. Ladies, you won't find this type of experience anywhere nowadays. Here's my story:I visited the weekend of 12/22/12 and always shop around the area. I frequent the Strip when I'm in town (and I come to Vegas ever other month!) and have been pleased with all my purchases. I was waiting around for my boyfriend and thought I'd jump into this place and try out a few pair. They had a pair of over-the-knee Madden boots for sale and I was stoked since it came in my size. By the time my bf arrived, I was ready to pay for these amazing boots.Unfortunately, I felt so disappointed and utterly sad! As of 12/31/12 the shoe has completely fallen apart. The soft heel part fell off as I was walking! There's a huge hole that exposes the entire wedge shaft and its uneven when I walk. I live in the SF Bay Area in CA so there's no snow, rain or rough terrain worth a damn that could wreck these shoes this badly. The heel came completely off and left a huge visible hole at the bottom of my 9-day old boots.I thought I was out of $70. I was mid-writing up the most horrible review on here. I paused and figured I should just call up this location and ask before proceeding since I'm within the 10-day returns period (9-days). I'm so glad that I did!Julie answered the phone when I called on NYE. I explained to her what happened and kindly asked if there was anything they could do. I braced to be shot down and given the whole "sorry, tough luck" speech. Julie shocked me when she apologized and ask if I had the receipt still. I said possibly since I threw away a bunch of things recently and the receipt may have been tossed out.  She allowed me to call her back after I searched for it. I (gratefully) found the receipt and called Julie back. She immediately took down my information to send me a packaging return label so that I could return my busted shoe! Holy... crap. I was completely blown away. I did not think they would even offer me a smirk since I'm not local to physically return the boots.I repeat: buy your shoes here, BUY YOUR SHOES HERE! If there's any issues with it, they will take care of it. Just remember to keep your receipt.
