5	Good decor, food same best American Chinese you can find in Phoenix, I like  crispy duck, sizzling soup is must soup for me
5	New beautiful restaurant. Same great food and drink with a few additions. Fabulous wine list..  The owners are wonderful hosts.  As for the wait staff, they are knowledgeable, friendly and will take special orders if possible. The  Peking Duck is to die for . The sweet  and pungent Shrimp are huge and spicy. Egg rolls are best in thre valley. They also have nightly specials which are interesting and tasty.  .My regular waiter Francis is so professional!!!   Bottom line, the Jade Palace is a culinary exerience, Hue and Devlin the owners will ensdure a perfect experience. Give it a try you will enjoy it.  Ron and Sandie T
5	I've been a big fan of Jade Palace for many years. The old location was a favorite and I'm happy to say the new location boasts the same great, fresh food, the same dedicated service and the same level of caring hospitality. New York egg roll, chicken fried rice, sizzling beef and scallops are dishes I have enjoyed over the years.. I like the new upscale decor as well as the bar area. Always a convenient and delicious choice in North Scottsdale!
4	Jade Palace knows service extremely well...In fact it is legendary. How and why...the owners are true hosts and show examples that every restaurant owner should abide by. You are always greeted in a warm and friendly manner and the food gets usually cooked at lightning speed.  I cannot fault Jade Palace for anything as each and every one of my experiences dining there has been flawless and the food memorable, plentiful, and the  the prices reasonable. When ordering food for take out, I am always offered a drink which I think is a nice touch. My favourite item on the menu is the hot and spicy eggplant with chicken.Enough said...don't be shy..Order out or dine in. you are guaranteed a fabulous experience at Jade Palace.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: I love this place!  Not only do they have the best upscale gourmet Chinese food in North Scottsdale, they have a super friendly staff and an opulent new location. I had the pleasure of dining at Jade Palace last night and I was blown away. I've been to the new location before but it was only to pickup a to-go order I called in. Last night I got to enjoy the new location in all its glory and if is gorgeous. We sat at the bar and even though there was a decent crowd, the service was among the most attentive I've experienced in a long time.  The manager and/or owner, Devlin personally greeted us with a hand shake and a giant smile.  He is an excellent host and his staff is super friendly, as well as knowledgable. The food was incredible. I enjoyed one of the finest prepared filets of my life. It was cast iron skillet seared and out of this world. Yes. Steak in a Chinese restaurant!!!  Do yourself and your palate a flavor and trust me here. Order the filet! Medium Rare. I'm not even sure if it's on the menu. Ask for it.   Thank me later!We also had an egg roll specially prepared extra spicy. It was delicious. It's no wonder why this is the local go to place for gourmet Chinese food!
5	Best chinese I have had so far in the valley. Atmosphere is 10/10 -bar is great for a quick meal and some football on thursday nightFriendly staff - checkFood - 10/10 --Had beef mongolian and general Tso's chicken and it was great. going to try filet next time for sure. If only they delivered......
5	I'm a Scottsdale local who loves Asian food, and Jade Palace is the BEST!!! Authentic Chinese recipes, with the freshest ingredients, and always 5-Star service:) Try it! They're on Pima, just south of Troon North, oh and on Sundays you can watch the Cardinals play, on their big screens, at the super posh bar!
5	We recently tried this place and the food is amazing. The food is seasoned very well. The service is excellent. They are very busy. I highly recommend making a reservation even for a weekday. Love this place & we will be back.
5	Wow!Party of four celebrating a special event could not have asked for a more special evening.Duck lettuce wraps were to die for.Moo goo gai pan was delicious.Beef lo mein had firm noodles and a wonderful sauce.Jumbo shrimp with mixed vegetables had lots of shrimp which were jumbo indeed.Each of the dishes we ordered was tasty, fresh, hot and delicious! Plenty of white and brown steamed rice. The oolong tea was great. We must have gone through four pots.The service was that of a fine dining establishment. Very friendly and tentative. Our server (Porter) did a great job from start to finish!We will definitely be back!!
3	Have been to there former locations a couple of times, but that was over a year ago.  I get my haircut in the same center as there new location, so they were fresh in my mind when we found ourselves in the area.  So, takeout here we come.  Nice new digs, and the bar area is huge improvement.We sat at the bar ordered a drink and ordered our takeout.  We ordered the Four Seasons and House Lo Mein.  As usual the food was ready in what seemed like seconds (How do Chinese restaurants do that?).The Four Seasons was okay, but the beef is to be avoided.  It's spongy.  That's a bout the only way for me to describe it.  The shrimp were perfect and along with the sauce made the dish. The few pieces of broccoli were really good, but a few more veggies would have been great.The House Lo Mein was nearly ALL noodles.  Not sure there was any shrimp, chicken, or pork hiding in all those carbs.Staff was nice and service was fine.The menu is huge and I'll go back and try other items.  The search for great Chinese food in this part of the Valley continues.
5	Jade is one of my all-time favorite places for high quality Asian cuisine and incredible atmosphere. My coworkers told me about this place a couple years ago and I've loved it ever-since. Now with the new location, it's been taken to the next level. The owners take extreme pride in making sure your experience is the best. The food; incredibly well thought out and prepared.
2	This was my second time for eating at the Jade Palace.  My first time was awesome!  Food was excellent and the service superb!  So I decided to bring my sister n law with me the second time.  A big mistake!!  Food was still excellent but the service was one of the worst I have ever had!  The waitress must have been new.  She brought out the wrong food and mixed our orders.  They finally got mine right but had to re do my sister n laws entire order!  I was very upset and embarrassed to say the least!  She never came back for re fills on our drinks, in fact she disappeared!  Another waitress had to deal with our unfortunate service!  It took the original waitress 45 minutes to bring our bill out!  The other waitresses were looking for her!  We thought maybe she walked out and quit.  Finally, someone came and took our bill up so we could check out.  I will think twice about coming back here and if I see that waitress still working there I will walk out!!  The first time is a 5 Star Rating but the second time and the reason I am writing this so management can read I give it a poor rating!  Don't know if she was not trained, did not pay attention during training or just totally a poor uncaring waitress!!  :(
5	Our favorite chinese food restaurant.  Leon is a hoot too!  Our favorites, include hot spicy eggplant, four seasons, royal nest and of course, the grand mariner shrimp.  Yummmmmmmmm
4	This is an excellent restaurant.  First, I had left a message early in the morning on the 24th of December.  The owner called me from his mobile to try to work out a table even though the restaurant was fully booked.  The atmosphere is more upscale and fun with great waiters, a bar scene and a clientele out to have a good time.While the food is pretty much what you get at any Chinese restaurant, the ingredients were better and the preparation more fresh and light.  They have a nice and moderately priced wine list.My complaint with most Chinese restaurants is that they lack the vibe I want when out for dinner--no vibe lunch is fine.  Here I get delicious Chinese food with that evening out atmosphere I want.
4	Went to Jade Palace last night for dinner. Thinking it was a Monday night, a typically slow day for restaurants, we just drove over and figured we'd quickly be seated. Walked in, and this place was crazy busy. Ended up waiting a half hour to be seated. Always call ahead with this place, as it is VERY popular. Food was fantastic, and they were willing to add tofu to a dish not on the menu. If it is normally as busy as it was last night, additional kitchen staff would help speed up dining. Our server was very apologetic, and he kept checking on us and filling drinks, but it was a long wait. Only complaint is the dining room is cramped. Could have one less table, thus easing mobility when being seated, going to bathrooms, and leaving. BUT, it's obvious the crowds that flock here will fill every table and be prepared to wait for their favourite food, so a maximum number of seats might be a good thing. Overall wonderful place.
5	A friend introduced me to this restaurant about 1yr ago, and I've been hooked every since then. This is one of my favorite places. We just tell the manager, HU, what tastes we're in the mood for and he makes a suggestion. He's never been wrong yet. The food is so Yummy! Not sure what to order? Just ask HU.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
