2	Pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage. Mmmmm... breakfast! Sure, it's fatty and salty and greasy, but there are options for healthy-ish choices at the IHOP if you want. It is, however, quick food!Yes, they have stuff that's not pancakes. But who comes to IHOP for a cheeseburger or a fish and chips platter? I mean, really!Service seems a little hit and miss. Sometimes you get a waitperson who comes by quickly to take your order and bring your check, sometimes you get one who apparently decided now was a good time to take their 15 minute smoke break. (And you know it was a smoke break, because they stink of it when they come back.)
5	My family and I traveled  from NYC to NC and this was the first stop we made after a tiring flight. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted nicely, seated promptly and our waitress was so pleasant, we wanted a hug from her. We each ordered various things from breakfast to lunch/dinner meals but each meal was presentable, tasty and there were no kiddie portions here (which is a pet peeve of mines). The check amount was great since there was total of 5 of us and this outing would be have more pricey in NYC. I really enjoyed this NC spot.
1	What can I say?   Cold food, bad service.  Typical of most IHops.
2	Meh.  The service is on the poor side as most IHOPs but it is food.  I can't say the food is memorable either way.
2	IHOP used to be good, but in recent years has become overpriced and very mediocre. You have to practically beg for warm syrup at this place. Seriously?
3	Compared to "other" IHOPs, this location is typically okay, not the greatest nor the worse.  During the weekends and holidays, this place is packed for Breakfast up through lunch; while the workday is less busy and all evenings are dead.  The service is up and down, it seems almost each time I visit they are training someone new there.  Typically the server will spill the drink on the table either by refill or already on glass.  The wait times are average, usually 10-15 minutes from order to table.  The food is generally good, if you ask for the bacon to be crispy or additional strawberries and cream on your pancakes, they will gladly do so.  The location sometimes struggles to stay clean, especially after breakfast; and a few times I found the utensils with food still on them, so be aware.  Overall, if you are in the area and desire breakfast food, it does the job.
3	It's IHOP.  it serves a purpose.  I was making a late night run to Walmart and decided to eat here on my way out.Food was typical IHOP food and the service was spot-on.  The thing is that the typical IHOP food isn't enough to warrant more than 3 stars.
4	Perhaps I just came in on the right day and got the right waitress but my visit with my family was excellent! We arrived a little after 11:30am and we were seated right away. Our waitress was Kimberly and she was phenomenal! She was funny, prompt and attentive...everything you expect when you're dining out! My mom and grandma went with the $4.99 specials, bacon, eggs, hash browns and pancakes. My dad and I both had the Breakfast Sampler platter. It comes with everything, ham, bacon, sausage, eggs an pancakes. The food arrived to our table hot. The coffee and water cups stayed filled and we left full and happy. Couldn't have asked for a better visit!
5	Ashley is THE BEST WAITRESS EVER!!! we brought our party of 14 in on a Sunday morning and she had our order memorized, managed to make recommendations, joked with us and did it all with a smile.  We never had to wait for anything and she was prompt and concise.  What a wonderful time we had.  Very impressive service.
5	Me and my wife go there every Saturday and we always have the same waitress. Food is great and the staff is very friendly. We usually get the just about the same thing every week so they know what we want. By the time we sit down w/in about 10 mins our food is out. When your there ask for Ashley b/c she takes care of us and is the best waitress they have over there and friendly as well.
4	My omelet was ok but my waiter Michael was excellent and very friendly. He was very knowledgable of the menu and made suggestions. I had the spinach omelet and my girlfriend had a chicken salad. I'm not usually a big tipper but I had no issue with giving him a healthy tip.
4	As IHOPS go, they tend to be a bit busy, especially on the weekend, and such is the case for this location, but that is to be understood as their service and moreover, their food is excellent.  I was in on Sunday 1/26/14 for my fix of blueberry pancakes so I could properly represent national blueberry pancake day and was delighted.  A blueberry affectionato, they were melt on your tongue delightful.
5	A little slow on Sundays (predictably so), but the food is great and the service, typically, is top-notch. Friendly staff!
2	Good location right next to Walmart, it really wasn't that packed for a Sunday afternoon. We were seated quick and easy with no hassle. Our server Michael was really good; he knew a great deal of the menu and was responsible enough to make sure all our needs were meet and was really good with the kids. Our server was very lenient with us and our order; cheerful happy and professional. I had biscuits and gravy blueberry pancakes and a steak omelet; I know I'm a fatty!! Lol!!  We sat near the kitchen and staff was a bit loud and lots of plates and glasses rattling and banging around.Yet I sort of lost my appetite the place needs a serious remodel and cleaning. The booth back splash had coffee stains and crayon marking all over the wall which made me look around a bit more. The wall just above us was covered in a thick layer of dust like nobody cleaned these wall in months and the vent just above us was dirty as well covered in thick black mold. This is all pretty scary sitting with my food just above all this dust and mold. Place has potential but they need to clean up their act, better yet just clean up.  Our server MICHAEL WAS GOOD!! You can be extremely great somewhere else!!
1	Stopped going due to service and overcrowded eating area. Food is fine, typical IHOP. Service is worst of the eateries in Whitehall area. Better service and Wi-Fi next door.
