5	Almost entirely vegetarian chinese restaurant (they serve some dead fishies. boo!)  There are like um no veggie or vegan restaurants in las vegas and this is an oasis in the oasis (ha!)...if you are a veggie or vegan or a connoisseur of fake meat, you MUST try this place. amazing. order the mongolian beef, tomato beef chow mein, sweet and sour chicken.  support this place if you live in vegas or are visiting vegas on more than a stripper and coke binge.  or fuck it, even if you are on a stripper and coke binge...stop by for a respite from the madness! l will be eating here again tomorrow night so I will have another update when I get back. everyone, please sit tight.hours: 11:30 am - 10:30 pm every day.  CLOSED SUNDAYS.  learned this the hard way.
5	One of the few places in town that caters to a pescetarian or vegetarian diet, Long Life has some good stuff to serve up to us usually-carniverous people as well.  They serve up Chinese style food with a wide assortment of veggie 'meats.'  My veggie friends love it here, and I don't mind tagging along with them at all.
4	After a not so great experience at Tofu Hut, where they don't know how to cook tofu, my friend took me to eat here.  I had tofu with garlic sauce, and while it was not as spicy as I expected, it was very tasty.  Their veggie dumplings are fantastic, and definitely made on site, as they were unlike any of the many frozen dumplings I've tried. They do have chopsticks, but you have to ask for them.  And I got the only decent fortune out of the three of us, "You shall attain great wisdom with each passing year [in bed]."
5	I adore Long life. The owners are the only employees there and you can tell they really care about their business and customers. The wife serves all the food, and the husband cooks it. Sometimes they take a break and eat dinner together when business dies down. It's all very sweet.Decor:Typical chinese restaurant fare. pastel colored seats, bare walls with the occasional painting, a few floral arrangements, (I'm not sure if they are real or plastic) and a fishtank with a few MASSIVE goldfish inside.Patrons: A semi scary smokeshop/ tattoo parlor moved in next door recently with shady types hanging out front but even they come in from time to time and get dinner there. It's odd to see your typical granola looking vegans, scary looking pseudo gang members, and the odd office worker all enjoying a nice quiet meal in the same place. Long life is never super busy, but it appears their customer base is loyal, as I usually average a visit or two a week and see many of the same people there.Food:Everything I've had there has been wonderful, but the best dish I've had would be the Rainbow Chicken Chunks. Tasty, moist faux chicken nuggets in sauce with veggies served with either white or brown rice.  Most of the menu is vegan friendly, however a few dishes do have eggs, sugar, or fish in them. Yes, the fish dishes on the menu is actual fish.. so steer clear of them. Other than that everything else is delightful, especially the curry dishes.  If you are a strict Vegan, they do understand what that means and will tell you exactly what is in the food you are ordering, which is great. *glares at Komol Thai*Most dishes hover around the 6-9 dollar mark, drinks are between the $1-3 range, appetizers (which are big enough to be a entree) are around $4-6.
2	The food was ordinary at best, but actually more like mediocre. The taste was uninspiring. My wife says "blad." I have eaten at a lot Chinese restaurants for decades and love vegetarian food. I will not be going back here.  The people were nice. I was here in the spring of 2007.
5	The best food in Vegas. I moved here from NYC with tons of Vegetarian restaurants and this stacks right up. It doesn't look like much from the outside, and the inside is spartan, but me and my roomate were floored at how good everything is. We had the garlic eggplant fake chicken and the pepper beef. I've had so many mediocre meals at fancy vegas restaurants, the real gems are places like this. The prices can't be beat either, $10 max for an entree.
3	This place is located at the southeast block of the Flamingo-Sandhill intersection. Took me a second to find it. Ghetto area, but lots of parking. I went at 6p on a Weds evening and there were only two other parties in there. The waitress was attentive and polite. The restaurant is severely under decorated, with some Buddhist items and random Chinese things and a fish tank. The menu confuses me. I thought it was gonna be a totally vegetarian/ vegan restaurant (like Veggie Delite on Spring Mt and Wynn), but it was a mix. They serve fish (sole) for sure. And there were items with beef, chicken, or pork. But then I got into the meat substitute section of the menu. I thought it was all meat substitute. I ordered the honey walnut tofu ($10), but I also wanted a meat substitute dish. All of the items looked pretty tame. I asked my server to recommend something. She asked me, "You want spicy or no?" Not spicy, I replied. Then she gave a thinking look, like I'm SOL. So then I said a little spicy is okay. So then right away she recommended a beef and veggie dish ($10, forgot what it was called, but it was the last or second to the last item of the section). The beef sub was good. It looked like beef broccoli, but had all kinds of vegetables. And the texture of the fake meat was good. Not anything that would deceive you to believe that you were eating real meat, but still very good. The honey walnut tofu was like honey walnut shrimp. But with tofu. And they put the sweet mayo sauce on the side. When I ordered it, she warned me there was egg in the sauce. The tofu was even lightly battered and fried, like honey walnut shrimp. The tofu sans the mayo glaze is very bland. This is served with steamed broccoli. I love that Chinese people rarely overcook broccoli. I also got a brown rice, for which she did not charge me. Now here is the strange thing. After she took my order, she went in the back and placed the order with the chefs. And I DIDN'T hear screaming and yelling in Chinese. So strange. For dessert, I got a fortune cookie. For the two dishes, before tip, my total was $22. * off the strip, non-casino
5	If you are vegan or vegetarian and you have not ate here yet stop reading this and go! This is one of my Favorite vegan Friendly restaurant i love the Rainbow Chicken Chunk i know it sounds really gross but it's to die for.
4	Great, standard-issue vegetarian chinese food. The kung-pao non-chicken was incredible, they were willing to add broccoli to it, and I'm glad they have brown rice. The orange non-chicken was a little too sweet and breaded--tasted like a donut hole--but was good. Highly recommended.
3	This place is okay... nothing really special. They do have some great vegetarian dishes.. but they also serve fish.. BOOO!!!!
5	this is great vegetarian food at a nominal price, The scallion pancakes are amazing (as is everything else), and the owners are very sweet.   It's a cozy setting, and I've wiled away many an afternoon with friends here.
4	restaurant has a 1/2 vegan menu.  Probably the best battered and fried fake chicken ever.  And the moo shu is even vegan.  gotta love that.take a taxi out there and then take the bus back.  it's a direct bus to the strip.  worth the trip.
5	One more vegan review from the meat eater of the group...My vegan daughter and boyfriend ordered the pot stickers and curry veg fried rice (no egg). Our server was tuned in to the vegan order and without my asking, scored extra points when she told us the hot and sour soup is vegan. YAY! I love it when a server can anticipate your needs even before you are aware of them.I ordered the tofu and garlic sauce, and loved that I could order brown rice!The exterior is blah nondescript strip mall, but the interior is decorated nice and looks like any other American authentic Chinese wall decor. We were in at 1:40, well past lunch time but found four other groups enjoying their meals.The fortune cookies were served individually wrapped, including nutritional information and ingredients, allowing the vegan to know that they are NOT vegan. (I think it was egg, but by the time I am writing my review I am not sure)Next time I'm in Vegas to visit my daughter, we're sure to return!
4	This place is so good that I'm incredibly sad I don't live in Vegas! I haven't eaten chicken very much in my life, nor do I remember what it tastes like, but I swear the Vegan "chicken" dishes were the best I've ever had! My friend said his dish [also chicken] tasted like the real thing! The "chicken" is made out of Seitan [my favorite] and is cooked quite well!
1	I would go here quite alot as it was one of the few places a non-meat eater could go (which I used to be) The last time I went there was with a meat eating friend  that I promised would not be able to tell the difference. We went all out and ordered soup and entrees. The soup tasted like what I imagine piss tasting like. It was foul. Combined with the fact that if you need to use the bathroom, you have to walk thru the kitchen (against health code ew) I paid my ticket, because honestly, the girl waiting our table did not understand enough english to try to send it back ( or a sly move on her part), and we just left, into the sunset for good. the end.
4	I love this place. Ping (owner & waitress) is such a sweetheart. There is no overcooking here. Life is left in all veggies. Thank you for so lovingly and perfectly preparing those yummies.They would get 4.5 starts from me, but I think there is massive amounts of MSG in what WAS my favorite soup - Mung Bean Ball Soup. Oh, my heart still hurts over this. That soup WAS incredible!! I went there for that soup on 2 different occasions and noticed much pressure in my cheeks. The first time I thought it was from smiling too much, but when it happened a second time and my friend confirmed the same feeling after eating the same soup - trouble. So sad. So I have not been back since. I will visit again. I'll just have to check with Ping about their MSG use. =-(
4	This is a pescetarian/vegetarian restaurant in Las Vegas. Since I survive within a 10 mile radius of where I live, I find that I make it here less often then I'd like to. Ping the lady that owns this place is the sweetest lady with a smile on her face all the time. I'm not kidding...all the time. Go check it out. No exaggeration here. It's a hole in the wall in the middle of a pretty weird and old strip mall next to a tattoo place that plays the loudest music at all times of the day. The food here is pretty good. They have lunch specials for less than $10 that is served with soup and a pretty significant portion of the entree. Our favs are the following:1. Mung Bean Ball Soup - Deep Fried Balls of some kind of bean and batter in a clear soup with some veggies2. Hot and Sour Soup - Generous helpings of tofu and bamboo shoots and mushrooms in this soup that is THE best on a cold or sickly day3. Pepper Tofu - Deep Fried Tofu (silken inside) with some bell peppers, onions and broccoli. Very Very Good4. Mango Tofu - A more sophisticated version of Sweet and Sour and this one tastes good5. Potstickers - Pan Fried and YUM YUM YUM. I can finish an order of 8 myself.I avoid their fake meats as I generally don't like them except at certain places. I also think their fried rice is pretty bad. Sticking to my staples, I love eating here whenever I trudge my way to this area. If you are around the area or decide to get a tattoo next door, this place is a must-eat.
4	Their food is delicious. They have a few Vegan and Vegetarian dishes & I love the fact that it is a mom & pop type of restaurant. I always leave satisfied.
4	Wow! This place may soon become a regular stop. I also am hoping that it will become worthy of a 5 star rating. The wife and I wanted Chinese food and Diana and Sangeetha's reviews sold us on LLV and we were not disappointed. The location is a bit iffy but the place was clean. We were the only eat in customers but that didn't dissuade us. As others mentioned the service was very good. And the menu must have changed from the older reviews as the owner let us know that the only meat served is seafood and all other meat is faux. Also she said that all of their sauces are animal free. I had Kung pao tofu and the wife had garlic veggies. We both had brown rice and veggie wontons. The veggie wontons were hands down the best fried wontons I have ever had. No cream cheese here just veggies and an amazing sauce. They were lightly fried and not oily. My main dish was great. Plenty of flavor and good spice (could have been a hair spicier). Veggies were not overcooked at all. The tofu was good. I prefer fried but this wasn't which was fine because it is probably healthier. The wife greatly enjoyed her dish. Also a bit spicy. The serving sizes were huge and we both have lunch for tomorrow. The main dishes (non seafood) are around the $8-9 range and the wontons were $6ish. We will definitely be back.
5	YUMMMM.  I love this place because I can eat meat dishes without really eating meat!  The scallion pancakes are a must and the spring rolls are pretty jammin' too.  My fiancee really digs on the crab rangoons here but it's a pretty standard rangoon compared to other places.  I've tried quite a few of the chicken dishes and the orange chicken is possibly my favorite.  I must admit.. the orange chicken is pretty sweet (as in sugary sweet) and I only get it every so often.  BUT my main man master dish is the chicken egg foo yong.  The foo yong is pretty standard and it comes with the usual sauce draped all over it but the fact that I can eat a chicken-tasting egg foo yong is a real treat.  The service is always good and the lady who owns the place is always ultra nice.  One of my favorite restaurants in town.  Go try it.  The food is good and you might actually live a little longer?  Ch-check it out... definitely has my seal of approval.
4	One word can describe the food: YUM!  We have been researching some vegetarian restaurants lately and this is a real find.  We ordered the Spring Rolls for an appetizer and it was delicious.  My partner commented that it's the best one he's had.  For the main course, we ordered "Chicken" Egg Foo Young and he got the Sweet and Sour "Chicken."  My Egg Foo Young was very tasty.  It has to be the best one I've had.  The egg has a nice crunch and the inside is very moist.  I just loved the texture and the sauce was perfect.  I couldn't finish the plate because it was huge and I was full but was tempted to eat the leftovers.  Good thing my partner stopped me from eating the leftovers.  He had the Sweet and Sour "Chicken," and it was also tasty.  He commented that it was too sweet but it definitely was good when I tasted it.  As everyone has said, it is a hole in the wall.  It is located in an old strip mall.  The owner, Ping, was always smiling and courteous.  Overall, if you have restricted yourself to eating vegetarian or pescatarians like us, this is a definite place to try.
5	I really love this place and I hope it stays in business. The staff is very friendly and I really love the wide variety of vegetarian options.
3	I finally returned to LLV for lunch recently after a long hiatus following a less-than-stellar first impression.  My first round wasn't *bad*, it just wasn't all that.  The second time was much better.  I think the key here (at least for me) is to order the dishes with tofu instead of one of the fake meats.  I did not care for their taste or texture*.  And beware!! the fish items on the menu are real fish, not soy versions (as opposed to Veggie Delite)!!Here's the rundown - I was thrilled to be able to get vegan hot n sour soup, which was super tasty and lived up to it's name! I love that you can get brown rice at no additional charge.  They also have great lunch specials deals - soup + entree + eggroll for like $7-8?! awesome.  So, WMFP with this place? why not more stars? Well, I'm giving it a 3.5 --it's good, it's just kinda generic.  All of our dishes (curry, kung pao, mongolian bbq-style) had the exact same veggies, although we ordered different proteins.  I wanna go back and try some of their more diverse offerings that aren't a stir-fry w/ sauce kinda deal, and hopefully bump this place up to 4!*Disclaimer, while I love me some seitan and certain fake meat products, I never seem to enjoy the "gluten" or fake meats at Asian places.  If you are into it, then you'll probably like LLV's versions.
5	This is one of my favorite Vegetarian Restaurants!  Good stuff and very yummy
5	The location and atmosphere are no match for their incredible food!  They make a veggie alternative to all your favorite chinese food!!!  Highly recommended :)
4	I've been coming to Long Life Vege for years, I love this place so much! The food is awesome. The service is a little slow and they don't speak much english, but the food is really great so I'm not complaining! I like coming here with large groups when I visit Vegas, they have a big table and it's usually pretty slow. Perfect place to gather all the friends.Make sure to get the Fried Wontons!
5	For a Vegetarian, there are not many places to eat at in the Vegas Valley. But I just LOVE going to Long Life Veggie! The food is delicious and cheap! But the service isn't the best, I always have to wave down the server for water refills lol.
5	It's hard to get good vegetarian food when you travel. When I'm in Vegas, I come here. Delish food for great prices!I LOVE their mock chicken. I DON'T like the aquarium in the restaurant though. It's hypocritical.
