5	This place is amazing. its cheap and fast and they do an amazing job. At some high end spa waxing places that i have been to they still leave hair and just send you on your way. At this place they actually take the time to get all of the hair out! I had a brazilian and my eyebrows done. Very sterile and clean. The prices are the best that i've seen in AZ or CA. If your a first time client you can get a free wax - eyebrow, lip, or underarm i beilive. I am now a huge fan of the hard wax that they use it barely hurts at all! i couldnt believe that it actually got the hair out without the pain of hotwax! Great place and I think that everyone should give it a try. it would be a great place for first time brazilian waxers!! SO gentle
1	All I can say is you get what you pay for.... I received a coupon in the mail and thought maybe I would stray from my normal esthetician, who I have been going to regularly for over a year, terrible idea.  This place is all about the masses... turn and burn, literally! The esthetician was super friendly, and the waxing wasn't painful during the session, it was what I encountered after.  The area was blood red for three days followed by peeling and scabbing.  To top it off she missed two whole areas.  I will never go back here and recommend you don't either.  Pay the extra money to get a quality waxing!!!
5	I couldn't get in to my regular esthetician and called The European Wax Center because I had a flyer from the Val Pak that comes in the mail. Wow! This place was impressive! They got me in that afternoon with Lynn, and I got a free wax ( I used it for my eyebrows) for my first visit. The salon is very clean and contemporary in apprearance, but  there wasn't any snobbishness at all from any of the employees. I was very impressed with the job that Lynn did on me: she waxed my brows perfectly (which isn't easy because my left brow is a completely different shape than my right and has a definite peak in the center), and did a perfect job waxing my upper lip and the back of my neck. The prices are VERY reasonable and less than what I was paying! I am hooked and look forward to my next visit! I highly recommend this establishment for anyone needing to be waxed!
4	You didn't think I was born perfect did you?Well without getting into gory details...the esthetician here did a fantastic job in keeping me clean. They use this strip-less wax, which hurts less than the traditional method of hot wax and cotton.Basically, they smooth on a layer of hot wax, it hardens rather quickly, and they pull it off. Easy-peezy.It's affordable, and you are in and out of there quickly.Very guy friendly too. So...git r' done. It's summer.
5	I visited the new location in Tempe Marketplace. My first experience in a EWC was 5 years ago in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. Olga did my eyebrows for almost a year. I was upset when I moved across the state and didn't have a EWC in driving distance. I always had them in the back of my mind every time my eyebrows were filing in and I was constantly trying new places in the Tampa area. I moved to AZ over a year ago, never looking them up. I just discovered them in Tempe Marketplace and couldn't be happier. Always make an appointment, this place stays busy. I had my eyebrows done by Chelsey and she was great. I've never had my women areas waxed before and asked a ton of questions. She answered them very professionally and made me feel very comfortable. I scheduled a Braz wax last week and went in a bit nervous for my first waxing in a very sensitive area. Sadly, I scheduled myself for 9am Saturday morning with the intention of going to the pool at noon. After stripping from the waist down she informed me that the hair was not long enough to get a good wax. I explained my situation because I am not going to even think about putting on a bathing suit without being cleaned up. She did my bikini line the best she could and rescheduled an appointment for the following week. They didn't charge me for the visit even though she helped me out. I felt like a jerk not being able to tip Chelsey, so I will make up for it when I go tomorrow. This wax is a strip-less wax that is a deep shade of purple. It turns to a soft plastic consistency and they pull off the actual piece of wax when removing the unwanted hair. I have found this to be a LOT less painful, especially when in sensitive areas or if your skin is all over sensitive.
1	Has to be the worst of the 3 EWC locations I've visited. Front desk workers were rude and my waxer bruised me. When I called to complain the manager never bothered to return my call.
5	One word, y'all: SARINA.  She seriously rocks my world... Never misses a single follicle.This is the best EWC out of the 3 I've been to.  Always clean, comfortable, quick.Ya know how when you go to a spa or a salon and they try to shove useless products down your throat???  This is SO not the case here... Their products are reasonably priced and - get this - effective!  The ingrown hair serum is my only salvation from the ugly mess left behind by shaving (which I've sworn to never do again)...
1	Since writing this review a EWC representative contacted me and added a free bikini wax to my account. I'll be sure to update my review as necessary after my visit.
5	Been to this EWC twice and I'm a loving it!  Sarina is awesome, a total profession with personality.  The front office staff is friendly and quick to get you checked in and on to your appointment. The facility is clean and welcoming - the prices are very reasonable !
5	I was accidently placed with Sarina Tinoca after my regular esthetician was unavailable. I moved to Scottsdale about 2 years ago and it has taken me several months to find an esthetician that I was happy with and most importantly, comfortable with. Sarina is great at what she does and makes me feel great about the treatment I am getting every time. If Sarina was to change locations, I would most likely make the move just so I could continue to go to her. Overall, the EWC is fast, friendly and they do a great job trying to get their clients the best value for their money. Highly recommendable.
4	I love the atmosphere here and Lynn does an amazing job. The woman in meticulous and puts you through the least amount of pain possible. There's nothing comfortable about getting the hair pulled out of your girl parts but Lynn is super fast and makes your feel less on edge about the whole situation. thanks girl! PS: Never had such perfect eyebrows either. never going to anyone else EVER!
3	Not planning on going back.This place does seem to want to get you in and get you out! They seem to be more about quantity than quality. Three times I had appointments here and 2 times European Wax Center called me to tell me that the esthetician I was scheduled with was no longer there so it seems the staff has high turnover as well.The last time I was there for an eyebrow wax the esthetician dropped a huge glob of wax in my hair.  She didn't even acknowledge that she did it and was probably hoping I didn't feel it.  When I tried to get the wax out of my hair it was extremely hard and painful. It was a nightmare!The front desk receptionists are ok, not too friendly and seem extremely tired.  This place isn't awful but I won't be going back again.  If you're looking for a warm inviting, personal and professional establishment I wouldn't go here but it you don't care about any of that, this place is fine for a wax.
2	Nice staff, but definitely wasn't all that...Don't get me wrong, it was quick; but definitely not the most painless.  It did seem to last longer than some other waxes I've received.  I do appreciate them getting me in on the same day, that was definitely a plus.  They give very affordable Brazilians especially if you are a first time customer (50% off with coupon).   But she missed a spot o_O.  That is a pet peeve of mine so they lost 1 whole star from a solid 3 with that.  I guess I'm just super spoiled with my Brazilian Waxes from Bliss.
4	Yes, I'm a fan. It's great that they take walk ins, I didn't have to wait at all, I was in & out in 20 minutes.   I was credited half the price since I was a new client, plus I got another $5 credit for my next appointment. Score! It can be quite embarrassing dropping trou for a complete stranger, but Alexa, my esthetician was professional, and made me feel comfortable. I also really dug the waxing technique they use- it's a blue warm wax that hardened quickly, and is pulled off. I did find this to be less painful, and less messy than the standard strip method. Skin was left very soft, with no irritation or ingrowns or spots left behind.So what are you waiting for? Bikini season has officially arrived- time to wax it off and have some fun in the sun!Tip- refer friends for another discount!
2	I go here every once in a while but always leave feeling disappointed. I rarely see an esthetician who knows what they are doing. For my most recent service I went to Leslie for a brow lip and chin wax. She had applied the wax so low it was on my eyelids. I was terrified for her to rip it off. Needless to say my eyelids were swollen for the whole day. She left hair on my lip and chin area. But it was cheap and convenient and you get what you pay for.
1	I was a little iffy on writing a review for this place due to the personal content but I'll keep the details to myself. The waxing is horrible here. You go home with wax everywhere and you don't even get what you pay for. I'm pretty sure I paid for hair removal, not pain and dissatisfaction. She was pretty much in a big hurry and at it seemed like she had a "eh, good enough" attitude at the end. I was like WTF is this LOL. Oh well, not returning and not recommending.
2	DisappointedI received a half off coupon in the mail, and since this was close to home and I pass it every day on my way to get my morning cup of java, decided to go. I called and made an appointment and they were very friendly on the phone. I arrived and they immediately tried to get me to sign up for a membership which was only valid before my initial wax; I couldn't decide to join after my wax. Hmmm, that's suspicious. The esthetician was very nice and made me feel comfortable, however I went in for a Brazilian, which I'm used to having everything go. She went over the same areas two times after saying the wax wasn't able to get all the hair. She said twice was all she's allowed to do (sure I understand, but I've never had this problem before.) Ok, but no tweezing stray hairs? I had to go home and finish tweezing the hairs which was a lot and awkward you-know-where. And there was a lot of wax stuck to my skin. I think the esthetician was afraid to put wax where it needed to go and the wax they use isn't the best.I used to get Brazilian waxes every four weeks with no stray hairs or wax at another salon but can't afford it anymore. I was disappointed and won't go back here, even though the price was great, you get what you pay for. Might be better for brows or underarms... I'm not sure.
1	We will never return.  My daughter is 14 and got an eyebrow wax.  We usually take her to the local nail salon and they've done a great job, but she wanted to try something new.  My daughter's eyebrows have been so nicely shaped over the years people think they've been tattooed on.  Elle waxed my daughter and after pulling the wax says, "Oh sorry, I took too much off on this one side, but if you keep coming to me I can fix it".  I'm absolutely infuriated.  I had to run my daughter to Nordstrom so a make up artist could help her use shadow to even out the other eyebrow so she didn't have to walk around that way.  I'm thankful she sent me a thank you note in the mail because I couldn't remember her name.  Kudos for the thank you note.
2	Recent events have encouraged me to share the same piece of advice I give to all my friends/coworkers when they ask me about European Wax Center (which happens more often than not)...  If it is your first wax experience, I would recommend somewhere else.  If you are a seasoned waxer, meh its fine: decently priced, the spaces are clean, and it gets the job done.  Up until Tuesday this would have been a 3 star review.  I've used different locations of this biz and its the same everywhere: Consistently Inconsistent.  Tweeze? Maybe.  Talk? Maybe.  Same person? Maybe.  Go over an area more than once? Maybe.  Membership plug? Maybe.For someone who has been waxing for 7 plus years and had fantastic waxer I went to for the first 3 (were talking scheduled appointments with her when I was back in town from out of state fantastic here) the experience leaves something to be desired, but I didn't have any major issues.... and in fact did encounter a great waxer or two.  Unfortunately turnover seems high.The last two times (2 different waxers) have been enough to shake me out of this easy last minute appointment approach.  I mean honestly, I go here because I can make appointments morning of and they don't over charge.  Last time the waxer didn't talk at all and used some weird pinching the skin then ripping technique I have neverrrr encountered before and I don't recommend she keeps it up.  Major ouch. Giving them the benefit of the doubt I of course last minute scheduled again.  Tuesday however pushed this into the review zone.  I don't really need to get all graphic here but.... bruises.  I am bruised.  How does that even happen??!!!  It's not like this is my first time or its a challenge (in fact the opposite; I normally skate by with a discounted rate at other spots since they get to skip half the process),  I'll say it again.... BRUISED.  As in plural. And I'll leave it at that.
2	Front desk person was rude.  She said because it was my first time there it would be complimentary if I could show proof that I live in AZ.  I just moved from out of state, so I couldn't.  She asked me if I had a piece of mail or something with me.  Do you carry your mail around in your purse?  Cuz I don't...I hadn't expected it to be free anyhow, O decided to go ahead and do it.  The waxer was very sweet and the shape of my eyebrows (that's all I was in for) was fine, but a little thinner than I asked for, and I realize now that I'm burned under my brows.  Bummer!  That's bad form.
4	Ask for Morgan, she is terrific!
5	I love this European Wax Center. The front people are always friendly. They help ne rebook my next appointment before leaving. I love that they give me a reminder call for my next appointment. The waxer, Lynn, is SO AMAZING!!!! So is efficient in her skills. She taught me breathing techniques that makes the waxing more comfortable. I recommend Lynn to all my friends, especially to friends that have never gotten waxed before. I never go anywhere else to get waxed and will never again as long as Lynn stays my waxer.
5	This is the only place I would ever go to get waxed! Their wax and service is superior to any other place I have previously gone. The staff is so friendly and the waxers make you feel so comfortable and really take care of you! I've recommended many of my friends and they have all been extremely satisfied as well!
5	Finally well trained and friendly waters! Love it! They prep my skin and make me feel so comfortable. Also their products are a must have!
5	And if Morgan isn't there ask for Amber.  She is a really attentive and detail oriented.  And she is a blast to talk with while she makes my eyebrows perfect.I really like this location.  I can always get an appointment, yet they are always busy.
5	Great introductory specials!  Nice student discounts!  Super friendly staff!  Alicia is my waxer and she does an A+ job!
1	Seriously worst waxing experience ever. I usually get my eye brows done when I get my nails done.. nothing to fancy its cheap and they do a pretty good damn job. So when my mom told me about the European wax center I was a bit hesitant, I'm comfortable at my nail salon however the first time you go it is free and my mom got 5 buck in her account for referring me so why not? Anyway so I mean its clearly says that this facility is a waxing center, they don't offer any other services you would think that the staff would be pro's however I'm unsure if the red headed girl I had was new which I don't think she was because as soon as I was done she happily greeted another customer by name before the receptionist gave her the form.  So I go into one of the waxing rooms she tells my about the wax how this place is the only one in the world that uses it (well maybe there is a reason) It did not work very well or maybe it does and she just didn't so a sufficient job. So she waxed me trimmed my eyes brows  then gave me a mirror to check it out.. I asked if she was gonna trim my eyebrows and the little snob says very rudely "I already did" when I'm looking directly in the mirror and I can see that my eyebrows hardly even looked cleaned up. I had to have her re do them 3 times and by the third I was fed up and just left went home and finished the damn thing myself. I was not satisfied at all the only good experience about this place was the girl at the front desk. Not to mention the apparently they have a 9 minute no show rule my appointment was at 4:15pm she was not ready until 4:28pm, I will not recommend this place to anyone I had an awful experience and I will not return. Very disappointed considering this place specialize's in waxing.
4	I am a fan of Eurpoean Wax Centers period. I believe I saw Amber she was very good, very thorough with removing hair which is a plus.
4	Julia is the best. She does a great Brazilian. I have been to a couple other girls here and neither compared to Julia. She really takes her time to make sure everything is perfect, and she's super sweet and fun to talk to. Definitely makes it a much less awkward experience!
5	So I did the unthinkable in the beauty industry: called my usual waxing place for a day of appointment...on a Sunday at 3:00. I know, I know; I'm not a good planner. Needless to say my usual place was nice and sympathetic but couldn't get me in so I decided to roll the dice and give European Wax Center a call. The girl on the phone was super sweet and scheduled me for a 3:30 (wow, right?). She then told me that if I can prove that I'm an instate resident I get 50% making the cost like $25; which is insanely cheap for a Brazilian but even without that discount it's a good price! I usually prepare myself to spend like $60 plus tip. So naturally and based on the reviews and mixed responses of my peers I assumed "welp, it can't be cheap fast and good" so as she was about to rip off the first piece of wax, I braced myself for serious pain but...nothing! I mean really; it didn't hurt. And this is coming from someone that will eat almost anything cold to avoid burning my tongue because I'm such a wuss. Like I've ripped off band aids that caused more pain by far than this. I didn't even grimace. So of course me being the skeptic that I am thought "ha! Well we shall see how many ingrown hairs I develop and how patchy it is!" It's been almost a week and just as smooth and ingrown free as my $60+ one that I usually get. I'm still in sort of a state of disbelief; I feel awkward giving them five stars to be honest (aww poor European Wax Center!) but honestly I don't really have anything bad to say. I can't even go for a cheap shot like the decor because even that was stylish and cute! Or ding them for trying to upsell me too much, I mean they did but it wasn't annoying. Actually, maybe I'll listen to what the membership includes next time rather than brush it off in a trollish groan per usual. PS I had Michelle; since several people cite that the quality varies depending on who you have.
5	I am very particular about getting my brows waxed and decided a few months ago to try a new European wax center out. Tara is a rockstar! She is extremely professional, personable, and fun! She always consults me on what I would like done and welcomes me with a warm smile! I'm so glad I found her to solve all my brow needs!
2	I went here at a suggestion of a friend this last weekend. To be fair, I don't have a lot of eyebrows to begin with, but I'm used to getting somewhat of a shape and coloring them in myself. Well, I definitely left with more eyebrows than I came with. That could have been a good thing, had they not drawn eyebrows on me that resembled chewbacca! The part that really bothered me was that the girls kept telling me how great they looked...... Good thing I knew better and wiped the crap off before I got to my final destination. I took a picture of what it looked like, needless to say it's what I send to my friends now when they are having a bad day.
3	They always do a nice job! I feel like they are all robots. They try to get your in and out in a rush. They always seem to be "raising their prices" kind of an annoying sales pitch if you ask me!
4	Beautifully clinical facility (super sleek corporate image) staffed with friendly, capable employees who use a hardening purple wax to get the job done with maximum efficiency.  The wax they use is hard wax that pulls off (rather than applying cloth strips and pulling them off).  It hurts a lot less, but I found that it breaks my hairs a bit more, so I get a slightly less smooth result - this might only be my experience, and I've only been there once, so please take that into consideration.Prices on the slightly lower end of fancy salons, but definitely still expensive.  I got arms ($38) and legs ($68) - which ran me $127 with a 20% tip... ouch!!
5	I was skeptic since I have had bad experiences going new places and trying a new person but I was more than pleased! The front desk was absolutely sweet! Jazmen was knowledgeable and helped me out with tips on how to use the products... I saw Ashley who is AMAZING! She's quick and precise! def would recommend !
5	Going to a wax center and being a guy, I was obviously very skeptical, and nervous. I got a nose wax because I am training for a marathon and it helps me breathe better. When I walked into the place the staff was incredibly friendly from the start. They set me up with Monica and she was the epitome of professional. Needless to say I will be going back to European wax center, and only the Scottsdale road location. I'll need to clean the brush out of my nostrils more than I want to.
