5	I heard they had a great selection of beers, wine, & spirits but wasn't prepared for what I saw when I entered the store.  It's like the alcohol section at Costco on steroids.  Near the front of the store is a section with stem/barware, wine chillers, kegorators etc.  Walking toward the rear from that section are aisles of wine with great signage enabling customers to find items quickly.  In the rear of the store are the refrigerated cases for beer and some juices.  In the rear-mid section you'll find more shelves with beer and a few aisles with snackie-cakes and yum-yums to accompany your beverages.  Then from the beer section going toward the front of the store are the spirits and liquors.  I found a great Hawaiian beer there!If you spend $250, you get a 5% discount toward a future purchase after you sign up for a store discount shopper card.  Gold stars for the great customer service, variety, affordable prices and store appearance/layout.  And it still has that 'new store' smell....
3	Manager got a little whiney when I insisted that he check his shelf before I drive out to pick up a rare item.  Their stock has been in error before, and sure enough... it was wrong this time.  But no apology of course, and no acknowledgment that I was right to have him check his stock.  Otherwise, selection is good on the whole, but customer service can be a little "iffy" at times.  Easy access right off Lake Pleasant Pkwy on SW corner.
4	Good selection of beer, I dont drink wine but there is plenty of that too.  I can easily spend 30 minutes here browsing the selection of brews.  My cousin from North Carolina went with me last time he was in town, he could not believe how many beers they had. I wish they had a larger selection of cold beers or singles in the cooler for when you are making that last minute custom 6 pack, but no tthat big of a deal.  They will pester you to death about the Bev-Mo card, save yourself some grief and just sign up for one, you can even do it online.
2	As with just about any Bevmo here, their inventory is impeccable. But it just seems that service is lacking at this store that I dont get in any other. At the store on Bell road, the staff fall over themselves trying to help me out, and making suggestions on other items that they themselves found to be of similar taste and quality. This store is entirely different. They act sometimes like they are doing me a favor and I should be falling over myself for them, and this last time I was there, not only did they card me, but they insisted on carding my wife as well, who was with me but  was not buying anything. Dont get me wrong, I dont mind getting carded. I am a young looking 38 yr old man, but the idiot behind the counter insisted it was the law, which of course it isnt. If I had brought my 15 yr old daughter in with me, would they card her, or would I not be able to purchase alcohol? Some people just get stupid ideas in their head, I swear. Anyways in summary, I will continue to go there for things I know that I want just because they are right up the street. But for service, go to the one on Bell.
2	If there's any way you can make it over to Total Wine in Arrowhead, then without a doubt: pass this place up!  Though we haven't always found what we came looking for, they admittedly do have a decent selection. The handful of times that we've been in, it has been due to convenience.  However, the poor customer service always leaves me grimacing as we walk out the door.  Even when we came with a friend who was buying several bottles of Dom Perignon for his own wedding, spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars there, the service he received was horrendous.  We were all appalled.There are definitely better places to find what you are looking for!
4	always come here for beer and alcohol, selection is great although they stopped carrying my Bacardi 8 but I can live without that.  I dont know what else to say except that they are always nice here, and prices are great.  I love to support local stores and keep my tax dollars in Peoria.
4	Love the service and smiles everytime we visit this store!
