1	It takes a lot to seriously make me hate any dining experience. This place did just about everything it could think of to make me wish I never used an iphone app to find it. I went to Vegas this weekend to enjoy UFC 106 with some close friends. After Forrest Griffin made me happy I decided to top off the evening with something like The boiling Crab or the Crab hut. I used my friend's iPhone to find the nearest spot for us to indulge in some Cajun goodness. We got in a cab and hurried over to Cajun Crawfish. We arrived to find the place almost empty. We were sat and the waiter returned with our drinks. We ordered our usual and waited for about 15 minutes only to have the waiter return to our table to tell us they were out of corn on the cob....whaaaat?? ok ok ok...I can deal with that. But then we waited about another 30 minutes only to be confronted with the most flavorless crawfish and shrimp I have ever tasted in my life! Our potatoes come and they have no seasoning anywhere and are waaay undercooked. We sent the potatoes back to be cooked longer and they were still under cooked when the waiter brought them back. We ordered some steamed white rice and even that was horrible....how do you screw up rice? The sausage was undercooked, the crawfish was over cooked and lacked any flavor except spice. the shrimp was ok at best...a tad over cooked but still...ok. We tried to tell the female waitress about the potatoes and the rice only to find she doesn't speak English, so we were then stuck playing charades with the girl. After we were finished with our disaster of a dinner...we asked for wet naps. The lemon scented ones tend to cut the fishy smell out of your hands. Guess what?? No wet naps. We agreed to call it quits for the evening and head back to the hotel. We asked the waiter to call a cab.....after asking every employee in the joint "Do we have cab number?" we decided to make use of the iphone once again and called our own cab. We waited outside for our cab and noticed the sign for Cajun Crawfish stated "Grand Opening". Well, I don't know about "grand" but I guess the place is new. So here is my advice to the owners....shut down for a week and visit The Boiling Crab in LA area. Notice the flavor, the decor, the hospitable service, the flavor and the flavor or their food. Then come back to Vegas and regroup. There is no point in owning a below average establishment like this. When you have visitors that know what their food is supposed to taste like and visit your restaurant with certain expectations....they are just going to leave seriously unhappy and are going to tell all their friends about their piss poor experience. Not trying to be mean...but Cajun Crawfish is way under par. Cajun Crawfish failed to deliver...in EVERY way possible. I will not go back and I will make sure that no one I care about makes the same mistake I did by going here. Waste of time, waste of money and there was a risk of food poisoning with the whole undercooked sausage thing. It's clear this place doesn't care about the quality of their food....looks like they are just happy enough to be open and have anyone walk through their doors. 2 lb shrimp (1 mild and 1 medium) FAIL 2 lb Crawfish (medium) FAIL 12 practically raw potatoes FAIL no corn on the cob MAJOR FAIL 24 undercooked sausage FAIL 3 orders of slice bread GOOD 2 order rice FAIL I would have been happier with Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits
4	We decided to give Cajun Crawfish a try.  The restaurant is very long with red walls.  It was quite empty when we got there.  Only one other table with 2 customers was occupied.  The waiter told us that they had a Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees and a buy one get one free soda, with free refills.  For the drink, try the Sweetened Green Tea.  Not too sweet and compliments with the spicy seafood.The special of the day was dungeness crab.  We didn't get it as it was $14.95/lb.  Instead we ordered 3 lbs of shrimp in a medium sauce, house special style and the catfish dinner.  We also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, some rice bowls, corn and bread.  I agree with Andy R.  OMG - the shrimp were huge from its head to its tail - as big as the distance between your thumb and your index finger!!  The shrimp were as thick as your thumbs!!!  They were indicated on the menu as Gulf Atlantic Shrimps.  I think they were just huge Tiger Prawns.  Make sure you order some rice and some bread to sop up the delicious sauce.  The sauce was unfortunately too little but we managed to sop up every little bit of sauce.  The sauce had roughly chopped up onions in it.   The rice was so fragrant; I think it's jasmine rice.  Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm!  We wanted more shrimp so we ordered another lb of shrimp, this time with spicy sauce.  The spicy sauce this time had a bit of kick in it and it tasted better.The waiter was very helpful, pleasant and quick to serve.  Would we go back?  Sure, for that size of shrimp and the spicier sauce!Take advantage of the Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees.  It really helps!!!!
2	I'm all for a little competition in the crawfish world - but Cajun Crawfish is definitely not up for the challenge.  I was super hesitant with all the negative reviews, but still kept in open mind.It's a large restaurant space with additional seating in the back around the corner with TVs abound  However, it's a pretty sterile environment, blame it on the high ceilings.We started out with two pounds of Crawfish ($9.99/lb) with their House Special seasoning and Medium spice level.  (They have a warning that says their "spicy level is two levels higher than normal".)  The Husband did ask ahead of time if the crawfish was big and fresh, and the waitress said it was.  She also pointed out the tank in the back so we could have a look.  (I did walk over there to take a peek and noticed they had lobster and clams in the tanks too.)  You also get one side of corn and potato for order two pounds or more of crawfish.When our order arrived in a silver bowl, we noticed a difference right away.  This wasn't the way we wanted our crawfish, and that was our mistake.  The Husband asked for some lime, salt and pepper to make a dipping sauce, but that couldn't help this crawfish.  Sure, they were large, but they were also dried out.  There was no head juice to suck out at all.  When you break the head off, you can tell there's something wrong immediately.  And the sauce in the bottom of the bowl is this watered down concoction of something or other.  I don't think it's as fresh as they say it is, the ones in the tank are just for show I think!    The staff were friendly, and really anxious to refill our beverages.  But it couldn't make up for the sad crawfish.  We left after our two pounds and headed up Spring Mountain for Hot N Juicy Crawfish instead.  We didn't order the famous shrimp that gets all the ravings, but did see some on someone else's table, and they were large indeed.  But then again, this restaurant is called Cajun Crawfish, not Cajun Shrimp. I did ask if they had any grand opening specials (especially since other yelpers mentioned it), but we were told they weren't offering them anymore.  However, I did notice an ad offering a discount on beverages just the other day.   Oh well.Overall, Cajun Crawfish doesn't measure up for good crawfish the way I like it.  Sorry.06.07.10 Update!  In a recent magazine article, they are changing their name from Cajun Crawfish to The Crawdaddy Crab House.  Hope that helps with business!
4	I like this place better then Hot N Juicy, their seasoning isn't as great as Hot N Juicy but at least their crawfish and Hugemungist shrimps are fresh. However, you must try the fried soft shell crab...it's not too salty. Soft shell crab basket- $9.95Crawfish 1lbs- $9.99Shrimp 1lbs- $10.95Staff is great they check up on you all the time, so your mouth isn't burning from the hotness as much. Parking, there is lots of parking.
4	Service: Good Food: Good Restaurant: Ok Return Visits: Yes Gotta admit, we went over to Hot n Juicy Crawfish first but they were so busy and had an hour wait that we decided to go to Cajun Crawfish as a backup plan because we were really looking forward to havin' some Crawfish and we were HUNGRY so we didn't want to wait for an hour. I used to love Hot n Juicy, we used to go there when it first opened, when we'd be the ONLY patrons in the establishment... But ever since they were on Man vs. Food, we practically have no desire to go there because of the f'n wait!!! But enough about them, this is about Cajun Crawfish, my bad... We were a little hesitant because we had expectations about our Crawfish considering we LOVE seafood... But we kept an open mind, our motto is "We try it once, if we don't like it, we never come back". We were greeted right away and the staff was really nice. As we were waiting for our food, I decided to Yelp the place on my phone. Unfortunately the reviews were no bueno but again, we kept an open mind and my husband reminded me of our motto. It's a small restaurant but they have the capability to accommodate large parties. We ordered Crawfish and crab legs. Some of the reviews mentioned that the Crawfish were small, it wasn't the case the night that we came in, there was a mixture of big and medium sized ones. I LOVE garlic, that's why I was always a fan of Hot n Juicy but I always hated how I'd smell like garlic for days, no matter how many times I wash my hands, lemon I use, or how hot the water is when I clean my hands... That wasn't the case here, there was enough garlic flavor but not so much so that I'd smell for days, which was AWESOME because we were meeting up with friends after wards so I didn't wanna smell like I was swimming in garlic! Which, BTW, I didn't! I don't see too many negatives about this place, even though there are a lot of negatives, but we have returned a couple times after our initial visit... Except maybe, they can work on their decor? I kind of feel like I'm at a generic Chuck E. Cheese with that rinky dink mural, no offense CC! Overall, satisfied and have already returned.
4	We went to Cajun Crawfish a couple of days ago.  Although the place was empty, we were surprised by the food.  We ordered butter and garlic shrimp, snow crab and oysters with sweet potato fries.  They were all very good.  Ginormous doesn't begin to describe the size of the shrimp.   We would go back to this place the next time we're in Vegas.
2	I've never been to a place like this.  I've been really hesitant to because eating crawfish is so much work for so little reward, but my girl friends from Canada were in town and they love crawfish so I decided to take them.  Mind you, I WAS going to take them to Hot n Juicy first because everyone talks about it, but it was a 30-40 minute wait, we were all hungry....we weren't waiting.  So we headed over to Canjun Crawfish.  No wait, sat down right away.  You could tell it was a family own business, it was very odd atmosphere.  LCD screens throughout the place showing sports and other channels.  Paper menus like they printed out on their computer, but you know what?  Who cares! The food was awesome! 4 girls ate 10 lbs of food!3 lbs of canjun clams (mild, the shrimps are HUGE!) 1 lb of shrimp house special (medium)6 lbs of crawfish (garlic butter - didn't have much taste) (2 lbs cajun mild) (3 lbs of house special medium)  the house special is canjun + Garlic butter.  A few days later i was craving crawfish at work so i googled the restaurant and found out they did take out, ordered it 15 minutes before I got off work, by the time I got there it was all ready for me.  Atmosphere isn't the greatest, but if you're with  bunch of good friends, who cares?  It doesn't have a dirty feel when you walk in.  You know how when you walk into some restaurants and you're just feel gross and everything just feels dirty?  Not this place at all.  Picture a wharehouse feel with long tables and chairs.  I was a bit disappointed when they didn't have crab, but hey whatever, we made do with what they did have.  Definitely looking forward to the next time.07/23/10:  Need to revise my stars and my review.  Went here with a bunch of friends that had never been.  My first experience was awesome, but this time was very disappointing.  Went with a group of 5 ppl, we sat down, ordered and waiting.  1 friend joined us a few minutes later and ordered.  Food starts to come out, the person that came late finally gets his order....the person sitting next to me looks around and says where's my food?  Called the waiter over and asked him where his order was.  Waiter says, you didn't order anything.  I made a comment, he sat down with us and I distinctively heard him ask how hot was the hot while he was ordering, how can you get the guy that walked in late's order but not his? He offered to put the order in right away, but my friend was already pissed.  One friend ordered the shrimp, it was way overcooked.  Mine didn't taste the same as it did the first time, so I called the waiter over and he said they changed the recipe to not be so soupy.  I was like but that's why I liked it?  Long story short, we all left VERY dissatisfied.  I to this day get blamed for a crap dinner.
1	worst  food I had in VEGAS. service are slow,everything over here is bad quality. Not that much coustmer so there sea food is not fresh at all. EVEN vagetabile...NEVER COME BACK AGAIN
3	So I was craving seafood and didnt feel like paying an arm & a leg for it.  Decided to go here instead of to its competitor Hot N Juicy Crawfish because this place accepts Restaurant.com coupons.  Specifically wanted the cajun clams, the fresh shrimp, the crab legs.  Got there around 8pm on Sunday, for the fresh seafood, all they had was the clams, the blue crabs and the dungeness crabs.  They had crawfish but those were frozen (and not as good as the fresh ones).  Ended up ordering a pound of cajun clams, the calamari basket, the butterfly shrimp basket and an order of sweet potato fries.  The cajun clams were awesome!!!!  The other stuff was just OK.  Total bill (food & tax) came out to $40.  With the $25 restaurant.com coupon, the total amount spent was $19 (This amount included the tip already).  Not a bad for some good seafood.  Also service was good.1 star for their cajun clams1 star for the restaurant.com coupon 1 star for good service
1	We came here Friday night because we did not have time to wait an hour for a table at Hot N Juicy. I ordered a Blue Moon and the girls ordered sodas. Our server brought out the sodas, but my Blue Moon was no where in sight. She comes back a few minutes later to tell me that they were out of Blue Moon...so disappointed already.What we ordered:2 lbs crawfish - 1 lb house special sauce/1 lb garlic butter sauce1 lb shrimp - garlic butter saucesnow crab - garlic butter saucesweet potato friesextra corn/potatoThe crawfish was ok. The corn was cold on the inside. We didn't get our potatoes. We told our server that we didn't get our potatoes. She came back a couple minutes later to confirm that we did not get our potatoes...wtf?!! She goes back to tell the manager again and returns to tell us that they are out of potatoes and stands there for a minute without saying anything. I said, "it's ok" and she finally walks away. The sauce with the shrimp was good, but the shrimp were over cooked and tough. The crab legs come and they are not pre-cracked for us. I have to flag down a server to ask for crackers. This place has been open for a while now...why are the servers so inexperienced? Why do they not have potatoes or Blue Moon on a Friday night? If you don't have potatoes, shouldn't you tell the server to ask the customer if they would like something else. I will never come back here again.
5	Went here again, still think they have by far the best soft shell crab. The batter is just right, not too salty and not too breaded! My bf and I have been here about 5 times and always get great service! The prices did go up though, but that's understandable because of the oil leak. A lbs of shrimp is $12.95 a lbs of clams was $11.95 Soft shell crab $9.95 same The clams is something new that was on the menu so we tried it and it was delicious!
5	Went here several times now and still absolutely satisfied.  So much better than the "other" crawfish joint down the street!  Seriously, people why bother with the "other" place...it's a waste of time and money.Ordered:1 lbs Crawfish *Live-Medium (House Special)-$10.951 Blue Crab (M) Half Doz-$19.951 lbs Wild Gulf Shrimp-Mild House Special-$12.95Enjoying every bite-PricelessThe flavor of the crawfish is truly there.  The shrimp were massive and delicious!  I loved the seasoning on the blue crab!  Best of all, they don't use frozen seafood unlike the "other" place and if they do use frozen seafood, they let you know ahead of time and give you a discount!  You can't top that at the "other" crawfish joint!Their restaurant has great parking and no wait for seating unlike the "other" crawfish place.  Decor can use some upgrading and more pizazz but they still have the best crawfish!
4	Admittedly, we only came here because HnJ had a line 45 minutes long, we were hungry, and Cajun Crawfish (CC) could seat us right away. We had been to HnJ several times in the past, driving right past Cajun Crawfish (CC), due to previous poor Yelp reviews. We're glad that we took the chance, and would definitely come again.12 of us rolled in around 9 p.m. (this place is open until  midnight on a Sunday night).  We were seated right away in the back area, near the Karaoke and the dart boards.  A fish tank was present, storing live crabs and crawfish.  The kiddies got a kick out of watching them swim about.We ordered what we would normally order at HnJ--2 lbs crawfish each, medium or spicy, house special sauce. I changed it up a bit, getting a fresh dungeness crab. I was surprised and pleased to see that they grabbed a crab from the tank--nothing like fresh seafood.The wait time was short, and the food piping hot.  The broth used to season/spice up the offerings was more souplike, rather than pasty like HnJ, and very flavorful.  Dipping the Cajun fries in the soup is a must, as is dipping the corn and potatoes into the broth. We asked for separate bowls of just broth, and ended up pouring most of it into the bag of leftovers that accompanied us home.Complaints:The chicken wings and chicken tenders did NOT come with fries.The darts are pretty beat up, and lost their fins midflight.Pretty minor complaints, i know, but thought i'd throw it out there.We initially went in with HnJ on our minds.  If you seek to compare the two, there is no comparison--they are just different, with different flavors.  If you go with an open mind, and just expect good, flavorful seafood, you'll get it at Cajun Crawfish.
1	Like so many others, we went here because Hot and Juicy had a forty minute wait...BIG mistake!!The service was awful:~ waiter forgot our "Cajun" fries~ our order came out with at least 10 minutes between everyone's dishes~ the waiter's English got shaky when we asked which flavor our shrimp were and complained about a mix upAlthough the shrimp are bigger, they don't compare to the bag of goodness the waitstaff delivers at the REAL crawfish place! Hot and Juicy is worth the wait...don't waste your time wit bad imitations
3	Looks like folks are givin' Cajun Crawfish a hard time.  Hmm.  Well, I've not yet been to the "other crawfish joint" in town, and I'm sure it's wildly amazing, but, I honestly really liked this place.When I walked in on a Saturday night, it wasn't hoppin', but it seemed to have some faithful followers.  The lighting is a little dim, but comfortable, and the tables are covered in white paper just waiting to be doused in butter.My friend and I used a restaurant.com coupon, which saved us $25 on our $35 bill, so could we really go wrong??We ordered the shrimp with the house special sauce (a mix of garlic butter and cajun sauce), crab legs in garlic butter, a potato and corn. The only complaint I really have is that the corn seemed over-cooked and looked... well... over-cooked.  Otherwise, I have no real complaints. Now, at places like this, the shrimp is served with its head. Seeing the faces of my food has never been a sought after experience for me, but... eh...  Here's to new experiences.  Once de-headed, the shrimp was good, albeit just a hair over done.  Still yummy in its garlicky-spicy sauce.  The show-stealer, though, was the crab legs.  DELICIOUS.  Have you ever licked the OUTSIDE of a crustacean?  Yeah, that good.  This sauce was out of this world!  Butter, garlic, garlic, garlic.  I believe I took a butter bath.  One of those experiences where you look up afterward, shake your head a little and try to remember where exactly you are.  So, perfect?  No.  Worth a try?  I would definitely say yes - especially if you choose to bathe with the crab legs in garlic butter.
4	We tried this place for dinner, and soooo glad we did.At first, I wasn't too happy with the fact that they didn't have the mayo.  My bf has a sauce that he makes that uses mayo as one of the ingredient to make the best sauce ever to dip those little crawfish tails into.  However, after tasting the crawfish, no sauce was needed.This place definitely has different flavors than that of HnJ, but I love it!We (the two of us) ordered 4lbs of the medium house special and 2 lbs of the medium house special shrimps.  They were all so FRESH and flavorful.  I was never a shrimp kind of girl, but this place made it so yummy, that I actually prefer the shrimp over the crawfish!The service was pretty slow though :(If I wasn't watching my cholesterol intake, I would eat at this crawfish joint every single weekend!  But since I am somewhat health conscious, once every two months is my limit.
4	Didn't like the crawfish since they told us it was frozen but the shrimp was great!!! also we enjoyed the chicken strip.  suprise there weren't that many customer.  Will definately return when they have fresh crawfish.
1	I'm writing about my experience i had here about a year ago.  It is one of the few places i can give a 1 score too.    My friends and I came here because the other big crawfish place was too crowded and we were all hungry.   My friend suggested we try this place but I was a little reluctant.  I'm from southern california and I am use to Boiling Crab quality shrimp and crawfish.   The fries were pretty average.   The sauce is really bland and watery.  It doesnt have much taste or kick to it.   We ordered the shrimp but that didnt seem to fresh.  The shell was really hard to get off.   I also felt like it was hard to tagged the waiter when we were there even though there was only a few customers.   All in all, i wouldnt come back here again.
