4	I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception. I went in during the busy lunch hour and received very fast service and good food in a clean environment. This location has a drive thru. I recommend the grilled chicken pita for lunch!
5	Holy nice Showmizzle Batman! I stopped by this Showmars tonight while waiting for a prescription to be filled at CVS next store. When I drove up, I was taken aback because I've never seen a Showmars with a drive thru--very nice!  It was hopping for a Tuesday night in south Charlotte. The interior is very soothing with orange hues and modern light fixtures. They have the same menu as all the other Showmars plus the specials of the day which you can't go wrong with a cheeseburger, fries and a drink for under $7. Lots of big booths in this place so seating wasn't an issue at all and they have a few flat screen tv's strategically placed around the restaurant so I was able to watch some ESPN while having my Super C. Score! Pun intended. Pepsi only up in this piece....I miss the days when Showmars served Coke. Super friendly employees as well, I didn't even have to get up to get a box or a refill!
4	Never a bad choice to stop in at a Showmars.  This location was great and very busy!  Not to worry, they are quick to serve and keep the line moving very well.  Love the salads they have and tried the ham and turkey salad.  It was fantastic and the warm pita bread that comes with it is a great compliment.  For those that haven't ever tried Showmars, you are missing out on some great food, friendly service and even though there are several locations it is a local business.
4	I really like this place!!!The food is cooked to order and everything I've tried has been delicious!The pita bread is always soft and fresh warmed to perfection with whatever topping you choose burgers, chicken breast or make it into a gyro! Any choice is super delicious! The seafood is also delicious! The shrimp are crispy and the fish sandwich is one of the best I've ever had, with the crinkle cut fries or onion rings and you have a delicious meal! Best part of all...they are not expensive at all for less than $10 you can get a very filling hot meal...which in my book is not bad at all!The staff here are all super friendly and the manager walks around asks about your day and even refills your drinks! This place is definitely going to the top of my YUMMY list!
5	Showmars is outstanding!This has to be my new "go to" spot for lunch if I am stuck between choices!  They never let you down!I have never been disappointed in any item off the sandwich, pita or salad side of the menu.  I cannot speak for the "dinner" portions as I have not ventured to that side of the menu.Their tag line says it all ... "Casual Dining ... Fast!"  You got that right.  The drive-thru is a quick and simple execution just like going inside to order "to go" or taking time to dine in.  They bring the food right out to you.  The staff is very friendly (that is hard to come by these days!) and are always eager to assist with anything including drink refills and clearing the table.The interior is a simple design with your standard dining booths and they provide a few televisions throughout for you to catch up on via news stations and the four letter sports network.
5	Inexpensive, fast, consistently good food - I love Showmars!  This location has a drive-thru which makes picking up dinner on the way home from work even more convenient.  My favorites are the chicken salad pita (the chicken salad is simple, which is perfect!), calabash shrimp dinner (lightly breaded, good sized shrimp served with the best tartar sauce I have ever had), the gyro (either pita sandwich or dinner platter) and the All American Jr. Pita Burger (the regular pita burger is 2 beef patties, the Jr. is only one and is plenty).  The fries are always hot and crispy.  The salads served in flour tortilla bowls are very good (either the grilled chicken or the ham & Turkey chef).  The ranch dressing is home-made and delicious.  I have never had a bad meal from here, everything tastes fresh and delicious.  The prices can't be beat for the quality and the speed of pick-up makes for an easy evening after a long day of work.  I love Showmars!
3	Showmars is still showmars, I tried three different locations in town (South Park Mall, Uptown, and this location on Park Rd). I haven't had showmars in a couple years and decided to rejuvenate my taste buds since I was craving mediterranean food. My review will be based on my experience at this location:Cons:1. Don't expect to find a parking spot at this location, especially during busy lunch hours. 2. Drive through line is so long it wraps around the entire store, so you may as well just park your car across the street at the CVS and walk over to dine inside.3. There will not be enough indoor seating, so expect to have to sit on the outside patio. This may be less tempting in the hot Charlotte summers. 4. I ordered the gyro platter, it was a mistake! I've never been to a mediterranean place that served my gyro in separate pieces, meaning the pita was separate from my meat. Did I mention there was no veggie for my pita, the picture on there menu looks nothing like the food I got. All I got was a piece of pita by itself and a cup of beef strips. Neutral:1. Wait time, I waited about 10-15 minute for my order...which could be a tad faster seeing it's a fast food chainPros:1. Great dining booths and interior decoration for a fast food joint. seriously, the inside looked like a sit down restaurant, great that they also have patio seating option. 2. Sanitation score is not bad, 96.53. Their daily specials4. Milkshakes are only $2.75 (Did not taste test to see if any good so I cannot comment on quality)Tip:-Check the board for their daily specials!! I cannot emphasize this enough. I wish I had just gotten the chicken gyro with fries which was a special going on for the day for just $5.69...The chicken gyro itself is worth $.5.29 already on the regular menu so this is a great deal. They have more than just gyros on special, they also have soup, salad etc.-If you want yummy authentic greek food, try greco fresh grille on Rea Rd, 10x better! Oh, need I mention that the price is just as competitive as showmars?
5	Their motto is "Good food, fast" and they mean it.  My favorite is the Gyro platter but have had most of the menu and it is all very good and is served very fast.  They have a wide variety of offerings from seafood to burgers to pitas.  They even have a BBQ sandwich. Their fries are the crinkle kind which you don't see very often anymore.  The staff is always friendly and happy.  Please be aware that they are closed on Sundays though.
5	I usually go to another showmars consistently, but I was in the area so we stopped in. The place was clean and the employees were very friendly. Showmars is also a 2nd amendment friendly restaurant which is great! Food came out hot and fresh and I was very happy with our waiter.  I will go back to this location soon.
5	Showmars is a Charlotte staple and I can't help visiting when I'm in town. The gyro meat is flavorful and tastes great with their Tzatziki sauce. I recommend the samora plate, souvlaki plate, or gyro pita. The kids meals are also good if you want a smaller portion. As of a couple years ago, they include a small drink and a mini M&Ms pack; the shrimp kid's meal is tasty and comes with sauce (cocktail or horseradish I believe).
5	I take my grandfather here once a week because he LOVES the food. Not only is the food great, but the staff is wonderful and we enjoy our visits there every week!
3	Thought we'd try Showmars; they are convenient. You place order at the counter and then find a table. Plenty tables available but every one was sticky. I don't consider a table top that holds on to you to be clean. Food was served quickly and is okay. Nothing slid off the table...
