1	Really cant believe the stupidity of the caliber of employees,  4 different Carls Jr. Managers from 2 stores. First store place order...order was discovered to be wrong NOT only the wrong burger, but absolutely plain several mins later after I left was on HWY....another Carls Jr. store on the way home I stop tell them the problem. NOW SAME OWNERS OF THESE LOCATIONS...I ASKED FIRST QUESTION... the store asst. managers both tell me NO they cant replace the burger from both stores...I have witnesses (a friend and 6 customers, 1 of whom left once she heard what was going on).....It gets better they both say they cant give away free food....and they dont want to get in trouble for it....MEANWHILE IM HEATED AND LAUGHING FROM THE STUPIDITY......Its was listen I paid for this shit $8.17 to be exact...your not giving me anything for free...Im looking for what I paid for...Meanwhile Now the Managers of each store is involved on phone and THEY REFUSED.......WTF REALLY IS WRONG WITH  YOUNG PEOPLE THESE DAYS...IS OUR YOUNGER GENERATION OF KIDS REALLY THIS DUMB!!  To FINISH I will be calling Corporate on both stores, the BBB, and emailing sites all over the internet.
1	Per Shawns review above. I was with him when this happened. Really as a company how are you going to get the order wrong...and then not replace it after he paid for it...location should not matter.
2	Um, no.  I need to quit eating fast food anyway, but...ugh.  I just moved out west and had never eaten at a Carl's Jr.  Won't be eating there again.
1	This Carls Jr sucks royally! The cashiers were MIA for several minutes. Finally some dopey looking girl came out and asked me what I wanted. I placed my order. She nodded, typing it into the machine. Then she looks up at me again with that dopey expression. She clumsily hands me one of those plastic numbers and a cup. I'm not sure if she was stoned or mentally challenged or whatever. I got my drink and sat down, making sure I placed the number where it could be seen. I waited...and waited. finally another cashier wandered over and timidly asked me if I'd been helped yet. I replied yes and handed her my receipt. She apologized and went to inform the cook.Another ten minutes later I get my food and by then my appetite is gone. But I ate anyway. meanwhile some drunk guy gets up from the back and starts bugging people for money. It took the staff ten minutes to remove him.Don't go to this one unless you are starving to death.
1	I went here on my birthday. Had a coupon for buy one get one free TURKEY teriyaki burgers. Was rudely cut off while making order. What I received was teriyaki hamburgers.  They made me and a friend feel sick that night. Was told that I'd get a call back and my money. Never got a refund or call back. Complained to the Better Business Bureau and they never responded. Go else where for better food and service.
3	Due to being rerouted by construction I have stopped here a couple of times for a quick snack.  Not really my favorite area of town but the food was prepared correctly and the place was clean.  The one time I used the restroom it was also clean.
2	The service here was fine.  The food came out faster than I remember in the past.I think Carl's Jr food is something you have to acquire a taste for.  I never have.
1	Not even worth 1 star! This location is SLOW!!!! I waited in a packed drive thru for a half an hour until I got my meal. I come here a few times a week and my order is usually wrong. It seems like the people that work here are more interested in having fun with each other then actually doing their job. After today I have made the decision ever to eat here again.
1	Horrible.. Famous star meal no cheese and hi c is what I asked for.. Came to the Window found out they had no hi c.. Came home found out they had extra cheese on my burger.. Never going again
2	I would give a 1 star but I don't like doing that. The employees were semi-nice, but don't go out of their way. But seriously if I have to wait 15 minutes for my food I am not going to be happy. The guy in front of me waited for 1 cheeseburger for 17 minutes. They are not even busy?? I don't get it. How about you hire more than 2 employees to get you through an evening. It's highly annoying! It is always like this at this location, so don't be surprised if you have to wait a half hour to get your food. Your better off going to a sit down place. Also, if you ordered your food to go, make sure you check the bag before you go. They will always forget your fries.
1	One of the worst salads Carl's Jr and I have always had an on again off again relationship based on their hit and miss quality of food.  I have had some great food at Carl's Jr and some of the absolute worst food a Carl's Jr.  Today, the absolute worst took on a whole new meaning. Two co-workers and I decided to grab a quick bite to eat.  So we headed to Carl's Jr for a salad.  I was really disappointed. We ordered the grilled chicken salad which consisted of wilted mixed greens, unripe tomato and chicken which was like pencil eraser pellets, didn't seem like real meat. I just could not bring myself to even eat one piece.   Not appetizing at all. I tried to pick out all the wilted green, unripe tomatoes, and unappetizing chicken. I thought okay things should be better. Now with the horrible chicken taste removed all that was left was cucumbers. Don't think I will be back any time soon.
4	Hello Burger Lovers, I just wanted to post a review to help show my gratitude for the wonderful changes in this store.  I normally do not write reviews for fast food chains BUTTTTTT I decided to see what was in the reviews for this store. And because this store was once a hated place for me and because there are more negative reviews than positive reviews I must spread the word of what's happening now.A while back I complained to the owner and when I say I complained I mean I went all in. This owner got an ear full and by the time I was done with him he was heated at what he heard.I remember him clearly saying he was going to fix this store but it would take some time. I wasn't sure if he was for real BUT let me tell you HE WAS.I just happened to go in and try it again and to my surprise it was AWESOME. I seen friendliness and smiles and it felt real. I even heard the manager Elia Bonfil say to me: (How may I serve you and with a smile? ). It shocked me. You see I'm a real service person so I get names and titles. And the sales associate Elizabeth was soooooo kind and polite I couldn't turn my attention from watching her. Now I wanted to be sure what I was experiencing wasn't a fluke so I went back again. And this time on a different shift. And to my surprise it was REAL. Now there is a male manager there who isn't at the caliber of the ladies in this store but please ignore just him. Maybe he will rise after I call the owner again and tell him the great news.The rest are doing such a great job I had to write about it and at least do something positive for them. So now they have a great review on top of the bad ones. And I'm going to go one step further to help the owner out with doing such a great job. I'm going to contact these past negative review yelpers to ask them to read my review and to go and see for themselves. Now please go in the store and avoid the drive thru just to see what I'm talking about. I hope and pray that these changes are here to stay. I'm so impressed with the new team I look forward to eating there again inside.GREAT JOB TEAM. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK. AND AS A LATINA YOU LATINO'S ARE NOW REPRESENTING PROPERLY.PLEASE KEEP IT UP....AND PLEASE MAKE SURE THOSE COOKS ARE PAYING CLOSE ATTENTION TO QUALITY CONTROL. NOW THIS STORE HAS A GREAT CHANCE OF BEING STELLAR.
1	This place gave me food poisoning on 1/5/2015. I have not been here in a while...now I know why...the only reason I went back because I wanted to try the new "All Natural Burger" So I got it as a low carb option...which means no bun...I also got the Lo carb Jalapeno burger. First lets talk about price...All I got was the two burgers...NO drink...NO Fries...with no buns...so basically burgers wrapped in lettuce...$15.14...Rip OFF!!!!! Seriously for the price I paid I could of bought a head of lettuce, the meat and all the fixings and fed a family of 6. Secondly...this place is dirty...as I walked in, there were two Little Ceasers pizza boxes sitting on top of the bushes next to the Redbox dvd rental machines, along with a few empty drinking containers...and in general allot of trash. Once you get inside it's not much better. I made my order, seriously almost shit myself when the girl told me the price. Thinking this better be the best burger I have ever eaten. The girl gave me my little table number tent and I then proceeded to sit down...most of the tables were dirty...not sure how they can't keep up on this stuff it was 8:40pm...and besides me there were only 3 other people in the building, a couple and what appeared to be a homeless guy in the back maybe drinking coffee.My food was brought out on a tray by a girl...first thing I noticed is my napkin dispenser at the table is empty, so I had to get up to get them at another table...and the tray she brought it to me on was warped...so it didn't sit on the table flat...seriously why wouldn't you throw this thing out?? Let's talk about taste...the all natural burger...literally looked like a piece of flattened grilled dog food, and was so greasy...I mean like literally left a puddle of grease in my hamburger box... and it tasted bad...like it may of possibly been bad...but I thought to myself...maybe it was just because it was all natural. I was wrong...let's just say...the last few days I have been sick to my stomach felt like I was getting stabbed with razor blades and I had the worst fever. I am sure this food was the cause, it was all I had eaten that day, and all I had except for an iced tea from Starbucks. I will never go back to this location. It's dirty on all accounts. Gross. Don't pay attention to the review below saying that this place is good, I honestly think that was written by someone that works there. So bad. DON'T EVER GO HERE...EVER...you could die from food poisoning!
