5	My Wife and I have been taking our cars here for a couple of years now, 2006 Honda CRV & 2008 Toyota Prius. Since they are newer cars and reliable models/brands, one wouldn't expect to have to do any major repairs, which has been the case. However, when waiting in the lobby on for our oil changes and such, I've overheard the techs dealing with customers that have major repairs and they are very detailed in their explanations, and by and large, they do not seem like ripoff artists AT ALL, which is usually the case with these auto fix-it places, Even with just a simple oil change they inspect the vehicle thoroughly, even telling this lady last time I was there that her license plate light was out (and it'd be $8.00 to fix). Clean, friendly, thorough place, and they'll even give you a ride home or to work if the repair takes a while.
1	Careful! Shady guys working there. I broke down on the 101 and was about 15 miles from home, did a quick search on the net and had my tow truck driver take my car to this place. They called a day or so later and gave me a quote of well over 1000 to fix my car and started naming a whole laundry list of "what ifs" that can be wrong and how much it will cost me if the "what ifs" happen. Well needless to say, I had my car towed out of there immediately. Took it to my usual mechanic and even after paying the tow truck, and Greulichs assanine "diagnostic" fee, I was still less than the Greulichs butthole quote. Oh yeah, and NONE of the "what ifs" I was given were an issue.BTW, What the hell do shocks have to do with "get my car up on the road and running"???? Just sayin'. I may be a girl, however you cant pull a fast one on me....  OH yeah, I am placing a complaint with the BBB.
1	They are super expensive, No I mean ULTRA EXPENSIVE.They'll find an entire pecking list of things, that they'll suggest, you let them repair. I wouldn't go anywhere near, any of their multiple locations.If you enjoy. being played ... any of Greulich's many locations, will obligue you.
1	Shady Shady!!! I have to be careful no matter where I go in the auto repair business because being a lady - shocker alert- I am taken advantage of, over and over and over again. Well chalk this up as another bunch of jerks trying to play me. So I come in on a weekday morning to get a routine oil change- while servicing my car the front desk guy comes out to me with a clipboard and says my cv joints on the front axle are in such bad shape it is only a matter of time before my car just breaks down on me and won't move because it's going to snap and break. Oh- and for only $400 they can just take care of this for me today. This isn't my first rodeo, so I call my dad like I usually do and ask if this is first, a legit repair, and second, if the price is accurate. He says both seem ok but I should make some calls around to get second opinions and also bring it to another body shop to get the cv joints checked.WELL aren't I glad I did this!!! The next shop I brought it to told me in fact there was nothing wrong with my cv joints but a mere bolt loose that he tightened for me on the spot, for free. Thanks a lot for nothing you slimeballs.
1	I brought in my Volvo for simple routine maintenance, they forgot to rest the warning indicator, so I brought it back and it took them a half hour to reset, and they charged over $200. A week later my battery failed, and it was all corroded, and obviously never inspected. I am going back to the dealer where they charge less and I don't have any further issues. Stay away.
1	Wish I could 0 stars ...will rob you of your hard earned money. I took it for a check engine light and they charged me 200 without even fixing it suggesting it to take it to volvo sr...an oil change mechanic fixed the check engine in 10 min after retrieving code ..it was some kind of cap that he needed to tighten which lead to some leak. And it was free of cost.
