1	I can't take it anymore....will someone please put Dave Pratt out of his misery and send him packing? What jackass at this station decided to give this washed up has-been the morning drive time slot? Not only does this goofball get to blather on about dumb shit, he actually takes pride in having "no format"! He played "Whitesnake" yesterday.....WHITESNAKE!!! Are you fucking kidding me? I know this guy was king shit on 98 KUPD about 30 years ago but c'mon, its 2011 and you are now a dj on an ALTERNATIVE radio station. If we wanted to hear Whitesnake we could roll the knob down to 93.3 and suffer there.Pratt is the laughing stock of the radio industry in this town and the ratings reflect it. He's bombed out of every job he's had since he left KUPD. The other stations are making a mockery of this disaster. Mark Curtis should run and save whatever dignity he still has left. The guy that was on before Pratt sucked too but at least he played relevant music.I'll be over on 98 until you guys get your shit together.Whitesnake, really?
1	What a lame transition. Disappointed entirely with the decision to switch over to classic rock. Dave Pratt= asshole.
1	Classic rock sucks.  Play NEW music.
1	Terrible idea! the worst format change ever.  By Gen X for Gen X? Really, I'm a Gen Xer and I'm tired of classic rock, we already have our damn fill here in the valley.  Why duplicate every other rock station here in the valley?  This will be dead in a year or so and we will have yet another format change, meanwhile listen to 106.7, a small independent station.  Not as good as the Bay areas 105.3 or LA's Krock, but it will have to do.  They are forcing us to XM or streaming radio, I want my local station back! X 103.9 SUCKS!
1	I really, really hate the new format change. If I wanted to listen to my parent's music, well, then I guess I'd listen to my parent's music. Know what song I heard the other day? Eye of the Tiger. Seriously???????
4	I listen online: The player is quick loading and doesn't slow my system at all. The player works just as nice in my classroom when my students are working independently.   The music isn't as clear as it could be but love the music from my era. It's "My 103.9" now, not x 103.9
1	When the format change happened a last year, this station lost its spot on my radio presets.  Whoever made the executive decision to 86 the alternative format, you need to be tied up and have cassette tapes thrown at your head.  You already had most of the valley Clear Channel stations to listen to the Black Eyed Peas and whatever other top 40s bubble gum crap.  Why did you have to get rid of the only alternative/punk/ska station in the valley!?  I want my Ramones and Depeche Mode!  I want Chuck Powell and the Morning Ritual!  "It is a format that has mass appeal with upscale adults. The business decision is to appeal to a large audience with financial means and discretionary income, and is the fastest growing format and the #1 format for out-of-home listening."So I guess that means that us tattooed and pierced people are broke-asses.  I sure wish the IRS knew that and would quit raping me every pay period and come tax time.  Cause, they seem to think I'm made of money.
