5	When you decide to name your business Amazing Face Painting, you set the expectations pretty high right from the start. Well, Amazing Face Painting is AMAZING. I'd highly recommend them for a party or event. They are professional, friendly, efficient but not rushed, and the quality of their face painting is terrific. They are able to work with kids of all ages, while creating a wide variety of highly detailed designs. Awesome.
2	Lucy is a good artist and very creative. HOWEVER she's not much of a business person. She showed up to our child's bday party with only 1/2 hour left for the party when we had scheduled her for 2 hrs. She denied that we had set a time for her to come, but when we brought up the emails she then promised us two free parties. Well now we're trying to contact her for a party but she's not responding to phone calls or emails.
2	They showed up 20 minutes late at our hour long party, many kids were disappointed that they could not get their face paintedI tried to call them several times to find out what was happening and nobody answered. Nobody has contacted me to apologize,  Unfortunately I had not seen previous reviews on this service, it seems that been late is normal for themI would not recommend them
5	I have used Lucy several times for birthday parties and I have recommended her for other friends too!She is awesome with kids, fun, prompt, reasonably priced, and efficient. Lucy has top quality artistic ability so I even go to her for halloween face painting :-) I love Lucy and Amazing face painting. I hope she never moves because I want to use her over and over again!
5	Lucy was at a Super Bowl 48 party sponsored by a mutual friend.  Not only was she face painting the children at the party but myself and our mutual friedn had our face painted showing off the team we each rooted for!  She is an amazing artist and the fact I was trying to watch the game, she did it quick so I could get back to the game!  It looked great and everyone loved it!  Thanks Lucy!  I have been spreading the word about your company since that time!
5	Lucy was amazing! Booked her last June 20th for my daughters first birthday 6-8pm. She came early and said she would start earlier and leave the same time. The grown ups loved her work as much as the kids did! She stayed until everyone who wanted to be face painted got theirs done. She even did balloon twisting even though I only asked for face painting. She was very professional and courteous to the party. Awesome, awesome, awesome! Highly recommend her to everyone! She offers the best price out there! Thanks Lucy for everything! Our friends have not yet stop talking about you on your great work!
5	I have worked with Lucy from Amazing Face Painting on a number of jobs. All I can say is WOW, this is about as GOOD as it gets. What a pro and nice too!! She handles the kids so well and the standard of her work is beyond belief!! You would be a fool not to hire her!!!Charles Strachan. (702) 324-8501
5	Lucy is amazing, she come on time on my daughter birthday on june 14. She get involve directly with the kids n paint amazing character, she paint fast n the result very good.
5	Omgeeeee amazing artist!!!  Lucy did airbrush facepaint at my party last week that was waterproof with super cute designs.  I can't believe it stayed on when the kids swam in the pool!  I'm definitely booking them again next year!
