3	I remember back circa 1991 when I was a freshman in high school, everybody read IN PITTSBURGH.  It was THE free weekly newspaper and it had the concerts, comic strips, and news features that the Post Gazette and the Tribune Review would not touch.  Somewhere along the line, probably when I was a junior or so, the new kid PITTSBURGH CITY PAPER came along.  I didn't think it would survive.  After all, Pittsburgh didn't need TWO of the same thing.Well, I was wrong.  IN PITTSBURGH is no more and the PITTSBURGH CITY PAPER is the source for alternative news and such that IN PITTSBURGH used to provide.  I was never one for the news that these types of papers provide.  I like to read CITY PAPER'S take on things.  But these papers are best for concert reviews, happenings around town, and movie reviews.
2	I'm a huge fan of these weekly alternative periodicals. Unfortunately the City Paper has all but vanished from the scene, in it's place a weekly paper hits the stands with nothing but ads, a few music reviews and a restaurant review. Oh, how I miss the days when In Pittsburgh and The City Paper were vying for readership.What happened to that edgy, ruffling of the feathers wit we used to get in stories that meant something? Did the editor lose touch? Did he grow old and lose that liberal ferocity? Or, did every hungry reporter leave town and head to NYC to work at The Village Voice, a REAL alternative newspaper that has more readers than the Times.In a large college town like Pittsburgh, a real alternative weekly should be covering college sports, national and local politics, pop culture, the local music scene, computer news, finances...etc.Instead we get a weekly story, nothing that needs much undercover work, nothing that would cause local politicians to shake in their boots. Nothing that would cause the Post Gazette to stand up and take notice. Basically running feel good stories that will keep the City Paper out of the courts.As much as I hate Mark Madden, at least when he wrote a story in the City Paper it was edgy, eye opening, and he was usually correct.The City Paper is in need of new blood, after all it's 2010 and the editor needs replaced in favor of hungrier reporters who have a story worth telling.
