5	It's been ages since I've been to a Bahama Bucks! I really love this place, they have the best shaved ice and just about a gazillion flavors (even pickle juice folks, seriously). And what can be better than a delicious shaved ice in the valley of the sun??? They also have great smoothies and other treats, and I just saw today that they do 1/2 price sodas from 2-5PM each afternoon. I wanna go back and try the Caribbean soda, it sounded lip smacking good.My last tip: splurge for the cream on top of your shaved ice. It's 50 cents of pure heaven...
5	I love pink bubble gum with cream. It's so bomb :)
4	definitely something to try! there are SO many flavors to choose from (for the shaved ice) including sugar-free flavors! and the bahama rama mama style is my favorite with added cream and ice cream at the bottom! i would say the only downside i have found so far is that there might almost be TOO many flavors, it's rather overwhelming your first time. there are suggestions on their website on what flavors to pair together, but they don't have these suggestions in store.
5	Best sno cone in AZ! Make sure to get 2 flavors and add the cream. Sooo good!
2	First two times we had their shaved ice it was exceptionally good to the last bit left in the cup. But the last 2 trips have been rather disappointing, almost halfway down into the shaved ice we start hitting plain white snow with no flavor to be found. Employees please take note and make sure you add enough flavor, maybe ill come back.
4	Delicious!  A fun treat!  Add cream!I like peach and pineapple with cream.  This was recommended to me by a friend and she was spot on!  It's soooooo good!  I've tried other flavors, but I keep coming back to 1/2 peach and 1/2 pineapple with cream.Perfect for really hot summer days.  Just remember not to over do your sugar intake.  Dental tip: Rinse your mouth with water afterwards.
5	YUM. Go in the winter for triple and double stamps. We went and it was like 40 degrees outside (I know, we are crazy) but we got triple stamped on our card and were on our way to earn a free shaved ice. Prices range from $2.50 onwards. Its fairly low priced for a sweet treat and they have sugar free flavors too which are not bad!BY FAR BEST FLAVOR: Super sour strawberry with cream. Im not kidding. it sounds weird. I have taken votes and surveyed everyone I have made try this. Its bomb.comEnjoy!
4	I randomly looked at my groupons today and realized that this one was expiring so we went for an after school treat.There are so many choices!! I got the strawberry cheesecake with ice cream on the bottom (would have been better without). My kids got root beer float and pink bubblegum. All with cream. They tasted exactly like you would think.I wish there had been some outdoor seating, maybe there is later into the season. When we got there it was pretty empty but filed up quick. All the kids working were really nice, probably the best customer service I have experienced from highschoolers. I overheard a lot of them making recommendations.I wish they had a sampler on the menu. There are so many flavors, it be nice to have an option to try five or so, in a smaller capacity. I was also impressed that the sugar free flavors are sweetened with stevia, and not that Splenda crap.I'll be back for sure...and i'll be getting the pickle juice flavor.
3	Um this is freakishly far out there. Had a groupon and "had to go use it"I mean it was good, but the distance to travel for this is not worth it.This place is where all the high school kids go to hang out. Just be prepared for those kiddos when you come to this place.
4	A ton of flavors to choose from, over 86 different flavors to be exact (I counted them). Enjoyable atmosphere, the staff was friendly and was able to give you a good description of flavors and help you with any questions you might have. The service was quick only a 5 minute or less to get shaved ice depending on how busy it is. As for space to sit, it is a little small only 6 booths to sit in. Each able to hold 4 people with ease, no chairs so don't bring large parties to stay unless you want to be a different tables. I plan on coming here again, hope my review helps you.
5	I love this place!
5	Moving here from Colorado this has been a great place. They dont have places like this that I ever seen.. The ice id super soft just like snow.. Its not like a crunchy cheap snow cone.. its melt in your mouth ice snow..They have what seems like endless flavors to pick from and you can mix flavors too!  Be sure to order with the cream on top! Heaven! Something I love is that the sugar free options are made with Stevia which is healthy and not garbage like Aspartame or Sucralose. Lots a sugar free flavor options as well.They offer extra punches on you punch card of the weather is chilly, varies on the actual outdoor temp. I love that they are open late! I just wish they were open on Sunday!We will return!!!!
5	My kids just love Bahamas Bucks. I appreciate that they can provide a nutritional menu for allergies and carb counting diabetic child. The staff is very friendly and and they allow you to sample the shaved ice flavors beforehand.
5	I love Bahama Bucks!  The service was excellent. All staff were in great moods and our experience was perfect.The best part about this place is that their ice is so finely shaved that there are no ice chunks. All smooth and the flavors are so good. So many options.
5	How have I not been to this place before? Got the Mango Creme and Sour Watermelon and my kid got the Birthday Cake. Absolutely fantastic! The place was packed but was still fast. The customer service was great too, I forgot to say no whipped cream on one of the smoothies and was quickly remade with no hesitation. Thank you ladies for being awesome! We definitely will be back.
5	This place is delicious! Plus, I love the coupons that come in the ValPak. I usually can't find the self control to not order the Bahama Rama Mama.. So yummy!
4	The shaved ice here is amazing. Good selection to choose from as well. The service however leaves much to be desired. The place is often staffed by a skeleton crew of teenagers so there is always a wait. The last time I was in, the two behind the counter were bad mouthing the owner...  Very unprofessional.
3	We've been wanting to try this place ever since we moved out here.  For a pretty cool, spring night, the place was packed!  The service was great as though the staff was young, they were very helpful and friendly.  The atmosphere is also very family-friendly.  However, the flavors were a bit too syrupy for me and I wasn't a big fan of the consistency of the ice.  It's probably because I prefer more of the Hawaiian shaved ice and tropical flavors.  If you're looking for the regular root beer, bubble gum, etc type of shaved ice, this is perfect!  However, if you're craving lychee, mango, or tamarind, you're better off at Kea Lani down in San Tan Mall.
3	Usually i am very satisfied with this Bahama Bucks location,  but have recently been very disappointed. I came in 5/22/14 and waited 35 minutes for my order to be taken and then, forgotten about. On 5/27/14 I ordered a shaved ice and it was once again, forgotten about. I did not even receive an apology. I offered constructive criticism and said to one of the employees, "Just some advice for the future, I would recommend writing down the orders of customers because this is the 2nd time in a row this has happened to me now. If I was your supervisor I would be very upset." The young kid was very respectful about it and did agree with me, however, as I watched the next few orders, he failed still to write them down. Very disappointed.
5	This place is simply awesome. I lived it. The menu and flavors for shaved ice are almost endless. It was great! Will definitely be returning. Just hope that the chain doesn't stop expanding looking forward to it maybe expanding to California. Great place. Very friendly and family oriented. Definitely recommend to anyone trying to not melt this summer.. Or evwn for a date.. Who knows. Its good.
4	The shaved ice here is pretty good.  They have a ton of flavors and options for a cold treat and the service and treats are typically consistent.  In my opinion its still just shaved ice with a little bit of better presentation and a storefront.  The best shaved ice Ive ever had was a stand in Hawaii and they had some more exotic flavors such as lychee.  That stuff is AMAZING.  All in all, if you are looking for shaved ice this is a sure bet to please you.
5	Best Shaved ice in town! Fun with the umbrella's and ring game. They even gave my son a piece of snow to throw at one of the workers outside. Great service and amazing product!
5	So I'm giving g 5stars based on how neat I think it is!!! Someone ordered a party pack for our office and it was just wonderful! I was very impressed and I love his they also include an umbrella to dress up your snow cup/cone  ! Tigers blood was amazing !!!
