5	This is my family's favorite place for take out and delivery! Owner/chef Sam can do no wrong! Big, giant DELICIOUS gyros, amazing pizza and awesome service have made this our number one spot. My only complaint is the hummus. It may be authentic but I feel that it needs a little spice or salt. Support this great restaurant in Carrick! I'm constantly afraid that they'll disappear!EDITED: FAMILY RESTAURANT JUST WENT FROM FOUR STARS TO FIVE! I ordered the falafel sandwich and it is the best I've ever had. I have a new favorite. Holy cow... I want another one right now!
4	Grape leaves are hot and tender. Salad was crisp expertly dressed. The lamb is brilliant, the pilaf plain but expertly made and piping hot. The schwarma is also expertly made and extremely tasty. Avoid the iced tea. Overall, however, well worth the price.
5	My wife and I went there for the first time & it was delicious.  Everything from the salad to the baklava was great. Gotta check this place out for awesome Mediterranean food. We'll b back again soon.
5	We stopped back again and weren't disappointed.  We had hummus for our starter,  my wife had tabboolee & shawarma platter, I had house salad & combo kabob. It's was delicious & filling.  The owners are very nice also. Always checking on you. Our new go to place.  Go check it out.
5	Family Restaurant is Carrick's hidden jem! I have eaten here numerous times and never got a bad meal.Sam, the owner, and his wife are very nice and welcoming. The place is very clean and cozy. They treat you like family that has come over their house.The food here is really good and authentic Middle Eastern food. I love their hummus and pita. I usually get the rice pilaf and mix the hummus in it. Something about their rice pilaf is so good, it is unlike any other rice pilaf that I have had. The falafel is excellent, crunchy enough to have a bit of a bite but fluffy on the inside and full of flavor! The spinach and meat pies are out of this world! They have so much filling and flavor. You have to try them or you are missing out!I also have had their gyros and they are good. The meat is very tasty and not super greasy like at other places.After all you eat, you might be full, but do not leave without getting the baklava. THE BAKLAVA IS TO DIE FOR. It is just scrumptious!!! The sweetness of the butter and honey is perfect, not overwhelming at all. It is perfect, it isn't too runny and it is not too dry. Do not leave without having a bite!!!
5	I love this place! The owners are so warm and personable and the food is delicious! The prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. There are other restaurants in the area that I enjoy but none of them offer the some type of service-the owners make you feel like family and that goes a long way in my book.
5	What a surprise this place is!  Great Middle Eastern food and pizza and wings. I to believe it is a hidden Gem. Spread the word great food great prices.
5	Great food for the area. They deliver to me and it is certainly the best food in Carrick. I love the Meze, but also have tried the gyro and falafel. Yum!
