4	This place is actually located behind Fiesta Burrito at 1649 N. 74th St. in Scottsdale.  This is just north of McDowell on 74th st. This is the Mecca for Soda enthusiasts.  They stock so many different styles and flavors that you can spend a good deal of time just walking around and browsing.  You can buy by the six pack or build your own mix pack of individual bottles.  The place is well organized by style and the prices are pretty reasonable.They have chocolate sodas, coffee sodas and even Radar O'Reilly's favorite, Grape Nehi.  I found a lot of stuff I hadn't seen since I was a kid.  According to their website they were threatened with litigation from Coke and Pepsi so don't expect to find those two on the shelves.They are closed on Sunday so plan your visit accordingly!
5	I'm a soda nut, but unfortunately a slowing midlife metabolism has not allowed me to indulge the way I used to. I come here for one reason and one reason only: Jones Sugar-Free Black Cherry Soda by the bottle. Such an underrated and undersold flavor! Thanks to Pop I can buy the shit by the caseload. Lots of cool old-school sodas, they also have some candy I haven't seen in a while. Nice, hip staff.
5	This is a local gem!100's of sodas you thought were extinct are alive and well at Pop. I highly recommend you try a "hot ginger ale". This is kinda like a Mall of soft drinks... or maybe that warehouse at the end of Indian Jones...Jeff (owner) is a super nice guy and will help you find some amazing beverages.
5	I actually found this place while test driving a car one Saturday afternoon.There is an amazing selection of sodas.  There are sodas I have not found since I was younger..  I found a few sodas I didn't know existed and sodas that I have not found anywhere else in Phoenix.This is a cool store.
5	All that needs to be said about this place is they carry Big Red in a bottle in the fridge.  Heaven.They have many fun flavors of bottled soda to choose from.  There is outside seating if you can't wait to make it back home and enjoy that frosty Big Red.My brother tried the A&W root beer float soda.  The packaging is enticing, but don't fall for it, the product is tastes like you dumped half & half into your A&W.  Just get a regular root beer and stop by the grocery store and pick up some ice cream.  I promise you'll be better off.I bought a few other soda flavors when I was there.  Apparently people like that they carry the Mexican Coke and Dr. Pepper, but I could care less.  I mean, they have Big Red in a bottle!
5	Soda Pop is the reason that I live.  When I found this store years ago, I thought I was in heaven.  In my normal life I drink my staple 3 sodas: Pepsi, Dr. Pepper and MR Pibb.  When I want to want to be different and wild and let my hair down, I visit Pop the Soda Shop.  I usually end up getting more that I can carry, but end up drinking them all on the way home.  For those people that miss soda in a bottle, this is the place to go.  I love to get NEHI, Crush or Hire's Root Beer.  I usually also get one that has ingredients that would make most people cringe.  You will have fun here deciding what to choose, and what to choose next time you come.  Try a soda made with sugar instead of corn syrup, you will love it!
2	Wow for the love of Soda Pop, I even like how the name settles the dispute between the name Soda or Pop when referring to carbonated drinks.  Don't bee fooled the do have a large array of water as well.  I love Root Beer and they have more than I can DrinkFive stars all the way, Service people are helpful and cool.  you won't find a better selection in Scottsdale.  When you walk in you cant leave with out getting a drink or two.used to give it five but they closed what else can i do.  whyyy. will here ever be another soda shop.
4	Someday, when I have a big enough office or the freedom to set my own rules, I am going to put in one of this dorm-size fridges and stock it with a bunch of cool sodas that you can't find anywhere except this store. Until then, I have to be satisfied with stopping in once in a while when I find myself in the area and filling up a random 6-pack of drinks. Just the chance to find sasparilla, orange creme sodas, Dublin Dr. Pepper (when it's in stock), ginger ales and root beers makes my mouth water. I still have a preference for drinking an ice cold soda out of a glass bottle and this is one of the few places to still find them.
5	This place is like walking into a carbonated sugary wonderland! I love soda, LOVE LOVE LOVE it! I don't care that it's bad for me, makes me gain weight, and sends me into a super crazy sugar rush, I don't think I'll ever shake the taste I have for that super sweet treat. Even though I stopped drinking it regularly years ago I still can't help myself when it comes to good quality soda (or even crap soda). I love it all. Most importantly, Pop the Soda Shop has an array of every flavor of micro brew soda you could imagine, as well as the major players. There's also quite a few selections made with cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup.After asking staff what his recommendation was for great root beer, he helped us by explaining the difference in taste between brands. He knew  everything about their selection and directed us to the best root beer either of us had tasted.
5	I have become a soda snob, and it's Pop the Soda Shops fault.  Sure I could drink regular Dr. Pepper and Mr. Pibb, but why would I want to knowing that Dublin Dr. Pepper and Dr. Dublin exist?Pop carries all sorts of boutique sodas, many with pure cane sugar as the major sweetener.  I used to love Coke, Pepsi, and even Royal Crown, but now I just taste bland high fructose corn water.  Thanks Pop the Soda Shop, for ruining everything.
5	This place effing rocks!  Boylan, Moxie, Faygo, Dad's, Fentimans, Kutztown Soda Works and more!  Like 1400 kinds of bevvies!Since moving from my native Pennsylvania Dutch country I've had a dickens of a time finding birch beer anywhere.  These guys have multiple different kinds and I grabbed a bottle of each to sample.  I also got some dry & extra dry ginger ales and the BF got a Fentimans Curiosity Cola and a Faygo Rock & Rye (cream soda). Everything so far has been amazing!!Ever since a transatlantic flight about 15 years ago when I had my frist taste of Canada Dry "Extra Dry "Ginger ALe (in the red can) I have been on the hunt for extra dry ginger ales domestically. While Pop didnt have that particular kind, they offer an impressive assortment of indie brews, hard to find sodas, nostalgic bevvies, lots of cane sugar sodas (as opposed to the high fructose schlock forced upon us elsewhere).  They had a wide selection of European bevvies and many kinds of ginger beer (Moscow Mule, anyone??)  Lots of diet sodas too if you have "the betes" and can't drink sugar anymore. You can sample sodas by buying just a bottle of each or buy things by the case.  Most beverages ran around $1.20 per bottle which is totally right on for mixing and matching 'til your heart's content.  They have shelves of product and lots of different drinks in coolers to grab one and go -- or sit at one of the parlour tables out front, relax in the sun and enjoy a refreshing ice cold sodee-pop!Whoever stared this store is a luminary and a God send and deserves to be knighted by the Queen.
5	If I ever develop diabetes, this shop is seriously responsible and I love it!The staff is always helpful and makes sure to greet you when you come in. This place is stocked full of every flavor and type of soda you could imagine as well as seltzer waters and retro candies. Plus, they have coolers in the back with some of the sodas already cold and ready for consumption.I am addicted to Henry Weinhard's Root Beer, Not See Kola, and Red Cola.
4	If you like soda or pop or soda pop or whatever you prefer to call it, now would be a good time to come to my house.  We have 31 bottles...or we did, I've seen my husband with a different drink several times today.Half the fun is the shopping, the other half the drinking of course.  Don't believe they have every soda imaginable, however.  No Sun Drop (I'm not sure they ever stock it anymore) and no Dublin Dr. Pepper for now.  But, we did manage to find plenty else to try.  I won't name everything we bought--partly because you probably don't care and partly because you need to be surprised when you visit!And with that, I believe I am a little parched.  I think I hear a Sprecher cool & spicy ginger ale calling.
5	This place brings me happiness...I have been planning a retro cocktail party in a suite at the Valley Ho for my husbands B-day. The hotel offers a "retro soda and candy" basket they place in the room upon arrival. I found out for $30 it only comes with 3 sodas. (Yikes!) So I did some research and found this wonderful place. Now I have enough to serve my entire guest list for the same price.These are busy, hectic and stressful times - so it's nice to feel like you're going back in time to a more simple, fun way of life. Today my husband and I met at Pop The Soda Shop after a long day at work and had a little "mini" date, picking out a variety of soda's and having a toast outside to our stolen moment of happiness together. My favorite is the Buderim Ginger Beer, but Craig loves the orange cream. You can't go wrong. There's something there for everyones palette.
4	I went here, not because I was looking for a particular type of soda, not even because I drink a lot of soda, but just to see what it was all about.What a found was a tiny little store the size of a shed jam-packed with the craziest assortment of beverages I'd ever seen.  (Okay, maybe it just seemed that small because it was so full of stuff!)In boxes on the floor, on shelves, in the coolers, sodas in every color, of every type.My friend and I both picked out a few bottles, trying to get a good assortment of old and new, different flavors and colors, but really it would take me a few years to try everything here.  I grabbed a few that seemed especially unique and funny to give as gifts to co-workers.Just go here to do something different.  Yes, you can go to Circle K or QT and get a giant fountain drink for around a dollar, but that's not what this shop is about.  Go here to remember that there was a time when your drink choices weren't just Coke vs. Pepsi.  You just might be pleasantly surprised.
5	I'm a huge fan of soda, so when I found out there was a store that catered to that alone, I knew I had to see it for myself.It's set up like a convenience store but only houses bottles upon bottles (and cans!) of so many types of soda - with flavours and brands you wouldn't even imagine. Most are only a dollar or so, too, so you can afford to try every single thing. I recommend this place to everyone who's a little adventurous in their beverage choices and wants to try something new. Also, they have a website where you can order everything they carry plus some they don't and have it shipped anywhere!
5	I love Pop. They've got stuff I've never heard of and wouldn't try on a dare, but just the fact they *do* have it is awesome. They're the only place in the western 75% of the US to stock Captain Eli soda (pro-tip: try the blueberry, it's AMAZING), and the cute cashier chick agrees that Eli is some of the best soda to be found. The staff knows their products and can answer the most obscure questions imaginable. They can also order anything they don't currently have in stock.It's probably good that Pop is so far out in the East Valley, because I'd be in there every day if it was closer to me.
5	I FINALLY made it into this place and totally stoked! I gave up drinking soda a long time ago, and will have one every once in a great while but after walking through the POP doors, I'm in trouble. They seriously have everything in this place, my personal fave being the Boyland Vintage Soda Pop Creme Soda! I seriously turned into a giddy kid when I got in there. I stopped in with a couple girlfriends during a lunch break, and will have to definitely go back and grab some more Soda Pop. They have really great novelty bottles too that make for creative gifts, as I purchased one today for a buddy of mine.Last but not least they have a good lil selection of novelty candy. Wax Stache's, wax lips, pop rocks along side with a handful more of those vintage candy memories. Make the effort to stop by and check it out. Worth the file and the price, (which I have to add is cheap), for good cane sugar soda, not that crappy fructose schtuff. They do have diet alternatives for you health conscious individuals as well :)
5	I can't believe I have not Yelped Pop the Soda Shop yet LOL! I have been going here since well before it moved to the new location. Pop the Soda shop has introduced me to so many amazing drinks that I actually crave and can only find at Pop's. I love being able buy in bulk or stop by and pick one or two random bottles out of the coolers. They have such a massive variety already cold which is amazing. I consider myself a connoisseur(in training) of soda, so this place is heaven. To think of it I would even live in the attic of this place if it was legal and not creepy and If I could go back in time I would have moved my wedding to Pop's and walked down the middle isle of soda. I love Pop the Soda Shop.
5	An authentic landmark just down the road from the vapid consumerism taking place at the Fashion Square.  The selection is superb, my only complaint being their slow inventory renewal process.  I typically come in for my stalwarts- Dublin Dr. Pepper and Dr. Tima Root Beer- but I always leave with a few new bottles to sample.  A great spot that even Ms. Pussy Katz, of Flakes fame, would approve of.
5	Everything here is wonderful!The staff knows there stuff!The price is perfect for what you get!Go here!
5	I have been here several times now so it's time I write a review. I LOVE this place!!!  Seriously!!  Ok, I know soda is bad for me weather is full on cane sugar or diet stuff, it's all bad.  We all have are vices right?  At least I limit myself to one per day.  I try to keep the addiction in check.  And I love variety.  I could easily get stuck in a rut with Pepsi, Coke, and Dr. Pepper but at Pop The Soda Shop that is impossible!There are rows and rows of soda.  If you can imagine it, they probably have it.  It's amazing!  They even carry some types of water and energy drinks.  My favorite is the Root Beer isle.  They must have 50 types of root beer!!  I love trying different types of root beer and this is the place to go if you love the beer of root.  They have Dr. Pepper in little bottles!!  YUM!  And Stewart's Key Lime soda which is the BOMB!  If you have not tried it, you must!  I also happen to be a fan of Cheer Wine and they've got plenty of that too.  Of course they have the "real" coke in glass bottles too.  An ice cold coke in a bottle is the best!  If you just can't wait to try something they have just about everything cold in the cases in the back.  And if ya go on a hot day, that is a must.The staff are knowledgeable and very helpful.  I have bought cases and they have happily put them in my care for me.  I would rather give my hard earned dollars to a locally owend and operated store than a big box store when I have a choice.  So go and stock up on your soda here!  It's worth the trip wherever you are.
5	YAY! Soda for everyone. From the common Pepsi with real sugar to the more exotic Japanese drinks and rare finds, this place rocks. I saw an ad in a local rag and remembered it was featured on some travel program years ago and we know had to stop in. AHHH a huge selection of creme sodas....
5	Just a quick review to reiterate how truly great this place is.They've got soda, lots of soda.  That's right, I said soda! They've got root beer, sarsaparilla, freaky foreign sodas, teas, waters and other things. I love this place, I have no complaints. The only thing that would make this place better would be the addition of beer. Man, if these guys hooked up with the dudes that run the beer section of Topps  Liquors it would be unstopable!
5	I had heard about this place for years but never went. Tragic I know! Just recently I discovered that it was literally walking distance from Jester'Z Improv where I work. Oh, how i must now make up for lost time!Pop the Soda Shop is a true place of brilliants. They have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff. When you come to pops that is what you are looking for, product. And they have the best selection in town. A couple of recommendations. Doctor Eli's Blueberry, Jackson Hole Huckelberry, or really any thing in the Birch Beer section!
5	When I was a little girl we used to go to this soda place. I don't know what it was called. I don't know where it was either but it was a schlep. Anyway, they would give you a wooden case and you'd fill it with a mix/match variety of whatever you wanted. And they had whatever you wanted. I couldn't have imagined a kind of pop (yes, that's what we called it in Cleveland) that they didn't have. We'd always take home a couple of crates. I still wax nostalgic about that place from time to time.Little did I know that there was a place right here in the valley that brought my 19?? era (thought I'd tell you, didn't you) soda shop into the 21st century. Pop the Soda Shop has every flavor imaginable and some I never imagined.I happily purchased one of my hard-to-get favorites, Doc Brown's Diet Black Cherry, and at a much better price than I've paid elsewhere. Abby got Root Beer imported from a local Boston purveyor and Emma got her favorite, Mexican Coke, where they use real sugar. If you're over thirty and haven't had it, it's like Coke used to taste before the corn lobby got involved. I'm not sure what Jim got, some sort of Pelligrino Orange soda. He also got a bottle of water shaped like a flask which he's very happy with because he can slide it into the cargo pocket of his shorts.Pops prices are reasonable, their selection is incredible and the place is just plain fun. The nostalgia was free.Oh, and the wooden crate was replaced by a cardboard Faygo sixpack holder.
5	Hop on over to Pop the Soda Shop.  Pop the Soda Shop will be your one stop shop for all the soda you can quaff.The staff knows their stuff at Pop the Soda Shop.  If there's a pop the soda shop don't got they'll know where it can be got.Feel like some Capt. Eli's Root Beer?  In stock.  Fukola Cola?  Already chilled.  Olde Brooklyn Birch Beer?  Yep.  Maine Root Sarsaparilla?  Would you like to open it now?   Buderim Aussie Style Ginger Brew?  Of course.  Taylor's Tonic's Cola Azteca?  Yum.  Pink Love Potion # 69?  Don't drink it too fast...Manhattan Special Espresso Soda? You betcha.  Fentimans Mandarin and Seville Orange Jigger?  I've heard it's refreshing.  How about a  White Rock Organic Red Peach?  Sounds good.  Zuberfizz Vanilla Cream Soda?  Got that too.  Feeling herbal?  Try the Kombucha Wonder Drink.  The Unknown Dread is an interesting energy drink...As you can see, they have some variety.
5	I can't recommend this place highly enough. It's small, smells a little musty and has a bare concrete floor, and none of that matters. It is the Mecca of soda shops.They have row upon row of sodas, organized (loosely) by flavor. There's a row of colas, a row of root beers, a row of fruit flavors. There's a giant glass-fronted refrigerator in the back, where a wide variety of their products are available to purchase already chilled.Want Mexican Coca Cola (the kind actually made with sugar)? They have it. Want four different kinds of diet ginger ale? They have it. Want enough energy drinks to keep you awake through finals week without drinking the same thing twice? Yes.Other than soda, they have ice cream, candy, tea and flavored syrups.Go there! Taste the yummy!
5	My husband is from North Carolina where they sell Cherrywine. We searched all over AZ to purchase some, never found any. Bought a 12 pack online and shipping alone was 20 bucks. Apparently he really wanted this soda. Anyway, we found this shop and they carry Cherrywine!!!! Bought a case this morning. Love this place and we will be back.
5	What a cool little shop. My colleague wanted to go here so I tagged along and am glad I did. I tried the Dutch coke - $1.99 for 8oz with real cane sugar and no preservatives! I don't even want to drink regular coke again. I also tried a lemonade that was recommended by the very helpful staff. I think I'm going to have to come back here and try everything, diet-be-damned.
3	After my coworkers and I claiming a million times we were going to go to the interesting place behind Fiesta Burrito, it took a friend being in the area and proclaiming its glory for me to head over after work one day for a quick impromptu meetup. It was well worth it.Talk about a million different types of sodas for almost every desire humanly possible. Most of them are not cold and in a few aisles across the store. A select few are cold in the coolers in the back and ready to drink on the spot. I headed straight to the back and decided on one of the ginger beers, which ended up being a great choice. It was just a little over a dollar, and I was asked if I wanted a straw as I paid for it. Um yes, I heart all accessories.... even beverage ones such as straws. They have some seats outside in case you want to sit and enjoy some Scottsdale people watching. The staff is very friendly and helpful also. Warning that there is a $5 purchase limit to use a credit/debit card.I will definitely be back. My only real wish is that the inside was more inviting. I didn't feel persuaded to browse the aisles and instead went straight for the cold selection.
5	LOVE pop the soda shop. they have such weird drinks. every time I go I get something new, and LOVE it.and they have the best root beer. and so many different kinds!
5	Two years later and still super awesome. The guy working was very helpful and friendly and the prices are amazing. It was even pretty busy! I hope it's here forever.
5	They have root beer in pony kegs!  This place is nuts!  I bought 4 different flavors of cream soda.  WOW!  It was the most different varieties of sodas that I have ever seen in one place.  Too much things for my mind to process.  Must go back to take in all the things going on.
5	If you're tired of canned soda that have more salt than REAL sugar, you should definitely take a little field trip to Pop the Soda Shop. They have any and all kinds of soda. My personal favorite is Birch Beer, of which they easily have 10+ varieties. They have anything you could imagine, and you can make your own 6 packs. They also have most of their sodas chilling in cases in the back so you can drink one on your way out! Amazing place.
5	Oh holy crap, The Pop Shop is so friggin' awesome. They have so many different types of soda here. Today I picked up a Chai cola, some amaretto soda, limoncello flavored soda, a bunch of ginger beer and root beer, a few classic grape sodas, and a maple creme soda. So delicious! Then I went home and played Mario Galaxy 2 on the Wii. I felt like Tom Hanks in Big. They have Dublin Dr. Pepper, which is so, so good. It's kind of sad that so many soda companies just release cheap, yucky versions of their products for general consumers and you have to go to some out-of-the-way place to get the version that actually tastes good. If you go to The Pop Shop and get a Coke in a glass bottle with real cane sugar you'll realize that Coke actually tastes really, really good. The Dublin Dr. Pepper is so delicious that you can actually tell why Dr. Pepper caught on in the first place.They're closed on Sundays, though.
5	Ye Olde Poppe Shoppe... hear ye, hear ye... ah, never mind.Pop the Soda Shop is fuckin' awesome.  You pay per bottle of soda so unfortunately it's not the cheapest thing in the world, but considering the excellent quality of the sodas that you can get and their rich, amazing flavor, it's well worth it.  You'll drink one and belch yourself into a soda coma for a bit.I'm with Tim on this.  Dublin Dr Pepper is awesome.  I even had to read about it on Wikipedia:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dublin_Dr_Pepper"The Dublin plant is the nation's oldest Dr Pepper bottler.""thus, the only way to purchase Dublin Dr Pepper is by coming to the Dublin area, ordering it online, or finding a store outside the area which sells "bootleg" Dublin Dr Pepper (product purchased in the area then taken outside the area; the plant in Dublin doesn't keep a record of who might sell it across Texas and beyond)."If Dublin Dr Pepper sounds good to you, this is the place to get it, as well as a variety of Sorpanos-themed Italian sodas, a gazillion different kinds of ginger beer, real cola, goddamn, it's the best place in town.
5	Craving for a soda not in can, but in a bottle, you must come here.   They have all sorts of different soda, root beer, cream soda, retro soda, and even international soda.  Prices were not the best, but they do offer various selection.  Excellent place to stuff a gift basket!
5	What an adorable little idea. I was afraid they would go out of business when BevMo started getting big in Arizona but I'm glad to see it's still doing well. It used to be a must hit stop for me when I was a teen. Now that I'm a little older my tummy and teeth can't handle all that stuff but I still have fond memories of it. Does anyone else remember when it was a TINY little nook? Their new location is much nicer.
5	My husband and I visited The Soda Shop on 7/24/10 and it was a blast from the past I got 4 types; a grape Pop Shoppe soda from my childhood, Nesbitt's California Honey Lemonade I could get these in Chicago as recent as 2005, and two new ones for me a DRY soda (marketed towards grown ups) and Reinhart's hand drawn Root Beer. This store front beats ordering off the internet any day so go give them your business people. If they don't have something you want let them know and they will call you once it is instock.
5	i love the soda pop shop it has an amazing selection of imported drinks. The employees there are very knowledgeable and friendly. It's like willy wonka decided to make a soda pop factory and I just won the golden ticket.
5	I have been to this little slice of Soda Pop heaven on two occasions now...just recently this past Saturday 8/14/10. Now trust me if you want to revisit you childhood days of going to the local mom and pop store in your hood and searching for that ice cold favorite drink of yours...then you have to visit this locale. They have every soda pop you can imagine both domestic and international. The also have various kinds of bottled water, tonics, sports drinks, energy drinks, and other specialty drinks.The also have something that will definitely be a blast from the past for most of you that visit that shop....penny, nickel, and dime candies...that's right just like when you were kids. Brace yourself now...they have moon pies...chicklets...fireballs...blowpops...tootsie pops...wax lips...junior mints...sugar daddy's....boston baked beans...liquid wax bottles....and many many more.Now the first time i went they didn't have any Faygo pop except root beer in the can...i was very disappointed but the gentleman took my name and number and promised to call me when he got more flavors in. He called me on Saturday 8/14/2010 and that is why i am writing this review today...because he was a man of his word. I arrived at the shop and they had even more soda pop choices than the first time i went....and they even had more candy options as well. I am a huge fan of Faygo Creme soda because Faygo is the "official pop" LOL for the state of Michigan..so needless to say i grew up drinking alot of Faygo soda when i was a kid. So i ended buying 4 bottles of Creme Soda, one grape, and one Rocking Rye...which is a cola Creme Soda i bought for my wife. Faygo also comes in orange and Red pop...which is cherry...but i didn't get those this time.Now be advised this place is not cheap...i spent a little over 8 bucks for my 6 pack of soda...which comes in Faygo's original 12oz long neck bottles. While the soda can be a little expensive per bottle..you get a little discount for buying in bulk...and it is totally worth it to have a little slice of joy from your childhood days.So if your ever longing for that cold soda that you use to long for on a hot summer day when you were a kid...and maybe a sweet treat to go along with it...well you can stop looking...just head over to "Pop the Soda Shop" in Scottsdale. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!
5	They have It's It!!!!!!! Best ice cream sandwich ever!
5	Soda soda soda... Oh so many choices! Love this store!
5	Love this place. I first discovered it when it was off Scottsdale Road and had to track them down at their new location off McDowell and 74th Street. We love specialty root beer and this place is great for any kind of specialty sodas. We bought a small keg of Sonoran Brew Root Beer for the kids for a party and they loved it. I haven't been back in some time and I'll have to take the kids and let them go wild in this soda and candy heaven.
1	This review is in reference to the online portion of the store.The website says nothing about the store being closed. You can place an  order and pay for the order and then just wait.And wait.E-mails and phone calls aren't responded to, looking on here, now I realize because the store is obviously closed. If the store has been closed since at least Feb. 2011, I think August, 2011 might be well past  due to put this on the site and stop allowing orders to fester.
