5	I don't know if you can ever give a surgery 5 stars, but the staff and Dr. Pagani were awesome to work with. It came time to get my wisdom teeth out and Simply Dentistry referred me to Dr. P. I was a little hesitant because he didn't have reviews on Yelp and I am new to the area so rely heavily on Yelp BUT went with my gut and the referral since Simply is so awesome.So I came in for an exam and it was quick and easy - luckily my teeth just needed to be popped out so it was an easy task. Came in early the day of the surgery with my boyfriend and they put me under and I was done in I think about an hour. I didn't have much pain but I was annoyed I couldn't really eat but that comes with the territory. Dr. P is nice and cool and easy to work with and very accommodating. He's really straight forward which we appreciated.Be prepared to be blacked out for more than half the day after the procedure - your friends of family will enjoy it but make sure you get plenty of sleep.
5	Thank you Dr. Pagani for the great care you provided my son. You made a painful accident....Positive with your personal care and professionalism. You're simply wonderful. :))))
5	I had put off the dreaded wisdom teeth removal for 10+ years and I finally had to do it a week ago.  I was referred to Dr. Pagani by my dentist and while it has not been an enjoyable recovery, Dr. Pagani and his staff are great.  The procedure itself was quick - less than 45min and they send u home with detailed instructions for post-op care.  The Dr. was happy to answer whatever questions/concerns I had (even when I called him on a Sat :). Thank you for making a dreaded experience as positive as possible!!
5	Dr. Pagani is absolutely amazing. I had a botched root canal done a few years ago which led to an absess and that meant I had to get everything removed and get an implant. When he removed the crown, completely painless, when he implanted the screw, I did not feel a thing. Not even pressure. They have some strong local anesthesia.. He got it at the right angle so the crown would fit perfectly in between my teeth and I havent had any problems. It was a year long process but it was so worth it. He did a perfect job fixing my tooth and now its time for my wisdom teeth! Thank you so much Dr. Pagani!
5	Dr. Pagani is amazing. I had to get a tooth extracted and from the second I called I knew I made the right decision! His office staff is very kind and extremely quick. I was called back very shortly after coming in, had an xray taken and a tooth pulled in under an hour! Dr. Pagani is extremely knowledge and easy to trust! I would 100% recommend him even if you are far away--he is worth the drive! I have almost no pain after the extraction! Even after I had a problem with CVS, Dr. Pagani called immediately after I called him and fixed the situation! I will 100% come back to him for the implant!
