4	Came out for the grand opening friends and family. Great new spot. Should be interesting. Have plenty of great craft beers on tap good food great atmosphere, friendly helpful staff.
5	Came to the opening night with my wife and my 16-month old. We were told initially that there would be a long wait due to the number of people ahead of us, but we stuck it out and were seated within 20 or so minutes. Service: We had Tracy (guy) and one other gal who both served us through the evening and they were both attentive, friendly, and welcoming even though the place was packed and very busy. Appetizers: Since it was their opening night, we decided to try lots of everything...fried calamari with cuttlefish, bang bang Brussels sprout side  dish (basically caramelized Brussels sprouts in a Thai chili sauce with pork rinds--which I swear is absolutely worth coming to try by itself--ridiculously good), cheese crab fries (my wife had these solo since I am allergic to dairy and said they were very good, but agreed that the Brussels sprouts side was best. Drinks: Wife had a whiskey sour and I had Odell's 90 shilling on tap. Both were very good.Burgers: We both had the BBQ bacon burger, though I had the dairy free bun and no aged cheese on mine. My wife had the the burger as it was meant to be and really liked what she could eat of it (we were basically stuffed by the time the burgers came because we ended up liking the appetizers so much!). My own burger was cooked a little past medium and could have used more BBQ sauce (which I should have just asked for), but still was good all in all. The bacon was particularly good and the servers let me know that they are looking for local sources of even better quality gluten and dairy-free buns. They toasted the buns so I did not have complaints there anyway.Dessert: We were too stuffed to have serious desserts, so we split a cotton candy. I have never been to restaurant that served cotton candy for dessert! Perfectly light complement to a great mean given the fact that we had both eaten to the point of pain thus far.Ambiance: open, mob family and prohibition themed. They were light on the decor but what they had was really unique and provided a cool vibe.Bottom line: we would definitely go back and recommend this place! Expect the service to take a little longer for the next few weeks or so as they ramp up (they just opened tonight). Food is really good. Service is friendly. Ambiance is a lot of fun.
4	There is a lot to like about this place.First, the Al Capone gangster theme is pretty cool and the servers all dress the part.Second, they have a great selection of craft beers.  I had a delicious Ballast Point IPA and a Stone IPA with my burger.Third, my Capone burger was spicy and cooked perfectly.  My fries were very good and the bacon ketchup was a nice condiment.Put these guys in your burger rotation if you're in the neighborhood.
4	Good burgers. I got the Notorious B.I.G. and the wife built her own. You get a card to check boxes so you can build a burger just like you prefer if you don't want one of the menu choices. I enjoyed the notorious sauce ( tangy 1000 island type sauce) on my burger and the bacon ketchup with the fries. Wife loved the "grain mustard" on hers.Good food. I think they just opened up. Give them a try, I think you will like it. Beware, If you build your own it can get a little pricey. The preset menu ones are about $9-$12 which is not bad considering they are 8 oz burgers with toppings like cheese, bacon, avocado, grilled onions, etc! Cool Al Capone theme inside. Located in Shops at Gainey Village.
4	Since there are now an abundance of burger places in the area, we didn't know what to  expect.  What a great surprise!  My husband and I ate here last night and,  my husband who is a "hamburger aficionado", was very impressed, as well as myself.  Joey, our server, was great and knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions very professionally.  We built our own burgers and they were delicious.  We ordered a side of onion rings...they were so good we ordered a second one. By the way,  the burgers were delivered with a side of slaw, which was not your usual run of the mill, but very good with a twist...a little bit of spice.  We didn't have room for dessert, but they have a great dessert menu...so check it out.  We only live less than ten minutes away, so having this in our neighborhood is a plus.
4	Hands down, excellent food! Hip bar side looking vibe. Nifty lighting on the stools making them a sultry red. Bar flights! Whiskey flights! The beer keg room has a chandelier! They carry a porter! The beer menu has an interesting array of stuff to sample from. (I say this without having tried a flight. I was on a business lunch. I sip tasted the Odell Nitro Cutthroat porter. A little watery for my taste.) The flight options are laid out for you. However, I was told if you wanted to try something not listed under the flight beer menu that could be arranged. Neat!The bar has two large sized televisions allowing anyone in the bar area to enjoy programming. No sound was available during the day. However, I'm not sure if that is standard all hours.We meandered in slightly before 2pm Saturday for lunch at the bar. There wasn't anyone stool side and two tables finishing up behind us. After ordering Diet Coke's we kind of waited. And waited. But eventually were able to place burger orders.Sweet Heaven. Goodness Gracious.Let me smack your lips for you. If we were dating I'd kiss them. The Gambino's Broken Lamb of Leg burger is a *must have*. On top of the artisanal, all-natural lamb patty roasted peppers provided the perfect amount of moisture, balancing out goat cheese, and an over abundance of sunflower sprouts, cucumbers and white balsamic mint syrup. I'd order that again in a heartbeat. At this point my Diet Coke ran out. I was in the middle of ravaging the side of spicy slaw that is served with my burger, so I shrugged off my thirst. The slaw is not your average fun of the mill slaw. Protect it from your hungry friends. Put it on the *other* side of your plate. GOOD STUFF.The battle with thirst was on a slippery slope.Eighteen minutes later our Diet Cokes were refilled. And our new neighbor who we befriended, in town for the golf tournament, had his beer refilled. I had a taste of the Big Poppa Bacon BBQ Burger. This generous sized burger comes loaded with bacon and cheddar cheese. The kitchen / ordering process has a few kinks to work out. My friend had ordered the onion ring on the side. (It came on the bun.) When I pointed this out the bartender had no comment.An hour and twenty minutes for a sober lunch is fine if you're not in a hurry. (We were in a hurry.) However, if you're sitting around with empty draft beer glasses. Well..that might be frustrating.check #60025server NTR AM 02/01/2014 3:08PM
5	An unexpected slice of heaven! To set oneself apart from the pack in the burger world is a task that few are up to. NB sets a new standard which others can only claim  degrees of jealousy. The menu has something for all.  Burgers grilled to perfection. You can build a burger in thousands of different ways or select from a variety of house combos. All of this with coleslaw that boasts a different twist and a craft beer or wine. Will definitely try and make it back before I leave town to try the lamb burger.
3	I had very high hopes for Notorious...My friend and I went for the first time and decided to share the Capone burger, and at the recommendation of our server, the Notorious Fries.Everyone working here seemed almost sad. No energy at all, but still friendly...The burger came out on two plates, which I love when you split something! It was piled high with egg (yolk still runny, yes!), avocado, onion strings, cheese..it was huge! So glad we decided to share. The burgers also come with a side of slaw, it has almost an Asian type flavor, not my favorite, but OK.The burger was great! The flavors were good and the bun held up to all of the generous toppings.The side dishes is where Notorious goes wrong. The Notorious Fries were really bad. I love chickpeas so this seemed right up my alley, but they tasted like a mix of tofu and Styrofoam. Absolutely no flavor at all. The dipping sauce that comes with them is the only saving grace. We ended up sending them back and asking for onion rings instead.The Onion Rigs are HUGE! They arrive pipping hot and each has a thick, still crunchy onion inside, but the batter was again very bland. It's almost as if they just forgot to use seasoning on any of the side dishes on our visit.All-in-all, great burgers, but don't waste you $$ on the sides...get a cocktail instead. :)
4	Like many people, I enjoy a good burger.  I also enjoy a nicer, more upscale dining experience.  Here, I got both.The food was great!  I had the truffle burger and my wife had the lamb burger.  The truffle burger was a good balance of the meat and the bacon, and the truffle flavor came through without overpowering everything else.  The lamb burger tasted like the best gyro you've ever had - only better, and on a brioche bun!  Very nice!The salt, pepper, and vinegar fries were subtle and done well.  I like a stronger vinegar presence, but you can always add more.  Even if you aren't a fan of vinegar (like my wife isn't), these fries were good.  I like the creme fraiche for dipping, too!The drink menu was beer- and whiskey-focused, which was just fine by me!  A good variety of options in both depth and breadth, particularly in the context of a burger restaurant. Overall, I had a great experience, and I'll be back.  Ask for Tracy; he was knowledgeable, engaging, and attentive.  Can't wait to try it again!
5	A creative menu, juicy burgers, and...I know, I know; this sounds crazy...incredible brussels sprouts. Really. "Bang bang" brussels--chili, peanuts, crisped pork, and kung pao sauce. If you haven't had a sprout since your mom made you eat one at the dinner table, you need to order these. The crab cheese fries was another favorite appetizer, served good and hot. My husband also ordered the crispy calamari. For entrees, I had the Big Poppa (aged cheese, bacon), and I'd be excited to try other ones when I visit again since there are so many good options that I had a difficult time deciding which to order. My burger was a perfect medium, as requested.Service was competent, friendly, and very on top of things even though the restaurant was bursting with people (We went on opening night). We had Tracy, and he made the whole night even more enjoyable by his attentiveness. The drinks (whisky sour for me, beer on tap for DH) were delicious and generous. Way too full for real dessert, so we split a cotton candy. The ambiance was vibrant and energetic.I should also mention that we brought our 16-month-old, and the staff not only tolerated him but brought him all sorts of foods and drinks to keep him occupied, well fed, and happy, which helped us adults relax and focus on the food. I'm sure that we will return to Notorious on our future trips to Scottsdale! In the meantime, I'll be dreaming about those brussels sprouts.
5	My boyfriend and I went for the first time on Saturday night and we will DEFINITELY be going back! They were very busy so we just sat at the bar so we wouldn't have to wait long. The entire staff was working HARD, it didn't look like any of the servers or bartenders had a minute of down time.The drink list was extensive. Beers were pricey, but the wine and cocktail prices seemed about average. Now the food. THE FOOD. We started with the crispy calamari, which was thick and perfectly cooked! It came with a gingery Thai inspired sauce which was flavorful but not heavy at all. For entrees, I got the truffle burger and my bf got the Capone burger. Both were very unique and extremely satisfying!!! We also split the waffle fries that were topped with cheese sauce, crab meat, and truffle oil. I'm sure we shaved 5 yrs off our lives, but it was worth it AND I'D DO IT AGAIN.
2	There's no shortage of good burger places in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area so it's a tough space to operate in.  The food was pretty good but the atmosphere of this place is tragic and totally counter to the concept of a speakeasy or mob themed burger place.  First, it's very bright and many of the spotlights are poorly aimed.  Second, the place feels like they ran out of money or were on a tight budget as it's very spartan and also very quiet, no music or ambiance at all.  Finally, the service was mediocre, slow, and generally blah as the staff showed little hustle or enthusiasm for their jobs.  Very bummed out, was hoping this place would be a cool, dark, and delicious new spot to add to the rotation.  Oh well, back to Zin Burger or Rehab Burger, or Delux, or Stax, etc, etc, etc.
2	The salmon on the salmon burger was the best part of the meal. Ordered 2 kinds of fries that were both awful. They didn't arrive hot and tasted as though they were frozen not freshly made. The tomato was mealy and the gluten free bun also tasted like it was defrosted. The concept is good, dining room is comfortable and our server was attentive. If notorious burger is going to make it in scottsdale, it's got to step up to some fresh food!
3	I tried this place for the first time today. I went there with a client and wasn't sure what to expect. First the service upon arrival was quite bad we waited a few minutes to be greeted and seated which is frustrating when you are on a time limit for lunch. We waited an additional 4-5 minutes for someone at the table to greet us and take our drink order. Also since this place is new and we were new, it would have been helpful if the greeter would have explained the concept and menu options and not just "here's the food menu here's the drink menu". So not a good start. The decor is more Steakhouse than speakeasy but I didn't get a very good view of the bar since we were seated in the main dining area. I agree with another review we sat right next to a huge window and didn't get that dark/exclusive vibe that you would expect. Maybe if I go back for dinner service it might be a different atmosphere. The burger was ok and I like the create your own option. I felt as though they should have had some explanations on sauces etc. Every time I asked the server another question he was kind but I could tell he was bothered by the number of questions I asked. Overall I was happy with the food but I wasn't impressed with my salt and vinegar fries. They also serve the burgers with coleslaw. I would recommend leaving this off the plate and offering it as a side. I personally don't know to many people that eat it and it seems to go to waste. I'd rather have the option to upgrade to a side salad or fries for a few more dollars.I would try this place again but would go at night and order a different style of fries.
4	There was a small wait for dinner on a Sunday night, but, worth it. Once seated,  service, with Ethan, was excellent. He was very knowledgeable of their extensive beer menu, and, offered several recommendations, when asked. We had the "Notorious Burger"as well as a build your own turkey burger. The "Notorious burger" came just as ordered, med-rare. It comes with cheddar cheese, nice crisp bacon, notorious sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. The bun was nice and fresh. They serve it with a side of their homemade coleslaw, which is slightly spicy and excellent. The build-your-own,was a turkey burger, which was also excellent. We ordered a side of homemade regular fries and a side of their homemade onion rings. The fries are served with tomato bacon ketchup. All of the food came promptly and freshly prepared. The onion rings were huge and nicely battered. Next time I would order one, and, not both, because it was a lot of food. The burgers are large and juicy, with very flavorful beef. No room for desert. We would definitely return. They do offer a full bar with a large beer selection. I would like to suggest offering a 1/2 and 1/2 with the onion rings and fries, that way you get a little of both worlds....
4	Stopped in here for a nice little post party after last night's Yelp Elite Event, for which I was a +1 :)  Didn't eat or even venture into the seating areas, but based on my experience with the bar and bartenders, I'll give it a solid 4.0 for now and will amend the review once I've had the opportunity to grab a burger here.  The bar is a little tight, with several pub tables against the wall, and the long bar opposite them.  It works though, I loved the ambiance!  Further, despite the fact that the bar was completely slammed with Yelpers, the bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, service was good and quick.  I had a couple of craft beers, and was pleased.  Nice spot to grab a drink.  Looking fwd to checking out the menu.
4	I only tried a chocolate milkshake here, so I can't vouch for the food.  But I liked the shake!  It came in a mason jar with whipped cream and a cherry on top.  The shake itself was really thick and creamy.The decor is trendy and classy and the theme is creative - each of their dishes is named after a infamous gangster.  The bar has this brewing/tap room enclosed in glass walls with a cool chandelier that's a pretty neat decorating touch.
3	Just ok. Ambiance..3. Prices...3. Burger...3. Fries...4. Service...4. Parking...5. Coleslaw...4.Cocktails...2.No kobe or Angus burger available. First time at this restaurant just ok not much to rave about or complain about. Will be about 5th on our list of good burger places. May visit again but prob. not anytime soon.
3	This place is ok, not great, and I'm afraid does not set itself apart from the other great burger places in the Valley. First off, the good: almost everything we ordered was tasty, from the calamari to the burgers to the milkshakes. Good selection of wine and draft beer. Overall we thought the food and drink was about what we expected at this price point. Now, the not so good: it feels like this place opened a few weeks before it was ready. Hosts and service were harried, disorganized, a little confused about the menu, and though they appeared to be trying their best they left something to be desired. The kitchen doesn't seem to get the menu yet, as more often than not the food that came did not match the description. And finally, the biggest issue: the space. Other reviewers called the atmosphere nice, or trendy, or classy. We do not get that at all. The space is a very cheap makeover from the previous tenant McCormick & Schmicks. It kind of feels like it was thrown together with little regard for how the room flows or atmosphere. There's no music or what is being played is too low for the cavernous space and loud diners. Frankly, it seems like a fake restaurant built for a commercial where they "surprise" diners with a menu item being switched with something downmarket (e.g. "see what diners said when we switched notorious burgers for Carl's Jr's Six Dollar Burger"). Throw in a mafia "theme" that has you ordering food using infamous mobsters' names and it just seems cheesy for a place where you're looking at $25-30 per person for an a la carte meal with a drink.Overall, while there were some service/kitchen problems and the atmosphere was non-existent, the food was good enough thst we'd give the place another shot in a couple months and see if the kinks have been worked out.UPDATE: after posting this review I received a message from the owner asking about my complaints about the atmosphere and and asking if I was in his shoes, what changes would address the issues I raised. I told him what I thought, and who knows if the suggestions will go anywhere. But I do have to respect a business that listens to feedback, good or bad. I'm definitely going back and I hope when I do, I can add a star or two.
3	Been there twice and two different experiences. First time, my burger was cooked perfectly and was very juicy. The second time my burger was well done (ordered medium) and super dry. I have not eaten in the dining room so my experiences are only in the bar. The layout of the place is very strange. I know they took one large restaurant and cut it in half. You can kind of tell once you are in there. The bartender was pleasant and helpful. There was poor planning in the design. The bartender services the tables in the bar yet there is no cut-out in the bar to allow them to easily reach the tables. They have to walk out the back of bar and all the way around the bathroom just to serve a drink. Dumb.
3	We were disappointed on a Friday afternoon with the pace of the meal. Onion rings took ages to arrive and my husband's and my burger came 5 minutes before our 3 young hungry children. Were they too busy to accommodate us? Nope. Only 1 other table filled. We won't be back and this place won't last.
1	Worst quality hamburgers in Scottsdale and worst dining experience at any of the hamburger places in Phoenix. Started with bacon wrapped wings. Great idea. Poor execution. Bacon was only attached to one out of 5 wings in a half order. The rest had an inch of bacon falling off of the wing.  Ordered the truffle burger at lunch time on a Saturday. Not busy at all. One other table 3.  Took half hour for burgers to come out. My cheese was wrong and should've been blue cheese. Had a slice of white cheese and the worst part, the paper on the cheese was left on and melted to my whole burger.  My roommate got the leg of lamb burger and they forgot to use lamb meat and gave him a regular burger party.  Whole burger was disgusting and overwhelmed with bitter bitter sunflower sprouts.  Coleslaw was bland also.  This place won't be open in 3 months.
5	Love this place! Went with the family a couple weeks ago and had a great time. We had the Bang Bang Brussels, I'm usually not a fan of brussels but these were delicious!We also had the Fresh Cut Fries, Sweet Potato Fries and the Salt and Vinegar fries, LOVED ALL THREE! ...and... the Crab Cheese Fries, I could NOT stop eating them. We got a couple of different burgers and shared. They are HUGE and AMAZING!Drinks:: Dad tried a few different beers and Mom had the Red Rooster and sister had the Gin Fizz, I tried a little of each and we all were very pleased! Love the decor and theme, it's fun and well done. The beer tap room with the chandelier and red lighting looks phenomenal! Loving their LOOONNNGGG list of whiskey! I am currently working my way down the list. Since the family trip I have been back a few times on my own, different burgers and salads and of course I can't forget the fries and Milkshake! I have never been disappointed . Great place for a burger and beer -or 4-
3	Great Service.If I return, I will Build My Own burger as the ones on the menu had clashing flavors.  If you want medium rare, ask for rare, ours came out medium.Great Beer Selection.
5	Simply put, the best burger I have ever had.  Great service, and especially great craft beer selection on draft.  I know there are a ton of burger places, but this, as a nice sit down, table service is the way to go.  Started with the fries and calamari, both we're great.  And the fries come with bacon ketchup!!!  Where has this been all my life?   Burgers were fresh, juicy, and perfectly cooked.  And love the option to select your own type of bun ( go with the pretzel bread).Finished off with the chocolate milkshakes.  Superb!!!
5	Great experience. Great flavors in the lamb burger (gambino's broken leg of lamb) and the Capone burger with fried egg and sriacha sauce was also delicious. Great bun as it's light and does not overtake. Be sure to get the brussel sprouts appetizer.   Looking forward to trying other items. The s'mores dessert was a nice finish. Also a great bar. Many beers on tap and whiskey selection but opted for the wine.
3	Not bad. Not awesome. They had a great drink selection and some cool cocktails. Food was decent, the bacon wrapped wings were okay but really didn't need the bacon since they were swimming in bbq sauce anyway. I enjoyed the signature burger, however. Nice ambiance.
3	Went in around 330 so the place was empty except for a couple people in the bar. Server was friendly. We started with the calamari which was pretty ok, could have been crispier. Along with 1 build a burger and one notorious 9, a side of fries and onion rings. My build a burger was pretty good actually...Loved the pretzel bun. The notorious 9 was ok, I believe it came with the brioche bun which fell apart immediately and this burger was a bit under cooked (burgers come medium). The fries and bacon ketchup were great. The onion rings were ok. I didn't like how large and thick the onions were. Not a bad first experience but probably won't go again as I feel there are better burgers around.
5	Great location in the gaineys ranch shops next to variety of upscale restaurants. Notorious burgers is located next to cuttlefish and the restaurant is larger than it looks from the outside.The service and atmosphere is very nice and the selections of burgers are plentiful. I chose to do the build your own burger with a pretzel bun egg and bacon and chipotle peppers. The burger comes with coleslaw and we had the bacon ketchup which was pretty awesome in itself . The chipotle pepper was very spicy so when you first bite into the burger with the chipotle pepper doesn't kick in until a few minutes later. After cutting the burger in half, I had to take out the chipotle pepper on the second half of the burger. The fries were recommended by the waiter but were not as crispy as I like them. We also shared a strawberry shake and it tasted like a malt shake .I will certainly comeback and try a different burger and bring the rest of my family. Very nice overall and would recommend this place
3	Burgers don't come with fries.  Several bucks ($4?) extra for those, and the burger prices weren't exactly modest to start with.  Quinoa burger had some of the most uncooked, crunchy black beans in it that I've ever had in a veggie burger.  Our pints of craft beer were $8 each.  With tax & tip, easily a $25 burger/fry/single beer lunch, per person.   Upscale shopping center location is nice, though parking was a bit cramped due to all of the people at the other restaurants such as Pei Wei.
3	Super slow service.... Pretty good burger...  Nice booze selection in the bar, but the bar is pretty tight on space..
5	By  the  looks  of  my  reviews  it  may  look  as  if  I  am  a  terrible  eater  however  I  really  am  not.  ReallyAnyway  this  is  an  awesome  awesome  place  for  the  burger.  Super  quick  as  well.  Might  be  the  best  sandwich  I  have  ever  tried.
2	our waiter was very nice and patient. there were 4 of us and being first timers, had lots of questions. the burgers were good but they werent great. we ordered medium rare but came over cooked. we all prefer some of the other burger places in town. sweet potato fries were disappointing as I read a yelp review recommending them... the onion rings were good but again, not great. fried calamari was okay. Brussel sprouts were good but you better like spicy or dont waist your time. unfortunately, we won't be coming back.
4	It was my first time there an I thought the food was awesome,  I had the build a burger an we all shared 3 different kinds of fries.  The cheese curds were the bomb!!! They could of had a little more help, our server was the bartender an the waiter, I think for the whole place but he took care of us pretty good!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Amazing! Love the menu, drinks, and service! Everything I have eaten here has been amazing everyone is super nice and you can come dressed casual! Not to mention the music is great!
5	Very impressed with this burger! I had the Notorious B.I.G. and it was awesome. The brussel sprouts were amazing. The beer selection was great also. We will be back!
4	I chose this place as my pick for our monthly girls night dinner; we go to different restaurants each month & try new places.  I was very happy we went!  From the moment we walked in the customer service was great.  They seemed a bit short staffed, however the waiter/bartender was very attentive & didn't miss a thing. I had the Notorious B.I.G burger & it was excellent.  The notorious sauce it delicious. We also shared some of their side dishes; cheese curds, sweet potato fries & onion rings; all were very good. I will definitely be going back to try the other burgers on the menu & to get more of the cheese curds.
2	The wings were amazing as are most things wrapped in bacon and smothered in BBQ sauce but everything else was mediocre. The Lucky Lucciano Burger was ridiculous. Not the good kind of ridiculous but the kind of ridiculous where if the patty, bun, onion strings, etc had balls, the blue cheese that seemed to be infused to the very being, very soul of this monstrosity would have not only kicked them but would have castrated them as well.
4	(Lyrics - The Notorious B.I.G - Hypnotize)Burgers Burgers Burgers can I tasteSometimes your beers just hypnotize meAnd I just love your mobster waysGuess I'll go Capone, and try and milkshakeBurgers Burgers Burgers can I tasteSometimes your beers just hypnotize meAnd I just love your mobster waysGuess I'll go Capone, and try and milkshakeCame here with several Yelpers after a gather at the Cuttlefish next door.  Needless to say, same owner different restaurant!  Thought I was just gonna hit up for some drinks, but I couldn't resist a good looking burger!  The place was packed full of us Yelpers so service was a tad bit overwhelmed!  After a few shots and a craft brew, we ordered the Capone Burger and a milkshake (yes at the bar!)  In the end, the burger was phenomenal and the ingredients worked well; habanero jack cheese, pan fried egg, avocado, siracha, and crispy onions - Yummy!  I'm a texture guy and this burger really gave my palates a fun time!  Spicy and crunchy at the same time plus the over-easy egg and avocado gave it a creamy warm savory bite! The milkshake was interesting order since I didn't think it really mesh well with the theme of the restaurant, but also my burger.  However, it was good.Service again was in a way slow, but then again the place was packing!  So I can understand.  In the end, I would definitely recommend you to stop by and enjoy a great tasting burger with a few drinks! - Enjoy!
5	I have been looking for a good burger place since I moved to Phoenix and this is the first one to fit the bill.Let's just talk about burgers for a minute: When you're burgin' (meaning you have an insatiable hunger for a burger which comes from within), what do you want?  A third of a pound of meat?  Half a pound?  A pound?  These are all options at Notorious.  What about a turkey burger?  Well, then you're probably a communist, but they have turkey burgers too!What about a bun?  Do you like a standard, bun?  Or maybe you're a healthy person and you want a whole wheat bun?  Or maybe you're in the mood for something more exotic like a pretzel bun?  Notorious has these varieties of buns.So you've got your meat, your bun, and it's time for the toppings.  At Notorious I'm talking about some premium toppings.  I'm talking about aged cheddar, bacon ketchup, rich chipotle pepper sauce to spice it up, and avocado to cool it down.We're not done yet people, because don't just bring me a burger on a plate because I need some SIDES.  Now a lot of people don't like cole slaw, and I respect that, because it's usually not good (PRO TIP: Load it up with pepper and you can get your daily helping of slaw and pepper at the same time, even if the taste isn't so great).  At Notorious, they have some magical slaw.  Is it the best cole slaw I have ever tasted?  Probably.  And they give you a nice helping with a burger.  Hey maybe throw it on your burger and go Pittsburgh style!  But also give their fries a try.  They're not perfect, but they're delicious with a side of bacon ketchup.All of that for maybe $13, which isn't bad for a fancy lunch, and is damn good for a delicious dinner burger.  So what's the catch?  This place does get a little busy, and it's usually full of square looking bankers in awful suits.  But hey they're just loving their burgers just like you, so get in line and chow down.
2	When a new to the neighborhood burger place opens it's worth a visit.This is a sister restaurant to Cuttlefish next door, and is owned by a well known Phoenix restaurant family, the Maggiores.We walked in and were immediately struck by the bar area separated from the restaurant area by a 4 ft high wall. No easy way to get directly into the bar. No hostess was at the front so we waited. This was Friday night around 8 so I guess we thought they were just busy.Someone arrived after a few minutes and hurriedly showed us into the main dining area. We were placed a a small booth. First impression was that it was a punishment chair. The seat back was so upright as to feel almost tilted forward, and the seat itself was extremely narrow. Not comfortable at all. Looking around, the dining room was less than one third full - on a Friday night, in a burger bar? Oh well.The host was also our server and he gave a sheaf of papers without any verbal description. They were menus for food and drink, and somehow a half page piece which was the build your own burger menu, was lost. When he came to get our order my wife ordered a turkey burger on the menu and I asked if they had a basic cheeseburger. He whipped out the build your own piece and I was surprised but happy I could get a custom burger.Now to pricing. The burgers are all in the $12 to $14 range, except for a luxo burger with fancy ingredients at $18. The big surprise was that was the price for a burger only. No sides offered inclusive. SIdes were all $3.50 and up. I thought that was a bit pricy, especially given the competition from Downside Risk in the same center which is a great local bar with a terrific burger at $10 including a side of your choice..We ordered sweet potato fries at around $4.The fries when they came first, were clearly lukewarm at best and were not very appetizing.The burgers came out a few minutes later and were good. Nice bun, well formed substantial patty and cooked right.So the food was half good. half not.Now to the ambience. This is in the Gainey Village area and the center has several restaurants catering to the community around them, which is upscale and older. The music in the restaurant was loud alt rock. Hardly appropriate to who was in the place. It's simply not a hangout for young singles. Some cougars at the bar and guys in golf polos and khakis stalking them, but no young twenties.The overall feel of the place was simply wrong. No ambience despite the attempt to infuse an old NY mob sensibility with pictures of gangsters on the wall.While I enjoyed my burger for what it was, I think it was way overpriced and the experience certainly did not leave me with a desire to return anytime soon
3	Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. The whiskey drink that he suggested (it was something with strawberry and vanilla) was fantastic.I wasn't really impressed with the food especially for the price. My burger was good , but not $13 good without fries. The prices here are similar to Burgr in Vegas , but the food isn't even as close to as good. The fries were sweet and has a weird sauce with them that didn't have any taste at all.It was just okay, but I probably wouldn't go back.
4	YUM!Service is great here.  This is a 'come in and sit wherever you want' type of place.Their milkshakes are delicious.  They have a great beer selection.  Their burgers are good.  Plus, it's not too expensive.  I will definitely return when I'm in the mood for a tasty burger and beer.
1	We went here yesterday and won't go back. Bought a living social deal...first ordered two shakes when they finally came out they were chocolate milk, next the appetizers, wanted to order the bang bang Brussels but apparently no sprouts today, so we had the wings and calamari, wings were ok, calamari was like rubber. Moving on to the burgers, we both ordered them med. rare, they came out RARE, boxed them up to take home and cook. Finally the dessert we both ordered the Warm chocolate mousse which was suppose to have flourless cake in it, no cake just a bowl of hot chocolate soup, disgusting.. somebody needs to go back to culinary school!! They also only have one restroom for both men and women to share and it was filthy!
4	I may be a little aggressive with my 4 star rating, because I haven't had a burger yet.I've been 2 times now for networking meetings. Both times they've been very organized and done everything they could to accommodate us. Being a large group, our menu has been a shorter version of their regular menu. Both times I've gotten a salad with KALE, of all things (and it was super yummy).One of these days I'll need to schlep the hubs over there and try their burgers!
2	Last night was my families 3rd and final visit to Notorious Burgers.  Every time we have been there our food has been screwed up and we have just been ordering off the set menu, nothing was customized.  Wrong food had been delivered to the table, which we began to eat because the server assured us that was our food only for it to be yanked off the table after a few bites when they delivered our correct food. Wait staff has a shut up and just eat it attitude - gee thanks - but I can't eat my crab fries because someone in the kitchen added thin jalepeno slices!  This place is a waste of a night out, kitchen needs some serious training on the menu and food prep, wait staff needs to learn customer service.
3	The burgers were good, but the service stinks. The hostess, waiter/bartender were not necessarily rude, they were just not friendly. Can tell they don't like working there. They just wanted us out of there as soon as possible.  A shut up and eat attitude. Would we go back? No. There's plenty of other burger places who would appreciate our business.
1	Wow, what a disappointment. My parents went to the location in Carlsbad,  CA. and had a great experience. They really hyped this place up... and for the life of me, I can't figure out why.First, our drinks. 11 dollars for a 12 oz draft beer? Okay. It's Scottsdale,  it is bound to be more expensive. Next, our apps. Onion rings? Burnt. We sent them back, and they came out soggy and the batter slid right off the rings. Lastly, our burgers... everyone asked for a different temperature meat, and the cook decided we're all going to have well done. The ticket? Two beers, 4 burgers (1 lamb), 3 sides (2 onion rings, which were comped, and sweet potato fries) came out to 71 dollars. For burgers. Do yourself a favor and either save ur money for in and out, or drive out to California to see what this excuse for for a burger joint is trying to imitate.
5	This place has totally grown on me... they remodeled the bar which opened up the space a ton.  Great selection of brews on tap as well as some solid cocktails.  Can't go wrong with their burgers either.  Check'em out.
3	We were pretty excited for this place for some reason but it turned out to be just meh. We arrived right after it opened and were told to sit anywhere by the hostess, who was also the only waitress there. The booth we chose had a bunch of crumbs on it, which was odd considering we were the first ones there. Guess the night crew doesn't clean? Started with some shakes. The Nutella one was good, salted caramel was just okay. We ordered various burgers off the menu (nothing custom) and a couple side orders of fries. The burgers were good, cooked well. The crab fries were good but the pork belly on the other order seemed dry. There was what seemed to be nacho cheese on the fries which made it kind of soggy and overly salty. The bathroom was filthy. There was poop in the toilet (not the restaurant's fault, I know) hair in the sink and only a few paper towels on the back of the toilet. For being a fairly new restaurant it seemed it like it had an old bowling alley bathroom.We will not likely be back as ReHab Burger is much better, cleaner and closer.
5	Okay, so I gave this place another shot. And I am so glad I did. My husband was craving a burger and it was "date night" so we went here. The service was good (really great at first, then it waned off toward the middle and end of the meal). We got to sample different beers before finally ordering one so that was nice. The beer menu was very outdated, so you have to ask the server what they currently have. I got the chicken and quinoa kale salad which I was conflicted about since I really did want a burger but the salad sounded soooooooo good, and it was! My husband got the build your own burger. I love how you can choose your protein, type of bun (pretzel roll!!), cheese, veggies, sauce, etc. I was tempted to try the White Balsamic Mint sauce on a turkey burger...see why I was conflicted?!?! We also got the sweet potato fries which were good and crispy. My husband didn't care for the sweet dip it comes with, but I liked it. Overall the experience was much better and I am happy we came back.
3	Not sure what to say about this place. Some aspects pretty good, others not so good, some prices not too bad but mostly it felt overpriced, and so on. While at its sister Cuttlefish we looked at the menu and it looked good and there are some good sandwiches. I had the Notorious B.I.G. Burger which was very good. At $10 it was the bargain but the burger itself was complete. One friend built a chicken burger for $12, my wife had a $12 burger and the other spouse had a lamb burger for $13. There were no sides included which at $3.50 and up prices a burger about the same as one at Capital Grille.  We had some soggy sweet potato fries for $4.  We had Bang Bang Brussels Sprouts for $7 and that was pretty good. It was the best thing we had though the burgers  were good enough. There is a decent wine list though the wines by the glass are overpriced to grossly overpriced. There is an impressive draft beer list but the cost of a beer is slightly to amazingly higher than what you see other places: I mean $7 to $9 for some beers with which I am familiar and would expect to pay $5 or $6 for at places I frequent, sometimes less  the whiskey list is amazing if you want to try some interesting ones. I can't comment on pricing for spirits. We sat at a table so I can't comment on booth comfort though I saw one couple move twice. Service was adequate but we actually had someone greet us at the door and seat us. Most people came in, waited, then walked to the middle of the restaurant where they were eventually noticed and seated.  Our waiter kept track of us and got us served. Would we go back?: probably not though food was good and service adequate. Price seems high for what it is.
2	Decent beers on tap, great service, and mediocre everything else. Both burgers we tried had improper proportions of cheese to meat, very little toppings of interest, and there was nothing special about the meat-- you could barely taste it. It has to be a darn good burger to charge $12 with no sides, and that, it wasn't.The website and online menu leads you to believe it's a much hipper, younger place but the atmosphere was lacking. It felt like a stuffy, dark place that older people would feel comfortable in, and it was mostly older people eating there.There were two servers for the entire restaurant, one of which was also the host and bartender. They were super friendly, composed, and helpful. The water was room temperature which is a little untraditional for American dining. The music was awful... drab and slow.Nothing we tried we would order again, and we're definitely not going back. Bummer!
2	Slow, slow, slow. Awesome food- can't say the same for the service. We waited 25 minutes for shakes.... not acceptable. Burgers were so good (especially the quinoa) that we'll probably be back. Hoping for an improvement next time.
5	The best burger I have had in a long time! I love the build your own burger option. They have a good beer selection too!
5	Took my family here for a nice Friday night meal, and we all loved it.We started off not knowing what we wanted to drink, so the server asked us what we liked and made recommendations for both my wife and I.  Both were spot on - my wife ended up with a beer she loved, and I, feeling adventurous, tried a new bourbon that turned out to be excellent.We appreciated the variety - aside from the eight or so specialty burgers (as well as other sandwiches and salads) you can build your own from a very long list of ingredients - from five different buns to more than ten sauces, 20+ other condiments, it's hard to imagine there not being enough choice to please anyone.  And that's notwithstanding the choice of meats, from beef to chicken to lamb to salmon to a veggie option.  We both built burgers and were very pleased with the quality of the meat and toppings, and both came out fresh.  The kids menu was solid, too, and the kids loved the sliders.  Everything came out hot and accurate, and the french fries were too hot to eat!  The appetizers are promising - we only tried the brussels sprouts and they were delicious.Service was very solid, though a little slow towards the end.  I think that is deliberate - they seem to leave people alone once the food is there, which is fine by me but might be unappreciated by some.  I thought the pacing was just fine.As some other reviewers have mentioned, the atmosphere is a little older, but that's a function both of the location (Scottsdale) and the time.  We were there earlier, and the crowd was older, but that had changed somewhat by the time we left.  And sure, it is more expensive than some places.  If you don't want to spend $13 for a burger, there are other places that have decent burgers for less.  Me, I'm a huge fan of hamburgers, and am rather picky about the places I call favorites.  This one is on the list as a favorite for sure - great burgers, loads of choice, and good service.
5	We had an amazing dining experience with myself and my four kids here in Scottsdale on vacation. we know notorious burgers well because we dine at the location in Carlsbad regularly where we live. The burgers were amazing as well as the milkshakes and the french fries and dessert!!!! Tracy was great as well as all of the service we received. The environment is really awesome and overall it was a great experience!!!!
2	I just hopped on their website to look at their beer selection.  $8 for a draft of Stone IPA????  Seriously?  I'll pass.
1	I went to Notorious Burgers after seeing their coupons on several different mailers. I was not sure what to expect, but at the prices for the burgers, I was expecting something good. Unfortunately, this restaurant failed to deliver.Before I get to the food, I should point out a few things that really detracted from the dining experience. When I went into the restaurant, I noticed it was quite dark. After looking around the floor and seeing how dirty it was with the remains of food and even a spilled drink, I concluded that the lack of lighting is to hide how poorly the establishment is cleaned. There also seemed to be a lack of servers, and the wait time for everything was quite long. Finally, the air conditioning was either not working properly or was set high, as it felt very hot inside and I saw someone at the table in front of me using a makeshift fan.I ordered a burger using the make your own option. While the burger itself was not bad, the toppings were mediocre at best. I did not like how both the ketchup and mustard were very spicy, and the lettuce and tomato were not appetizing looking at all. For the prices that were being charged, even with a coupon, the food should have been better. There is absolutely no excuse for the lack of cleanliness in the restaurant, and it was an uncomfortable experience waiting around a long time for the food. The overall experience was bad, and I will not be returning.
5	Had a great meal. The Brussel sprouts are amazing besides the burgers being off the charts. One of our favorite gourmet burger spots. Kelly did a great job as hostess and waited on us too. Tracy is a great manager too.
5	Amazing!  Great food, service and drinks. Not just burgers. This is our "go to" place.
5	AMAZING!! We had the crab fries, the Brussel sprouts, the Gotti's lux  burger and the Salmon BLT.. Divine.. Dana took great care of us.. We couldn't eat all.. My new favorite place..
5	(Decided to give this place a second shot. Owner reached out to me and genuinely wanted to make reparations for my bad experience last visit. I'm glad I did. Ordered a 1 lb burger, and oh man. I had to bite once on top, and once on bottom. They loaded my burger UP! Had the cheese curd appetizer. REALLY good with the Chipotle aioli sauce. Girlfriend had the lamb burger, and wouldn't stop telling me how delicious it was, she actually wants to try making it at home... and she's never even had lamb. Now last time i was here i had the onion rings... and was disappointed. This time... they literally melted in your mouth. The onion didn't slide out of the batter, nor was it overcooked. Utter perfection. If they can maintain this level all the time, then i highly recommend coming here.
5	I am not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this place.... The food is simple (burgers, salads, fries) but OH so good!! We also got beer flights, which were enjoyable, and desserts were out of this world!! We came with a 20% off coupon from the clipper coupons, and a dinner for four ended up being a $100 tab!! Highly recommended and coming back next time for Build-Your-Own burgers.
5	Loved it!  We live quite a distance and would not have just come into Notorious Burgers, but I had purchased a Groupon, that we used last week.  The place has an inviting bar and the dining room is club-like with dark walls and wooden booths and tables.  There's a huge picture of Al Capone and other interesting artwork throughout.We were told to sit wherever we would prefer and immediately a server greeted us and gave us menus.  We asked what items were covered by the 4-course Groupon and he pointed out the couple of items that were not included. Then our server, Anthony, came by, welcomed us and introduced himself.  Within two minutes we felt totally at home!  The service could not be improved in any way---check backs were quick, there was time between courses so we didn't feel rushed, beverages were promptly refilled and Anthony made recommendations that he followed up on.  We loved the food and found it far from "meh" as another reviewer described.  The chicken wings were wrapped in top-quality bacon and were huge ---- I swear they were from a chicken on steroids!  They were perfectly cooked and coated in an amazing barbecue sauce.  The calamari was not the usualy ring type, but rather cut from calamari steak.  The sauce it was served with was good, but Anthony also suggested we try the lemon aioli with the calamari --- amazing.  The burgers were prefectly cooked .  My husband had a more traditional burger with bacon and cheese and onion rings, which he loved.  Mine was out there --- with feta cheese and sunflower sprouts (I've never seen them before: reminded me of LIttle Shop of Horrors, and sunflower seeds.  It was fantastic.  The burgers were huge and we took half of each home to enjoy the next day. We took home the dessert that came with our Groupon package because we couldn't eat another thing.  We each got the cannoli which were made while we waited !!!  Can't be any fresher than that.  They were amazing, just like the best Italian bakeries in NYC and Boston.At the end Joey, the owner, came over.  He was appreciative of our business and I promised him I would write a Yelp review.  My husband and I love mom and pop restaurants and have definitely found a new favorite spot!   When we want an amazing burger, we will jump in the car and ride up from Chandler....yes, that is how good Notorious Burger is.  Worth the drive!  The Groupon enabled us to try a lot of their menu, next time it will be difficult to decide what to order!
4	I am definitely a burger fan and this place has great burgers and beers for great prices! I am not even a beer fan but the flights are fun and only $7! You get to build your own burger with many different options or they have options on the menu if you dont trust what you would build. We've been back 2x in the past 2 weeks already and even saw Kurt Warner and his wife dining there last week. The only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because they can do a little bit more work on their french fries and believe their truffle fries should come with the truffle sauce and but a little bit more thin. Otherwise delicious burgers!
5	They call this Notorious Burgers for a reason!  I have been working professionally as a restaurant consultant for over a decade and keep my mouth shut unless it is worth or not worth a review.This blew my mind.  They are on to something here.  With Kale, beets, make your own burger with choices from beef, to lamb, to turkey to quinoa and over a dozen cheeses and sauces and about a dozen buns (including pretzel and gluten free,  as well as us carb conscious ones, with a lettuce wrap).I thought I died and went to heaven!  A Chicago native who attended UW-Madison undergrad I can not tell people enough how goooooood cheese curds are.  Well....here is your chance!  Not only are they heavenly, but being a professional chef I know when you have taken the time to hand batter your own stuff.  They are super creative and makes you anticipate the next time you get to walk in the doors.  I always sit by the kitchen or the bar when I can talk to the staff.  What a great group I got to meet!
2	My husband and I were excited to try a new place. Our server was delightful, very friendly.  I ordered the Flat Iron Steak Salad with steak medium well.  When it arrived the bowl/plate it was served in was so hot that the server actually carried it out with a napkin.  Needless to say, the lettuce was like soup.  She gladly took it back and brought me a new one.  Unfortunately my steak was dripping in blood.  I ate the lettuce that didn't have blood on it and the salad was actually very tasty.  My husband also asked for his burger well and it was almost solid pink.    I observed a man send his food back and walk out right before our food arrived.  Seems a shame that a restaurant with good recipes can't get their kitchen act together.  It was our first time and we won't go back.  Too many new other places to try.
5	I really like this place. Very good burger, great beer selection and a nice menu of other items that are not burgers. I prefer this place to Hop Doddy, but I do like HD too. It's more similar to Zinburger. This place has a really solid happy hour too.
3	I am stuck between 3 and 4 - I would give Notorious Burgers a 3-3.5 (A-OK or better) and my boyfriend would give it a 4 (yay! he's a fan!). I did like the decor entering through the front, but something felt a tiny off in the back main dining room. I can't put my finger on it. Maybe just because it is so dark. The waitstaff and manager we SO very nice. They were attentive, kind and really really nice. 5 stars on that. The chocolate shake was good, a bit rich. They don't bring you the extra, just the part of shake that fits into the jar. I should have asked for it at the same time as my food, it was a little runny by the time the food came. My fault. My boyfriend loved his burger (something with bacon). My cheeseburger was pretty good, nothing life changing, but good. The bun was a little dry - I think that was the biggest drawback. The fries were not great at all, they were kind of hard - like overcooked (not burnt, just hard, not crispy, but hard). The cheese curds are probably amazing to 99% of people, but since I don't drink or like the taste of beer, I didn't like them as they are beer battered. I bet you for anyone else though, they would just die over these cheese curds. mmmm. Overall, our lunch was over $50, which is pretty expensive for just ok/good. I am sure I will be back to try again.
5	My husband and I stumbled upon this place a few days ago for our weekly date night. We sat at the bar and were taken care of by Anthony the bartender. He was friendly, and had a great knowledge of the food and the drinks. There beers on tap are very impressive and fairly priced (especially during happy hour.)      We started out with the bang bang brussels and they were FANTASTIC! Anything that has pork belly has to be good. Anthony suggested the capone burger and to add bacon and put it on a pretzel bun. It was hands down the best burger I have ever had! My husband did a build your own burger and equally loved his!     We will absolutely be going back for more burgers, booze and conversation. So glad that we found this place, it was a delight!
3	I really want to give this place 4 stars but just can't. The short version is that this place is flirting with awesome but, given a choice, I'd opt for Zin Burger over Notoriois Burger. Plus: awesome friendly staff, cool concept, great decor, good beer and whiskey menu, and great menu concepts. Minus: Burger was over-done, cheese in Dungeness Crab cheese fries totally overpowered the crab (gooey pretzel cheese), everything was so rich! Overall: I'll totally be back to see how they develop and the Living Social coupon that got us here was a screaming deal. The wait staff were awesome all around and we had a good time. Zin burger does the cool beer and burger thing better but the gangster vibe here was a lot of fun.
5	Had a wonderful experience. Great selection of beer, good happy hour menu. Burgers are exceptional, haven't had a burger so good in long time. Everything from the bun to the topping tasted and looked fresh. Will definitely be back soon!
5	i have been meaning to get in this place for the past few months.  Finally a lunch date suggested it so we went.  It was fun to order off the selection list, all kinds of options from 6 different types of buns, different size burgers, and meat etc.  Sort of like filling out a Sushi order!  Burger arrived and it was delicious.  Usually i would only eat half but i couldn't stop, ate the entire thing!
5	I had such a taste for a great turkey burger patty on a bed of greens.I heard about Notorious Burger but had not been there yet, so we tried it last night.This place did not disappointment me at all. I did the build your own option. This way I could have all the bells and whistles on the burger my way.The turkey patty was full of flavor which is not the case in many restaurants and all the greens and veggies were fresh and high quality. I ordered a few side sauces to try them out; that was fun.This place will definitely be one of my new sources for a great turkey burger.Great service and ambience as well.
5	The staff was super friendly and helpful , superb atmosphere in the building , connected and owned by the same people who run Cuttle Fish another great restaurant. I believe I have found my new favourite spot near my mums here , the list of specialty craft beers on tap is impressive and the burgers are absolutely DELICIOUS!!! I HIGHLY recommend that you know and try this place out ! Don't miss out!! Your truly depriving yourself of a great time
3	I went here because I was aware that it just went in business. Therefore, I brought my mom and brother with me to give it a try. The location is pretty good. The lightning in the restaurant is a little dim. The lightning could definitely be better. Along with the lightning, the food wasn't that great. I mean it wasn't terrible but it doesn't meet Scottsdale standards.
5	Came back a third time for happy hour last night! Pleasantly surprised by the make your own burger options!
5	Fantastic food and fantastic service!
5	As a burger snob, I'm completely qualified to review this joint.  You order the size of your burger,  and every option to add to your burger to create an organism of taste. The best burger I've ever had and I can't wait to go back.  2 meals, 5 adult bevies.  80 bucks out the door which included a 20 dollar tipCan't wait to go back
3	Bought a coupon deal and tried this place with friends for the first time on a recent Saturday night.  Our deal included 2 beverages (beer or milkshake), 2 appetizers, 2 burgers and 2 desserts = too much food so we shared all among the 4 of us. Warning:  EVERYTHING here has bacon on it in some shape or form.  Now I'm a bacon lover so that shouldn't present a problem, but bacon, bacon, bacon - be careful because at some point, it becomes too much bacon. We started off with bam bam brussel sprouts and Little Crazy Fries - fries with cheese sauce and toppings.  Odd to order brussel sprouts at a burger joint but they were roasted and quite good, although somewhat rich with very sweet kung pao sauce and a tad greasy for my taste.  The Little Crazy fries went fast so I guess they were good.  Shared a Notorious Big burger and a Big Poppa bacon burger (note: MORE bacon).  Burgers were enormous by my standards and I was very glad to share.  They are tall too, not sure how you'd manage to shove this in your mouth intact but I guess some do.  Dessert - NO bacon (whew!).  We shared some kind of little mini donut thing in nutella sauce with ice cream and more sauce stuff.  Donuts were a little tough but they tasted pretty good.  Milkshakes were also tasty but by this time, we were all pretty full.So - I don't know if Notorious lives up to "Notorious" but it was memorable, the food was pretty good, and our waitress was really good.  The atmosphere is a bit strange, dark and kind of lacking any form or focused design.  The chalkboard art in the front entrance is cool.  And speaking of cool, it was really cool, no make it cold, in there.  Yes, the A/C works very well.  One small annoyance was the process of clearing/cleaning tables.  I guess the staff is just used to the noise but they were scraping chairs & tables across the slate tile floors making quite a racket.  Not the most pleasant background noise to eat by.  There are so many specialty burger places available now.  And here's one more...  See for yourself.  Bacon, Bacon, BACON.  Nuh said.
1	Awful, service is awfulfood not cooked all the way throughwill not recommend it at all.THIS IS NOT FOR KIDS AT ALL OR BABIES.
5	Notorious Kitchen is a great place for lunch or dinner!  I came in to check out the burgers and I was not disappointed.  I got the Notorious BIG burger and it was perfect.  Even the sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty!!!  I love the comfortable atmosphere and the service was really good.  Thanks folks,  I will most definitely be back!!!
5	Once again Notorious Burgers knocked it out of the park. The appetizer prime rib bruschetta was amazing.  Fresh Italian bread fresh tomatoes and garlic. Amazing. Next the Gambino burger - a lamb patty well seasoned with tzatziki and bacon.   My wife had the Prime Rib dip. Wonderful. Justin took care of us. Great service.
2	We ventured into the Restaurant  based on a review in the Phoenix magazine identifying their turkey burger as the" best "in Phoenix. We expected a great burger and got a mediocre burger at best. The burger was dry, the bun soggy and the toppings tasteless.I have no idea how Phoenix Magazine  rated this place so high, possibly a good PR agent. In any case , if you want quality burgers , I suggest you look elsewhere.
3	We've been to Notorious 5-6 times and giving Notorious  3-stars is being a bit generous after our last two visits.  Both times the place was almost empty, the service was un-Godly slow and the food mediocre.  They got off to a much better start when they first opened.Tonight, which will be our last visit, was so disappointing.  When we got there, there was no greeter at the door, just a sign that said to seat yourself.  It took over 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us and offer us water/drink.  We ordered an appetizer and two burgers.  After forty minutes the appetizer finally showed up...only it was the wrong item!  They took away the wrong dish without offering to bring out the correct one.  No apology...just no appetizer.  We waited another thirty minutes for the burgers to finally show up.  We told him to forget the appetizer since we now had dinner.    He seemed surprised that we didn't want our appetizer as dessert.  It's also silly they have no vegetables available on the menu.  I asked them if they could get me "something green" from Cuttlefish next door...since it's owned by the same family.  The response was that I could have a side salad if I wanted, but that they served no vegetables.  After what we thought was a really good opening it's sad to see the service and food sink to this level.  We really wanted to love this place.  ***Also, if a restaurant has too many chairs it's really not nice to stack them on top of one another alongside the dining tables.  No one wants to feel as if they're dining next to a storage area.
5	Our server (Anthony) was really good about pairing my taste of beer with all their selections of draft (2$ off on happy hour). He was patient, nice and knowledgable. Food was SO good. Felt like a taste of LA all over again with the atmosphere and flavors!!
4	Good first impressions. Nice gangster themed decor, clean, good selection of drinks and food at a moderate price ($10-$15/entree). I visited during lunch hour on the weekend. It was a completely empty dining room, just one other family who already had their food. We ordered straight away, but still the food came out s l o o o w. I took my kids outside to play (several times) just to kill time. A few patrons walked thru the door and actually left because they couldn't find staff and were unsure if the place was open. That's a bad sign. I only saw one guy working the entire time we were there, a little over an hour. Despite all this we did decide to stay and order.Good news, the food was very tasty. My burger was juicy and side salad was very fresh with just the right amount of dressing. That was a nice surprise.  Worth the wait? Depends on your schedule. But I enjoyed enough. One curious note: there was only one unisex bathroom. Even with a near empty dining room, I had to wait in line for the toilet. Ugh.
4	The owner of Notorious Burger reached out to me after he saw this review.  (Not sure what happened to his response as it was here) offering to make things right and to comp. our next meal if we came back in to the restaurant.  We will definitely give them another chance - even though I can't print out his response since it is now gone.  It was so good initially, we'll give them another go.  ***To the owner - thanks for replying so promptly.
1	Wow!  I wish I could give this place zero stars...as in this place sucks, avoid at all costs.  As others have stated, we purchased a deal voucher for what seemed like a lot.  We were greatly looking forward to our visit.  It happened to be a football weekend so we called ahead and asked if they were a "sports bar" and if they had NFL ticket.  We received a definitive "YES, we have all the games".  When we arrived, no one was at the host(ess) stand and someone from across the room yelled "sit wherever you want".  Nice first impression.  We headed to the bar.  They had ONE game on...the local game. The bar was empty so we asked them to put on a certain game since they had NFL Ticket.  After fumbling with multiple remotes and guides,  they tried to sell me that it was the ONLY game on.  IDIOTS!!!  We should have left right then.  We decided to stay and use our deal voucher.  Upon presentation to the bartender, they acted confused and had to scramble to show us what was available.  The deal seemed pretty clear cut but they acted as if it was in foreign language.  What was listed on the deal was NOT offered by the restaurant. Ok, so we move forward.I asked about their beers (their taps are way off to the side and barely visible).  The bartender couldn't tell me what was on tap nor did they had a beer list (really?!).  He did offer samples, but if he can't tell us what's on tap, how am we supposed to order a sample?  He then proceeds to pour us three (very poor pours) samples...OF HIS CHOOSING!!!  I got up, walked to the end of the bar so I could see the tap handles, and ordered a couple beers.  They were good.The food...first they have had a huge menu change.  It used to be based on burgers, not now.  It's a totally different concept, not a "burger joint" which is what the name suggests and what we expected and purchased the deal.  Here we go again.  The bartender says they changed because there were multiple burger places in the area and more coming.  I heard a few customers complain that the "build a burger" option was gone.  I guess that was a highlight...hard for me to see any now.  The food and appetizers, which came out randomly, were just ok.  And the desert...premade frozen thingy...not good!  Oh yeah, and milkshakes that were to be included with the deal...not offered anymore at this place.  And ambiance...the place seems cool and normally would've been nice but we were lucky enough to be there when an older woman was bitching (not complaining) about a baby crying.  It was mid day and the place had maybe four tables of people.  It's a baby for gosh sakes!!  Instead of apologizing and letting it go, this bartender spent in excess of 30 minutes sucking up to this old bag.  I have no kids and can tolerate an innocent child (yes parents should use common sense but).  I would've escorted this old hag out and saved my other patrons her annoying whining.  Instead he allowed his other customers to go unattended while he kissed her ..... I could probably continue but you get the point...No, Nada, Never returning.  Waste of time.  Absolutely the worst experience!!!!
3	The owners contacted us as a result of our first visit and review, and offered us a generous coupon to try their place again. We have not taken them up on their offer as it was never really convenient on our visits to Scottsdale. I think it was a classy move to make the offer. It appears as if they are rebranding. I drove by the location a couple of days ago and saw it is now named Notorious Kitchen rather than Burger. Perhaps they have changed their menu?The food wasn't really the problem, rather it was the whole ethos of the place. I hope we get a chance to check it out but I have my Scottsdale favorites, a couple of which are in the same shopping center as Notorious, so it's unlikely. Unless of course I can still use the coupon they offered several months ago.
2	What a disappointment. Great  food bad inattentive service. middle of the week and one bartender to help with drinks and serving tables. Although he was very polite and nice, they were short staffed and took forever for everything and dishes started piling up without anyone caring. The hostess kept walking by it without any concern. Several people actually just left without ordering. When I mentioned that to the bartender who came to visit from the sister restaurant Cuttlefish next door, he did not even apologize and had a smart ass remark.The burger and appetizer was great. The small portion store bought desserts were the same price as entrees and definitely not worth the price.What a shame to have good food but not know how to make customers happy.
