5	A really nice foot massage spa.  Herbal foot baths...  New and I know that right now they have those voucher cards so if you go 10 times you get one free.Right now, it is $25.00 for 30 mins and $28.00 for 45 mins of reflexology treatment!They just opened so it is very new and everything is very clean.  I like the wooden tubs they use for the foot soaks.Very nice.  You should check it out if you can :)
5	I haven't had a decent massage in three years.  It is with some level of pride that I can say I've had masseuses at a loss at what to do regarding the petrified knots growing in my neck and upper back.  But out of sheer luck I think I've found my solution.They start you off with an Herbal foot soak while massaging your back.  Leo at Pure Foot and spa managed to skillfully break down the major problems I had, feeling out major issues and fixing it quickly and painlessly ( Until the next day).  Already drifting pretty well on cloud nine by that point, much of what followed was a blur.  Lets just say they work every part of you that needs it.The price point is simply incredible- $38 for an hour.  Yeah, you don't get a private room (though for 6$ more you can), but none of that matters.  Since once they get started, you're pretty much in your own little world.
3	This busy reflexology spa located in the Asian Pacific Plaza (near Pho Saigon 8) gives you more than a little feet action.For $28 each, we got 45 minutes of hardcore kneading.  (Actually, my guy was on the phone a little too much, so I didn't get his undivided attention.)  Your feet are soaking in the hot herbal bath while they work the rest of you...and they really work on you hard...so hard that a day later, I am in pain...my shoulder blades are really sore with red spots from all the massaging and a spot of broken skin where I think he overdid it.  Looking over at the Big F, I was jealous.  His lady was working his head like no tomorrow.  I would definitely take a scalp/head massage over some aggressive upper back/shoulder action.They also work on your arms a bit before heading south.  When they do get to your feet and calves, they are using this petroleum jelly-like concoction that made my legs even smoother than when I came in.Overall, I would have given Pure Foot & Spa a solid four.  But being in the kind of pain I am today, and with the blister from too much kneading, I'm bringing it down to a three.  With the prices here, you'll definitely see us back here again.  I'll be sure to have someone else working on me and definitely ask for more head action this time!Cash only.$25 for 30 minutes$28 for 45 minutes$38 for 60 minutes
4	Had a wonderful foot massage which included a back/neck/scalp/arm massage as well for 1 hour.  All for around $36.  Save your money - don't bother going to the massage places in the expensive Strip resorts - drive a little off the strip and save some big money.  In terms of bang for the buck, this massage has it all over the really expensive massage that we had at the Canyon Ranch spa a few days ago
5	Now this place is a way better deal for the money.  I paid $40 (including tip) for a really good foot massage.  It really worked out all the kinks that I had and trust me, my chiro says I have a lot.  Okay, maybe not all the kinks but the knots were beated/massaged enough that I felt really good afterwards.  I agree with Spleen, save your money.  If you're just looking for a good place to unwind with some serious masaging, come to Pure.  But I guess if you're really, really trying to impress someone (like maybe some WASP friends) then take them to Qua.  Otherwise, if you got some low-key, down to earth friends, take them here.4.75 stars.
4	No Happy Ending, but great service nonetheless.While in Vegas for my b-day my girlfriend surprised me by booking a massage for the both of us here.  Rather than spend the ridiculous prices that Vegas hotel spas charge she checked out YELP (of course) and found this hidden gem.  Incredible experience and totally affordable.Atmosphere:Clean, relaxing, environment.  Numerous chairs are set-up in the main room and everyone has their own masseuse.  Soft music plays in the background and a plasma television hangs from the wall.  Nothing fancy and not quite the modern spa feel, but this place gets down to business.Service / Experience:You are placed in a leather chair and given a cup of hot teas.  The 45 minute session starts with placing your bare feet inside a bag full of hot tea that is supposed to help get rid of the toxins in the body (which in Vegas there are plenty to get rid off).  Simultaneously, your back will be rubbed in Swedish fashion and all the kinks will be worked out.  Then after a brief scalp massage (which will mess up your hair) they move on to both your arms and hands.  This was magical and left my hands super soft and ready to hit the blackjack table for hours on end.  Here's an idea casinos should pay for massages while gambling to keep you there for extended periods of time, plus you probably will lose your ass as you daze in and out from total relaxation.  Finally, they pull your feet out of the tea and work on the dogs for an extended period of time.  So good!Price:CASH ONLY so be prepared.  As advertised $28 for 45 minutes of reflexology treatment.  You can pay jut a little more for a longer period of time.  But please be sure to tip your masseuse for their hard work, you'll actually leave satisfied unlike the local strip joint :)Pure Foot & Spa is not too far off the strip and right down the way from the Wynn and Encore off Spring Mountain Road.  Parking is a lot and it was easy to find and space.There are a bunch of other massage places, but don't be fooled this is a professional place...so if you're looking for something else...then I guess you can always grab one of the flyers from those annoying guys on the strip.
5	huh?  I thought I wrote my review update a while ago, but I guess I forgot.  Came to Vegas a while ago and decided to go for a foot massage.  The place is very clean and has many big comfy chairs.  There are two plasma tv screens on the walls and it was playing some Asian variety show but the sound was turned off and instead, the stereos were playing soft 'calming' music.Once again, they started off by seating me in one of those chairs and offered me tea and Ferrero Rocher.  After being seated, they put my feet in a plastic bag filled with that herbal water, tied it, and put my feet in the wooden tub.  After that, the lady gave me a really good back and scalp massage.  Then she massaged my arms and hands.  (Warning: take off your jacket before the massage startsand if you have long hair, use one of those clips things to clip up your hair while the masseuse does your back and also it is easier to take it out when she does the scalp massage)  After that luxurious hand/arm massage, it was time to get working on my feet.  I really hate my feet so I was a bit embarrassed but thankfully, the warm water soften up my feet so they looked human. Sigh, it was good.  Really worth your money...  Now, I want to get a massage, but seeing how it is 12:40 AM, I'll settle for a shower.
4	Probably one of the better places in Vegas for a foot massage.  Came in for the hour and got 65 minutes of uninterrupted massage.  They covered everything (back, shoulders, arms, hands, legs, feet and even scalp.  Cool thing was the owner came in, Angel, and greeted me and thanked me for coming.  Nothing like being appreciated as a customer.
1	A sad visit has left me and my fiance extremely unhappy.We used to be regular visitors to this place at least once a month. It was actually yesterday when we went over again to get rid of some stress and get an hour long massage. When it was all said and done, we were about to pay $90 for the both of us. Keep in mind that the massages are $38/hour, so that times two is $76. I left a $14 tip which is 15%, and most places would be happy, but not this time. The gentleman that gave me a massage looked at me and said "really? only this much?". It was one of the most insulting things in my life, especially at a place I went to relieve some stress.Don't get me wrong though, the massages were amazing, they did awesome work on both me and my fiance. The lady that gave my fiance a massage was FURIOUS when she heard how much we wanted to tip, and the guy was doing his best to hurry us out, so I was like well okay fine, I'll give you guys $100 ($24 tip). He told me people always tipped at least $10. Really? Just because everyone wants to tip 30% does that mean that I'm a loser for tipping 15%? We went in there to be stress free and this only made me feel worse, both me and my fiance felt like horrible people...I hope the extra few dollars were worth permanently losing some customers. We decided we're never coming here again, I guess we have to find somewhere else to go for awesome massages.
4	Definitely the least shady looking of them all ....The place was clean and welcoming. No red neon lights or drapes. The chairs are leather and there is a dark purplish lighting going on comparable to a lounge..I had never gotten a foot massage in the "drunk hours", but it was cool. Most importantly, for $40 bucks an hour upper neck/shoulder/leg/foot massage combo was a great deal.I didn't enjoy listening to the Chinese old men grunting and speaking to each other. You have to always wonder if they are talking about you. In any case, the staff was friendly enough.
5	As I knew I would be trekking around Las Vegas nightlife in 5 inch heels, I Yelped foot massage places before our arrival and found this place.  After Thursday (night 1) of partying, my feet were already sore from my heels.   Friday afternoon at around 3pm, I called Pure Foot & Spa to see if I was able to make an appointment at 3:30pm for me and two friends.  They said 3:30 would be fine and be sure to come to Pure Foot & Spa as there are a lot of non-professional massage places along Spring Mountain Road.  We took the taxi from Palazzo which cost roughly $13 (not including tipping the cab driver).  Upon walking into the establishment, we were given tea and seated in large leather where there was only one other customer getting massaged.  AMBIANCE:  A clean, relaxing environment with about 9-10 leather seats placed in two rows accompanied by ottomans.  Blinds and curtains over the windows to dim the place a bit while relaxing music is on the speakers.MASSAGE:  This is not only a foot massage.  They start off by having you sit on the ottoman with your feet soaked in a tea type of water and massaging your shoulders, neck, shoulders, and arms for a good 20 minutes or so.  They then have you sit back into the lounge chair where they continue massaging your feet and calves with lotion.  PRICING:  A banner hanging outside advertises a 45 minute massage for $28.  We opted for the 60 minute massage for $38.  Additional services are available for an additional cost as we seen the other customer getting his calluses taken off and laying across two ottomans getting his back massaged lying face down.  Prices do not include gratuity.  There is a $1 fee if you pay by credit.PARKING:  Pure Foot & Spa is located in a small plaza, so there is a lot available.  Overall, my massage was heavenly!  He was able to work through some of the knots in my back (I have A LOT!) and provide me with looser muscles.  He did miracles to my feet because I was able to wear my 5 inch heels Friday and Saturday nights without waking up with sore feet the following morning.
4	Pure foot and spa an oasis in the desert of tired feet! Decided to try this place out due to the high ratings co yelpers has been giving this establishment.I just gotta give it a try and now I know why.45mins massage $28 +tip.60 mins massage is $38 + tip.They start you off with hot tea in styrofoam cups while waiting for the huge wooden buckets to soak your feet into.Service is friendly and professional. Comparable to massges you get in fancy hotels. It's a whole body experience they give you here not only the feet.Owner was friendly and gracious. Will definitely go back and recommend to local friends!
1	Read lots of good reviews from Yelp, and went with my wife.we did not like it because:- they just massage on your body without knowing how/what they are doing. A good massage make you feel good pain during and great afterward. Their massage makes you feel nothing during and afterward.- They asked for 30% of tips. This is the very first time ever that the massagers ever asked for the tips of 30%?? I give them 20% and they keep insists they need more ...* Pros:- the base fee is not expensive (there are better deal in San Jose, $15 for 1 hr. with better massage)* Cons:- No a good massage- Ask too much tips (30%)- Cash only
3	PROS:So my girlfriends and I decided to head over to one of those foot massage places to relieve our poor achy feet from all the dancing the night before. They served us yummy green tea upon arrival. The place is super clean! I am notorious for walking out of places due to lack of cleanliness, this place deserved an "A" for cleanliness! It was $28 for 45 minutes. You are massaged head to toe (fully clothed). They definitely knew what they were doing and always asked you how much pressure you wanted. It was totally worth the $28 bucks!I ended up tipping my massage therapist $6 dollars which is a little more than 20%. Standard.CONS:My girlfriend had also decided to tip about the same amount except she didn't have exact change like me. She gave her massage therapist a total of $40, thinking that the therapist would give her back $12 and she would leave $6 for the therapist. The therapist takes the money and we sit and wait for the change. We wait and we wait and nothing. By this time, all the therapists had gone into the back room. Akward right?Finally we knock on the door and theyre eating, they never sai goodbye or thanks for coming. She comes out with a fork in hand and while my friend asks for her change, she places the fork in her mouth while she pulls her manly wallet out of her back pocket and gives my friend a $5 dollar bill? Hello, dont know how to add and subtract? You owe my friend $12!!!! She shall decide how much tip to give you!FINAL ANSWER: GO but bring exact change!!! and if you happen to get a female therapist and you can't understand her, tell her to please take the for out of her mouth!!!!!!!!!!!
4	used to get a foot massage once a week when i lived in houston, so when we visited las vegas this week, i was looking forward to sharing the experience with my bf. las vegas is flooded with foot massage & reflexology places, so i was unsure which one to trust. thanks to yelpers, i selected pure. what a great choice. we decided to go for the 1 1/2 hour massage for $54! what a deal. they soaked our feet and then worked on our back and neck, followed by a head massage. we fell asleep during the foot work, and woke up 15 min before the treatment was up. darn! the last 15 min was spent on my back, thighs, and glutes. soooo worth it. we are only going to be in las vegas for three days, but already planning my trip back to pure before we leave! it was my bf's first time getting a foot massage, and he would definitely go again. they even worked out this large knot in his neck, and he said, "its a million times better!" what a great endorsement! cons: cash only
4	i haven't been to very many footmassage places so I can't really compare it to anything.. nor do I get massages on a regular, so... any massage is a great massage to me. :PI've actually been to this spot a couple times and like the massages..when u walk in it's really calm and serene.. waterfall noises and soft music.. it's very quiet and peaceful.  then u walk past the partition towards a bunch of lazy boy recliners where the magic of the foot massage takes place.you stay fully clothes except for your shoes and socks which are replaced with a bucket and a bag that's filled with warm water and salts.. [careful not to just plunge your feet in the water, they don't really understand the concept of hot and will sometimes force u to put them in the boiling hot water saying it's good for you]  u don't have too. just say no. 3rd degree burns are not the business.quick tip: [all sexual innuendos aside]  let them know if u like it rough... I kinda like it hard, but learned that hard means the b could be taking a freaking stroll on your back..    they hook u up from top to bottom.. head to toe. the one thing they could do w/out is having conversations with the other ladies.. and or picking up their phones,  but they add the time that's taken away when they do.. but really.. they shouldn't pick up their phones!  hello.  these ladies prefer cash too and voice it.  doesn't mean they don't take credit cards. 28 for 45 min38 for an hour! which means they turn u on your stomach and hook up your back.   the extra 10 is well worth it.
5	I was in town for a tradeshow at the Las Vegas convention center. After walking a million miles each day, I decided to stop by Vegas Chinatown for a massage. A foot massage sounded nice, and was highly recommended by some friends of mine. Being from out of town, it was a bit uncomfortable treading off of the vegas strip grounds. However, when I entered Pure Foot Spa, it made me just right at home. I went with another person and to my surprise there was only 2 -3 others getting a foot massage. It was very private as well as clean. Clean and sanitary is of my biggest concern. The decor was very simple and nice. They had nice large comfortable LEATHER seats. I love the fact that it is leather! It is a very nice place which looks really lounge-ish. 2 flat screen lcd tv's were mounted on the walls. Relaxing and calming music was being played. it was so surreal to be surrounded by such a heavenly atmosphere. Everyone was very accommodating as I called in advance to make my appointment. The reflexologists knew exactly which pressure points to press and exactly how much pressure to apply. Aside from that, they were very caring and constantly asking if everything was ok. The tea was very delicious and I got lots of refills.
4	Since moving out of state, I haven't had access to those cheap Chinese foot massages that are all the rage in So. CA now.  On a recent visit to Vegas, my friends and i decided to take a break from gambling to get one.  We have been to numerous Chinese foot massage parlors all over the world, including in China. This was one of the better ones if you don't mind putting up with a little chaos. I called to make appointments for four of us about 45 minutes ahead of time.  When we walked in, we were the only clients and everything proceeded very nicely for a while.  They set us up in comfy lounge chairs, then soaked our feet in hot water while Peter massaged my neck, shoulders and scalp (I was seated on the ottoman facing the chair). The neck and shoulders was heavenly but the scalp was basically just scratching which didn't do anything for me.  After about 15 minutes, I was instructed to sit on the chair with my feet on the ottoman and he began to massage my legs and feet. Tea was offered, which was nice and I really began to relax.  But it was not to last. A family of 5 plus two kids walked in without appointments and that is when everything went haywire. All four of our masseuses got onto their cell phones to dial desperately for reinforcements.  Peter seemed to be in charge because he spent the most time on the phone.  After a while, I told him just to stop massaging my leg and finish his calls because he was using one hand to hold his phone while repeatedly rubbing one leg as he talked and I didn't feel he was focused. He apologized repeatedly and got up to finish his call.  He also gave me a couple of extra minutes at the end to make up for the time he was away.After the feet, he massaged my arms and hands a bit before sliding out a 2nd ottoman, thus extending the chair into a bed.  After covering the bed with towels, he had me lie down on my stomach with my head hanging off the ottoman and my feet on the chair.  He then proceeded to massage my back and OMG it was wonderful!I'm sure there was more to the massage, but this is what I recall.  Despite the chaos, everyone was very nice, very professional and I would definitely go again next time I'm in town.  Everyone in the group enjoyed their massage and we all just sort of laughed and accepted that this is the price you pay for an inexpensive massage.  Angel, the owner, showed up (as part of the reinforcements) and was very friendly.  $38 for 60 minutes, we added on $7 for tip to make it $45/person.  I took off one star for the chaos.  By the way, don't expect authentic reflexology here.  I've done that and they are VERY painful.  These places say they offer reflexology, but it is really nothing more than an excellent massage by a skilled amateur.  Still feels oh-so-good, though!
5	My hairdresser recommended this place and I am officially addicted.  I can't wait to get my next fix.  Just walk in... no appointment.  Sit down, put your feet in the hot water, get some tea, and get ready for a great massage.  A word of warning - the masseuses do apply a lot of pressure, which I like.  But if it hurts too much, just tell them.  The masseuses actually communicate quite well and it's not awkward at all for me.The only thing that is weird is the scalp massage.  It's dry, which is strange, and they just sort of flick your head and hair with their fingers for a while.  But just tell them to skip it, or any other part that bugs you.  They also make my fingers pop when they massage my hands... but I kind of like it!$38 plus tip (cash only) and all my ailments are cured... for a while.  If I could only stay off the computer...
4	As for Chinese Reflexology in Vegas, this is the best I've been to. It's clean, cozy and the massages here are very good. I recommend the hour because the do your feet, back, neck, etc. It's $38 which is a great alternative to paying over $100 on the strip. When I went during the day, it wasn't busy, it was actually nice to have the place just my boyfriend and I. If you want a good affordable massage, this is the place to go.
5	Absolutely fantastic.  A very thorough massage.  Angel is really nice, gave us an appointment right away, and my wife and I both got fantastic massages and left very relaxed.You get a full body massage in phases, first your neck, head, lower back, then your feet, and legs, then you lie down and they do a full body back massage.  You keep your clothes on and in your a dark quiet room.  Totally on the up and up and a great deal. When I'm in Vegas again, I'll definitely stop by.  Very relaxing
3	Vegas Yelpers!I came here yesterday with my friend who was visiting from San Diego. We both work in the nightlife industry... he's a DJ and I'm a dancer... so we were in much need of a good massage... after being up all night and on our feet! It was my first time getting a massage in Vegas.I pulled up my handy yelp app on my iphone! -For those of you who know me... I'm always on my yelp app... :))) Yes I'm addicted to YELP :DSo... after my quick search... I found Pure Foot & Spa! Just a 1.5 mile drive from where we we eating lunchI called and spoke to Angel... her english was really bad... all I could make out was $38 for 1 hour full body and that she wants us to come over. 5 minutes later we pull up. There was no Angel but Lucky called Angel for me and a minute later we were sitting in the lazy boys.Why 3 stars?Things I weren't happy about:- Lucky's cell phone went off a few times while he was massaging me. I think his phone should have been on silent or someone else should have answered the phone if it was a business cell phone. Having him talk on the phone while massaging me wasn't relaxing for me, especially when hes poking down on my forehead the whole time he was on the phone.- It was superbowl Sunday and I'm not a fan of football. I was trying to get away from the superbowl madness! and the tv infront of me had the superbowl on... and the volume was loud enough to be distracting. My friend eventually asked if they could mute the volume.- People were walking in which made it a little hard to just RELAX... I wouldn't have mind it to be really quiet and just have the relaxing bird and water inspired music be the only distraction.- Lucky, the guy working on me did have here and there conversations with the girl working on my friend next to me... which was also a distraction.- My friend gave the girl that was working on him $100 for the both of us... and she didn't offer him any change. She should have given him the change and let him decide how much tip to leave. They banked on $24 tip, when it should have been half the amount if I do the math right! Basically... you sit in the chair while your feet is soaking in HOT water (water was really hot they have to add cold water 3 times to make it comfortable)... they start on your shoulders, back, head, feet, arms. Then you lay on your stomach and they work more on your back.If you're looking for a cheap full body massage then come here!Not sure if I'll be back. I may have to try other off the strip massage spots before I come back here. But for the price... you get what you pay for right?!I'll end it on a goodnote-they do offer tea and water (which I passed on)and I did walk out happy with a relaxed body! So mission was accomplished!
5	We're visiting Vegas and was looking for a good foot spa. We learned about Pure Foot Spa through Yelp.  We decided to try it based on all the good reviews.  We were not dissappointed!!!  The place is clean, bright (not like the other ones where it's so dark inside)and the chairs were really comfortable. The people are so nice and very skilled.  Chery, (not sure if I'm spelling her name correctly)was great!  She was able to take the knot out on my shoulder that I've had for a while.  My husband was very happy with his massage too.  Angel, the owner was really nice.  She intoduced herself and asked how we liked our massage and made sure that we were happy.  After the massage, we asked if they can help us call a taxi.  Instead of calling us a taxi, Angel offered for one of her employees to drive us.  This was a total pleasant surprise.  We didn't have to wait 10 minutes for the taxi and even after giving the employee tip for driving us it was still much cheaper than a taxi.  I'm giving them 5 stars for helping us get to our next destination.  They went out of their way to help us. I will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas and will recommend to all our friends.
3	My friends were in town for the Day Spa Expo, so what do you do after checking out the Expo... go get massage(s)! After looking at reviews for a good foot massage place, we all decided to try Pure Foot & Spa. We walk in with a party of 5 and they were already full with 5 other clients. They said it will only be 5 minutes. ok. 10 minutes later, 4 other massage therapists walked in the door. We all thought it was peculiar that other people just came when called but now know there is some kind of network for these foot massage places to work together. The massage was ok. They started with the foot bath and shoulders, then to the feet and legs. The strength was good but it was so systematic and robotic. I guess I like my massages tailored to my needs instead of doing a routine. It's cheap so you get what you pay for. Would I go back...no. There are so many of these foot massage places to try but if they are in the same network, I suppose it would just be the same.
4	After countless hours wandering the casino floors....I really needed a good massage (without the happy ending).   This was my first experience getting a foot massage (and definitely not my last) and I was a little shy about it.  A tough guy getting a foot massage from another man....well, it would not go over well with my buddies. After soaking my feet in warm water and lying on their recliners, I selected a male because I wanted it to hurt...remember, no pain, no gain.   The massage started with the neck and shoulders working down my back (which I think took about 10-15 mins).    Then it was my feet and calves turn.  Oh, it hurt quite a bit....as I was a newbie to this experience but I took it like a man.   No screams came out unlike my other friends who bitched and shrieked.Overall, I felt great and energized afterwards.   I would definitely return and recommend this place to all.   Price was reasonable.  If you are happy with their service, please remember to tip well...
5	This place is such a good value. $38 for an hour of massage. Plus just mention yelp and you get 10% off!   The therapists know what they are doing and the wait is relatively short.  The only thing I wish they had is beds
4	Got off the strip based on Yelp reviews. Time and $$ well spent. Note that the "back and shoulder" part are done with your sitting up, unlike some other places which have a recliner with a hole for your face. The scalp massage was a good addition. For the price its an excellent value and inface went about 10 mins over!
5	So my brother and I came to Vegas last weekend and we decided to check out our friend's massage business as we only heard great reviews about it. I decided to get the one hour deal and after receiving the massage, it was the best I felt in a long time. The people who work there really know how to take care of you and the setting really puts you in a soothing mood right from the start. And the organic herbal tea offered before the massage - awesome stuff! Angel really knows how to run her business and I wish her nothing but success. Thank you Angel and to your employees for your awesome hospitality=)
4	Thanks Yelp for the locating this place for us! $25 for 45min and they were able to take all 5 of us girls in.. Perfect!! This was just what we needed after a night out drinking and a day drinking mimosas..It was great.. the massage put all of us to sleep and we felt so much more relaxed.. They were able to rub off all the toxins and knots from all the alcohol the night before, prepping us for the night to come.. Best $25 spent in Vegas :)
5	I love this place. Me and my friends go at least once a month. Its one of my favorite little Vegas secrets. When my mom came to down she went twice. Relaxing and cozy you always leave here in a state of zen.
4	My girlfriends and I found this place on Yelp and called up to make an appointment for the 3 of us. When we called, we asked how much it was for a session and were told $38, and asked us how we found out about them. When we said Yelp, they said that it will be $34/hour. When we got there, we were ushered into a dimly lit room with comfortable armchairs to sit in. A big wooden tub is brought out with a plastic bag lined and filled with hot water to soak our feet in. My masseuse was Anna who immediately went to work on my back and shoulders. After about 10 mins on my upper back, I felt myself relax and slump over the cushions she had placed on my lap.I've had Chinese foot massage before but they've always hurt me so badly I couldn't go about my daily duties for a few days. There was none of this here. Anna exerted enough pressure, yet, was not torturing me with pain.My friend wanted a 75 minute treatment so all 3 of us did as well. We had a good 30 minutes of back, neck and shoulder massage and then she moved onto your head, scalp and ears before doing the arms, hands and fingers. When that was finished she started working on my feet and toes. I actually fell asleep can you believe it? I've NEVER fallen asleep during one of these before.She then massaged my legs and then laid 3 ottomans together so we could lay on it face-down so she could work on my back. Throughout the treatment, I was drinking the herbal tea they had provided -- I suggest you do this because it will make you go and pee to flush out all the toxins in your body.When it was all over, I stood up and was wobbly. I lost my balance slightly because I was so relaxed. I'm going to give them 5 stars for the treatment, but am taking off a star because I didn't realize until later, they never gave us the Yelp discount. We received 15 minutes of extra treatment and were charged $48. We were told the Yelp discount would make the one hour treatment $34, so an extra 15 minutes should not cost 14 extra dollars. Still, I will return here again when we go to Vegas next and I hope Anna is still there when I return! It's so rare to find a good Chinese food massage person -- lord knows I've tried!
2	I get ALOT of foot massages.  In Las Vegas, I have my favorite places but, they close early.  Decided to try this place based on the relatively few but, good reviews.When I got here, I was rushed into a chair without any discusion about what I wanted.  Two- three minutes later, the owner came by and gave me my choice of 30 or 60 minutes.  I chose 60 and she told me the price (no yelp discount like my favorite place gives), $38.  I nodded yes and the backrub resumed.  A couple minutes later after a brief exchange in Chinese between my therapist and the owner, I was told that my back was very tight and i should really get 90 minutes (thats what I usually get anyway girls)  I nodded yes again and she told me $70 ok?  I asked her $38 for one hour but, $70 for an hour and a half?  She said yes, but I could lie down instead of sit in chair..  I said one hour is good.  Then she changed the price to $56 so I said ok.I was wondering where I was going to lie down and it was revealed to me after about an hour.  They pushed together three ottomans from the chairs and impovises a bed (better than the floor, right)  I didnt love the setup but it was late, only one other person left in the shop so ok.When I went to pay, she said $56,  I gave the girl $70 and said  thanks and she did NOT SEEM HAPPY.  Ok, usually, I tip 20 for 90 minutes but, I was underimpressed with the cleanliness of the place, the chairs had no hole to put your head in like all the other spots do,  I hated the upsell where they tried to get me for $32 for the extra half hour, I didn't like almost laying on the floor, and finally the reason for thius long reviewI don't like that my $14 tip was made to feel inadequate.  Nuff said, back to Best Foot Spa
5	My girlfriend and I were both exhausted after a long night in Vegas and wanted to be pampered.  After reading great reviews on yelp, we decided to give it a try.  I mentioned the $35 per hour yelp special and they said no problem.  Let me just say that the hour of my life spent at Pure Foot and Spa was one of the most relaxing and enjoyable of my life.  This is NOT just a foot massage.  We got a full body massage from VERY skilled hands.  They used great, even pressure and always checked in to make sure we were comfortable.  Our massage therapists were very sweet and accommodating and the surroundings were cozy and inviting.  My friend and I have both had expensive massages at places like Burke Williams, JW Marriott, and Adolph Becker but we agreed that none of them compared to this experience.  As soon as our massage was over, we were offered hot tea and told that the owner was on the phone and wanted to speak to us.  She asked if our massages had been satisfactory and if we would be coming back again.  She was so sweet.  How many business owners take the time to speak to first time customers and make sure they had a good experience, especially when they only paid $35???  Amazing!  The only thing I would change about our visit is that it would be nice if patrons had to turn off their cell phones before entering.  It was a bit distracting to have people talking on phones while getting a relaxing massage.Anyhow, I'll never take another trip to Vegas without visiting Pure Foot and Spa.
5	I go to Vegas two times a year on business and am always in need of some serious pampering by the time I finish my work week. My best friend and I found Pure Foot & Spa on yelp and I will be a loyal customer from now on! It was one of the best foot massage sessions I've ever had. We were treated by Anna and Lee. Highly recommended. Go get pampered!
5	-Excellent full body massage, and I mean excellent.-$38 for an hour?? Good luck finding anything better-All the workers, as well as the owner are very friendly.-The experience was so good myself and five others went back the next day-Peaceful, relaxing atmosphere-This place will be a spot I visit everytime I come to Vegas-Beats any over priced hotel spa massage.
4	You won't be sorry you went.  I've been thinking about a foot & back massage in China Town for a while now and finally decided it was long overdue.  I tried Pure Foot & Spa because of the positive reviews its received.  The reviews didn't steer me wrong.  Small Asian lady named "Anna" is seriously strong, and will turn you to mush with a 90 min. massage, which cost me $56 before tip.  You can do 45 minutes for $28, which is ridiculously fair.  Expect your feet to be soaked in hot water while she rubs down your shoulders, neck, head, face, and arms.  Later she'll take care of your feet, calves, and legs.  She really gets in deep on the back and will get rid of those knots.  There are comfortable chairs with clean linens, limitless hot tea, candies, television, soothing oriental music, and dim lights.  The only Cons I can think of is, communication may be limited due to very little English, and your massage is not in a private room, its in a large open room with other chairs and patrons - however you likely won't be concerned with them & this is a fully clothed massage so it doesn't really matter.  If you want a legitimate quality rub down for a great price, this is the spot to visit.Solid 4 out of 5
2	Pure charged us $25 for half an hour, when every other foot massage place in Vegas charges $19.The therapists are good here, but not that good.Good foot, or Best foot are just as good, and they give Yelp discounts.By the way, it was Friday night at 9:30 and we were the only people in the place....Hmmm I wonder why?Could it be that they're CHARGING TOO MUCH!
3	Friendly people, but not so good massage. We were expecting an hour of massaging, but we only got 30min and the rest just soaking in water- detox. The good part is them working hours- the latest appointment is 10:30pm.
1	Firstly this shouldn't even be 1 star! My bf and I both went in together, it's a 1 room fully clothed massage parlor. The lady quoted me $38/hr for full body on the phone and tried to say $60/hr when we got there. We had to sit on a foot rest and have the crap beat out of our back for more than half the massage! The guy doing my back kept coughing on me and checking his phone every 10 minutes...unsanitary and unprofessional! Once the agony came to an end which was signaled by hard slaps on our back they changed a $2 credit card fee and made a big deal out of the tip amount by asking 4 times! We will never go there again!
4	I have been practicing massage for over 12 years so I am very picky about what I get.  I was working at WSOP for 6-7 weeks and so I would stop in to get these cheapie massages just so my body could function giving other people massages.  After being disappointed a few times, I found Pure Foot n Spa and was pleasantly surprised.  2 Chinese male guys massaged my boyfriend and I.  He really liked his too.  Only thing was that I thought we would get a discount but they said we needed to talk to the owner beforehand to get the discount.  It wasn't a big deal since it was a great price anyway.
5	I went to convention  in Las Vegas ,after work , I had a best reflexology at Pure Foot & Spa. :) The lady applied heavy pressure, just what I needed after a long hard work week. Also feet will soaked in warm herb water in the beginning that felt very relaxing. it's very clean, professional and friendly. Remember to get stamps 10 times one free. highly recommended!!! I will be back here soon.
5	Bruce is the best !!  Strong  pressure and got on the right spot. I been to many foot massage place in Vegas.  This is the best in  city.
3	It has been a while since I have been here. This use to be one of my top fav foot spas. I only came here for the one lady who use to work on me.I wish I remembered her name, but she did not speak a lick of English.  She is seriously the best Ever! There are too many bad experiences here and that is why I go to a different place. I have been here many many times. My mom introduced me and I was hooked. At first. I believe they have 3 or 4 locations and I have been to 2. The one on spring mountain is the one I use to go to.Let me start....The place is very clean and everyone seems to be nice. I wish they had a least one person who could speak or understand english. It is very hard to communicate. The only one who speaks and understands well is the owner.  So there has been several times I was getting worked onand  the owner calls. It is loud and they seem to be arguing or disagreeing on something. This particular incident I'm about to share has happened to me 3  times! When the lady was working on me and the owner kept calling. Like nonstop. They would share a few words. seem to be arguing and then hang up. I could literally hear the owner yell in the language they were speaking. Half way through my massage, some  other person(my guess, a friend of the owner) would walk in and they would tell me some other person is going to finish up on me and she would start working on them. It is always someone different, but I think that is rude. There was even a time when the person working on me put me on the phone and told me to say no. Then the owner asked if I could get someone else. I said no. She insisted, but I refused. She finally said ok. Then the person working on me thanked me. What kind of business is being run here? You just don't do that to customers. Unfortunately, that did it for me. Don't get me wrong I love what these people can do for me, but I find the owner to be very unprofessional. There has been too many interruptions for me to return.
1	Last week 7 of us went,found this on Yelps ,regrets never read the review clearly,        Rating NO STAR  Service LOUSY,NO EXPERIENCE
1	If you're from out of town, don't be tempted by the deals you find online. This was over a $20 cab ride from the strip. The massage was okay but it was so dark and weird in this place that we couldn't wait to get out of there.
1	Went there today and the place was horrible. It was clean and looked ok but the service was horrible. I sat down for my hour foot, shoulder and neck massage and it started out nice for the first 5 minutes. Then my massager got a phone call which he answered which was fine had he made it short or left to take the call. However he went on to have an argument with the lady on the phone yelling at her and trying to massage me with one hand. This went on for about 5 minutes after which my husband and I decided to get up and leave. The massage itself might have been ok but it's meant to be a relaxing experience and I left feeling worse than what I went in feeling. If I could give it a zero star review I would.
1	One star only. I should have read the reviews prior to deciding to go there. Walked in, was a bit surprised at how "hole in the wall" the place looked. Considering the price, I figured why not? I asked if they do full body massages, they said yes. Had two full bodies for a male friend and i. I was a bit shocked that the male attended to me while the female attended to my male friend. The service was not as great as other places i've visited before. Long story short, it was okay. Beside the fact that they had to keep calling in other workers because more customers were arriving, they had the nerve to ask for more tip. I definitely would not be going there again. Thumbs down!
1	WORST MASSAGE OF MY LIFE! I literally left in tears, it was so painful. Yelp reviews are way wrong. Ended up paying $76 for two massages. Total of $100. I gave them a $100 bill and they look confused when I asked them for change. I asked the guy to be more gentle about 5 times and he did not listen. Go to the other places around this area, they are 10-20/hr. What a waste of $100 and now I probably need to see a chiropractor to fix my back because of these people.  So I just said F* this place and walked out. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!!!
