5	Our neighbor used this company to install gas to their new stove top and raved about how great the guy was.  When our basement flooded, I got their name and number and gave them a call.  The plumber they sent was Houston Jensen.  He showed up right away, opened up the sump and showed me how it worked and then suggested a new pump.  He gave me a price for the pump plus labor. He even told me the make of the pump and said he would buy it from his supplier or let me buy it online if I wanted to search for a lower price.  He only charged us $135 to install it even though it took him a couple of hours plus the two trips (1 trip to check out the job and another to do the work).  If you need a plumber, Houston's your guy. Fast, friendly, and super reasonable.
5	Fantastic team. Fast service, very communicative and professional.
1	The plumber I had to work with was extremely unreliable. Several times this person has stood me up and wasted my time. The plumber I was passed off to call is not good at getting back to me at all, even after I call several times. It's sad this company had to lose so much money because of a lack of care for my business and for the unreliability of it's employees.
1	I had two outside valves leaking last year and called Mesa Plumbing in the morning. Two guys showed up early in the afternoon and replaced both in about fifteen minutes. Cost was $300.00+....gave me a discount for being a retired military vet...$265.00. Too expensive for my blood...won't use again.
5	I have used Mesa Plumbing for over 20 years. I do property management of HOAs and I can't even think of how many times they have helped me out of a bad issue. Have alway been fair in there prices and win most all of large projects bids. Frank is the best plumber I've seen in the valley.
5	It can't get better than this--a very honest company, does fantastic work, available week days and weekends, totally professional, cost is totally reasonable.  I will not use any other plumbing company.  If you need a plumber, you should ONLY use this plumbing company.Today is Sunday and my toilet line burst; what a mess!  Paul was here within 30 minutes, fixed the problem toilet and changed the other one, got me in contact with the water damage folks, all for a really reasonable cost on an emergency job.
