5	My husband and I spoke to Tom, and he took care of us. We didn't buy a car from him, yet. He was so unbelievably honest with us about the truck we wanted to test drive, and about our credit and what he could do for us. No bs from him. When the time is right, we will be buying our vehicles from him. If you want a straight shooter, go see Tom.
1	DO NOT BUY A CAR HERE. I dealt with tom and i was extremely close to buying a car from his lot. someone that knew of the car connection warned me that they have a very sketchy operation going on so i had the car taken down to a mechanic. the mechanic looked at it and told me to not buy the car. Please if you ever want to buy a car from there, get it checked out...or just go somewhere else. this mistake cost me $500 because i put a $500 deposite down before i got the car checked by a mechanic. i guess you just cant trust ANYONE anymore.
5	I just bought a car from Tom. I drove all the way from LA. The car was exactly was described. Price was just right. There was no hard sell here. They were great. I recommend them!
1	my husband and I bought a car there and it was a nightmare! They sold it as a low miles good running car it was a lemon. we had it back several times and always excuses. It finally blew up for good less than 6 months after we bought it. They are dishonest to the point of they super glued the glove box handle back on and tried to cover up the smell saying windows were open to let it dry after shampooing. It wasn't shampooed yet the other guy told me that. Ridiculous! They are crooks...Watch out!!
5	Very happy with the purchase of a 2002 dually. They make sure things are right and that you are happy
5	I traveled to Mesa, AZ back in August just because I wanted to, I saw some of my favorite bands, including Lamb of God. So I went here to get a car obviously and they were very nice and I was in and out of there in less than an hour with a brand new hottie of a car! Prices are good and I spoke with Tom. Excellent service!
