4	This is a really nice, classy little seafood joint. The bar area is huge, and has alot of seat yourself tables. So you could probably just walk in any time. The dining room is very nice and the food was great. Its a mainly seafood menu, with an emphasis on fish. There are about 8 different types of fish to choose from and several different sauces, and ways to prepare them. The appetizers were all very good too.  The fish portions were also very large. I dont think anyone in my party actually finished what they ordered. I had the Hawaiian sailfish with bacon and gorgozola cheese, and it was very tasty. It was off the specials menu, so might not be around anymore, but the standard menu looked very good too.  I liked it and will go back next time I'm in the mood for (cooked) Fish...best I have found in the Green Valley area.
4	There is not a lot of good seafood restaurants in the  Henderson desert so it is great that Bonefish Grill is now on line.  While I am anti chain restaurants; I have had good  dining experiences at this restaurant.  A martini, bang bang shirmp and a fresh fish entree is a good start.  If you have room close with the key lime pie.  Located on the southern end of  Eastern Avenue, I like Bonefish better than Sweet Water Prime Seafood which is located on Eastern Avenue near the 215 .  The atmosphere is relaxed and service is adequate. In addition to the dining room, Bonefish has a sizeable bar area with tables.  Bonefish Grill is a good catch if you are looking for seafood in the south part of the valley.
4	i've only eaten at bonefish once, but i enjoyed it.  the food was great and so was the service.  i think i ordered tilapia...or some other white fish.  but it was tender and delicious.
4	Bonefish grill is a perfect place to go for a drink and some really good food.  The booths are comfy and the lighting is dampened but not too dark.  They offer a good variety of wines and mixed drinks as well as beers.The salads are fresh and have a great citrusy dressing.  The calamari and shrimp appetizers are really big and so good!  The grilled fish is fresh and comes with your choice of sauces (I stick with the traditional lemon butter).  And even though the restaurant caters to seafood lovers, it offers a good variety of non-fishy options including steaks, chicken, and pasta.  Everything I've tried has been excellent.  The best part: the creme brulee and key lime pie.  Really, same some room because both desserts are incredible!
4	Tuesday night romance:- ALL bottled wine half price- Mussels Josephine- Bang Bang ShrimpYum, yum...
4	Met some retiree friends from San Jose who now live in this area.  My Henderson friends recommended this place.  Now, I do, too.We did not get our Peachy Canyon zin (not being stocked), but had another okay zin instead.  But the food was delicious.  Instead of dinner, I had several starters: corn chowder with lump crab, crab cakes, and calamari.  Next time, I'll have a salad instead of the crab cakes, which were delicious (and hot with its pepper sauce) - I was forced to eat all of it.  I only had a little space left for dessert - an ooh-so-good strawberry shortcake.I tasted the salmon (very good and flakey).  My friends' filet and trout looked scrumptious  . . . ah, next time, as I will go back.Loved the ambience.  Bar on the right as you enter looked inviting; didn't have a chance to try it this time.
5	Fantastic seafood with classic plates that have a modern twist to them. Spicy Asian Calamari and the "Bang Bang" Shrimp apps are great. MacNut brownie and Key Lime pie are up to par as well. Prices are fantastic as well as the ambiance.
5	Amazing Food!!!!  I'm tellin you - get the Bang Bang Shrimp, it's awesome.  The food is really great quality here, with very special tastes.  From steak and chicken to the seafood, any and all the appetizers - it's just fantastic.  The service is wonderful, and the atmosphere is very inviting with warm colors and lighting.
3	I was hoping to find something tastier than a Chili's-esque seafood place. Unfortunately it was everything I feared - a boring chain with nothing special to offer. Drinks: Do NOT fall for the $5 drink "specials". We tried a pineapple drink and a sangria. Pineapple drink was fizzy water + pineapple juice (no booze in sight!), and the sangria was half sprite. YES they put f-ing sprite in a red sangria. UGHAppetizers: Coconut shrimp were just ok. The ones at TommY Bahama's are about 1000x better. Bacon wrapped scallops were covered in the most disgusting mango sauce I've ever tasted. I love mango, but this had a bizarre horseradish flavor. Fish: The sea bass we had was just ok. Nothing special. Au Gratin potatoes were bad, green beans.. I mean ok, yeah, they didn't screw those up. Service - one of the most annoying "rehearsed" car salesmen-esque waiters I've encountered in awhile.
4	Bang Bang Shrimp = YUMMY in my tummy!!  Great as an appetizer and even better as Bang Bang Tacos- with their home style chips!!!  Not sure if they're still running the $5 special on Wednesday nights, but definitely worth the price regardless of the special.  Fish entree Eric had was delicious, I forgot what it was, something with a cream sauce, sausage, spinach...Every time we dine there, they are consistent in their level of service.  Super nice, attentive, and friendly. Restaurant is always clean. Decore is great, with dark woods, a yellowish glow of lights that make the ambiance relaxing and private.we go there for Bang Bang about once a month :o)
4	A sad day when this restaurant closed...where do I go for my bang bang shrimp fix?
4	Yay!  The return of Bonefish Grill to LV/NV on March 18th at its new location:6527 Las Vegas Blvd. South Las Vegas, NV 89119Phone: (702) 277-9876
