4	Ken's is a very wisconsin-y joint that feels like the northwoods, not the suburbs of Madison.  The place is a butcher+bakery mated with a quickie mart and offers a concise lesson of wisconsin food products.  They carry (just about) every flavor of babcock ice cream, fresh curds, fresh baked berry pies, famous daves bbq sauce, ....  They also have a very-loaded meat counter with their own (amazing) Sheboygan Brats and cheesewursts.    Meat prices are very reasonable.I stumbled in one day looking for ham. I left with ham, and brats, and berry pie, and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all.
5	If you love steak, you'll love Ken's.  I take that back.  If you love meat PERIOD, you'll love Ken's.  They have the best steaks ever, and the chicken breasts are huge.  Their brats are really good, as are the rubbed pork grillers.They have a variety of other picnic staples like potato salads and macaroni salads and some produce.  Then, add to all that, they have a convenience store attached so you can buy some pop or beer or whatever.My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better.
5	Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day, stopped there to see if they have anything quick to eat. Fresh sandwiches were great....made the way we wanted. The place was clean and very friendly. Too bad,found it after I no longer live on that side of town.
4	Friendly local market with a fantastic selection of fresh meat, salads, and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies, very good.
5	Burgundy Pepper Steak. Get one of these and you will understand why 5 stars isn't nearly enough! So good!
2	Overall I was unimpressed.   Nothing really that exciting here.   I am looking elsewhere.  For those who are concerned about where their meat comes from you should be aware that their chicken is inexpensive but it is from Gold n Plump and Purdue.   I don't know where their beef is from.The shop is nice but much smaller than I expected.  About half being a regular convenience store.   The meats are nicely displayed and they are well staffed.
5	Ken's is great. We rarely have ever got bad meat here - and we've been to Ken's at least once a week for almost 15 years. Virtually all the steaks are great. People really like the Burgundy Pepper Steaks. The Rib Eyes and NY Strips are my favorites. The Sheboygan brats are fabulous. The ribs are great too - nice and meaty. When my family does burgers we always get their sirloin burgers. Really tasty.The staff is often younger people - but they are very nice and well trained. The only downside would be is that it's pretty expensive - especially the non-meat products. I only get the non-meat things if I really need something and want to save a trip to the regular grocery store (but this is typical of mini-mart type places).Beware - on nice days they will go through some things early. Don't wait until the last minute. They do let you call and make orders, which is nice if you want to guarantee something will be in.A wonderful place. Highly recommend.
4	good food but am confused why only sell hot food until 2pm. nice location.
4	Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products, but the staff are friendly and they have a good variety of products. It is easy in and out, which makes it worth the stop.
2	They really deserve a 2.49 so I rounded down.  If you're not concerned with a local business buying from UW Provisions instead of local farmers, I will admit Ken's is very popular and they keep a nice fresh case of meat albeit with limited selection. However, I'd be a little frightened to see one of the chickens from whence came their boneless breasts.  One half weighs three quarters of a pound, which worries me a little. Look, I buy from them, I wish they'd become an actual BUTCHER SHOP vs a MEAT MARKET, and while the high school kids who work there are nice, they're not going to butterfly a whole chicken for you so hope one of the managers or the owner is there, or answer a question about just how long that cut of steak should live over coals.  And I admit my biggest pet complaint is that I have requested some kind of ground poultry (eg turkey) be carried fresh.  I don't think that's unreasonable in 2013.  The owner responded to my request with a simple "no."  Ok.  I still shop there for some things, so clearly it's not a deal-breaker.  Not my shop, but I would bet heavily that a freshly ground turkey or chicken would move.  Just saying.I'll end on a high note.  They have great steaks, great beef and pork all around,  Try a pork griller over live goals, indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific, too.  And the chuck makes a damn fine burger.  Oh, bonus, they carry a tempting selection of sweet treats, including chocolates, bakery, etc.
4	They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese, but whatever.  Their Chicken Salad and assorted potato salads are awesome...always fresh, always great.  Other than the deli/meat sections, its a typical small convenience store with higher than needed prices.  Go there for the meats and deli items, buy your other items elsewhere.
4	I stopped here after a friend recommended the place for steaks. Impressive selection! There were several cuts that are pre-marinated. The prices were extremely cheap compared to other places such as Metcalfs.To compare, I spent almost $60 on steaks for 6 people and bought the same amount of meat here at Ken's for $20...and they were marinated. I tried the burgandy peppercorn steaks...WOW!! These guys melt in your mouth!Usually leftovers steaks are tough but after several days in the fridge, the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!
2	Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either.
5	The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.
5	We moved into our Monona neighborhood over a year ago and ever since that day, Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads, pickled veggies, pies, wine, and other need-to-haves so you don't have to waste time running to large grocery stores for last-minute items.  New to Ken's?  Try one of their delicious pinwheels, or my favorite--burgundy and black pepper steak.
5	I stop here for the meats and fresh made sandwiches. It is a convenience store with a very nice meat case. There are reviews on here complaining that they don't have an actual butcher shop. There are not that many around anymore so deal with it or butcher your own. Burgundy Pepper Steaks are marvelous. I tried to marinate my own, but have not been able to match these. Reasonable prices.
5	Every single thing is delicious here. I go here for my monthly freshly made deli sandwich for lunch. I almost always get the honey ham and Swiss on a croissant with green leaf lettuce, fresh, red, thinly sliced tomatoes and perfect mayo. Their pre-made salads and sandwiches are creative and fresh too. Great breads, fresh cheeses, oh and Babcock Hall ice cream!!
