4	My father-in-law usually does all my framing.  But he lives far away and does not trust UPS, Fedex, postal service, etc. so he won't ship anything.  I have to go pick it up.  And usually he frames large, so it involves driving.Just after I drove back from San Francisco (a pain in the ass drive) to visit and pick up a bunch of framing, I got something unexpected in the mail that I wanted framed ASAP.  I've lived by The Great Frame Up for six years and understood what it was (it's not an art gallery, Yelp) but never stopped by.  Ok, that's enough background information.Anyway, I stopped in to get this thing framed but I was kind of nervous.  Would they do a good job?  The staff was really nice as I fumbled through what I wanted.  But even after leaving, I was actually physically nervous... would it turn out ok?  I think I may have had a couple of nightmares about it.When they called to say the framing was ready, I went to pick it up and I must have amused the guy because I actually did a little happy dance when I saw it.  Terrific job!  Pretty much the same quality as father-in-law's framing.  Pretty reasonable pricing, too.Super nice staff, really helpful with good suggestions.  They are willing to work within your price range.  Great place if you need something special put in a quality frame.
5	I recently purchased two very cool etchings that I wanted to have nicely framed, but I didn't know where to go. Unfortunately I had just used a well know framer in town for another piece, but was disappointed in the service I recieved. So I decided to try the Great Frame Up.As you can see from my rating, this will be my new source for framing!  I was assisted by Brittney, the most patient, friendly, and professional Individual you would ever want to work with!  She took an obvious genuine interest in making sure we selected the perfect frame. She listened honestly to my concerns and needs, and offered several solutions until we found the one that worked!  With their huge selection of frames, finding the right one took time, and you need someone to have patience and understanding, and good suggestions, too! Brittney did all of that and more.  The framing looks fantastic!Thanks again for your 5 star products and services! Anyone who needs something special framed to perfection has found the right place here!See you again, and thank you so much!!
1	I'm finally getting a chance to write a review after several years...was just too busy prior, but always made a mental note to write one.  I had a shadow box completed for my husband in 2012; let's just say it was to honor him in the line of duty, so it was very special for me to have this done.  I planned on giving it to him at his surprise birthday to honor him in front of friends & family, which he so deserved.  I picked out the matte colors, provided everything I wanted in the box, along with a very clear explanation of what I wanted.  The lady called me to come into the store a few weeks later to approve her design & I was not impressed.  It was not at all what I explained to her, so I kindly rearranged the items of how I wanted them and told her what items I wanted double matted, etc.  She appeared to have a very clear understanding of what I wanted, so I left feeling pretty confident it would turn out great.  The lady called me in a second time to approve her design & again, it was not at all what I wanted.  This time I wrote down clear and concise directions & even drew a picture (ie.  medals double matted, certificate placed in a specific area, uniform positioned in a certain way).  As I was telling her, again, what I wanted, she continuously told me, 'that's a great idea! wow, that's creative...that's great!' (etc).  I left the store feeling a little uneasy because I needed the shadow box done in less than 2 weeks to have ready for the party.  The lady said she would do it just as I described & there would be no need to approve it becasue it would match what I drew out.So I was called a week and a half later to pick up the shadow box & I was so disappointed.  The medals were not double matted; they were simply hanging on the frame protruding out from under the uniform.  The uniform was attached in a weird and unflattering way (about three weeks later, the pants fell to the bottom of the frame) & the top engraved plate was crooked.  Nothing was uniform or harmonious in the shadow box...it just looked messy.  I was so frustrated of not getting what I wanted & just took the item anyway 1.) because I needed it for the party, so something was better than nothing & 2.) in my mind, I had already explained to the lady several times & even drew a picture & she was still not getting it....so I basically gave up, considering she was suppose to be the expert.I ended up paying over $1,000 for this shadow box...even my husband was giving advice of how it should look after I gave it to him.  I was extremely disappointed.  So, I had the frame redone by another company, and yes, I had to pay them to fix it, which is what reminded me to write this review.  When I brought in the shadow box to be fixed, the look on the guy's face was priceless...he couldn't believe I paid that much money for it & was even more surprised I accepted the product.  Since it has been redone, it is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL.  omg!!!So, I would do your research & rethink using this business.  Maybe it was an isolated incident with this individual employee...I don't know, but I was extremely disappointed.
