1	Do NOT buy a Green Street Realty house that they are flipping!   It may look nice on the surface, but it is poorly constructed using below standard materials. We have already had to buy all new appliances, several light fixtures and kitchen faucet. We have had to use our home warranty 4 times in the first 2 months...3 of them for the a/c unit. After several phone calls to the General Contractor, he did admit it wasn't his best work and has taken care of poor drywall work, replaced door trim and repainted much of the interior. Specialty Builders did the work and they are VERY sloppy and lack serious attention to detail. BUYER BEWARE!!
1	Buyer beware: As previous reviewer stated, Green Street is flipping houses. We purchased a remodeled Green Street home and are dealing with significant issues -- plumbing, HVAC, and poor overall build quality. Our home inspector found many of the problems prior to closing, which were negotiated, but other problems were discovered immediately after move-in. Superficially a very nice remodel. But lack of consideration for next homeowner, along with poor quality control is evident all over -- much of it beneath the surface. We have not found Green Street easy to deal with during any phase of the process, and cannot recommend doing business with them.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND Green Street Realty, they bent over backwards to get my home show ready, we received multiple offers and Green Street was able to sell my home quickly and for slightly above full listing price! My family and I couldn't be more impressed with their (in particular Brian North's) responsiveness and professionalism. I recommend Green Street to anyone looking to sell their home in Phoenix.
1	Derek, while I cannot agree with your "above and beyond" claim, I can confirm that we have come to a satisfactory resolution with Green Street.
3	An update to my original post....after reading my initial review, Marc and his team at Green Street definitely made the effort to "right the ship".  They were responsive and made sure that the issues I had were resolved.  After a few months, we finally came to an agreement on the entire A/C unit needing to be replaced (by a different vendor than the original installer) and that was taken care of last month.
1	Would not recommend. Bought in July and still have major unresolved issues with landscaping, HVAC, cracks, pool equipment, fixes recommended from inspection, etc. 3 months later. It has been a real disappointment after investing our life savings. The 2 year builder warranty they sold us on does not exist..no documentation and none has been provided after several requests. As a buyer you have no idea who to bring your request to as there are no processes in place. It's a 4 year old company after all. The project manager is a glorified baby sitter with no authority. The owners Marc Nassos and Derek Jarr are not involved unless you comment publicly as I've noticed. On top of that the actual "Green Street" company is made up of 4-6 shell companies. You actually sign an agreement with Arizona Community Ventures Inc, but it is built by Green Street. No one takes charge to get things done.As it stands we are left with having to pursue the registrar of contractors and litigation to get what we paid for. It's unfortunate. I think the designs are nice, layouts are good but there are plenty of good quality builders in the Arcadia, central Phoenix area. They definitely use cheap labor, it's evident in the quality of anything outside of their core competency. I would urge anyone to consider who built your house, their history, quality and after sale warranty work before buying.
