3	We got to stay here for free, courtesy of some benefactors :-pPros: The place was clean, nothing fancy, a good place to spend the night, they have good size pool and a tiny gym on the 2nd floor. Close to the strip. Across from Ross, Walgreens and Denny's.Cons: The people at the front desk weren't friendly. No greetings, no smiles, nothing. Like they are there but not really. We were there for 4 days and I never saw the concierge desk open once. And the airconditioning could only go down to 68 - and it was truly uncomfortable and most time even hot in the room. If you are from the Bay Area - 50s is the way to go. Overall it's not that bad. Could be better and definitely need improvements.
3	I'll second that this place was clean, and also that people at the front desk weren't friendly.  The bar was the place to be.  We didn't really patronize it - just waited for some people there (their instructions, not ours).  And waited, and waited, and waited.  So the bar staff were very nice.  And there aren't a lot of people there.  Or in this part of town.  But it is clean.
3	This place looks broke down from the outside.  The building looks old with the original paint (baby blue).  Surprisingly, it appears that the inside of the place has been upgraded.  The room was clean and quite comfortable.  Don't eat at the cafe located in the lobby.  My fiance and I ordered the New York steak special.  The steak was cold and pale in color.  I tasted a small piece of my steak and thought it may have been road kill or something.  It tasted quite "gamey".  We informed our waiter and the manager came to our table and was quite rude to us.  He became offensive and stated that they cut their own steaks and didn't know how the steak could taste gamey.  He then picked up our plates and said he would fix it.  We didn't bother to find out how he intended to "fix" our steaks.  We left.  By the way, the name of this "Royal Resort" is misleading.  Motel 6 is larger than this particular resort.
3	I had recently stayed here for three nights while attending a trade show at the Convention center. Yes it is close to the Center but it is not close to anything else. It is a long walk to any of the major hotels and casinos or a short cab ride. The place is clean and affordable and the front desk was actually friendly and helpful. The bartender was very nice. If you don't mind being away from the excitement of the strip and you don't want to pay a lot this is the place to go.
1	I had booked my room for 1 night stay in Royal Resort Las Vegas on 4/24, and requested 1 KingBed Non Smoking room for me and bf in advance. When we arrived there, it felt like a motel, staff were ok, but when he gave us room#, he told us he didnt' have anymore King size bedroom!!!!!!!!!!!! WTH!!! I requested for 1 king bedroom in advance,how am i supposed to do with 2 double beds with my bf? If the staff was nicer and had appologize to me, we would be fine cuz things happen, but he didn not applogize or upgrade our room, NOTHING! sounds like it's my fault for not getting the 1 King bedroom i wanted.. bad smell when we walked out of the elevator, the carpet was old and dirty, the room was okay, but the bathtub was just not clean, and bathroom was not bright enough. bad experience with thier unroyal customer service! it was because they had the cheapest weekend rate when i searched.. otherwise, NO WAY!
3	The outside was very outdated and scary looking when I first arrived, but when I went inside, it was much better. The rooms were clean, but nothing fancy. There were 2 bathrooms per suite which was nice for us girls who were there for a bachelorette party. It also had a free fitness center (2 treadmills, 1 bike, 1 elliptical, 1 weight machine, 2 TVs), and it was only a 10 minute walk to the mall and the main part of the strip like the Encore and Wynn hotel.It's adjacent to Ross, Walgreens, and a liquor store.
1	I wish I could give a big 0 .I totally agree with Ivy k. we got a deal with TIMESHARE and we regreted every second of it and in fact it is not only 90 minutes!!!very shitty place. now that i know about this place. if one time there is no place in vegas to stay , and this is the only hotel, I rather staying on the streets than this place. very bad customer service at the register. she kept saying shit , I made a mistake , shit , this doesn't work, shit my computer crashed...The matress was dirty , there was a make up mark on the matress and they never changed it . NO ROOM SERVICE!!!Tv was so wacky and noisy.Ac sound like a tractor and the room was very cold .we stayed in room 408 and couldn't sleep because of the loud music downstairs.I will never ever go back to this place even for FREE... it is very tricky, it has a very nice looking lobby but in fact its really ugly and very old . also very far from the other hotels and casinos , instead of driving everywhere or taking a cab ( because of the distance) you can just get a better hotel , walk everywhere and enjoy .
2	Place was ok not the greatest. It's far from the strip. about a 20 minute walk.You have to pay for Wi-Fi, and it's NOT cheap!!the room was good. nothing fancy. I asked for the fitness center and they told me they didn't have one.there was only 1 receptionist helping people with 6 people in line.I would stay there again but only if it is free.
3	Looks like I'm the first local the review this place. I'll have a different perspective since I didn't stay in the hotel. I just stayed in the lobby to see a band perform. So the lobby was really nice. When you first enter from the main entrance, there's a pool table in the foyer. To the left is registration, to the right is a shuffleboard table and the bar, then the Den. I asked the front desk if the pool table was open for people to play and he said yeah, we just have to ask the bar for sticks and balls. The table is NOT coin operated, so just have at it. I didn't ask the bar, but there's prolly a rental fee. The place was surprisingly cool. I was expecting the Aruba Hotel & Spa. The decor is neat, kind of an updated Baroque. Like, they'll have these old candelabras but they're painted completely matte black. The den could accomodate about 20 comfortably and then another 20 around the bar. But there's a lot of open space, it's not cramped. We paid $18 before tip for two drinks. I didn't see the rooms, but I checked out the website. Rooms are about $70 per night, which I think is pretty decent. Even if the accommodations aren't that posh, you're still super close to the Strip (six walking minutes to the Wynn) and downtown is about a 10-minute drive North. The place does timeshares, too, if that tells you anything.
3	We were surprised the second we walked in. Great design inside. Friendly enough staff and it gives that classic "hotel bar" feeling you used to get at The Artisan. The staff was nice enough, meaning we didn't feel ignored. Didn't get a chance to look at the rooms, but as far as the bar goes, we'll be back.
1	Me a few friends stayed here for Memorial Day weekend.  A good thing here is that it is close to the strip.  That's about it.Upon check-in and entering our room we were shocked to see that the housekeepers did not fully clean the bathroom.  There were toilet papers on the floor and used hand towels on the rack.  Also, the complimentary handsoap+shampoo wasn't even there.  Basically, it was gross. There were no other rooms available so we had to stay there for the night. The second night, we needed a bigger room with more beds.  OK, the front desk sends us to a room, and it ALSO HASN'T BEEN fully cleaned for guests.  We go down again to explain and get another room.  We go back up the elevator again to find that our room had a single bed when we needed two, in summary, they sent us to the wrong room!!!  How can they not know what kind of room they are sending us too?   OK, so we go down again to get another room and guess what?  It's still dirty!   I don't mean dust, I mean used packaging on the floor and a bathroom with unclean towels. That's four strikes. WTF.  On the checkout - one us asked for a discount for all the crap we had to go thru (even a Motel 8 is run better than this place).  The response from the front counter was "To make a long story short, no." I'm not kidding, those were the actual words they said to us.Will we every stay at this place again? To make a long story short, FUCK NO, I'd rather go to a Motel 8 or sleep inside my car in a random parking lot.   This place makes me feel sick.  We paid second rate prices for a third rate hotel, so we got cheated.
3	I have no idea what the rooms look like, but knowing this building has been around quite a while it all you need to know.The outside looks nice enough, good parking, easy in and out.The lobby was nice, everything looked clean. Pool table and shuffle board games available to play. The lobby bar is small but nice. The dance area is also small. Bathroom was clean and everything worked well.What I had seen it's a cool little place, with a bit of old school appeal. If I ever get the opportunity to go back I will.
4	This place is not bad AT ALL. No it isn't one of the big hotels on the strip but it's perfectly decent. I stayed here with a friend for 4 nights for the electric daisy carnival in June, her dad has a timeshare so we got the room for cheap, $70 a night cheap. The lobby was decorated nicely, cute and modern. The room was clean and had a mini fridge and microwave. The staff were all nice as well. And the hotel was quiet enough for us to sleep until around 5pm. My only complaint about the room would be that there was virtually no counter space in the bathroom, not good with 2 girls trying to do their makeup..so we just set up the ironing board in front of the mirror in the room to get ready, but the light in there wasn't very good, oh well we survived. I also noticed that they were playing music by the pool, good music, although we never went to check it out. I would definitely stay here again, I'm not sure how so many other reviewers had such terrible experiences..
2	Did a trade for a timeshare week.....HUGE MISTAKE!!!!!  They Claim these are Suites.... not even close.  Can you say False Advertizing.. ?? Tiny rooms but clean... Maybe one step up from MOtel 6 as far as conditono of the rooms.... but... their daily rates are higher than Motel 6..  $4.95 per hour for Wi Fi.
1	I previously stood at this hotel about 5 years ago and had a very pleasant experience. I loved being a couple mins away from the strip, so that when i returned to my hotel i could have some piece and quiet. HOWEVER my stay recently was a hell storm of rude workers, LOUD party music that went on ALL weekend, and HORRIBLE maid service. 1 - this hotel constantly throws parties poolside and NEVER tells the guest. (I couldn't use the pool, and there was OVERLY LOUD music ALL NIGHT right outside my window.) 2 - The service here is POOR, the staff is rude, and there is NO MAID service! 3 - You get what you pay for. With as many Hotel choice as you do in Vegas you shouldn't have to stay at such a crap MOTEL. Also there is NO internet in the rooms, you can't even pay for it. If you have a Mac Laptop their Lobby internet isn't compatible for some reason. Such a disappointment!
3	My mom got to use her Groupon deal here, so I can't complain too much. We had a really big problem with water here, it never seemed to come out consistently hot and mostly luke warm. Secondly, if you are staying here for a Friday-Friday stay, they only do one major cleaning (Tuesday) where they empty the trash, new linens, etc. The plus side however is that there is a fridge, unstocked so you can actually put stuff in there, as well as a microwave which we found to be really handy. Things to keep in mind: it gets really loud. We stayed on the second floor and until 2 or 3am there were people blasting music downstairs. Yes, we are in Vegas but not EVERYBODY is out all night.It's not overly convenient nor overly inconvenient. It's about a 5-7 minute walk over to Encore or Fashion Show.It is much nicer than it looks on the outside. There are new carpets in the room and the lobby is actually pretty modern! I'm not sure what the actual daily rate is here, but its worth it if you aren't looking to stay on the strip. P.S. no wifi!! :(
4	I stayed here 4 days and 3 nights. I think weekdays the price is around $40 a night and weekends is around $70. That's a big difference. It doesn't have that much activity available. There isn't a casino in the hotel but there is a pool. It's a pretty small hotel. But I thought it was pretty nice. The room was pretty big with 2 queen beds depending on if you chose 2 queen beds or 1 king bed. It was pretty clean. They do maid service daily...and when we left tips for them, they didn't take it. Depending on who works in the front desk, some of them were really nice. There was just one I encounter that seemed very rude and  unhelpful. It's not that far from the strip and other casinos. It's walk-able distance. It's not bad considering the price and area.
5	Me and my boyfriend found this hotel on vegas.com. We stayed here for my 30th Bday in Sept 2011. Anyway, this place was very affordable which was great for our pockets!! I was amazed by the lobby, it was in modern decor and had a grand piano in the center. The first day we came they had some kind of a beer fest and was passing out free beer. What a nice welcoming!!.lol Our room was nice and nothing fancy but decent with a balcony!!!!  When your in Vegas who stays in the room anyway??  We were always out and about enjoying the strip etc.. The staff was friendly and when we had a plumbing issue their was someone immediately available :)  we would diffinately stay here again!!  I would recommend this hotel to family and friends, reasonable stay plus more money in your pockets to drink and hit the clubs!! :)
4	Stayed here for a week. Room service is fast and very friendly. They are always having some type of event in the lobby and pool area during the weekends.
2	My bf and I stayed here for two nights.I know that I can be a little picky when it comes to hotel accommodations. I don't ask for much, though. A clean room, good amenities, efficient service... The Royal Resort has positives- the room was modern and clean. We had a refrigerator (but no microwave), and other essentials. Parking is free.The negatives- no free WIFI. It is available at an additional charge of $10/ day. That sucked. But what really ticked me off was the noise. They had work going on outdoors in the rear of the hotel. And the work trucks were very, very loud. And they started at about 6AM. What the???.... Let's see...I'm vacationing in Vegas. Chances are I was DRINKING and was up late... I DO NOT want to be disturbed/awakened at 6AM by a construction truck!!! It was terrible. What makes matters worse is that as soon as the truck stopped or quieted down so I could resume my sleep, the hotel staff performed room check. Room check is done every morning at about 8AM. They knock on your door, and if you're asleep, wake you up. If you don't respond quickly enough, they will open the door... BLANK STARE... Are you kidding me?The last straw was the morning of our checkout. Due to sleep deprivation, we called at 8:30 AM and asked for a late check out. Their check out time is 11, late check out is at 12.  They were calling us 10 mins to 12,  and simultaneously the room check person was knocking on the door, asking us when we were leaving. Talk about harrassment!!Will we be back???  HELL NO!!
3	Check out the shuffleboard, pool table, and poker table near the bar (past the lobby). It's pretty neat! I didn't explore much or spend enough time to make a solid assessment of the joint, so I'm giving it three stars until I can say I actually love it. It did make a good first impression because I wasn't expecting it to be so nice for the area it is located. It's definitely worth while if you desire a low key scene and a great restaurant.
4	Inexpensive, clean, easy hotel, half a block from the strip.  It was near Encore/Wynn so just north of all the commotion.  Room was quiet enough to sleep from 3 am-10am (only time we were there).  Beds were fine and room was just what we needed.  Free self parking and they let us stay there the whole day after we checked out!  The lobby was very nice and the service was great.  We asked for a late checkout (regular is 11am) at 10:45am and it was no problem.  The valet was very nice and flagged down a cab for us when we needed one.  Lobby restrooms were clean.  Nothing super fancy but a great location for a great price!  Very happy with it and will highly consider it on our next trip to Vegas.
1	I made a reservation online for 2 rooms with 2 double beds and when I checked in they gave me rooms with 1 bed and a pull-out couch....I don't think so.The hotel is very old and the water pressure was so bad in the shower that I couldn't even wash the shampoo out of my hair.The jets in the jacuzzi didn't even go on.It is VERY noisy....you can hear everyone when they walk down the hall, outside noise also, and doors slamming (closing) constantly.The good part is the location.
1	SCAM, SCAM, SCAM!I booked a room at this hotel using their website, and months later, called to confirm the reservation only to find out that the website was made by a third-party, and that they had no record of my reservation.  My credit card was charged $200 but they wouldn't honor the reservation or the rate even though they had rooms available.  Management took absolutely no responsibility!DON'T STAY HERE!
4	$60 for 2 queen beds with fridge. walking distance to XS. By a busy street so it's kind of noisy at times but curtains were amazing at blocking out light for sleeping in after a long night! :) overall really good for the price and being basically on the strip!
4	First off, I'm not sure why this place is getting so many bad reviews. (I booked this reservation online and gave my last name, credit card, and driver's license when checking in)Royal Resort is located on Convention Center Drive which is across the street from Circus Circus and under the shadow of the Encore Tower. With a location like this, you will probably be driving to get to where you need to go on the Strip.While Royal Resort will provide you with a parking permit, the parking behind the back of the hotel is very plentiful even during nighttime hours, a plus.I'm not sure what people are saying when they say it's noisy. I could not hear any of the noise from the outside, but the AC was sort of loud, but it didn't bother me. Better to stay cool than roast from the Vegas heat. Then again I was located on the 7th floor but near the elevator. I could hear some commotion as people opened and closed their doors but other than that the room itself was fairly quiet.For me, I was able to get LTE/4G on my iPhone 5 so there was no need to pay for $10 WiFi. If you need internet that badly and don't want to pay the $10 go to a Starbucks.Depending on your room (1 bed rooms have a microwave, fridge, and pull-out bed, and 2 bed rooms only have a fridge), the accommodations were sufficient given the price and location.The hotel itself is clean, and the staff (at least for me) were friendly. Housekeeping service did knock on our doors at around 9 AM the next morning as we did not have a sign out. They were happy to provide us with extra towels.The staff working the Reception were friendly and accommodating when I wanted a 2 bed room and not a 1 bed room. They were quick to make the adjustments and didn't give me any flak for it. All I had to do was return the old room keys and that was that.Royal Resort is a great choice if you want a no-frills cheap option to stay in Vegas. It has no Casino and a definite lack of nearby food options, but that's what your car or taxi man/woman is for.
4	One of my best friends was getting married in Vegas and i decided to stay one night only and leave the day after the wedding.found a deal on a travel website and decided to go for it.This is a small place right behind the Encore Hotel.  This place is great for the price i got it (under 60) for a last minute booking.  They hold $100 for security deposit. The Hotel:   It is small, a little run down.  There is a pool, and a wonderful lobby.  The hallways outside the rooms are rundown as well.  I did not really care about this because i was only there to sleep.  It is about a block form the strip. and there are cheap restaurants right next to this place.  Does not have room service.  WiFi is expensive.The Room:  The was clean.  It was small but it was clean.  that is whats important.  it had a fridge, tv, shower, and a coffee maker w/ one serving of caffeinated and decaffeinate coffee.  The walls were not that thin but i was a little unlucky that my neighbor had loud kids. However i was tired and would have slept through a heavy metal band playing in my room so the thin walls would not bother me.  But the best thing about this place are the curtains.  I did not get back to my room till about 5am ish and the curtains were AMAZING in keeping the room dark.The Service  kind, always smiling.  i had no problems with them at all.This place is worth it as long as you get the room for less than 80 a night.  Anything more... i dont know... you decide.
4	Good service got a good deal on Expedia
4	Go retro. Although it's not glamorous, it was a quiet retreat from the crowds and noise of the large hotels. The staff was very accommodating & quickly responded to any requests.  My friend & I shared a 1 bedroom and sitting room with 2 pull out couches & 2 balconies. She put both mattresses on one pullout for comfort.  We loved having 2 bathrooms. Microwave, coffee maker & fridge. Heated pool, nice gym and very helpful concierge. I used a time share exchange so wi-fi was free.The food at the attached Barrymore restaurant was absolutely incredible with 1/2 price appetizers and cocktails from 5-7pm. We also ate at the Peppermill, next to Walgreen's across the street.
2	The two stars I gave are solely for the hotel, yes the hotel that's made of concrete and stone, I am giving the humans ( I don't even want to call them employees because obviously they all hate their job ) a big fat ZERO star.The hotel is right behind Encore and Wynn, room is nice size and comfy. Its okay that theres no casinos inside. but there's NO soft music playing in the lobby neither. The PROBLEM, though, is the attitude of the staff, the entire staff. I stayed twice for 8 days total, I believe I met them all. I stayed at Wynn, Bellagio, Mandarin Oriental and Aria before, their smiling, caring,  going-out-of-your-way service I was used to.  Here, it seems that they also go out of their way ---- NOT to be nice. Checking in, I didn't expect Royal Resort to say " Welcome" " what's your plan in Vegas",  Perfect! I didn't get any! I got "Hi" " Your room number is #"Checking out, I didn't expect them say " thank you" " How was your stay with us?"  Great! I didn't get any neither! I got "Bye" if I was lucky!They don't smile, AT ALL.  They don't tell you anything unless you ask ( wifi info, shuttle info). When I asked about shopping outlets, the guy gave me two brochures, yeah, that's his "answer"...  When I pushed further " which one is good? What's the difference btwn the outlets", he said STONE FACED, " I don't know what you like?"  WTH?When I said to one of the girls that I had a bag in the storage room, this is how she acted --- she silently walked to the room, unlocked the door, leaned on the door ( unprofessional!!), watched me to carry my own bag, with NOT a single word. I felt compelled to say "Thanks", guess what's her answer?"Hmm"They must have a contest running in the hotel about WHO speaks the least words, smiles the least WINS a HOT DOG or sth!
5	This place was by far one of the best hotels for the money you pay. It was also one of the best ones on the entire strip. I've stayed at planet hollywood, circus circus, excalibur, and luxor. Royal resort was a very comfortable hotel. Despite its age, it did not look that old on the outside and the inside. It was very clean and the hotel room was very nice. The king sized bed was great and the shampoo and conditioners left were also the best I've had so far. The pool was absolutely amazing. The best temperature of all of the pools above and it was also opened the latest (until midnight!). Yes, the jacuzzi jets were not working but the jacuzzi has a magnificent water fall on three sides that work just as well as the jets and add a unique touch. Also, many jacuzzi's in the other resorts do not include jets. The staff were quite friendly, helpful and very useful. I would definitely stay here again as it is located in a very good location (right behind Encore). Yes, it is a trek to the opposite side of the strip but if you're a walker I would highly recommend this hotel.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because it is very affordable. I even paid $100Per night the first time I stayed here but it was worth it and it was summer.It is clean,and maids would come every day to do the housekeeping.You don't have to keep calling asking for towels or toilet paper,they have veryGood service. The hotel lobby has a pool table and a piano.Nothing fancy but you can hang out there or at the bar.Pool was ok,but the jacuzzi was even better and hugeFor 14 persons which we really enjoyed.The Riviera hotel it's right in front of the hotel,which it's very convenient,in case you get bored and want to go gambling to the casino or get somethingTo eat.I will definitely stay here again if I'm on a budget.I have heard that you can get a room for $50 per night if you book in advance.So I will consider thisHotel for a 1 or 2 weeks Vegas vacation for sure.
2	Royal resort....from the outside and the lobby it appears you are staying at a pretty nice place. Step off the elevator into the dimly lit halls and you see a place in desperate need of an update & a deep cleaning! rooms are small! balconies overlooking the strip are true however balcony is very small and it overlooks the riveria ( also run down) and circus circus ( a dump)! Rugs are dirty, bedding is old, pillows are few and flat. The TV is an old fashioned 27 in w so so reception....in the day and age when flat screens are cheap as heck.although reasonably priced will definitely not be back until it's totally renovated and deep cleaned
3	This place is ok if your just going to party and you need a place to crash. The rooms are old, wifi didn't work, no breakfast, and the water took a while to heat up
4	People who gave this place a bad review must have been in a different building or something... i loved this joint. Super affordable (thru Expedia), good location (walk to Riviera, Wynn, Circus Circus, Peppermill), friendly staff, hot coffee and a fridge in the room, a desk, not noisy at all, good views of the city, balconies, and it's small and doesn't have a casino so you don't need to walk thru 10,000 slot machines to get something from your car or go back to your room. But hey if you want a casino, the Riviera is a few hundred feet away. It's approaching the "dirty north" side of town but hey who the eff are you, Princess Margaret or something? It's Vegas; suck it up. Will def stay here again.
4	Just came back from our 4 day weekend. Stayed at the royal resort. This place is good not the best like the other EXPENSIVE place. I will stay here again. Needs a bit more TLC. I like it for the price and the peace and quietness of the location. The pool is amazing also the jacuzzi.
5	It was a great hotel. It's not luxury but it was very quiet and clean. The staff was nice and very helpful, I would stay here again. You are around the corner from the strip so it's perfect and a mile from the convention center. It's super cheap too, can't beat it.
3	Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I always try to stay away from the Strip and this is still too close to the Strip. There were quite a few shoeless people walking around in the lobby when I was checking in around 11pm, rough night? Both nights that I stayed there, there were drunk idiots in the lobby. Security was there handling the situation both nights. That of course was not the fault of the hotel but it might help you decide on whether or not you'd want to stay here. Otherwise, the room that I was in was pretty nice and clean. Definitely worth every penny. The sliding glass door even opens to allow you on the balcony. This is a pretty nice place to stay for a couple of nights especially if you're on a tight budget.
3	Stayed here on Saturday night of opening weekend of the NCAA tournament.First off, for a sports bettor its a good location: Walkable to the LVH (the best sports book maybe in the World), to the Wynn/TI/Any Caesars/MGM property.I was staying by myself and did it for a total of $55 after tax. Considering even the Riviera of all places was double that cost, I would say it was a good deal.There was paid Wifi that I want to say was $10/day. It worked really well and I had no issues paying for that, because it did seem pretty cheap.The rooms are comfortable. The bathroom is fine, there is a little coffee maker which I did not use. The "full" bed was pretty comfortable. There is a nice desk with a nice chair if you need to do work. The pool was nice and hot tub that I didn't go in looked nice too.I had to finagle with the lock on my balcony door to ensure that it was closed. That made me nervous, and the lack of having a safe in my room made me even more nervous.Look, the place is what it is. It's cheap, and pretty decent. For me it's worth 4 stars, but minus one star for not having an in room safe and having crappy locks on the balconies. I would stay again, but only for a heavily discounted rate in comparison to strip hotels (which is why I stayed here in the first place).
3	Time share owner I believe for the fees and such we pay could be a little more updated.
5	UPGRADE TO THE EXECUTIVE SUITE.  I've read some not-so-great reviews of the Royal Resort, so I figured if I were going to stay at a very affordable place just off the Strip, I should probably stay in one of their best rooms, as those are the ones they are most likely to keep up.  I made a good decision.My room was great!  It was clean, spacious, and everything worked.  It had a fridge, microwave, safe, HUGE bed with lots of pillows to choose from, a fold-down murphy bed, LOTS of space.  It had a big, comfy chair, and a sliding glass door with a balcony you could walk out on to enjoy the fresh air and the view of Circus Circus and the Riviera.Round trip flight from SFO + 3 nights at the Royal Resort cost me just $349 through Expedia.  I've stayed in Vegas 13 times, and this was among my top experiences.Yes, it's at the north end of the Strip, but that's what gives you a little piece and quiet at the end of your crazy day.  The employees were a tad stand-offish, but courteous and friendly enough.  And there was never more than one person ahead of me at the desk.The pool was modest in size but great.  Clean and warm enough most of the time, with an impressive view of Encore towering above.  The hot tub was great -- spacious, risen a few feet higher than the pool, and had three small waterfalls -- basically sheets of hot water that you could use to massage your shoulders and head after a nice swim.For convenience, there is a Walgreens right across the street, and the Peppermill Restaurant & Lounge is almost a stone's-throw away.The Royal Resort is a great deal for the money.  (Remember: Executive Suite, only $15 extra per night!)
3	The location is great if you're mostly going to Encore or Wynn because its walking distance, far from everything else. Good thing is you can still travel by taxi because the encore is nearby. It's also right behind tacos el gordo.Let's start with the Boot Leg stuff. Our valet guy was also part of our housekeeping as well as the technician that was suppose to fix the T.V. but did not. Parking was easy and nearby +1 instead of the countless stairs and elevators you have to take at other hotels. Since it is a smaller hotel less people smoking cause there's no casino floor. Our booking was messed up, we were suppose to have a suite but instead it was just a regular room. The room was decent, two beds, fits 4-5 people. Pretty cheap.
1	Never have i been so overwhelmed by the multiple unsanitary moments in the Oual Resort 3 day trip. Left over burrito in the unplugged refrigerator, sample packs from a magazine were the shampoo, lotion from the hotel was empty but placed back into the original spot, one bag of coffee-decaf only. Black hair on a couple of towels. Front desk was nice but they said they would call a cab for us which never showed. Maid was awful when I asked for regular coffee and to make the beds which they left a note saying I have things blocking them from making the bed.. like my pajama pants. Remote does not work but it's next to the box t.v. Best part locationWorst part everything else Not worth the discounted orbitz price.  Never will return.
4	When we checked in it was easy and fast . Nice hotel when you first walk in :) everything was ok for the most part. The room was nice and spacious and we had a great view of the pool area. There was a dead moth near our window on the carpet and a few crumbs here and there but other than that it was all good ! The pool area is awesome (it goes up to 8 feet) and the spa has beautiful waterfalls but at night there were dozens of centepedes and one was on my towel and got onto my leg "yuck" other than that pool was great..Pros: nice hotel , not to far from the strip.Cons: They made us pay a $100 deposit to check in (incase of damage) and we weren't told before hand !!! They said we would get it back as soon as we checked out but when we checked out they told us 3-7 buisness days !!! We needed that money to travel home ughhh ! We had my mom wire us money thru walmart so it wasn't so bad.
1	FYI:  the piano & pool table are for decoration purpose ONLY.  They were fooling us.  No free wifi.  That is kindna suck.  Old  & smelly carpet.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE, especially if you have kids.  Substandard amenities.  Rooms are VERY outdated.  Even in the shower, water pressure is next to non-existent.  Pictures do not depict actual conditions at this property.  Went to the business center, found it in VERY poor condition, all equipment taken out.  Property needs an HUGE amount of work to bring it back up to par.  Parking behind the hotel kinda dark in the p.m.  Lots of non-guest foot traffic.  Was told by staff the top floors are occupied by people that live there.  They rent rooms as apartments.Traded through Interval International for this property, BIG MISTAKE!!!VERY DISASTIFIED
5	Excellent location and staff. Would definently stay here. Rooms are very well maintained and staff is always pleasant and helpful
5	We had the executive suite - 2 rooms, 1 king sized bed, 2 sofa beds, 2 baths. Microwave, fridge, coffee maker.  We were here for 7 days for a basketball convention. Convenient for us because it's a stone's throw away from the convention center. The Strip is just around the corner too - away from the busy part. We were out most of the time anyways. No casinos, which we really preferred. Nice intimate pool. Cozy.Housekeeping came in everyday, nice, polite and thorough.
5	I stayed here 3 years ago for a week and the lobby was packed with people at the bar. It was funStayed again for a week this month and I don't think the bar is open any more, which is sad. The lobby was so quiet and dead. I kept forgetting to ask what happened. Otherwise both stays were nice. I can't comment on price because it's my parents' timeshare. The rooms were clean both times, and never a problem with the staff. I find them very friendly. It doesn't bother me at all that it's towards the end of the strip. Don't mind walking up and down the strip on my way there and back. Good people watching. There is a bus stop nearby if you're in a hurry. The pool and hot tub are nice. Overall I'd recommend staying here, and I'm not just saying that because it's free for me lol. I do wish the bar came back to life
1	Dirty and dated.  Not my cup of tea. The entire building is in need of maintenance.  I'd find other accommodations.
4	We stayed here for a week as part of a timeshare swap. The reviews had us worried to the point that we priced rooms on the strip before we arrived. However we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are dated but very comfortable. What I think is that people confuse dated with dirty. The place was dated but clean and the staff were overwhelmingly friendly and quick to please. As far as location it is excellent. One block from the strip near the Wynn and right next to local restaurants, a drug store, 7-11 and other convenient stores. One great thing is you can pretty much part next to the front door. Pool and hot tub were great. My only complaints are the TV channels are limited and reception not great in a couple of channels and they needed a better coffee maker. But we had a bedroom with a very comfortable bed, living room, 2 bathrooms and two TVs. We would definitely stay again. Not plush but very convenient. Lobby was nicely retro.
