1	had a terrible haircut and will never go to anyone else.stay with cynthia, she knows how to cut hair and she listen to what you want.
4	Perfect haircut for a great price!
4	Wow, what a difference a day makes! Yesterday I left crying, today I luvluvluv my hair! I wish I had brought a pic to Ashley yesterday. I also wish that she had maybe made a little conversation, ASKED me how I wanted my hair blown out and had been less defensive and sullen when I tried to explain why I did not like my hair. Tracy and Jill totally changed my 1 star to a 4 though. They spent so much time asking questions, comparing pics and explaining my hair to me that I walked out as happy as I have ever been with a cut. Tracy even recommended a product that is light enough to work in my hair AND smells great! I wish I could give a 5 star, but I DID have to go twice and my first stylist let her mood affect her manners :( I will go back to Tracy, absolutely. I am going to take her advice and try foils... and will review again for sure!
1	Looking for a great mullet hair cut!? Never fear Fantastic Sam's is here! I went in and showed a picture to the lady and she clearly did not look very close at the pic because it did NOT look like the picture I'm going to post. Just look for the mullet picture. The environment was awkward because it feels like the employees don't get along. The woman who cut my hair knew she messed up but still charged me $30. So I called and tried to get ahold of the manager named Christine. She never returned my call. I'm not gonna waste my time and money on this business again. Thankful for friends who can clean up their terrible job! Oh and if I could give 0 stars I would!
5	I've been going here for as long as I can remember. When I lived in Tempe I tried out another FS in Mesa and it wasn't a great experience. I'd drive the 30 minutes to come here. There are many employees that have been there for years. They take appointments now which they didn't used to do. Last time I got my haircut by Tyneija and she was SO nice. She listened to what I wanted and didn't try to persuade me to do things with my hair that I didn't want to do. I'll be booking appointments with her from now on. Christine is also super awesome but gets full with appointments quickly. I did get a bad cut here once from a girl who just graduated cosmo school... but eh it's hair. It grows back.
1	do not go here!!no stars is too many!!!This is my nieces haircut... I would have gone back in there immediately.Are these " stylists" blind!!!I cannot believe they let her walk out of this place with a haircut like this.It looks like they cut her hair with a butter knife.Pay a real stylist and skip this place. UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
