5	I've used Rocket Media for several projects and have found their web site designs and service to be exceptional. They are more than a web design company offering search engine marketing, social media strategies, lead tracking strategies and much more. I'd highly recommend working with the owner Ben and his team.
5	Great company that knows their stuff!
5	ROCKET MEDIA is an innovative company that has always kept us one step ahead of the competition.  They offer solutions for web design, social media, internet marketing and a variety of training opportunities.  If you are one that likes to have the freedom to update your own website ask them about a content management system.  The staff is talented, customer oriented and always available to answer questions. I highly recommend working with ROCKET MEDIA.
1	I was a client of Rocket Media for  a few years. My experience with them has been less than stellar!As a business owner I have found there customer service, rude and non empathetic! During the first heat wave to hit Boston my site was loading at a extremely slow speed of 28 seconds per page! Unfortunately I was the one to notice the slow speeds, not Rocket Media the company I paid to host my site. After a few agonizing days of zero response I removed Rocket Media from hosting and Controlling my site. Responses from the Owner telling me that I was a " Web Developer" were uncalled for and unnecessary. It showed me that customer service and the mind set of the owner to provide a great customer service were non existent.After a few more agonizing days of unnecessary delays in moving my site, Rocket Media finally moved it.I will close on my experience- I will say that when I informed Rocket Media that the page loads were in excess of 28 seconds per page. Rocket Media moved the site from one host to another. The Cloud host from where the site was moved had zero reported issues. Yet I was charged to move the site! Pretty funny how I can spend $750 dollars per month in hosting my site and then be billed because it's not working correctly!I know when I am being jerked around! I should have followed my gut insticnts years ago. Being held hostage by a developer is not fun!Just my experience.
