5	This restaurant was one of the best surprises of my last trip out to Fort Mill.  I was visiting one of our properties and the staff recommended this place for lunch.  Since it was almost literally next door to the property, I figured I would give them a try.  I'm glad I did because the food was delicious and amazingly cheap.I had the lasagna and it was so large I couldn't even finish it and ended up having to put some of it in the refrigerator for later.  Guess how much it cost?  Remember - this is homemade lasgna that tasted like it was freshly made that morning.  Ready to guess how much I paid?  $5.75!!  Yes, $5.75!!  In Atlanta the same thing would have been at least $9.00 if not more.This is a top choice for delicious food at a good price.  Honestly, you can't beat it.
3	Pretty good. Buffet is decent. Nothing exceptional
2	DeMarco's is OK... a little pricey for dinner.  Their pizza is TINY.  Their lunch buffet is a much better deal.
5	Good food, great prices, friendly atmosphere. Big fan of their pizza. Lunch buffet is great, as it often has many options. Definitely worth a try.
3	We went from University City to Fort Mill on St. Patrick's day, to pick up a license plate for a car my wife bought in February. The kids were hungry, and we weren't into the whole St. Patrick's Day mood. We hadn't had Italian food in a while, so I navigated to this place via Yelp on the iPhone. It's in a professional building, underneath a dentist's office, adjacent to a bunch of strip malls on Gold Hill Road. We found it odd that it was cold in the restaurant, on what was otherwise a very warm March 17.  The waitress offered to let us sit outside, and so we did. Never mind the bird poop on the wrought iron table... Or the fact that the patio hadn't been swept in a while. We were promptly served the highlight of the meal, a basket of probably the best garlic knots I've ever tasted, complete with herbed butter. My boys demanded we get a second basket with our meal. I'm always suspicious of Italian restaurants that don't have some decent coffee available. When asked, the waitress didn't even know if they did. "That's okay, I'll drink water..." Oddly, some folks behind us were served great-smelling coffee about 20 minutes later. I wasn't offered, so I resisted ordering it.My universal complaint about most mom and pop Italian restaurants from NY to FLA to CA  is that they don't seem to do salads much justice, and they charge too much for them when they're ordered a' la carte. This place was no exception. We found it interesting that the salad Twin B received as an accompaniment to his meal had a nice array of romaine and other lettuces on it, along with croutons, while my wife and I had to endure the non-nutritional value of iceberg and a sparse sampling of veggies. Twin A had ordered a special salad to go with his pizza. It came with great olives and just a few more veggies. I ordered a crab-stuffed sole, which came with broccoli and mashed potatoes. Twin A ordered a pizza. Twin B ordered a pasta dish with a heavy, herbed cream sauce and some tomatoes. My wife had grilled salmon and broccoli. The first thing I noticed about my plate was that the fish and broccoli seemed to be drenched in butter. Now, I like a little butter now and then, but dammit, it's 2012, and most people now know that it's not a a healthy fat to coat a whole meal in. A big draw of Mediterranean food is its heart-healthy reliance on lean meats, fresh veggies, whole grains, and olive oil. So where did all that butter come from? I'm not used to Italian fish dishes or veggies being drenched in butter.Anyway, the sole was okay. The crab stuffing was greasy and bland, The broccoli had no flavor beyond the butter, and the mashed, skin-on red potatoes were very, very good. Oddly, they were served with little or no added butter! I just dipped them in the ooze from the rest of the food.Twin A loved his pizza, saying the cheese and olives were awesome, despite a limp, wet crust.Twin B did not like the heavy, herbed cream sauce that came on his penne. I tried it and found it to have an odd, chemical taste, and to be so heavily laden with fat that I could see why he was disappointed He could probably feel his arteries seizing up after just a few bites.My wife said the Salmon was just okay. There was nothing special about it. Her broccoli did look like it had less butter on it than mine.The damage was $69 and change with tip, no alcohol. Entrees are generally in the $13 to $18 range, with pastas not far behind. Pizzas are a little less.Overall, the experience was "Meh" for the salads and entrees, "Yay!" for the garlic knots, pizza, and mashed potatoes. We have definitely had better Italian food for less money in many other places. I'd probably take my son's advice and order the pizza if I were you.
1	Had dinner here last night.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  Eggplant Parm was SALTY.  Veal Parm was tough and so thin.  Maybe 1/16 inch?  The breading was thicker than the veal.  At least the veal wasn't the pressed type.  Will probably not go back except perhaps to try the pizza.
2	Very forgettable. Ordered the daily special, chicken caciattore which was horribly bland. Wife had a chicken pasta dish with pesto sauce. I love basil, but they over did it, and sometimes more is not better. It didn't help that the Ac wasn't working while we ate. The food, service, and atmosphere are all overrated and highly overpriced. Even Olive Garden beats this place. I would not recommend at all.
5	Great pastas and entrees!  Hidden treasure in Tega Cay area.  Their pesto dish (Pasta DeMarco dish) is the best I ever had.  It is more of a pesto cream sauce, so it coats the noodles well and is saucy unlike a lot of others.  The veal and chicken parm are excellent...really cheesy. The alfredo and chicken picatta are also both really good.  Had the eggplant app and it was really good..  Dinner comes with yummy garlic knots and fresh salad (try the parmesan peppercorn dressing)!  For dessert, their fried cheesecake is the way to go.  The sauce is to die for and the breading is like a funnel cake unlike some places which I find chewy.  My husband who is not big on desserts couldn't get enough!Never tried the pizza or buffet, so can't comment on those.  The owners are really great and all the waitresses are sweet!
1	I will not return, terrible customer service. I ordered a pizza from here because I had received a "welcome" packet with some coupons including one for Demarco's giving a free large 1 topping pizza, dine in or take out. I called and ordered then went to pick it up, upon doing so the hostess told me the owner wasn't accepting these coupons and it's only good with a $40 or something purchase (the coupon was newly received so this wasn't news to the owner he just didn't pull them per the hostess which seems like a scam to me). I politely argued with the girl telling her it doesn't give stipulations anywhere and that's false advertising (not even sure if that's legal?) and very poor customer service for which they would lose customers (like myself). She understood but it was the owners call. I ended up purchasing the pizza (needed to eat!) and the pizza wasn't good. It had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt. Because I'm pregnant I opted not to get too stressed so after stating my views I left vowing that I wont return. Which is unfortunate because it's very close to my home but there are too many other places close enough with better food and certainly better service!
5	Fantastic for years! Their spaghetti sauce is awesome, and get the balsamic on your salad.  great dinner or lunch.
5	Finally, tried their pizza.  Take-out...not the buffet.  Not the best dough recipe, but all toppings were fresh and delicious.  I recommend the bbq chicken pizza.  It makes up for the blandness in the dough. I still love the entrees...always great.  I recently had the Tuscany Shrimp and it was perfect.  Overall, this is more of a pasta/entree place...not a pizza place.  If you haven't tried the entrees, give DeMarco's another shot.  If you want good, authentic pizza go to a place like Luigi's.
5	My husband and I have lived in Tega Cay for 2 years now and we go here all. the. time. The food is always amazing. I see some bad reviews on service and I will admit they they must only hire pretty girls with no brains who are still in high school. (One time we asked for some parmesean cheese. She said "Sure, no problem. And do you want some ummmm errrr shakey cheese too?" ..... We all had to hold back our laughter... "Yes dear, that would be parmesean.") So service not the best. But we've never felt neglected or mistreated. They always are so nice so I try not to hold it against them that they are just young.Their meatballs, chicken parmesean, marinara sauce, alfredo sauce, lobster ravioli, bolognese, everything we've tried has been great. AND GARLIC KNOTS TO DIE FOR (when they aren't overcooked. Very rare, but it happens - We usually just ask for a new batch).I finally decided to write a review after this past weekend when we tried... FRIED CHEESECAKE. The sounds that were coming from our table were almost XXX rated. The most delicious thing I've ever had. anywhere.These others with negative reviews must have just had a few bad experiences. We've been here probably 15-20 times and while service has been up and down, the food is always solid with minimal variations. We bring everyone here.
2	We've been to DeMarco's 30-40 times in 3 years but the service is progressively becoming worse and worse.  Food is still very good for the price but recently a waitress on Friday night informed us that the food will be a while because the owner is also the chef (and the only chef at that).  Amazingly, she told us they were well behind every Friday night which spells out the incompetence of the chef/owner in not hiring more staff.  That evening our meal at a family restaurant took 2 hours.  If you dine there Mon-Thurs it's a pretty decent, if unspectacular, experience but weekends are atrocious and apparently the owner is indifferent towards improving it.  The Fort Mill and Tega Cay areas are clearly expanding and thus existing businesses should flourish but without a competent owner to relieve the chef/owner Demarco's is going to fall behind.  This would have been 4-5 stars 2 years ago but lack of staff makes dining here take the same time as it would a top-notch Charlotte restaurant and borderline unbearable for families or anyone who wants to enjoy the balance of their weekend. Get the take-out and bring it home, you'll save money via savings on high-markup alcohol and have a far better experience!!!
5	This place ROCKS!!! You can never go wrong with anything on the menu, and the servers are so friendly. We get Clippers Magazine, and there are always coupons in there. my husband's dad is Italian, and I cannot wait to bring my in laws to check this place out, as they are pretty particular about any Italian food. Salads are actually with greens, not the crappy iceberg that seems to be the norm now. The Garlic knots are so addictive, it isn't funny.  The also do not overcook vegetables , which is HUGE for me. We live in Rock Hill, but do not mind driving a little ways to this place....totally worth it!
3	My wife and I recently ate here for dinner on a Wednesday night.  The good: 1. The garlic bread knots that were brought to the table with our drinks were very good.  It was hard to say "no" to a second basket. 2. The pizza I ordered was very good.  It wasn't too greasy and the toppings were fresh and plentiful.The bad: 1. It took 20 minutes for my wife's salad and my calamari appetizer to come out and there was no explanation given as to why.  When there's only 5 tables in the restaurant (and none had more than 4 diners), there's no reason it should take that long unless someone had to go catch the squid before they could make the calamari.  2. My wife's alfredo pasta was plentiful but the sauce needs more flavor.  It wasn't bad, just rather plain. If you go, go for the pizza and the garlic knots and don't be in a hurry.
5	so good. all the sauces are fresh made for every dish. the marinara sauce is the best ive ever had, and the balsamic dressing is amazing. cute little restaurant w/ a friendly staff and amazing food! if youre craving italian DeMarcos will hit the spot!
