4	Not one person has reviewed this Fry's on yelp? Serial?This is my Fry's. You can usually catch me slumming it around in here late at night, cooling off in the beer aisle or debating for 10 minutes with myself on whether or not I want to get Friday the 13th or What Happens in Vegas out of the RedBox machine. Or I could be at the deli counter, getting some delicious Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  Even better yet, you can find me scoping out all the "manager special" deals where items are usually discounted up to 50% due to expiration approaching.  Usually I have an advertisement in my hands with the best deals this Fry's has to offer. Most of the time, it's the cheapest, cleanest, safest, and most reasonable place to grocery shop in the 85014-18 area code.  That said, I have two main concerns with this store:- that every time I go they seem to be out of the 6-pack of eggs, as well as a lot of their diary products. They are not very good about keeping "hot" items on their shelves stocked.  -their produce selection is very limited, and the prices are really nothing to jump overboard about. I go to Ranch Market or Whole Foods to get my produce on.But I'm not gonna talk shit, and I refuse to grocery shop anywhere else really. Safeway, Albertsons - overpriced. Fresh and Easy, Sprouts, Sunflower - not much of a selection, and again, a little pricey. Fry's meets all of my grocery shopping needs, from toilet paper to tampons to spaghetti-o's.
5	Just had to write a quick review of Fry's. Live close to the store and was doing some shopping there last week. After doing my shopping I came out and hopped in my car, turned the key.....and CLICK. Yep....dead battery. Went back inside and told them about the car. I had bought some frozen items and asked if I could just return them seeing that they most likely wouldn't survive the heat.  What happened next was totally unexpected. The assistant manager (I'm pretty sure Keri was her name) offered to come out and give me a jump. They also offered to keep my stuff in the freezer while we tried to get my car started. Keri stayed with me in the heat out in the parking lot for quite some time trying to get my car going. After quite some time, we gave up.I told her I had to get to work that evening and didn't know exactly when I'd be back to get my car. She assured me she'd call security and tell them not to tow it.Went back in and they refunded my money for the frozen food since I had to walk home and there was no way it was going to make that trek at all. I honestly have to say that was some of the best customer service I have ever seen. I never expected anyone from the store to help me to such a degree.So, thank you, Keri...and thank you Fry's. Your customer service is above and beyond expectations.(And you can get some pretty good deals on groceries there, too.)
4	This grocery has hands down the nicest, most hard working, friendly produce clerk (nights) I have ever bumped into while shopping.
4	This is a review specifically for the bakery at this Fry's Food Store (I am not taking into consideration the fact that the worst drivers in the state of Arizona choose to shop here and endanger my life when I attempt to park - that's not Fry's fault!).  For my dad's 60th birthday party I initially wanted to order one of those fancy, I-can't-believe-someone-has-the-creativity-and-patience-to-make-something-like-that kind of cakes from one of the independent bakeries in the area.  But, after receiving estimates ranging from $90-$175 for a cake that would serve our 50 guests I just couldn't go through with it.Instead, I chose to call the bakery at this Fry's and ordered a hilarious/delicious 1/2 sheet Picture-A-Cake featuring an edible screen printed photo of my dad on his Bar Mitzvah day.  The cake itself was an mmm mmm good red velvet with cream cheese frosting and only cost $34.99!  Our guests couldn't believe the cake was baked at a grocery store.  The only reason I'm not giving Fry's five stars is due to the ease of ordering.  They do not have the ability to receive photos as attachments via email - you have to bring in a hard copy of the picture that you want screened on.  The ultimate outcome is definitely worth the extra trip, though!
1	If you're looking for a dining experience at Fry's deli area you're better off going to an actual sit down restaurant.  Fry's "dining style" food in the deli area is very substandard at the best.
4	There are many other reviews which extol the virtues of this location. I just wanted to add some of my experiences as well as a few observations.First off, at the time of this writing I've been in Phoenix for about a year. Learning about all the necessary places to go in a new town, I had the opportunity to rate businesses objectively (not like 'My mom always went there so I do too...')Fry's became a standard 'go to' place. Their hours are great (5 AM to 1 AM). There are many locations, and their prices are very competitive. They also have a convenient VIP card and electronic coupon program.Specifically to my needs, this location has a good pharmacy, an organic/health selection and a well stocked bakery and deli (for parties and special occasions). Their parking is reasonable and the lot is well kept/secure. There's also a Chase branch nearby as well as a Best Buy, Staples and Old Navy. On Wednesdays there's a Farmer's Market just across the street for everything else I can't find here.Not all Fry's carry the same things. For instance, I can only depend on this location to carry pita bread, garlic naan, large Fage yogurt as well as the Mexican version of creme fraiche. I appreciate this greatly.One word of caution, be firm with the staff at the deli. Take a number, insist on their attention, and don't let them gyp you with small wings or the bottom of the pasta selection. I know some of them don't care about their job, but don't let that ruin your experience. Remember: they're probably making minimum wage.Oh, and the other reviewer's comment about the parking is accurate, although I'm not sure what they can do about it as this is a mall complex.
4	When the sale circulars arrive in the mailbox weekly, I pick out the Fry's, Safeway, Fresh &  Easy and Pro's Ranch Market flyers and start planning my weekend grocery adventures.  I love grocery shopping and I love good deals.  Occasionally I find some deals here that other chains can't beat and there are times I can't justify driving the distance to come here.   As a PHX Suns fan I have been fond of their sponsorship and promotions.  I have even been lucky enough to be seated in a section that was selected for the 3-point coupon that takes $1 off for every 3-pointer the Suns score.  The night I won my coupon they had scored 9 3-pointers and I got $9 off my groceries.
3	Things to like about this Fry's:Nice deli counter with a sit-down area.Starbucks (if you happen to like Starbucks).Good liquor section.Good cheese selection.A good selection of organics and health food (if that's your bag).Adjacent to a shopping center with Best Buy, Marshalls, Staples, Last Chance and other stores.Things to not like about this Fry's:The meat section is sometimes not stocked that well compared to the other departments.The deli counter is often understaffed--like during busy hours.The pharmacy is ridiculously under-managed and barely professional.Compared to the modern mega-mart form factor, the aisles are narrow and the shelves crowded.But, what the heck. It's my "village store", so . . .
4	I've recently started shopping at this Fry's as its right across the street from where I work.  I mostly come here during the week either before my day starts, or on my lunch hour to grab something to eat.This is definately one of the nicer, larger Frys in the valley.  Its huge!  They have everything in here that you could possibly need.  Deli, bakery, large produce area, booze, meat, and everything else.  I personally hang out at the deli a lot, as I love thier paninis and other sandwiches that they make here onsite.I also like this Frys since they have a Bank of America in here, along with a starbucks, which saves me time and trips to get coffee or a stop at the ATM on the way into work.Today I came here to pick up a few things since I was in the area, and had a few extra moments to stop in and shop.  This place was packed!  I will be back in the future, and will continue to cruise through here on my lunch hour, as the lines go quick and the selection is large!
4	With all due respect to Jason's post, grass-fed beef is wonderful! It's tasty and it's healthy. But if you prefer the amonia washed beef that comes from the major meat packing plants now, then feel free to encourage that industry. i now buy only grass-fed, antibiotic and hormone free beef. I almost never buy pork anyway and I'm looking for a good source of healthy chicken. Tyson and Purdue may have a corner on that market, but how they raise those animals is tragic...and the additives needed are shocking. The snow job the meat industry has done on the American public is a travesty!  For those of you looking for good grass-fed beef, check out a local farmers' markets. I've not tried what Fry's offers since I seldom shop at Fry's anymore and it's rare if I buy anything more than organic milk, cheese, veggies, or sale staple items.Where we can agree is price. The grass-fed is expensive, but it is the only way to get away from this need to wash beef, chicken and pork in amonia to try and stave off the e-coli...and I'm sure e-coli will develop resistance to that eventually too...somehow.
2	We shop at Fry's because it's close to our house. Let me just say when it comes to meats cheese and household goods Fry's is pretty good. When it comes to produce I try not to get it there. It is over priced for the quality that you get. I am very disappointed at times when I come in for a certain item and a lot of times they are out. Needless to say I think I will be going somewhere else to get my produce.
4	It's a nice looking Fry's with a specialty section for cheeses and sushi. They have a sushi chef preparing sushi daily! The parking lot can be a mad house and elderly women beware and hold your purse's close. They have security for the shopping complex and there is always security (an off-duty cop) for Fry's but people still manage to get taken advantage of. There is usually someone roaming the parking lot wanting food or money. I think Fry's can be a bit pricey but I'd rather shop here than Wal-Mart for food. The store is nice and clean. On busy weekends/holiday's the produce section tends to run out of certain items but the rest of the store stays well stocked. The Deli line can be out of control, if you know what you want and what your item tastes like you can order from the kiosk as soon as you walk in the store and just stop by and pick it up when you're ready, talk about convenience!
1	I know that Fry's has better prices than Safeway but I still hate this chain. They never have enough checkouts open. Its setup is annoying because they have everything scattered around the store making you go down almost every isle to get what you need. I know that they do that so  you will buy more. Just gets me pissed and I end up leaving and going to Safeway. I also can't stand all the pan handlers in the parking lot. Why is it that every time I go to any Fry's some jerk has to ram their cart into the side of my truck and no I am not taking up more than one spot and I always park at the back of the parking lot because I enjoy walking.
1	Worst store, they will deny selling you alcohol if you mention that you were at a club, please keep in mind it was 10:00PM on a Saturday night even if your with someone that is sober! Completely ridiculous!!!
4	Sushi here is off the hook! Seriously pick some up next time your here. Pretty decent for a grocery store. Store is kept very clean but this place can get busy busy busy at night and on weekends. Stay away from buying your booze here. Way to expensive! Go down the street to total wine! I wish they had a albertsons like in California. That is the best place to buy groceries! This isnt that bad though :)
1	This experience is based soley on the deli....I had ordered a sandwich platter to include ham, turkey, roastbeef, and veggie.  I even emphasized having a few veggie sandwiches, because at the get together I was having, two of my good friends do not eat meat.  When I went to pick up the platter, just by looking I could tell that there was not one veggie sandwich.  When I mentioned this to the woman at the deli, she said "there should be some veggie, because the lady you ordered from made them herself".  I replied, "should be" and "are" are two different things.  Then she just ignored me. She was rude and I can't believe she didn't have the common courtesy to at least turn around and speak to me face to face. (She was cutting meat with her back turned to me). We tried to fix the problem by looking for some veggie wraps in the cooler right there, but there were none, so we settled for two salads. At my gathering, one of my friends had to leave to get something more substantial.  I do not plan on giving any more of my business to this deli.
2	This is tricky, because it isn't the closest Fry's to me, but I don't dare go to the one the cop has to guard on Thomas and 28th street.  This Fry's is nicer and cleaner, but several things still make it not a great place.Meat department always seems understocked.  Often has meat that is about to expire (which is great because it is on clearance, but why so much of it?!)Sometimes hard to get help at the meat/fish counter.The deli is the absolute worst.  Ordered 4 different items last time there, and this time we timed them.  Took over 10 minutes for 3.25lbs of items.  VERY slow, discourteous.  Hard to know if they even heard your order.  Seem as if they don't speak English. Some are even down right creepy.  Unfortunately their prices are good on deli meat, so we keep having to go back....maybe we need to find a local deli instead.Aisles are also very small.I have always had a good experience with the cashiers.  Work pretty quickly to get you in and out.  Not usually any long lines, can often get out via the self-checkout very quickly.If these few things could get fixed, this place could be fantastic!
3	Cool samples often, live music, friendly employees.  Parking lot SUCKS!!!
2	I will start this review with an educated opinion of already not liking Fry's as a whole. They never EVER have decent prices on the things I want. Basic things.This location does have a decent setup, they are improving their selection of Produce and ORGANIC, which is nice. They really have a separate area for that niche, which is very unique.The reason I am reviewing today in particular is because of an odd experience with another BASIC thing. Water. I went there for water because we had none at home, and it is around the corner. This was the only reason I went there. I find that they REALLY limit you to either Arrowhead or Kroger (Fry's brand) for spring water. I had gotten the Arrowhead 'gallon' last time and realized that they completely jip you! They make the bottle LOOK like a gallon, but it is 3 pints and something ounces. It is $1.20 as well! When you finish the gallon unexpectedly quickly, you see the cone shape they cut into it from the bottom. Undermining the customer. I tried the Fry's brand this time to get a better deal, even though I saw it was from Seven Springs, AZ which is probably not a real spring water source.I bring it home, and my fiance and I take it in stainless steel bottles in the car, and we notice during the drive it tastes kind of metallic! We think it's the new bottles, and we realize later at home that it continues to taste like that straight from the gallon! It tasted like water after having been left in the car for DAYS in a plastic bottle. It tasted like melted plastic. And I know like a dog knows scents what that water tastes like when that happens. I forced myself to drink it one time for an entire day or two. It makes your throat feel dry and weird, and it makes your head hurt, and it makes you feel nauseous, and it never quenches your thirst how normal water does. You can FEEL the badness in it. I am guessing since this is an AZ source, and a cheap brand, that the workers who haul it and load it up leave it out in the heat for too long, maybe even being too hot in the semi truck trailers. All I know is that THIS IS NOT SAFE FOR A HUMAN, and that IT IS ESPECIALLY NOT SAFE FOR MY PREGNANT FIANCE. I took it back, and of course the guy acted weird seeing someone return water saying it tasted like melted plastic. I don't care, this stuff is contaminated and I know it. So much for the substituted convenience of going to the closer Fry's instead of my favored Safeway location a mile or two away.
4	For the most part this Fry's is the best store in the Fry's system; grocery wise. The pharmacy, however, is a living nightmare. Poor construction of how a pharmacy operates regarding curb appeal and ease of use. The pick up/consultation area is a horror to have to ensure. No clear separation of where the line begins and the waiting area is poorly designed. The drop off counter is the only valid position that works and that makes sense. The bakery is awesome and Sergio is the best employee in the entire store. He's very friendly and goes above and beyond!!!
3	Ok, so the parking is cutthroat at times...but other than that, it's a decent little grocery store. It's close to the house, and their service is friendly enough. They have all the things I need, and I like that they are near a PetSmart.
5	This Fry's is almost as nice as AJ's with their fabulous selections...ok...that might be a stretch, but compared to the Fry's on 7th Avenue, it's quite luxurious!  The produce is always fresh AND guaranteed fresh, which is better than AJ's and a LOT cheaper too.  I'm at Camelback and Central so I go a bit out of my way to shop here but it's much better than anything closer to me...just don't accidentally go on a Wednesday morning!!!  That's blue-hair day.
4	I've been to this location twice in 3 days and like it a lot!  I've not been a fan of the older stores (like the one by me on 7th & Camelback) but was really impressed by the light, layout, and product selection. I was particular impressed by the cheese selection and deli offerings.  The bulk items were a nice surprise as well.  I was able to indulge in some malted milk balls with peanut butter.  So yummy! I've begun to appreciate Kroger's overall for their pricing...the fact they ate getting more competitive in terms of esthetics and selection will keep me coming back.Work on that customer service thing and I'll give you a 5th star and my repeat business.  (That's an overall suggestion---some stores are better than others :)
1	Absolute most incompetent pharmacy ever! I called ahead and stated I was from out of town with a absolutely necessary prescription for a medication and needed to check if they had it in stock before my flight. They put me on hold and made sure they had the medication in stock. After confirming their inventory, I headed over there the quoted 30 minutes necessary to fill the prescription and head to the airport for my flight. When I got there, I was told they would not be able to fill it in a Sunday because my doctor was an out of state doctor. Did I or did I not disclose that on the phone!?! Do you not do this for a living? Have a degree! Awful!!!
4	The parking at this Fry's is a bit challenging, but other than that I don't really have any complaints. The prices are reasonable, and they do not want you to wait in line. That is one thing I love about Fry's in general. If an employee sees you waiting in line for more than about 45 seconds they will usually open another register, to get you in and out. I currently live in CA and you will not EVER see a store do that here.
1	I stopped at this Fry's to pick up some quick snacks before work. I ordered a Starbucks and went to pay for my groceries (apparently you cannot pay for veggies at the Starbucks counter). Not a big deal until I get to the self-check out and there was no Fry's employee available to assist. Awesome. I had to flag down a guy to help me and he acted like I broke the machine. Not cool. Then once I finished paying, I went back to the Starbucks counter where my iced caramel macchiato was waiting....with black stuff floating in it!! I was appalled. I asked the girl working what the black stuff was floating in my drink and she implied it must just be coffee grinds. I had asked her quietly as I was not trying to make a scene but to have it be acceptable that Anything (regardless that it was just coffee grinds) floating in a beverage is awful. I asked immediately for my money back. They obliged  without any issues, but I will not be back to this location, for groceries OR coffee.
2	This store has really gone down hill over the past few months with the loss of some key friendly employees. Service is average. The pharmacy is still a nightmare. It's sad because this is the most popular and busies frys in the system. I wish they would get it together back to the standards it has been "famous" for!!!
4	I have been coming to this store for many many years, but am new to yelp reviews. I am in here AT LEAST once a week, for one reason or another. Before moving close to this location 3 years ago, I actual drove further just to shop here. I know my way around, the store is always clean and the employees are helpful and friendly. My son is obsessed with one of the cashiers, Sterling....who weve chatted with over the years. He is fabulous! Once your a regular its definitely nice to chat with the people you see on a weekly basis. The pricing is fair, they help you when its needed. What makes it better, they recently remodeled, and the bathrooms are 10 times better! The liquor section looks great now. Its just an awesome store, better than any Frys in the city, I think.
2	BAG YOUR OWN GROCERIES!!! These people have the worst foresight with my produce and glass jars. I'm so disappointed in them. I won't let them bag anything anymore
