1	The guy who works nights here is a real piece of shit. He just spent 5 minutes lecturing my friends on how American love is shallow and based on "fucky-fucky" and men should be worshipped by their wives "like Jesus Christ".
1	I have to wholeheartedly agree with the other reviewer. I just literally waited an hour sitting in a dirt field across the street waiting for the Shell to open rather than spend another CENT at this place. What happened this morning?I walked up to the Shell to pick up a pouch of Bugler tobacco - $3.21 after tax. I brought $3.50 with me. Well, apparently they're closed between 2-4AM for stocking of the store. So I ventured across the street to the Chevron - NOT my first time there either. I've been to this place on numerous occasions. And EVERY time I've bought a scratcher ticket here, I've heard the same nonsense.Clerk: You can only pay cash for scratchers. You cannot pay debit or credit. Me: I have cash. Clerk: You can only pay cash. Me: I only have cash. Clerk: You cannot pay with debit/credit. Only cash. Me: I ONLY pay with cash. NEVER with a card. I HAVE CASH!!Well...back to tonight's straw that broke the camel's back. Me: What is the cheapest pouch of roll your own tobacco?Clerk: I have Bugler for $4.00 and I have top. Me: Which is the CHEAPEST you have?Clerk: I have Bugler for $4.00I don't HAVE 4 bucks on me, and just walked 20 mins to get there (early morning exercise is the BEST btw). Me: How much for a single cigar. Clerk: $1.65Me: Do you have any multipack cigars for $3 or less?Clerk: No, no, no. Me: What are those packs of Swisher cigars that say "5 for 3"?Clerk: They are $5.99!!Me: But it says "5 for 3". Clerk: It was the old owners price. I charge $5.99. Me: But it says "5 for 3". You're charging 5 for $5.99. Maybe you should take that down. It's false advertising. Clerk: I charge $5.99. That was the OLD price. Me: That's DOUBLE what is advertised. That's like advertising $3 for a gallon of gas and when I come to pay, you charge me SIX!! Because that was the OLD price.And, let me state:This bastard (as ALWAYS) gave me attitude from the get go. I told him that I work hard for my money, and I DON'T have to spend it there. That I could go across the street. He tells me to go. I them proceed to tell him that I am the CUSTOMER. I can take my money to any other gas station. What happens if he does that to everyone? You won't have a business. I told him that I proudly served my country for him to be able to move here to live. I told him that I didn't want to ASSUME he wasn't from America, but it was pretty obvious he wasn't (India). He then try's to scan the cigars to show me what the ring up as. I told him that I would never spend another CENT here, and would inform everyone I know to do the same. I told him that he could watch my money walk out the door and wait an hour across the street. And I did. I encourage YOU to sit in that dirt field too, my friend...
1	I have to agree with both of the reviews here. The employees here are horrible. I stopped going here a long time ago because of that. They make you feel extremely uncomfortable & unwelcome. Today I needed a quick wash for my car & decided to go through the one they had here since I didn't need to go inside for it. That was a mistake. First of all it's $6 for a crappy quick wash and second it left my car looking dirtier after then it did before.
