1	Dr was ok....Office was awful.  Had a procedure performed in May of 2011 and as procedures go, they advise you to get two tests done after the procedure.  For the first test, I got the labs done and called the DR office a couple days after...When the conversation started, I explained what I was calling about and without looking for the lab results or much discussion they say.....small amouts left, please go and get the second test completed.  A couple months go by and I get the second test....I call a couple days later...and they say they did not get the test results.  They will call and try and get them.  I provide them the the lab info....a couple weeks later I call again and they say they did not get the labs and they will try and get them...Another day and another call...and they finally say....we don't process labs at the lab you used....I am like how did we you know I had a low count from the first test?  They are unable to answer that question and only reitterate that they only process labs at three other labs.So basically they lied when I talked to them about the first results and did not even have my labs and did not try and correct the mistake at that time and continued to offer poor service and the run around the next time.I would not recommend them to anyone; you are treated as a number and there are better Dr's and staff's out there.
4	** Hello ... Yelp ... Anyone home?  This place is now called Ironwood Urology. Please update. Sent you the requested information. :) ** After a long, distressing three months of misdiagnosis galore "Back injury - Go see a physical therapist; enjoy going broke!" "No, you have a 13cm kidney cyst!" "Just kidding, it's severe hydronephrosis!", my primary care doctor sent me to Ironwood Urology.  Dr. Bigelow is the bees knees! He was the surgeon that removed my right kidney and is now my urologist. He was great with me and my family before, during and after the procedure. Initially, I actually saw another doctor that was leaving the practice before being passed to Dr. Bigelow.Found that unlike a lot of doctors, he took the time to explain to me what exactly a UPJ obstruction was (I didn't even ask, wow!), and was quick to reassure me that: 1) Nothing I "did" caused my kidney to die, as it likely happened in-utero, and 2) Nothing my mother "did" during her pregnancy caused this.  I especially appreciated him understanding that as a serious athlete, getting back to training was of great importance to me . . . While not compromising my safety or rushing the healing process.Everyone in the practice has been pleasant, promptly returned phone calls, and speedy lab results. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend Ironwood Urology, Dr. Bigelow or Dr. Avila to any family and friends.
1	Hopefully this will save someone the trouble that I have been going through with this office. I have never written a review before but I have never been so frustrated with a medical office in my life. First of all they take lunch from 11:30 to 1:30 and in that time you have no possibility to leave a message. So if you are trying to take care of something on your lunch period its not going to happen. Then when you do reach someone in the hours that they are open you have to leave a message for someone to call you back ( which is like most offices so I understand that). The kicker is that when they do call you back its about 5 mins before they close so if you miss the call and call back after 4pm then you are out of luck (since you cant leave a message) and then you have to start the process all over again. With that said, if you do reach someone it takes them a good 4-5 days to call you back.. and then when they do call back of course the suggest you come in to the office of course so you can pay another visit to the doc and pay another copay for the office visit.  I left another message for the Dr. over a week ago and as of today have yet to hear back from him or any of the staff. Save yourself the time and frustration of going to this office!!
