1	Poor customer service. Placed order for delivery and was given a 30 minute delivery time. Called back after an hour and the man who answered the phone was extremely rude! Told me they were busy and had a $200 order so I needed to be patient... After waiting an hour. I couldn't get a word in edge wise. 1 hr and 10 mins later the driver called with a completely different address than the one I'd given. I cancelled my order. Never ordering from Buffalo Pizza ever again. RUDE RUDE RUDE....
1	Just like the Yelper below me says POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE is correct.I was on my way home when my mother asked me to pick up gyro sandwich for her. I was at the smiths next door so this was the closest place to pick one up. I walked in and the guy at the counter was playing a game on his phone. He didn't even look up at me when I clearly walked and and said Hi. He also didn't say anything. I picked up a menu and looked through it to see what types of gyros they have. I ordered it and he just stared at me like he was in such a piss poor mood. I was looking around behind him to see if there was a cook or someone else there with him. From what I can see, this jerk was the only one working. I did not want this person touching my food and just already pissed me off with his bad attitude. I started looking through my purse, acting as though I was getting my credit card. I lied and told him I forgot it, and then walked out. I will NEVER EVER go back here..
2	The delivery driver asked me to meet him in the lobby because hotel security wouldn't let him up. I came down to find no security. It was an unnecessary lie to get out of an elevator ride.The pizza was decent. The chicken gyro was the worst thing I've ever been served in my entire life. That is in no way an embellished statement. When I attempted to bite into it, I wasn't sure if it was the pita or my teeth cracking. I checked my teeth, and didn't take another bite. Pita was hard as a rock. Chicken was breaded and deep fried, so it's not really a gyro at all.
1	talk about FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!!  First of all they were rude and tried to rush me off the phone, the guy seemed upset that I wanted to know the total for my bill.  He just wanted me to throw me order at him and then hang up.  When I showed up the order was ready but it took him 5 minutes between texts to put my sandwich and salad in a plastic bag.  They claim to have a 30 inch pizza, the box is big but the pizza didn't even come close to filling it up.  When I got it home for some friends and family that were watching football my son got out the tape measure because he said a 30 inch box would have just fit through the 30 inch door frame and he didn't have to tilt it.  Well sure enough the box is only 28 inches so even if the pizza filled it up it would have been a lie, on top of this the pizza itself was only 24.5 inches and most of that was crust!  It looked pathetic and seemed like they used the same amount of toppings that you would on a regular sized pizza.  One piece in the middle of the pizza didn't even have cheese on it, just sauce and one small piece of chicken!!! I am not going back because even if they offered me free food or something to make up for it, the food and service was terrible.  If you don't believe me, go check out their attitude and take a tape measure in with you and measure the supposed "30 inch" box they have on the wall.
1	Well I made the mistake of not using my trusty YELP app before I ordered from this place. I received a flyer for this restaurant under the door in my hotel room. I called and after a brief and not so friendly conversation with a man on the other end I was told the food would arrive in 30 minutes. When I told him I wanted to pay with a card he upped the price to a random evan dollar amount so that seemed shady in itself. After 1.5 hours I called back to see the status and got some serious attitude from the same guy telling me the delivery boy had 3 other delivers so it was going to take some time and to be patient. 15 minutes AFTER that some tweeker kid shows up with a cold pizza and soggy fried zucchini! Never never never get food from this gross excuse for a restaurant! Soooooooo not work $34 bucks! YUCK!!!
3	A better name for this place would be "Schizophrenic Pizza".  Seriously.  I walked in about a month back and ordered a simple medium pepperoni pizza.  Waited a bit, got my food, and was good to go.  Got home, was treated with the freshest, most wonderful doughy (in a good way) pizza I've had in my eight years in Vegas.  I was so happy.  Finally!  I have found a good pizza place in town!  And it's half a block from my new house!  About a week later, I once again decide to get pizza.  This time, I call ahead.  Medium pepperoni pizza, as always.  I notice the box is different this time around, but think nothing of it.  I get home, open the box... and it's a completely different looking pizza than before.  It's like they took the typical every-fucking-pizza-in-Vegas cardboard awful garbage pizza, threw it in a generic box, and handed it off like nothing was wrong.  I took two bites and thew away the rest.  I was so fucking mad I almost went back to throw it at the employees for sullying the name of what should be a great pizza place.My girlfriend went there last night, and she walked in to order.  And she got.... a pizza much like the first one I had there.  Amazing, fresh, doughy, incredible, awesomeness.  I destroyed my half in about 0.00005 seconds.  It was wonderful.In summary, this is apparently two different places operating out of the same location.  Don't call ahead.  Don't get delivery.  Just walk in, order the pizza, and leave fat and happy.
