5	I recently had a knee surgery here and was definitely impressed. The paperwork process was easy and efficient. Nurses and receptionists were pleasant and comforting. Some were even down right hilarious! I felt calm and welcomed from the moment I walked in. Wait times were minimal and I found the check in process to be painless. Pre and post care nurses were wonderful. Understanding and caring throughout the entire process, they answered all of my questions and made sure I was as comfortable as possible. My privacy was respected throughout the entire process and they were very respectful of my husband as well. If you are referred here, you are in good hands.
5	I absolutely love my experience at this place. I had knee surgery and the pre and post nurses were very very nice. I couldn't have asked for a better experience with surgery. They made me feel as if I wasn't even in a surgery center. Great sense of humor with everyone in this place. Best way to make anyone nervous, feel comfortable. If your referred here for surgery you will be in very good hands. FYI Fridays are usually when kids get their surgery according to the staff. So if you hate crying kids don't go that day.
5	I had surgery here yesterday and cannot begin to describe the level of care I received. Every single member of the staff that I came into contact with made me feel as if I were the only person in there. I was made to feel comfortable and asked several times if I needed anything. After surgery, the post op nurse in the recovery room stayed with me until my husband arrived to take me hope, she also asked several times if I was ok or needed anything. Everyone is so nice and completely put me at ease. I was very nervous as this was my first surgery. I wish I could remember all the nurses names, they all introduced themselves but I was highly drugged. Just overall a spectacular facility.
5	I just had shoulder surgery I everyone Was very professional  and to talk to. The whole experience with this place was awesome and convenient.
5	Amazing care!!! So happy i was sent here for my surgery!!! The nurses were kind and compassionate.  They got me in and out quickly and were very close to the time i was quoted... if need be, i will request this center again!!!
5	I had knee surgery here last week and really appreciated the staff. The nurses were friendly, especially after waking up from the surgery.  They were very compassionate and I felt cared for. They all seemed to have a smile too which made me believe that it was a nice place to work. They also called a few days after the surgery to see how I was doing. My insurance is not covering the surgery which is quite stressful, but they offered to set up a payment plan so I could make monthly payments.
