4	All hospitals should have reviews of 5 stars.  I mean, come on, they're supposed to be saving lives here and helping loved ones cope.  This one was good, but we did run into a few problems along the way, so I just gotta take off a star if I'm going to be objective at all.The good: they saved my mom.  She had a stroke and within 5 minutes of bringing her into the ER, she was diagnosed and started treatment.  Some of the staff was very nice (as if they were treating their own mother), understanding (they let one of us stay the night even though the rules say visiting hours are only between 11am and 8pm plus they let us all visit at the same time even though the rules say only 2 at a time), and knowledgeable (when the initial doctor recommended some very aggressive treatment, one of the other staff schooled us on its actual usefulness and potential and very dangerous side effects).The bad: some of the staff was not very nice and downright rude.  My mom needed her sleep, and one of the nurses would come in almost every hour to do something, like give her some meds, take her blood pressure, or take her blood.  Why couldn't they schedule that all to happen at the same time so my mom could sleep all through the night?  Not only did this nurse come in all the time, but the way she woke up my mom was by turning on the big bright lights over the bed and practically yelling her name.  And the first kid that came to take her blood almost burst a vessel because my mom has bruises up and down her poor little arm.  Not cool, man.  Not cool at all.  That kid was so scared by all the blood, she ran out crying to find another nurse to take the blood for her.  Jebus.The ugly: they could have put my mom in a coma.  I get it, they have a very small window of time to apply certain medication or treatment or whatever, but these doctors have to understand that this isn't a TV show and you can't just throw that kind of pressure on family members who have no idea the damage that something like that could do.  Give us ALL the side effects and potential outcomes.  Another minor point: sometimes the alarms go off and no one comes to check on them.  I'm guessing it's because a lot of them are just little alarms, but they should just get rid of those if they are.  People are trying to sleep and I get that the staff is busy running around and then they don't have a chance to turn them off, but these alarms are going off for several minutes at a time.Given all of that, they still saved my mom and for the most part, treated her (and us) like family, so I still gotta give them a good review.  It ain't perfect and like I said above, all hospitals should have perfect 5 star reviews, but hey, i guess they still did their job.
2	I've been here twice. I came here to visit one of my friends when she gave birth. The maternity ward is pretty nice, from what I remember. It's definitely a step up from UMC.I was a patient here once. It was after 3 am, I was at The Cave, a gay bar back then, with my then-boyfriend. Enter a drunk patron who had been escorted out of the club who then hurled a small boulder at one of the security guards. Only it ricocheted off the guard and into my forehead! Gaping bleeding wounds. I needed stitches. I was in a room at the hospital for about 3-4 hours before I got medical treatment. A male nurse took one look, and muttered something, which I thought was really unprofessional. And why was I waiting for so long if it looked that bad? There were only a few other patients there besides myself. So, that's why I've only been a patient once.
4	I guess it's not pleasant when it comes to review hospitals, probably due to the fact it relates to bad stuff that happened to a person for them to require hospitalization.Anyway, a family member had a medical emergency and had to go the hospital. As you might have heard, medical care in Las Vegas is not really top notch (especially with rating of D-). Anyway, it scared the crap out of me thinking if my relative will get better or worse in one of this hospitals.The first experience was inside the ER. That night ER room was full and there was no available bed when we got there (by paramedic), so we had to wait on the gurney for about 45 minutes before being admitted. While my relative was in O.R., I waited in the surgery waiting room. The room was clean, well lighted, and has a nice flat screen TV with many cable channels you can choose from. It was a nice distraction while waiting for news of your love one. There were restrooms nearby and they were very clean also. After surgery, my relative got put in a private recovery room, which has its own bathroom. I was really surprised how clean and pleasant the room was. I have been to other hospitals before and most of them have that sick odor in the room that just make you sicker. Not this one. The room was so clean and the air was pleasant that help you and your family member feel at easy and comfortable.Except one unfriendly nurse (i don't think she likes her job), all other nurses and doctors I met were very friendly and helpful. I would give them 5 stars if we didn't have to wait so long in the ER room. Other than that, thank you Valley Hospital for doing a good job.
2	Beware!  it seemed to me that most of the employees here didn't want to be here and one triage nurse was so rude and uncaring it was shocking.  Why would a person work in the health care field if they didn't want to help people?  I was told this is a training hospital.  We met a few nurses who were very nice and helpful, but they were few and far between.  One nurse was bragging how happy he was to be leaving in a week.  Once admitted we never even saw a doctor and had to sign an APA form before they would let us leave.  We were so happy to just get out of there.  When we received the bills a week later they were so expensive we thought maybe we had stayed at Johns Hopkins Hospital!  In my opinion, if you have a choice go somewhere else.
1	This hospital sucks. They will keep you here if you have insurance and not feed you or do anything helpful. My aunt came here after the paramedics took her to Sun Rise hospital, but they were full. They kept her here over night.  There were no doctors on the floor to check up on her and the nurses kept telling us the doctor will be in at a certain time and when it came that certain time they told us he'll be in later... and then later turned into "I dont know when the doctor is coming in". This place is very unprofessional.
5	My 1st personal experience (emergency room) here was not good. See original review. My 2nd personal experience was way better (surgery). Is it because they were totally different circumstances? Could be. I had two choices of hospitals, this one and Spring Valley (which is nowhere near my house) where my doctor would do the surgery. I opted for this one, reluctantly. I scheduled the surgery but tried to get an earlier appointment, which I later did (monday versus wednesday- thanks to Nilda at the Womens Cancer Center). I was able to get pre-op done (pre-check-in) on the preceding saturday as a walk-in (but the lab forgot to take a pregnancy test when they drew my blood).  I tried making an appointment on friday (for pre-op) but I left a message with that department and never did get a call back. The lady that assisted us was very nice (there were teen vounteers wearing blue shirts and khaki pants, but since they were new, did not really know anything) and she told us that our payment portion, after insurance, would be a percentage (she printed out a sheet for us). She told us that when we come back to go directly to counter number six (?) for the express check-in. Since we parked in the same parking lot for the emergency entrance (for pre-op), we knew where to go, on monday morning. Sunday was prep day (I won't go into detail, but all I could eat was clear broths, liquids, and jello for the entire day). Monday morning (I'm talking like 5:30 am) was a Operation Central; I swear there were about 15 of us scheduled for surgery! The initial waiting room was filled with people. After express check-in, and a short wait, we were all relocated to the Surgery waiting room. More waiting. My name was finally called. I sprang up, eager to get the whole thing over and done with (wasn't quite sure what would be done, per the doctor's findings at the time of). One nurse prepped me (took my weight, gave me the robe and sheet, etc.) and tried taking a sample for my pregnancy test (that test was forgotten at pre-op; and I was bruised from pre-op). After I was in my bed, another nurse then took over from there. Like I said, there was a bunch of us having surgery, so she was busy (but she was attentive nonetheless). I also then took the blood test (pregnancy), this time on the other arm. (The girl next to me, was having the same operation as me.) The nurse made sure that I was warm enough, with additional blankets. My husband was allowed back to see me, right before surgery. I got the IV here. I met my doctor (who told us that she does two of these surgeries a week, assuring), the anesthesiologist (only male in the bunch), and more nurses in the operating room (smiling faces). I remembered having the bright light in my face for a few seconds (didn't even count and I was out). And when I woke up (the operation was pretty quick), after the doctor said, "Ok, we're all done."  After the last nurse, I remember seeing my husband in the recovery room. I could barely open my eyes (very heavy since I was heavily medicated). My husband said that I was okay- they took one tube, one ovary, and the cyst ( we feared that I would need a complete hysterectomy and go into early menopause, which would require taking hormones along with other issues). The nurse was so helpful with me, as I could barely move without any assistance. My FIL, his wife, my sister, and my mom were able to see me (separately). An elderly volunteer wheeled me out so I could get into the car. A couple weeks later, Maureen called me to see how I was doing- it was nice to get a follow-up call. So, as you can see, I had a totally different experience this time. I am now confident with going to this hospital again, if I ever need surgery again. With the exception of the two snaffus mentioned, the care here was excellent- every person was nice (wish I remembered all the nurses' names) and instrumental in my experience.
1	This would be the last hospital i would ever want to be at. The nurses/doctors were really uncaring non-helpful and wouldn't even talk the time to take a culture to see if i had strep. I had a very bad fever, vomiting for the last 6 hours, and apparently i was not allowed to know my own temperature here. The nurses barely spoke to me and acted like they were bored and wanted to go home rather then sit there with their patient and caringly ask what's wrong. this happened all after coughing up blood in a walgreens bathroom waiting to fill my prescription from another hospital that was just as horrible.. Nevada health care is the worst health care in this country i would have to say. Just horrible! For being someone going into the nursing field i am absolutely appalled.
1	This at first glance looked like a mid to low income type hospital and I know the reviews for these types of places are written by people on the worst day of there lives but as you read my review understand I was there only to visit a friend of a friend and I was having a great day to this point. I was at one lower class facility and it was a state run Veterans Hospital that was built in the 60s. After finding the elevator we rode up with a scary looking guy and a weird looking gurney. My GF whispered I think someone just died and we must not be in the right elevator.They guy said no this a public elevator what floor are you going to? He got out on our floor and that freaked out the GF who started worrying about her friend. (Who was ok and recovering nicely) after visiting for 20 mins we went out to the elevator and there was the guy with a FULL BODY BAG! He smiled and said, "going down?"The cycle of life doesnt bother me. But the lack of respect for the deceased does greatly. They should have closed the doors on the floor and taken the body out to a back/service elevator. If they dont have one available the body could have been moved after visiting hours. But I can imagine that would have cut into their profit margin.If you can go anywhere else I highly recommend trying them first.
1	Until I visited Valley, I was actually in a nursing program at NSC.  My experience here singlehandedly changed all that and made me realize I didn't want to be a nurse.  In the ICU, the nurses are overworked, stressed, and hostile.  During a brief volunteer stint, I witnessed firsthand multiple mix-ups with records, nurses being given WAAAAY more patients than is safe to handle at one time, and nasty attitudes in regard to patient requests.  I don't want to go into too much detail, but suffice it to say that what I saw upset me enough that I immediately switched career paths entirely.  The nurses were MISERABLE.  As a former teacher who was pretty miserable myself in that profession, I couldn't IMAGINE going into a field where I would be equally miserable.  That's the impression this place gave - that it's an awful place to work or be laid up.  It was so bad, in fact, that I contacted hospital administration about some of the awful things I witnessed.  I don't know if it ever came to anything, but I sure hope it did for the sake of the patients.During training to work or volunteer in the Valley Healthcare System, they constantly refer to patients as "consumers" - oh yes, we need to make the "CONSUMERS" happy.  This dehumanizing attitude prevailed throughout my experiences in this hospital.  Patients weren't treated as valuable human beings.  Instead, they were treated like these sick, annoying cash cows for the hospital.  How awful.If you have a choice (and I know sometimes you don't), I'd advise you to choose a different hospital for yourself or your loved ones.  If you're going to be viewed as a consumer - if that's REALLY all you are - then you might as well be an educated one.
1	Horrible, Horrible Horrible..Im from california, drove all the way out here to find out why my grandfather was rushed to emargency, and didnt find out until 2 hours after doctors and nurses passed by me.  This place is the Martin Luther King hospital from L.A,In l.a. we call it "killa-King" because not too many patients make it out
1	This hospital was appalling. My visit started with admitting, where they misplaced my paperwork and I had to call my doctor to tell them the problem, who in turn, got the supervisor in admitting to all of a sudden locate the orders that had been faxed to them twice.  Really??  Upon arrival for the surgery, my admission was slowed down by lack of information because for some reason, two days later, my per-op information was not completely entered into the system. Entering the prep room, the nurse inserting the IV poked and missed so many times my vein collapsed and my hand swelled up like a football and they had to move to the other hand, all the while, all she could talk about was the tatto on my wrist, which is a memorial to my son who had recently passed. This, of course, upsetting, depressing, and irritating me right before surgery. Again, really??  Upon waking in recovery, I had major spinal surgery. My entire lower lumbars were fused with an unbelievable amount of hardware. My surgeon, who is not a resident doctor there, was wonderful. Sorry to say, this hospital was too far under his league of expertise. I woke from surgery to an 10 inch incision in my abdominal area and an 8 inch incision in my back, 42 staples, and an indescribable level of pain. I was given no pain control whatsoever. I laid in recovery like this for 9 hours before I was given a room. In the meantime, my husband and other son were waiting in the waiting room for 15 hours at this point, not being told anything about my condition, and when asked, they were told I just went home by a nurse who was impatient and uncaring and didn't bother to check for them. They had to ask another nurse, who finally found out that I finally got into a room, and was told a room number and I was there. They got to the room to find I was not only not there, but it wasn't even my room. When they finally got the right room, they sat and waited there because I wasn't even out of recovery yet. Incompetent.  Once in my room, the nurses were huffy, uncaring, impatient and rude. I was left with no pain control for 24 hours before my surgeons assistant came and took care of it herself. Every time I needed assistance, I had to call for a nurse repeatedly, only to get results when I became loud out of pain and frustration. Every person there during my visit was incompetent, rude, obviously hated their jobs, uncaring, in compassionate, and god forbid if it was time for a shift change. Never, in my life, will I ever, ever, EVER recommend this cold, heartless, thoughtless, rude, uncaring, in compassionate so called hospital/staff.  They should all be put in front of the board and the building should be shut down. I will refuse to even die there. I'd chose the gutter first, the rats would be of more assistance and compassion than Valley Hospital in Las Vegas.
4	I don't know about the bad rap, and I'm glad I didn't look at hospital ratings on deciding where my  grandma in law is going because I would have been worried for nothing. My MIL had a good experience here before so she had Grans sent to this ER. The people were nice in the ER and sincere, but it was terribly slow. It seemed like there was a lot of beds and they did run some tests on grandma that a neurologist had to see to figure out what happened, so I wasn't expecting it to be speedy....BUT...... sitting on a stiff chair for 12 hours to a inconclusive answer is kinda a long wear on us. They told us they were transferring her up to a bed in the hospital since she was stable, but needed more test in the morning and observation. It took 2 hours from the time we were told until she got moved up. Once there on the 3rd floor wing though, the stay was fairly pleasant. The nurses were definitely very good. Our main nurse Sua was kind, observant and quick to act on things, but the other ladies on the wing were also helpful should we need anything. Grandma and my MIL really liked the Neurologist, Dr Zift too. A little bit of kindness and consideration goes a very long way in keeping everyone calm and patient while they helped reach a diagnosis. Also I appreciated while there is a 2 person limit usually, no one was kicking me out of the  for being the extra and being just her grandsons girlfriend. They understood with the circumstance of really not knowing what the hell is going on at first and grandma not fully cognitive that it was important to us to be there. In case you know, it was life ending stuff. And really what does one extra person standing in the corner gonna hurt? It encouraged grandma to see all of us, when she could make sense. Based on the diagnosis and the needed recovery, they got us a case worker that transferred her to a rehabilitation center so she only stayed 2 days in the hospital room. Maybe this isn't the best hospital around, but certainly not the worst. I think if I was sick I would probably go to here than it's neighbor, UMC based on the caring aspect of the staff. Neither are speedy, but that seems par for the course with most hospitals.
2	I would start by giving the nurses here 5 stars. I had two out patient surgeries and both times I had fantastic nursing care. Now the bad- Pre Op- I was given a packet and told to go from department to department getting my pre op stuff done. I went to cardiology for an EKG and sat for two hours. They have one machine for the hospital, so the tech and machine were being taken to the ER constantly while I sat and waited. They said I could come back the day of my surgery and hope it gets done (uh no!) or wait. I waited, then they called a woman who came in 30 minutes after me. I asked the lady at the desk to please take me first and she shrugged. I was so furious that I loudly announced to the tech that I was next and she ignored me!! When it was my turn I confronted the tech about the rude treatment and she pretended to not hear me!! Check in day- I get my paper work from the check in desk and read it over while walking to outpatient surgery. They had me scheduled for the wrong surgery!! The doctors orders were all right in my chart,but whatever the paperwork at the desk  was, was wrong- very scary to think!!Post Surgery- The person wheeling me to the car was rude. I just had back surgery and was doped up and extremely nauseous. He was chatty and I politely told him that I did not want to chat because I was not feeling well. He pushed me so fast down the hall that I had to ask him to slow down, which he did not!! My second surgery was sudden and I had one days notice to get it scheduled. I was told to show up at the hospital at 5am the following day. I called them and asked if I needed to redo my preop work since I had just had surgery there a few weeks before.  The woman on the phone said no, I would be ok. I show up at  5am and sat in admitting,waiting for them to open the desk. I observed security and a janitor talking about drugs that they saw in the corner of the waiting area. They looked, agreed it was drugs, and kept walking. I finally check in and they tell me to go get preop blood work done. It's now 5:30,surgery is at 7. I was told to be in the surgery area by 6:30. I go to the lab down the hall and a girl tells me they are closed for lunch and I would have to wait until the tech comes back. I sat until 6:45,when the desk clerk came in, furious at the blood techs for not taking me. All of a sudden someone was available. I rush over to the surgery area and I am greeted by nurses yelling at me for being late!! I tried to explain and no one really cared, they were all mad! After that point all of my care was great and the nurses were as friendly as always. I understand how a late patient can throw off the day, but there needs to be better communication between departments. I was already stressed and scared about my surgery. I did not need the pressure of running around last minute and then being yelled at. I would return here if I had a doctor who needed to use this hospital. I do not think that I would ever use the ER here unless I had to.
4	ER visit was the best it could be under the circumstances...Nurses were awesomeDr's explained things and actually cared,...took the time to answer any questionsQuick attention for me as I came in by ambulance Much, MUCH better experience than the fiasco at Sunrise hospital recently.
1	Don't go there!I had my surgery a few months ago.  It was a horrible experience for me and because of their mistakes, I had to not only take more time to heal, I lost my job.  The guy who was to help me out of bed and get me to walk pulled my gown so hard and tight that he pulled my drainage tube 95% out the day aftery surgery...he was non apologetic, he just didn't care..and the nurse that came after our walk was in shock as to what he had done. She ran to get the head nurse because I bled all over my bed...the fear was that there may be an infection because of what he had done.  It caused me to ruin my furniture when I got home because I wouldnt stop bleeding/draining. My bed and coutch were ruined. While I was at the hospital, When I needed a nurse I would push the button...but rarely did they come when I called, I learned that if I crawled out of bed to the bathroom, there was an emergency button there that I could push and they would come running..   The nurses are overworked and hostile..the environment is non caring...I was treated as if I was an inconvenience. I was not treated as a person who just had MAJOR surgery, I was treated as if I was a 3 day stay at a cheap hotel.  The cleaning staff went through my things when they thought I was asleep, they even sat and watched TV.  The nurse who took me off my drip, forgot to put me in manually for my pain medicine every few hours, by that afternoon I was in sooooo much pain.  The head nurse and the AM nurse argued in my room over this.  My surgery was lumbar fusion, so I was cut on the front and back sides of me...it was painful to say the least.  I got my morning pain medicine at 8am, and got my next dose manually that evening.  it was horrible. Lets talk about food.  When laying in a bed, if there is a tray put on the rolling tray holder you cannot see it.  Some Blonde with a major attitude the 1st morning after my surgery walked into my room and and quipped "Oh, not hungry or are we just on a fat loss regime today?"  I was not at all happy with her comments, 1st of all, I didn't even know food was up there, no one told me food had arrived...because of my oxygen tube I couldn't smell. She had no right to make a rude comment which made me feel Fatter than I already am... later that afternoon more food came, she just dropped it on the rolling tray holder, then pushed it away against the wall while she straightened up...then left!  I pushed the nurses button for over an hour, finally when they arrived the nurse brought over the tray.  COLD mush is NOT an option...COLD coffee..no offer to get fresh food...I ended up not eaying till 2 days after my surgery...The STAFF does NOT care!  I wrote a detailed letter to the CEO, Head Nurse and the hospital administrator after I got home.  The CEO responded back to me a few weeks later apologizing and saying he will make sure there is more training for the nurses and staff. That's it??  Never offering to replace my furniture, or asking me what the hospital could do to make things better for me.  Now a few months later, I am healing, but I have no job to look forward to returning to because my FMLA ended too soon for me.  I spent over 2000.00 for new furniture. Both of these things would not have been an issue had the staff been attentive and not reckless.  I have heard from many people that they also had bad experiences at Valley Hospital.  I wish I would have known this beforehand.  I would have chosen another hospital to care for me.  After all....it's about a healthy life.ps...there was an intern there who was very sweet, and even ran to the cafeteria to get me a cold diet coke...she mentioned that she may quit soon because she didn't want to become a hostile nurse like the ones who had been caring for me.  She was very afraid, and I wish her the best in her decision.
1	I just asked to get a simple phone call once my father was out of ER and she straight up told me, "I'm sorry, we don't make any calls." Hahahaha. A+ Valley. A+ to you.Lemme just add that I've been here before and never have I heard of this place not making any calls.I'm thinking she's too lazy to do her job.Come to think of it, half of the staff here is not nearly as nice as Desert Springs Hospital.
2	Suck Suck Suck!  If you are having a baby steer clear of this facility..particularly if it is your first baby.  There are few and far between nurses and admin that make up for this crappy experience.  But the far more prevalent culture of employees who think they know you better than you and are snobby little bitches are in your face 24 hours a day!  I had to contact the hospital administrator just to get these placating women to do very simplistic things!  They DO NOT listen to you, they deliver things 4 hours or more late (if they "remember" at all), they actually begrudge you if you stay more than 24 hours and they WILL go behind your back and do what you specifically asked them not to with YOUR child!  They will also not suggest things they COULD and SHOULD do for you because of the "extra" work.  What "extra" work?  YOUR A NURSE!!!  I found these things out when the good ones came in and said things like "where is your "such-n-such" haven't they given you one yet?" and they would run to get whatever it was....but this was after the shift change where before you had been complaining of pains or concerns for hours and no one did anything about it!  Then they will sneer at you to your face if you ask them direct and simple questions like "How is my baby doing?"  These people need some serious training or firing!  Only a select few Makayla (lactation specialist), Mary (Nurse), and middle eastern nurse (sorry I forgot your name) and a VERY few others gave me reason not to fail this hospital entirely.  Here is a concrete example of why I hate lazy or stubborn or vindictive "professionals."  I was not producing enough colostrum (pre-milk), so the pediatrician on-call suggested I supplement.  I expressed that it was my wish that my child be breast-fed only, but she never mentioned that I COULD use the hospital pump.  Later on (after missing two feeding times another nurse asked if I'd like to and I said I would.  A friend of the family who has been a long time maternity nurse told me over the phone that they should have brought me a pump right away and that if I went too many feedings without breast milk that my child would maybe not take to the breast at all, that my milk could dry out and not to listen to these nurses who were trying to shove supplement down my throat as well as my baby's.  Sure enough my nursery nurse was CONVINCED that supplement would "cure" my infants slight Jaundice.  So she (against my very clear request fed my baby by the bottle BEFORE bringing her to me to try and breast feed first!  I had to beg for bottles to express milk into, then I had to get out of bed hours after delivery and walk down to the nursery (where I wasn't getting a very welcoming vibe) and basically watch to make sure they were feeding it to her!  A nightmare!  They could have ruined my chances of breastfeeding my own child and deigned her all the wonderful bonding and benefits that breastfeeding offers.  All because they didn't like me staying as long as my daughter or getting into what they obviously considered to be "their" business.  I'm sorry.  You have MY daughter in your nursery.  YOU WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE!    And you had better answer me when I ask you what is going on with her!  In short, unless you yourself are already well educated in hospital terminology and have been through what you are being admitted for more than once before, I strongly recommend going somewhere else, because these people will not aide you in getting the most out of your hospital stay and by doing so could adversely affect your health.  There are simply not enough of them that listen to the patient.
5	Great Response and attention to Detail. I'm grateful for people that care and want to be here. Great Staff. Thank You.
4	This place was great! The staff on the 2nd and 3rd floors were beyond knowledgeable. The night nurses Pat and Pam were the nicest and helpful people. The residents are really green though, and not sure of themselves. The nurses know their stuff and you should take whatever they tell you as the truth.
1	worst hospital in Vegas went there for a TDR total disk replacement . my surgeon was good but the Nurses are deplorable especially one named Richard who only complained about his personal life and had skin coming off his hands and could not get meds to people on time . i had to call the charge nurse so many times on Richard it was a hassle . i will not be using this hospital in the future . PS: Richard works in the in patient area he has got to be the worst excuse for a nurse i have ever seen and should be fired .
4	I know people only tend to comment on bad experiences and not on good on here. So i'll give them a good review. I came here to get my gallbladder removed and stayed for about 4 days. All the nurses were nothing but nice to me, everyone who ran tests on me were also nice. the doctors that came in to tell me about my surgery were great and kept me calm, and apparently my surgeon was good since the surgery was successful. Only thing is they gave me about 3 unnecessary morphine shots which i think they did to run up my medical bill. And thats why i put 4 stars instead of 5. But at the end of the day i'm healthy again. Thanks Valley Hospital
1	The Word? AWFULThe Word? Uncaring helpThe Place? Valley Hospital Wouldn't want to be caught near death there. Ever! Had a very unsatisfactory 'stay' there 2 years ago when I had surgery for a Stent implant. Placed in regular ICU instead of Surgical ICU, with a constantly beeping machine in my room; got no sleep at all, had 3 really rude nurses, with one placing a used urinal on my food tray and leaving it there next to food. Extremely UNHELPFUL ICU supervisor as well. And, very unfriendly, much like a non-caring ROBOT. Worst hospital in America. The word? DreadfulThe Place? Valley Hospital and Medical Center
1	Well, after reading some of the reviews dating back a couple of years, it seems like not much has changed at this hospital, Valley.  I had the misfortune of being taken here by ambulance/LV Fire and Rescue 3 days ago.  I was having all the symptoms of an impending seizure (dots and auras) so rather than risk having the seizure at home, we called 911 and got the great paramedics from LV Fire and Rescue (they get 5 stars and then some)  Once we got to Valley, I was wheeled into the ER and sort of just left right in the doorway while they waited to get me checked in...so while I was laying there I had the opportunity to just kick back and watch the goings on.....My first impression---I told my husband verbatim....I don't like this place, I want to go home now.  I have NEVER seen anything like it.....the guy next to me was I swear drinking some sort of alcoholic beverage from his fast food beverage cup, I could smell it......a patient getting drunk in the ER....Really??????There is absolutely NO privacy for the patients....side curtains only....no front drawn curtains......beds are lined up EVERY WHERE....Mine was directly across from where the docs were doing their dictation on patients and I swear I have never heard doctors badmouth so many patients in my life.......Seriously.....The nurses (and I use that term  loosely, were all just standing around badmouthing everyone they had come in contact with.....I never really saw any of them working....my doc said that since I hadnt gone into a full fledged seizure, it was not an emergency and I could go home....I asked for something for a massive headache that I got, he forgot to order anything.....so my husband finally had to go ask him..,mind you I was only about 6 feet away from him the entire time....he asked a nurse to get me a pill,, which was the only time I saw her....she brought the pill and the discharge papers at the same time....and I was released....this was such a wasted trip....no labs drawn, no exam of the head, no ct, no nothing.....just it's not an emergency, here's a pill, now get the hell out.....I would rather die than come back here....and I never will come back....oh and I almost forgot, had to go to the restroom before I left....OMG...it was FILTHY.....dried urine on the floor and on the toilet seat, NO DOOR LOCK ON THE DOOR (really).....nothing like a disgusting restroom in a place that supposed to be clean like no other.....Wow.......Ok, so I gave it one star but truthfully IF I could, it would get Minus 5......Beware...Find another  place to go....Sunrise, Desert Springs, Any of the St. Rose hospitals are EXCELLENT....Think twice before coming here, unless you want docs who badmouth patients, nurses who give you a dirty look when you ask a question, dirty rooms, and no privacy at all.....You want all that, then this is the place for you.....For me? Never again....EVER....
3	These nurses are undervalued! They hate their jobs and are vocal about it to patients. I will say Terry, Jissy and Marisa in MICU are phenomenal! And Dr Fiekes the Cardio Surgeon too. Although sometimes it felt like when my family and I asked questions the nurses besides the named above were insulted that we asked and irritated to answer the question. I even asked some Qs about after my dad was discharged and they told me not to worry bout it, um seriously? That response alone makes me worry. One nurse kept talking to my dad during her shift after it took her about 45 minutes to bring a pain pill for a headache the night before major surgery, he even told her repeatedly that he was trying to sleep, eventually he got rude about it, but come on, if some one in pain the night before surgery doesn't want to small talk with you can't you just respect that, she kept saying he needed rest we
1	very poor hospital. they just glanced at me & the fuckin bitch nurse ripped the iv out of my arm when i went over the weekend.
