4	This little sandwich shop is a lifesaver at 3:00 AM when you're hungry. Open 24 hours, the Panini sandwiches they make are pretty damn good, but the Chicken is by far the best of the bunch.They also have lots of home made baked goodies like brownies, rice krispy treats, and cake. Pudding too. It's really everything you need if you're just hungry.It's a little cramped and they always have the TV blasting music videos, but whatever. It's nice to know it's there.
4	Want a lunch on the run? Joes Panini is the place to go. This little shop dishes out tasty panini sandwiches.Located in the heart of downtown, just off of Sainte-Catherine Joes is a 24hour panini shop that will feed your appetite. Paninis are $5.50 each  (tax included) and their menu has 18 varieties. From Salami, charcoal burger, tuna salad, grilled chicken, roast beef, philly cheesteak, and B.L.T - just to name a few.For $9.00 - you can get a Trio: Panini, pop/water and salad. For my lunch I chose a Philly Cheese w/pop + macaroni salad. Within a couple of minutes my order was ready. A decent size sandwich served on a fresh baguette loaf smothered in cheese, steak and grilled onions. Great for a lunch.They also have fresh baked goods like cookies, muffins, rice krispy squares all on site.As noted by other reviewers: TV is loud playing music videos.
4	I went back again for lunch today and decided to take Alex K suggestion and try the grilled chicken panini. It was great!I may have to start trying out all of their panini's to see which is the best.
5	Best panini in Montreal, especially for the price! I come to joes a lot either during breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night, since they are always open. My favorite is the spicy chicken, but I have tried almost all the sandwiches and they are all very good.They are fast with their service and just a chill laid back atmosphere. Like other yelpers said, the tv could be blasting very loud much vibe and there aren't many seats, but the food is definitely worth it.
5	Great Panini's. Stop here and get the grilled chicken. It was awesome.
4	Stopped in at about 1 am as it was just down the street from our hotel Had the grilled chicken Very tasty, fast and for a great price! Good stuff
5	Man, they make good paninis! It's cheap, always open, and provides fast service too. Conveniently located downtown, it's a hotspot for late night run-ins after an evening out. They have a few tables and seats so it can get somewhat cramped and tight, I find that it's better for take out. My recommendations = Anything chicken! I'm a huge fan of their spicy chicken and their grilled chicken. Can't go wrong with those. If you've got a sweet tooth too, they bake home made treats like brownies, cake, pudding, and so much more. Joe's Panini can definitely satisfy any appetite. Bon appetit!
3	You won't be swept away by the sandwiches at Joe's Panini, but it is still a standout in our downtown core, especially if you want a quick bite on-the-go (they wrap the sandwiches well enough not to spill anything on your business attire).
4	Subway can't hold a candle to this place!  I was surprised how great their paninis are for $5,50.  High Quality ingredients for the price too.
4	With a bit of time between checking out from the hotel and my departure flight, I needed a nibble. Joe's to the rescue with a hot and toasty panini sandwich. The dude (yes, dude is the right word here) spoke perfect English when I asked him what was good today. The spicy chicken was his recommendation and I grabbed a bottle of water to go with it.And then I went to my wallet. Oops - no Canadian cash left. No worries, he let me pay with American. Your mileage may vary.The sandwich was excellent. The right size and with a good amount of chicken and spiciness.On the minus side of the equation, there was no wifi in the place and the table where I sat was sticky. Minor details.
4	Pretty good sandwhiches. Its good place to go late night because its open 24 hours. Its not very high end but its a very good tasting snack. I would recommend the spicy chicken sandwich.
4	wow!  the spicy chicken pannini was fantastic!  BLT was also delicious.  Outstanding take out, but there are also some tables if you're lucky
4	This is a great place for lunch! Affordable too! A good size panini will cost you $5.50 tax IN! You can also get a Trio for $9.00 tax IN! That will get you any panini of your choice, a canned drink or bottle of water, and either a small side salad, soup of the day, a bag of chips, or a cookie.Lots of options for the panini's: - spicy chicken - grilled chicken - turkey- ham - tuna or egg salad - meatball- BBQ rib, etc.All panini's come automatically with lettuce, cheese, and tomato, so if you do not want any of these toppings on your sandwich - be sure to let them know when you order. Also, they do have brown bread for the panini's but you need to tell them when you order otherwise they will give you white bread by default. The place is suuuuuper small. It fits about 10 people snugly. If they are busy, there may not be any available places to sit... it is sort of 'that' small. Very casual environment. DOES NOT TAKE CREDIT CARD THOUGH! They only take Interac or cash. Definitely return-worthy!
4	A recent discovery while on a 3am quest for food and really happy about it. Their sandwiches are delicious and cheap. Now I can have late night food other than 99-cent pizza & shawarma!
5	I picked up a chicken panini from here on St. Patty's day. Oh MAN was that ever a good move! We had taken them back to my buddy's apartment, re-warmed them (was rly  cold outside) and had them with a nice stout.You know that happiness you get when you just ate something filling, delicious and healthy? Not like that disgusting bloated feeling you get after downing a row of oreos or scarfing a Big Mac trio. I'm looking forward to the next time I can relive that experience.
4	It's bare bones, that's why it's such a great value. His overhead can't be that bad that's why he doesn't have to pass those expenses along to the customer.Great value, super fresh - I would not sit down and eat there (if you can - limited seating). I also won't use the W/C - definitely questionable.Great for grabbing a meal on the run. Probably the reason Mister L's (formerly on Crescent Street) didn't make it. Way way better selection here.
4	Very, very good paninis. Had the trio combo for $10, included a salami panini, a drink and some wonderful chicken noodle soup (very spicy). Limited seating, great for a quick lunch though.
3	I went to this Joe's Panini at about 4:00 am Sunday morning after a long Saturday night in Montreal and there was still quite a line up of people.The line moved pretty quickly though. These guys got it down to a science! I ordered a grilled chicken Panini which came to $6 (including the $0.50 fee for Interac). A real bargain. I do realize I went at an odd hour but the food was sub par. The chicken was very dry and had minimal toppings.In short, service and price were great. The food itself knocks it down a notch for me though to a 3 star rating. If you're in a pinch for food and running out of cash and or time, Joe Panini will do but I'll do a bit more searching for something a bit tastier next time...
4	Just a tiny little storefront dishing out fresh and good sandwiches downtown, and a welcome relief from the chains that abound around the mall labyrinth of that area. The trio with a salad is a tasty good deal, I was pleasantly surprised by the light non-goopiness of my little bowl of quinoa and by the pile of veggies on my salami sandwich. The reviews on this little shop won't lead you astray, this is just a friendly place to grab a quick light lunch and get on with your day.
4	Enjoyed there veggie panini. We had it on brown bread with and without mayo (I liked with, she liked it without).Good friendly people. Good for breakfast.
3	Tuna panini was delish but not filling. $5.50 is not thaaaat cheap but considering how friggin expensive food here is... I guess it's like buying 2 bagels from Tim Hortons. Only take it to-go because the place is TINY despite the seemingly large storefront.
4	Excellent sandwiches at very fair prices. You can't go wrong with the spicy chicken panini!
3	With a slogan advertising themselves as the best panini in Montreal, I was hoping for something remarkable. Yes the panini was good, decent selection of sandwiches and sides and it's awesome that they're open 24h, but it remains just good, nothing special.Best to grab and go, as there's not much seating and this small joint looks rather dreary. Also, super noisy tv or radio blaring 90's hits.I found the panini quite small so this is ideal as a snack or lunch. For the same price and simplicity of ingredients, I think I'd just prefer getting a 12 inch Subway where I can at least get a bit of zing from the sauce.There's actually a restaurant in the Eaton Centre food court called "Panini" that serves a much more delicious version with garlic mayo, which makes all the difference.No free wifi, and they don't accept credit cards. Boo.
5	All I have to say is, WOW! After a long night of NYE partying at New City Gas, my starving friends and I decided to pop into Joe's for a quick bite before bed. First thing I did was grab a water to rehydrate from a long night of dancing to house music. The water was crisp, cold, refreshing, just what I needed to start my meal of right.Next I went to order, this was a big part of my dining experience. Being an American speaking no French I asked the friendly worker for help. He guided me towards the Philly Cheese, and I grateful accepted his suggestion. As my friends and I waited for out panini's to be prepared, I got to hear one of thief stories about him driving out of Montreal to hook up with a girl he met from the club, really spiced up the pre meal anticipation. Then it happened. "Philly number ninety three!" I raced over to grab my sandwich with my stomach growling. I unwrapped the tin foil and got right into it, and all I can say is just WOW. The balanced of the flavones, the streak, the bread, the cheese!  We all are our panini's with pure joy in our hearts for the next 20 minutes. From here we thanked the friendly staff for an incredible meal and continued on to bed. Upon waking up in the morning and talking about breakfast options there was only one place to go, Joe's. I got my spicy chicken and we headed on our long journey home. No Montreal trip is complete without a stop at here. Long live Joe's Panini!
4	Excellent lunch place downtown with hot paninis, made to order for only 5 bucks including tax! Did I mention this place is open 24 hours? Has to be downtown's best kept secret.
5	Great bang for the buck. Delicious grilled sandwiches for pretty cheap, definitely a better alternative to Subway. Oh and they're open ALWAYS.
4	I grabbed a quick meal there while doing Christmas shopping; low 'n behold they managed to cram even more variety in this tiny little eatery.What's still a constant is value for the $.
4	My boyfriend and I randomly chose a breakfast place to grab some food before we hiked up Mount Royal. I decided to come here since I saw that Jennifer K has been here.We settled on splitting a ham and cheese panini and a chocolate croissant. The ham and cheese panini was nothing to rave about. However, the chocolate croissant was awesome! There was just the right amount of fillings and it wasn't overly sweet. The top of the croissant was perfectly crunchy. It was so good, we had to come back here before we left Montreal just to buy two more chocolate croissant.
4	Great selection of Panini's for only $5.50 - or make it a trio with a variety of salads or deserts. The sandwiches are made to order, and they are made with fresh ingredients. The bacon is thick and crunchy just how I like it. Great place for a quick bite! Great service with a NYC ambiance
4	I landed this place by luck! and am happy about it. They have great sandwiches, and many veggie options too. I tried gingembre sesame tofu and it was awesome!  The staff is pretty friendly too. The place is small but food is good and reasonably priced, also its 24hrs.
5	Hands down the best sandwich I've ever had. If you're looking for some good eats in downtown Montreal I would definitely recommend this place. Open 24 hours can't get better than that.
3	Vraiment bon vraiment rapideLe seul mauvais point: la musique est beaucoup trop forte il est impossible de s'entendre parler
4	Cheap , fast and good quality Panini's. Small shop with a hole in the wall feel and a large open door.
4	It was 3 am on a Saturday.Hungry and in need for a snack. I was glad to find Joe's Panini using my Yelp App.Opens 24 hours!It was just packed inside with hungry post party goers all in a good mood.My Philly Cheesesteak Panini ($5.50) did take awhile to be ready but definitely worth the wait!
5	I've tried many of the sandwiches and they're all good, plus it's open 24 hours so it's perfect as a late-night snack
2	-small and under staffed-not worth the wait in line... panini was average.-good price ...$5 for panini-not enough space inside so you will wait outside and be pushed at the door (when you finally get there) by the people leaving.
4	Pretty good. 24hours and reasonably priced. Should try the Spicy Chicken Panini (5$) or Spanakopita (2$). Good drunk or hangover food
4	Their whole menu is delicious and seriously affordable. I would reccomend their mac&cheese to go! The restaurant is small and they play MTV music on the TV very loudly so I would say order the food to go and enjoy it in a calmer setting. The service is consistently friendly!
4	Talk about awesome sandwich! Can't get enough of their paninis and all of it are at a reasonable price! Service is great too! This is probably the only place that I would recommend to my friends about getting a delicious sandwich.
4	Might be the only place downtown where you can get a meal for under $10. Simple, tasty sandwiches made to order and served hot - the menu doesn't list all the fillings in each sandwich but the staff are polite so I'm sure you can ask! (They're pretty efficient, though, so I wouldn't hold up the line with too many questions.)Tons of options, considering how small the place is - they've got endless beverage options, a huge menu of sandwiches, and almost any side you could ask for. Salads, desserts, soup, chips... the only thing I haven't noticed yet is a green salad. Definitely a good option if you want a quick, inexpensive meal. You might be lucky enough to get a table, but I'd plan to take my lunch to go in case the place is busy.
