4	A great movie theater that plays some very good, obscure films, you know the ones, they win awards, but don't tend to get much play at the more mainstream theaters.  Combine the avant-garde movies  with the fact that Ballantyne Village Theatre serves real food, wine and beer, has plush leather seats (with fold up arm rests) and you have more than just a nice evening at the cinema.  The Ballantyne Village Theatre is a great place to take a date, maybe not a first date, but a girl who you know and who shares an interest in good, thought provoking films.  I've seen a few, off the beaten path flicks here, like "Volver" and "There will be Blood" and "The Host".  Its cool how the theater is located on the 3rd level of Ballantyne Village and you have to go up several flights of single track escalators to get there,  Going to the Ballantyne Village theater is an all around experience.  Give it a shot the next time you and your better half want to see a good movie.
5	Not only can you catch a good movie here, but the view is great too.  This theater is located on the third floor of the Ballantyne Village so it offers a great view of the surrounding area while you are waiting for your movie to start.  I love that they offer  the kind of movies that the regular theaters pass on.  The kind that are good, but few people see them.  They also have a "Retro Series" where they have special showings for older movies on the weekends.  But the best part is the food.  They have everything you could ever want to eat at the movies (even sushi), also a full bar with a nice selection of wine and beer.  The people here are really friendly and willing to do about anything to make your night better, which I really liked.
5	My boyfriend and I ventured to Ballantyne (which is kind of a whole different world) last weekend to see "Choke." I love this theater. The only downside is that it's so far away from Uptown. If you've got the gas, it's worth the drive to see a good art, foreign or indie film there. The decor is very chic and the concession stand offers gourmet food, wine and beer in addition to your normal fare (popcorn, candy, etc.) The super-clean theaters have comfy seats. Next I hope to check out one the theater's retro series.
5	The best part about this place is that they occasionally play old school movies like Pulp Fiction and even some Mel Brooks movies.  They serve wine inside as well and the theater is very clean.  The seats are plush and comfortable, the guests are friendly.  The desserts here are great, but I usually don't like to interrupt the movie by getting up for snacks.  That's why I usually only have a drink or two while I am here.  It's okay, because it prevents a bunch of loud drunk people.
5	One of the few places in Charlotte where you can see an indie or foreign film They serve wine which is a plus! The seating is comfy and the crowd is mature, no noisy teenagers on a Friday night!
3	The Ballantyne Village Theatre was a welcome addition to the Charlotte theaters when it opened because it was going to carry independent films that, up until that time, only the Manor's two theaters carried.  (Now Park Terrace carries some, too.)  The theater itself, though, was quite disappointing.  I guess because I had higher expectations.  With all the hubbub, I thought the theater was going to be high-class.  It turned out to be only average.  There isn't much decor to speak of (especially within each individual theater), and their lounge isn't really conducive to experiencing the wine and beer bar they touted.  They also charge extra for "special" seats in the theaters, so I always witness a problem between the staff and customers or between customers and customers before the movie starts.  And, lately, they've been carrying mainstream films (The Dark Knight, anyone?).  Sigh... All in all, while it's nice to have another theater in Charlotte that carries independent films, it's usually not worth the additional drive out to Ballantyne because the theater could have been better.
4	If you're in the Ballantyne area and you are fixin' to see a flick, definitely check out Ballantyne Village Theatres. Hop on the escalator, take the elevator, or, gasp, walk up the three flights to get to this sweet theatre. You can expect tons of showtimes and a nice array of films, ranging from blockbusters to indie darlings. It's also a Regal theater, so make sure to bring your Regal card to grab your points for free snack-a-roos and tix. And, probably my husband's favorite part of the theater? They serve beer and wine. Woot! I've also heard that you can get tasty food here too (pizza, sushi, etc), but I didn't indulge this time. Some of the most important things, though, the popcorn was hot and fresh, the theater seats were comfy and the theater and bathrooms were clean. That's really all you can ask for in a movie theater!
5	This is my new favorite theater in Charlotte.No crowds, very comfortable seating, and a good selection of independent films.On this visit, we were greeted by a very friendly "ticket taker", which really helped start this very nice experience.The theater was empty in the lobby with the exception of the concession employee, who seemed very eager to make sure that we had wine, food  or drinks for the movie.The theater only had two other couples in our movie, which was very nice......it was very quite and seemed as if it were our own "private viewing" of the movie.The seats recline, which is a very nice bonus if you get stuck in a boring movie.  Usually the movies playing here are very entertaining, and since it is more comfortable than the other theater seating choices, it is easier to just relax instead of trying to constantly move to find a comfortable spot in your seat without going numb while watching a movie.I look forward to watching my next movie here......NCFoodGuy
4	This is my new favorite theater in Charlotte.No crowds, very comfortable seating, and a good selection of independent films.On this visit, we were greeted by a very friendly "ticket taker", which really helped start this very nice experience.The theater was empty in the lobby with the exception of the concession employee, who seemed very eager to make sure that we had wine, food  or drinks for the movie.The theater only had two other couples in our movie, which was very nice......it was very quite and seemed as if it were our own "private viewing" of the movie.The seats recline, which is a very nice bonus if you get stuck in a boring movie.  Usually the movies playing here are very entertaining, and since it is more comfortable than the other theater seating choices, it is easier to just relax instead of trying to constantly move to find a comfortable spot in your seat without going numb while watching a movie.I look forward to watching my next movie here......NCFoodGuy
3	I had been coming to this theater for years - well before Regal purchased it. Things haven't changed too much except that they don't do the summer retro film series anymore and that's too bad.  For $5, we saw films I was too young to originally see in the theater - like Jaws, Monty Python and the Holy Grail (always attracted a big crowd),some cheesy 80's horror movies, Reservoir Dogs, etc.Other than that, it's really not noticeable that Regal operates it except for being able to get points on your Crown Club card.  They generally show more independent and artsy films, but this is Ballantyne.  The area is quite the opposite of artsy and that's likely why the theater is usually empty.  It's cool that you can grab a beer or wine that you can bring in with you, but it's expensive.  The theater is also on the 3rd floor and if the balcony is open on a nice warm evening, you can see the skyscrapers in the distance, and watch the people at the restaurants below.  It's not a bad theater at all - but it's also one I usually don't think about going to unless the movie isn't playing anywhere else.Oh, and don't pay the extra for the "luxury" seats.  There is less room between them, so they aren't as comfortable.  Also, since they are closer together, if anyone sits behind you they will kick your chair more than usual.
4	This is a nice alternative to the big multiplex at Stonecrest.  It is probably my favorite theatre in terms of comfort.  It is a great alternative when you want to head out to the movies but aren't in the mood to put up with crowds of kids. Also,  I like the selection of  indie and foreign films.  It is cool to be able to enjoy an adult beverage without resorting to sneaking them in like we did when we were rebellious teenagers!
4	Cool on the third floor of Ballantyne Village.  Nice looking place!  The movies I have seen here:  There Will Be Blood, Butterfly and the Diving Bell, Trust and today: Horrible Bosses!
4	I like Ballantyne Village Theatre because they often show movies that are not showing elsewhere, except the Manor.  On this visit, I saw George Clooney's new movie, The Descendants and the theater was packed.  It certainly pays to arrive early in order to select your seats.  You can sit in the red leather seats for an extra fee on top of the ticket price.  The concession stand serves wine and beer as well.With the exception of a couple folks who could not put down their mobile phones, this was a pleasant movie experience.  Very typical for a Saturday night showing.
4	Ballantyne Village Theatre continues to be one of the great movie venues in CLT.  The independent films that they often show are the types of movies I prefer!  And the area is very good for casual dining before or after going to the theater!  BVT claims to have the best movie popcorn around...and I agree.  It is always hot and they keep popping for refills on those large buckets I like to eat.  There have been times I have ordered wine during my visit to the theater...the selection is...OK.  The greatest challenge in the BVT area is parking.  But if you are lucky you can park within a few 100 yards of the entrance...or settle for the parking deck...which is a little further.I look forward to visiting BVT on those rare days when I can spend a whole day in the area....gym at the Y...lunch at a local restaurant...therapy at ME....and wrap up with a movie at BVT....all within 6-8 hours!  Gotta love it!
4	It's our go-to movie theater. It shows mostly less mainstream/blockbuster type movies, but we did most recently see "The Decendants" there. We buy the tickets on Fandango ahead of time; there is a little vending machine to use to print and take the tickets from just outside the entrance, across from the ticket window.Some movies have had a disturbingly small headcount, while others have been 90%+ full. I don't think I yet have a read on what my experience will be until we walk into the theater itself. We will on occasion buy some popcorn or soda before going in, but often are coming from dinner and thus usually bypass the concession stand. One time we went, there was no one staffing the counter--I think the person selling the tickets was also in charge of the concession stand, and ultimately I didn't buy anything. Regal can be so peculiar.Otherwise, it is the anti-Stonecrest experience, which is a very good thing.
4	Just went back to see another movie at BV Theatre. Why do I prefer this theatre to Regal at Stonecrest?  For one, the theater is small with a limited number of movies playing.  This is more appealing to me than the ginormous megaplex that shows dozens of different titles. Also, this theatre is more geared towards adults - there are rarely "kids movies" playing here, so there aren't throngs of noisy children running around. When we arrived today, there was a small line at the ticket booth, but nowhere near the lines that you would have at Stonecrest. I appreciate the fact that I can watch a movie without being packed in the seats like sardines... and if I need to visit the restroom here, they are much cleaner and quieter than you would find at the megaplex.  And last but not least, the popcorn here is much fresher and tastier than the popcorn at Stonecrest.
4	Went last night for date night with my sweetie.  Nice experience.  Mostly adult clientele and the seats were comfy.  Parking is a breeze and the concessions were normally priced with plenty of options.  We will be back!
4	Shopping/Eating in Ballantyne Village and craving an Indie film? Need thou look no further! Ballantyne 5 has saved an evening from many a bore. There are a few theaters in Charlotte that show indie films and having this 3rd floor wonder in South Charlotte is a big win. If you've already parked and had a spectacular dinner at Mellow, Jade or Terrace, you're golden. The escalator(s), though very narrow and somewhat scary, will help you ride your way to indie film greatness. If you're coming in for a flick and no meal, park in the garage near the second floor or further above. There is a walkway that will require only one escalator ride to the box office. Tickets can be purchased at the single box office or at one of the electronic kiosks outside. (Online tickets are an option as well)This theatre is no joke. Walk in and it's spotless. Beautiful atrium and plenty of snackage all around. You can even score an adult beverage (beer or wine) or two before you head into your movie! The seats are so comfy and rock back and forth for added comfort. Uhh...have comfy seat and indie film, will travel. That's my mantra. Thanks, Ballantyne 5 for an always pleasurable experience! You've served my indie film loving heart well and will continue for years to come. Cheers!
5	Would be lost without this theater and all the Cannes, Sundance & independent flix.And non-dirty movie theater bathrooms are always a plus :)
5	Without a doubt the best cinema in Charlotte. When you walk in you can tell the place is special, there is a large sitting area with a great view of Ballantyne. The carpet has a sick spiral design and the bathroom's wallpaper is really cool. It is always clean, I have never viewed a film here where the patrons were annoying. And the big plush seats are amazing. Even when I had to sit front row center at a free screening of "Black Swan" it was a pleasurable experience. They usually have a good selection of films too, because they are generally indie films. Charlotte needs more theaters like Ballantyne Village Theatre. It is so classy, plays great films and in a few cases beer is cheaper than soda. What is to dislike?
5	We had our first experience at the theater on Friday evening.  The staff was very friendly.  Even though it was a Friday it didn't feel too crowded and it was a quiet, relaxed atmosphere.  The theater was clean and the seats were comfortable.  This is a great place to watch an indie movie and have a beer.  We will definitely be back.
5	fun place.  good restaurants and probably the best place in charlotte to see a movie.  parking is excellent in deck.  never busy.
4	Looking for somewhere where adults are the only patrons and without the lines of Regal at Stonecrest?  This is your place!Ballantyne Village Theatre is a great spot.  It was purchased a few years ago by Regal, so bring your Regal Rewards card if you have one.  This is a 5 screen theater that plays mostly indie films, or those films that are towards the end of their run.I usually go to the first showing (between 1 and 2 pm) on Sundays and typically there is only a handful of people there.  For this first showing, I usually buy my ticket at the kiosk outside, or you can go inside and they are selling the tickets at the concession stand.  I believe the matinees are $7.50 or somewhere around that.And oooohhhh the concession stand.  This past weekend, while viewing Anna Karenina, I treated myself and splurged on a large Cherry Coke, medium popcorn with lots of butter and some cinnamon sugar almonds.  The grand total was around around $16, but complaining about the concession prices at a theater is useless - it is what it is, we are all aware of the approximate cost.  And when they say it's a large drink, they mean it's a LARGE.  The popcorn is usually quite good and fresh, but this weekend it was meh.  Tasted like it had been out for a while, but I did not get up and ask for another bag, so I can't complain.  The nuts were yummy (that's what she said).  Normally it's a quiet crowd (10 people can really only make so much noise), but because Anna Karenina is only playing in 2 Charlotte theaters, it was pretty packed.  I had the displeasure of sitting behind Siskel and Ebert's mawmaw's who ran their cake holes during the entire film, but the throat clearing and sighing from everyone around them every time they added their 2 cents eventually got them to zip it.  Normally you have your pick of where to sit and the chairs are big and comfy, with the arm rests that go up and down.  They also have "luxury" seating where the seats are some version of man-made leather and wood, which are wider and more plush, but A. I don't want my fat legs to stick to it and B. every time you shift it makes a noise that eventually people are going to suspect is an intestinal issue of yours rather than a squeaky chair.I have never been on date nights, so I am not sure what it is like during peak hours.  But I have always enjoyed the picture quality, refreshments and seating.  Great theater!Update:  Feb 2014 - through real estate dealings, bankruptcy, etc. the Village owners do not own the parking deck any longer and the owner of the deck, as well as two other parking lots at the Village, has put fencing up to prevent parking in the deck (as well as 2 lots).  What once was an easy walk from the parking deck, is now a battle for parking and a long walk.
4	1st time here and the theater is very clean and patrons are well mannered. Not your average movie theater. Plus, there are several restaurants downstairs to grab a bite before the show. Will definitely return.
4	Beautiful theater. Parking was a little frustrating (as a newbie to the area, I didn't realize there was a parking garage), but other than that, what a fantastic find! I love not having to battle crowds, the food/drink selection is very nice, such comfortable seating. They also hosted a screening of Denis Leary's documentary "Burn" which I have been dying to see, nice to find a place that shows independent films/documentaries.Fan.
4	Though the theater itself is nice enough, I really dislike the parking in front of the place. The deck is good, but make sure you crossover via bridge - if you try it at ground level, you have to take those awful escalators, and navigate the construction - it's a mess!Once you are actually inside, the theater is one of the nicer ones in Charlotte, and it's a winner. Usually not all that busy, perhaps because of the location, and by that I mean up on the third floor, not in the perpetually busy Ballantyne area. There are also not typically your younger (loud) crowd attending films here, just because the films are not often the blockbusters.Well worth a visit.
5	This theater is our favorite theater in Charlotte. Yes, the movies they show are a little more selective, but the SEATS . . . yes you heard me . . . the SEATS are unbelievable. Comfortable, leather rockers that allow you to seat back and enjoy a movie, the way it was supposed to be enjoyed. The popcorn is ALWAYS fresh and the people who work there will do whatever they can to make it a most enjoyable experience. They want you to come back . . . they really do.
5	Love Love Love this theater/ Lucky for me it is very close ..Its like a quiet retreat theater. Always very clean, and let me talk to you about the comfortable seating. Lately there has been some very LONG movies, and there seating is so lush and wonderful. You can get a glass of wine or a beer also. Very adult type theater. I would score this a Full Five Stars. In fact--going back today!! Try it..you won't be disappointed!
5	Love this place! We have been to two movies recently and the place was so clean, staff very friendly and some good eclectic movies to choose from. Not to mention you can drink beer here :)
5	A clean and comfortable theatre for adults.  This is easily the best theatre to see interesting and thought-provoking movies in mainstream Charlotte.The movie selections range from throwbacks to independent films.  Did I mention the seats?  Limited in number...but not in space.  Very comfortable.So grab a glass of beer or wine and relax without a bunch of rowdy kids cramping your style.
5	By far my most favorite theatre in Charlotte. Not just for the indie films they show, but for its wine at the concessions, it's cleanliness, and plush leather seats. I mostly love that there aren't a bunch of loud obnoxious teenagers there! Not their type of scene. ;)
