5	Death Valley's Little Brother.  Yes, the name is preposterous.  But, this well-located little place in Waterloo at the corner of King and Bridgeport has delish coffee and pastries.  And its a fantastically awesome little space.   Not too crammed.  Wonderfully rustic and eclectic- a mix between hipster coffee place and hunting lodge.  Lots of light - windows on two sides.  Did I mention that they serve scotch here???  Back off Starbucks and your lame push into selling booze.  What could be better than a place that serves both coffee and whisky?  Nuff said.  Check out this great new place in Waterloo.  Makes you miss Toronto just a little bit less.
5	Graced by the form of the majestic, elusive jackalope, Death Valley's Little Brother combines my favorite past times bourbon and espresso of which they also combine in some sort of a cowboy drink.  Like a Kentucky coffee; an Irish coffee with no fluff or whatever but you get the idea. There are large leather chairs and magazines to read, big reclaimed wood style tables, filament bulbs and other fitting decorations.  I only regret not living here to be a regular so that I may hunt a jackalope, hire a taxidermist and offer it for the wall to toast with glasses of bourbon and coffee. Cheers my little friend!
5	Hip, urban atmosphere -- a combination of reclaimed hardwoods and old industrial accents -- designed with great care by one of the owners, Catherine.Great coffee (I especially like the addition of the flat white to the espresso drinks menu); delicious little treats, and a really fantastic selection of whisky from around the world.If you'd like to learn a little more about scotch, talk to the other owner, Josh, and he will excitedly recount some interesting facts about single malts from around the world.
5	This past Saturday, we venture to St Jacob's Farmers Market (post coming up) and while driving around town after, we notice this coffee shop and decided we need another coffee for our long drive home. The street was rather empty and this is the one spot that's rather packed....DVLB stands for Death Valley's Little Brother (Twitter: @dvlb_espresso), first impression was nothing special on the outside.  But boy was I wrong once I step in the coffee shop (and yeah... not technically just a coffee shop)They have Espresso, Drip Coffee...loose leaves tea...  and tada WhiskyDVLP is a craft espresso & whisky bar and it imeddiately win Ben over.He ordered the Jura Single Malt Scotch Whisky which the barista/bartender recommended and told him not to add water or ice since it will ruin the flavor but instead just add 2-3 drops of water which will help bring out the flavor and aroma. Who knew a few drop of water will make a difference, we both definitely learn something new :)He loved it so much that it's on our LCBO to buy list now and according to him a deal at $64 a bottle They have a graph to help you order the Whisky to your taste which was rather thoughtful and cute with all the color code (^_^)My Cappuccino seems boring in comparison... Love the coffee/espresso itself but didn't like the sprinkle of chocolate powder on top which made it sweet since I don't like sugar/sweet in my latte or cappuccino :( Remind me to ask him not to do that although it looked really pretty. What I like the most here was the decor
5	What makes for a good cup of coffee?  Is it just the coffee?  Of course it isn't just about a cup of coffee, isn't it?Especially at Death Valley's Little Brother, it is about more than the coffee.  It's about the people.  Today, I was able to visit for their first anniversary celebration (has it really been that long?  Yes, it has been...) and the people here at DVLB really make the place.  When I relax and have a coffee here, it's a chance to disengage from the rest of the weary world and enjoy the music, the decor and the vibe.  The staff are as always excellent and knowledgeable.  One time I was here with friends and they were so gracious with us, it was certainly great customer service, and it was a touch that I certainly personally appreciated.Of course, there is the coffee, and it is excellent, I can't forget to mention that!  The taste of this morning's Americano still lingers as a memory.  An espresso here is one that you have to taste to truly appreciate.  I must also give a shout out for the delicious baked goods... try the butter tarts, it will spoil you!Congratulations DVLB on your first anniversary, here's to many more great years to come!
5	I am torn between recommending this sweet place and not wanting it to be filled with loud cretins on Saturday evenings... The nighttime atmosphere is very quiet and comfortable, with a nice cozy atmosphere and lots of people murmuring over their whiskey. I had a whiskey recommended by the bartender, and she was very accurate and knowledgeable. I will definitely keep coming back. The location is juuust outside the uptown strip, maybe by a half-block, enough to keep the place from being overrun. I really hope it stays that way.
3	Besides going to Toronto, Waterloo is next on my list for fave day trips.  Considering the size of their downtown, there is a surprisingly high number of shops and restaurants.  Each time i visit, i always want to go to an Independent coffee shop, and am always stuck with going to Starbucks.  That is until a friend mentioned this place to me.  Upon walking into the space you would swear that you were in New York, the place is sickingly hipster.  That being said, usually hipsters make the best lattes.  We went up to order a vanilla latte, now i have had lattes from coast to coast, and when she said $5.60, i almost had a heart attack.  Of course i asked her why, and asked if they make their syrups in house like most legit coffee shops, she said no.  Her explanation was that it was an extra cost for them, which is a cop out considering the addition of a flavour shot made the drink jump for $4.30 to $5.60, you can buy an entire bottle of syrup for less than $10 retail.  I understand that it is a business and they need to make money, but unless you are making your syrups in house, you have no right to charge that much.  It was unfortunate that that had to happen, and the latte was tainted just a bit after that.  I will definitely go back, but with no mention of a flavour shot next time.
4	I wish I drank whiskey. I do however drink coffee and lots of it, so this plae worked out just fine. Loved the Americano. Loved the date square. Loved the atmosphere. And I can't argue with a place that plays The Smiths on vinyl. I'll be back.
1	I do not recommend Death Valley. My first time ever at this cafe. I was recommended by a friend. However, I must say right off the bat, it was worst experience ever at a cafe for myself. I went in Friday night to be greeted by a really rude girl who when asked questions made you feel stupid. The thing about this place is that they are fairly unique, when asking for a recommendation I don't need a sarcastic answer. I had before ordering just walked out as I couldn't handle it. I will recommend people against it, as it us not worth it at all when your initial impression is so negative.
5	Loveee this place! the coffee is soooo good and it's a really cool place to chill for a few hours. I had an iced latte and it was absolutely amazing! Definitely highly recommended if you want quality coffee in Waterloo.
4	Coming from Toronto I always want to try and find a place that has really good coffee. Having a good roaster is of the utmost importance and knowing that their roaster was "Detour", I was sold.The atmosphere is as expected knowing the type of cafe it is. The decor is great; the exposed brick really adds to it.The staff are friendly and treats everyone well. It is filled with students, entrepreneurs, and business men.Good coffee brings in people and this place does exactly that. I will come here when in Waterloo.That's it.
5	Wicked atmosphere. Could use a few more comfy chairs but still a great place for coffee.
5	DVLB is a great spot, no denying it. A wee bit expensive, but that's the cost of running a small business in an area where the rent is presumably phenomenal. The coffee is excellent, but obviously one of their biggest draws is the whiskey selection. Come in the morning for a coffee then come back in the evening and experiment with a few whiskies that you might not be able to afford a bottle of and discover your next favourite dram. My only problems? One, I can't stand that the front window is tinted, I find it turns people off walking in the front door and it did this for me for some time. I can't stand not knowing what's on the other side of the door to a business I haven't ventured into yet and I know others feel the same. It could really do with feeling more inviting. And two, the place feels so hip I almost feel uncomfortable and out of place, but that's the nature of excellent coffee shops in the early 21st century. As one reviewer said "hipsters make great lattes." Truer words were never spoken. Once again my mind is always blown when I walk a few blocks down the street and see Starbucks and the line is out the door while Death Valley is quiet. You can get everything (and more) that you can find in a Starbucks but served in a much better atmosphere, and to boot you'd actually be supporting the community, and someone's dream. Don't let a clever marketer tell you what you like, walk up the street and at least give this place a try, you'll be glad you did.
5	The only negative about this place is the fact I only found out about it now that I'm done school. Thank god I'll be sticking around for the summer cause this place knows good coffee and is definitely on par with some of my favourite places in Toronto.I ordered an iced latte, my standard at most places. Great coffee taste with just the right amount of milk. No sugar needed when you got good coffee. I will definitely be back to try the pour over and macchiato. Only minuses I had to give were the lack of plugs in the place for laptops - sadly I'm using a really old macbook so she doesn't fare well to a lack of energy sources. Also, apparently no one drinks their iced drinks with straws since they did not have any available. Granted I guess better for the environment but ... I'm a straw girl so that was a little annoying.
4	Uptown Waterloo has a fair number of quaint and exquisite coffeehouses, many of which do not advertise their stores; they simply believe in their services, food, and loyal customers' word of mouth. So here I write, as a new loyal customer.TLDR: Exquisite, yet bold and complicated. The ambiance of the cafe sparked my desire to revisit with a book, a pen and a notebook. With a cup of loose leaf tea (and maybe dessert), it's the right place to relax, chat and get inspired.The moment I stepped into the cafe, I was mesmerized by its interior. The coffeehouse reminded me of a rustic yet modern British cafe in the movies. The old brick walls had lost some of its original colour but maintained its picturesque look. I can tell the owner wanted to construct an atmosphere that was casual enough for everyday conversations without losing the potential to become a semi-formal place for business. And that was exactly what the coffeehouse is: a blend of sophisticated students and professionals.DVLB is different than your ordinary coffeehouses. Why? Well, it serves whisky. Single-malt whisky, "the true pinnacle of all whisky goodness."Didn't expect that, did ya?To top it off, DVLB offers a whisky map for your tasting journey. For those interested, they carry a wide selection from light to rich, delicate to smoky, from around Scotland, Japan, Canada, Australia, India and more. Sadly, I've yet to become a whisky drinker, but if you've ventured and tried their whiskies, let me know how they turned out!One random and weird rule I follow when trying new cafes is only order the coffee when the tea is not just tea. That is, the tea brings deep thoughts into your consciousness, or a blissful smile on your face.Chai tea is like the standard for reviewing a coffeehouse. It's the most basic spiced tea that every cafe carries. My eyes widened when I first took a sip of the tea; it wasn't sweet at all! Instead, the foamy milk brought out the fragrance of the spices without the sweetness getting in the way. As a frequent customer of chain cafes like Williams, Second Cup and Starbucks, the fact that the tea was unsweetened certainly left quite an impression. Of course, DVLB provides you with sugars and other additions, but they weren't necessary.The tea reminded me of the Doctor. "Good cup of tea! Super-heated infusion of free-radicals and tannin, just the thing for healing the synapses..." Very British.To read more with pictures, please visit my blog :)
4	Really? Single Malt Whiskeys and Coffees at Death Valley's Little Brother?! I know I was the Designated Driver for our day trip so no one told me about the Whiskey part...  Oh Well!Both our espresso drinks were enjoyable. Nice relax vibe but everyone seemed to be concentrate on their MacBooks. I felt like the odd ones as we were whispering to each other and enjoying our coffees. Another library like coffee shop!Beans from Detour Coffee Roaster, a little fruity and acidity, help with my digestion!
4	An excellent cup of coffee.  They're bringing in a variety of coffee's from nearby success story Detour roasters.  With two different coffee varieties available at any given time, plus their expresso roast, tea and cold beverage selection, most anyone should be able to find something to sip on while killing time in this cozy spot.The atmosphere is cool.  For the Deadwood fans out there, this place looks like it was inspired by the Gem saloon.My order is generally a pour over coffee (black, thank you) and a baked good of some kind.  Scones and muffins are always good, served warm.  Buttertart's, cakes and other more decadent pastry's i reserve for indulgent weekends.  They're also excellent. Service is friendly, if not always fast.  This place gets busy, and some of these drinks take some prep, so go patient.  It's worth the wait.I've not spent a lot of time there in the evenings.  Once or twice.  When I have been, it's bustling, and the whiskey selection is very well curated.  Your go - to bottle is certainly available, and the staff is ready and eager to make a recommendation for something a little different.I would definitely recommend.
5	Best little coffee shop in town. Love how they make their drinks and their pastries are sooo good.
1	They make their espressos with really old coffee. What resulted was one of the sourest espressos I've ever tasted. Avoid.** Update **I've just received a message from the owner refuting that they don't use old coffee and that I would not be able to tell unless I have access to his order forms.  Fine, I can't PROOVE that old beans were used, but that's certainly what it tastes like. If you like drinking sour espressos, this is your place!
5	Excellent coffee and great decor. This coffee shop provides a comfy place I enjoy coffee, conversation or web browsing. I typically go for light roast coffee but their dark roast coffees are very tasty. When you can drink pour over black, it's quality coffee. The best part is they have specialty coffees with whiskey.
5	Good, rich, body on espresso. Creme healthy and aftertaste kickin'. A good vibe, good hang. Time stops here.
5	What. The. Heck. Is. This. Place. Doing. Here.Seriously - coffee and whiskey in one place? Including import Japanese whiskeys? Incredible. This place is really awesome. Come here if you are in Waterloo. Just do it.
5	Surprising find on a misty winter day: great coffee, gorgeous decor, primo staff. Even the music is great; just the right volume and vibe. If I drank whisky, I'd totally try a Kentucky Cowboy, and if I had a fancy gift to buy a coffee lover, I'd take home a jug of the delish cold press coffee. All around a couple big thumbs up.
1	Was so extremely disappointed with our first experience at this cafe on Saturday evening.Heard great things about the coffee and whiskey and was curious to see what the place had to offer. When questioned about personal recommendations from the barista, she responded with outwardly rude, arrogant, and disrespectful answers such as, "hahaha this is so complicated", and "umm i dont know what you want"We had never been and really just wanted to know what the cafe did the best.The barista's service was absolutely horrible, and the only thing she could come up with to recommend, was clearly store bought and taken out of plastic.The cappuccino was fine - however "it only comes in one size" - and the coffee tasted like a watered down brown crayon served in a beer mug. Will never return, and would like the barista to get some serious training in customer service. We felt absolutely disgusted spending our money at this establishment after being treated so disrespectfully for merely asking questions.
