4	I really like this Salvation Army.  They always have a lot of books and a lot of furniture to choose from.  They have 50% off everything on most Saturdays and it is pretty well organized.  I love to browse thrift stores for good finds and I have done well on cookware, dishes and books here.  One thing that is kind of annoying is the back corner is sometimes a mess because of toys and sporting equipment being thrown all over the floor.  This makes it difficult to get to some of the book shelves.
2	To Salvation Army:Don't you want my money to do good?  You have some furniture and knick knacks that I wanted, but for whatever reason you seemed not to want me to buy them.  The store clerks were watching TV and talking in the mock living room setting.  I even checked with them to see if they worked there so that I could get some assistance.  Assistance is not what I got.  There was a broken down couch and a broken down chair for sale for $300!! I thought I might be able to afford the arm chair (which is actually all I wanted) so I asked if I could only buy the chair.  The guy just gave me a short "No."  I asked why, and he just told me meanly that "They don't do that.  It's a set, take it or leave it".  I'm sorry...Did I stumble into Crate and Barrel?  I kinda wish I had, I might of gotten nicer service.  Next time I need to thrift it up, I'll go to good will.  Change the tune Salvation Army, you're no sisters attic.-Whitney
4	Although I've never been here, I donate tons of stuff and it probably ends up here.  Once every couple of months I schedule a pickup on satruck.org.  The website is easy to use and you can pretty much pick any day you want to have them pick up your items.  I normally just put the stuff outside my door and they always show up as scheduled to pick it up.  I did have some larger items a few times and they do give you a window of a couple hours during which they will show up to take it out of your house.  They are normally on time but will cry like babies if the stuff is heavy or if there are stairs.  Their pickup people are normally pretty friendly but a few are sketchy.Part of me wishes that I wasn't so lazy and could sell some of the items on my own because what I donate is worth WAY more than I am allowed to write off of my taxes.  However, I guess it feels good to know that my stuff is being donated to a worthwhile cause.
4	I cannot comment on the place itself because I've never been inside.  But thanks to the review of a friend, I found out just how easy it is to donate.I had some couches and other stuff that I won't be needing after I move in a couple of weeks.  So I went to satruck.org to schedule a pickup online.  It was really easy to navigate through the website, tell them what you have, and find a date for them to come and pick it up.  Sure enough they came, and got the stuff out of apartment pretty quickly.There are a couple of negatives.  It's hard to find the pickup page from the Salvation Army's homepage.  And they will not give you a pickup window until the morning of the pick up.  Not a big deal if you just have a couple of bags for them to pick up at your door, but not good if I had to be somewhere during the day when the window was suddenly available.
1	$150 for an old tv, $90 for a bike with a rusty chain, frayed brake lines, ripped seat, missing chain guard, and flat tires? What??!?You can buy a brand new bike at Walmart for $80. They also had no clothing for kids under 2 that wasn't ripped, badly stained, and overpriced. They had a very nice electric coffee carafe, yeah I opened it and it was encrusted in old coffee grounds (at least I hope that's what it was). Perhaps I was spoiled by the Salvation Army back in Ohio but even in the ghetto one there you could still find used items fairly priced and with life left in them. I guess I thought in a nice town like Tempe, they wouldn't put out overpriced crap for sale.
2	I go to that area alot and I figured I would stop in and see what they had for dress clothes,vest/slacks/ties,etc,being that it is in Scottsdale I assumed"my fault"that where it is located that there would be some quality mercy in there,wrong,I have better stuff in my older brothers closets.and he's an h&m type of guy closets.fyi.save yourself a trip and hit up the goodwill just south of them,stay classy yelpers
2	-ANOTHER OVERPRICED Thrift Store...sigh!-Most stuff was just JUNK..and it was overpriced.-Furniture was WAY overpriced! I've bought NEW stuff cheaper at Target!-Store was not super big, but it looked organized. Lots of clothing. Lots of (OVERPRICED) furniture.-Located on the West side of the street. There is a Goodwill located just down the street (south).-There were two shopping carts outside the front door full of bread. Was it for sale? Was it FREE? Was it for the birds hanging around nearby? There was no sign and I wasn't going to bother asking.-Parking was convenient.
4	I've used to enjoy this location when I lived in the Phoenix and still do. For it looking like a total dive, it's fairly organized, without a lack of weirdos that other Salvation Army's seem to have and the prices are on the lower end. I walked out of there with two t shirts for $4, you can't beat prices like that. Clicks to them for having dressing rooms with locks that actually work!
4	Not all charity organizations are created equal. SA still has their purpose mind and really support the local location and community with your donations. The store is clean uncluttered and doesn't feel like you should be fumigated when you leave.
2	I could not believe how overpriced this store is. WHO is pricing these items?! They are selling the Ikea Jokkmokk dining table and 4 chairs for $158 while you can buy it BRAND NEW for $149! They wanted $21 for a very worn woman's sweater that had just come in. When asked, the employee told me the two tag colors that were on sale that day, so some stuff would have dropped down to goodwill prices. Maybe I will come back on a half-off Saturday where the prices will be reasonable. But really I'll stick to the goodwill just down the street where the prices are always reasonable and even better with sales.  The only stuff that wasn't completely overpriced was the bric-a-brac and they had some pretty cool stuff in that section. I saw a beautiful brown clay teapot, really neat vintage-y mugs and cups, and exceptionally clean blue glass storage containers.I also did a Facebook search as some Salvation Army thrift stores have pages from all over the world! The Tucson location has one and it seems pretty popular. They also have coupons from time to time. Whoever is running it in the valley should take note.I don't mean to complain about a company that is doing charity work, but it's too rich for my thrifty blood.
3	Place has improved recently and some good stuff can be found. Easy parking glad to have this as an option for second hand.
3	It's a nice store but really small. If you go there enough for certain items you will occasionally find them. Over an extended period I have gotten three CD changers. This has allowed me to load a lot. I do not think anyone else goes through them to make sure they function properly. You wont get a remote but can work them without a remote.
