5	Awesome for both the food and the experience. The salad "bar' is a salad ROOM! Allow enough time to browse the many historical photographs and memorabelia on the walls. They also serve a good selection of wine.This place is an original Arizona treasure!
5	This restaurant used to be a church.  They have quite a few banquet rooms, as well as places to hold receptions.  I have not met anyone who was not "WOWED" by the salad bar room.  It is a room that has salad, fruit, main dishes, desserts, soups, breads... Most of the time that we go there we order just the salad bar.  Occasionally we order an entre with the salad bar as well.This is not a place I would recommend bringing children.  They have everything on breakable plates, glasses, carpet on the floors...  Also when you walk in you either need to walk up the stairs to check in or you can go downstairs to the restrooms and banquet rooms.  They do provide a ramp for wheelchairs to get up and down.There is plenty of parking- or so it seems.  They have two lots and they always seem to be full.  This is one place I would try in coming to Arizona!
5	This is one of those places that you take out of town guests to.  It is a historic landmark (no pun intended) that has retained its charm.  It is a great place for groups since it has several dining areas that are private if you request them.  The food is very good, but should be since this isn't the cheapest place to eat.  I have found parking to be a challenge at times.  They have two parking lots (one across the street), but they are almost always full.  This is also a great place to celebrate something special such as a wedding lunch or anniversary.  The reviews about the Salad room do not exaggerate.  It is the best you will find any where.
4	This place has its own credit card or rewards card or some sort, which I thought was ... interesting. Actually, the whole place is interesting. I was sort of unsure where the restaurant would be since the main entrance brings you to a staircase (you go up). The food was good, although it was a little rich for me. I like the salad room is really cute and goes along with the historic building. It has some different things like pickled quail eggs, but your regular salad bar staples as well.  It was on the pricey side, but your entree allows you unlimited access to the salad room so you get a lot of bang for your buck.
4	One of the best lunch spots in downtown Mesa (not saying too much). Plus, it's in a historic building that has been meticulously maintained.First time today, and the "salad room" is fantastic. One heck of a selection of fresh hot/cold goodies for $9.99. The menu looked great too, but the salad bar was plenty for me. After lunch we checked out the historic photos downstairs. 100's of remarkable images of downtown mesa from the turn of the century.
2	I was intrigued by all this talk of the salad room. I had to check it for myself.I thought the interior atmosphere was quite nice, a little dated but nice.I decided I would try the Salad Room. (see pics)While I was impressed with the Salad Room itself, the contents were mostly things I wouldn't  care to eat, not even sure what some of the stuff was. I only made one trip and ate only half of that, And the Little Debbie Pinwheel wasn't one of them.Everything looked and tasted too institutional if you know what I mean.  Maybe you don't.....OK how about looking around and seeing waiters coming out of the kitchen serving plates with those plastic lids over them(they really did)......I Just got taken back to the convalescent home I used to visit my great grandmother in during dinner hour.......blech......I've never seen those lids used in a restaurant?I really just got grossed out while eating there, maybe it was the guy next to me me having the all you can eat fish and chips with his little jar and spoon of cocktail sauce that was served to someone else after he left I don't know, but I do know I wont be going back.
2	Yesterday we decided since we were all home together and I did not want to heat up the house cooking, we would go out to dinner and a movie. I told my husband I wanted to try the landmark because I wanted to check it out myself based on the reviews. Sorry guys if I offend any of you I see many of you really like it but honesty is policy here I would imagine so honesty is what you get. I have to agree with Sarah G.I was not that excited about the salad room. Some of the things were ok, I liked the german potato salad (although my german potato salad is so much better) Actually I have had better salad choices at say a golden corral. for the hot choices they had meatballs in tomato sauce, bbq chicken pieces, what they said was a southwest chili that looked like it had been cooking for 2 days and  the german potato salad. That was it. Two soups, vegetable and beef mushroom. Did not care for these. I made a basic salad and ate a couple pasta salads and the german potato salad that is really all that looked good in there. (Unless of course you like boiled quail eggs, cactus salad or pickled herring)My husband ordered pot roast, that was good but nothing sensational average if you ask me. Daughter had chicken fried steak, again ok but nothing I could not get at cracker barrel in fact I would compare it to there. Two boys got beef stroganoff which again was only ok but nothing to write mom about. I also have to agree while the experience of visiting the building is interesting, those plastic domes to cover your food have got to go! I have worked in assisted living homes and that is what it brought me back to.The food itself did look institutional. If I did ever go back, it would not be for me. I would imagine it would be a good where to take mom or grandma place.I would have to hide the menu prices from here because she would refuse to order, but I think she would like it.They are a bit pricey in my opinion.In fact, I think my mom would enjoy it she loves old buildings with victorian charm.
3	I found myself in Mesa at the Landmark Restaurant on Saturday for a sorority luncheon. I chose the salad room as my lunch option and it was a great choice on my part. The salad room is a salad lover's idea of heaven...lots of options to pick from ranging from seafood salad to potato salad to pasta salad to mixed greens with tons of toppings. I also saw about five or six soups to choose from as well. The only odd part about the salad room - there was a jar of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies! Here I was trying to be healthy by having the salad room and then they tempt me with cookies?? Agghhhhh! And of course, they got me! The chocolate cake slice that I had for dessert was really good - I'm really not a huge fan of chocolate in general, but this cake slice was not too rich at all and was very moist. Being a good wife, I had the rest of the cake slice boxed up to share with my husband this week.The decor is dated...I don't think I've seen that much concentration of wallpaper in one place in many many years. Service for our group of 15 was very good - Troy was our waiter and he did a magnificant job. I don't think the Landmark is really a restaurant I would just go dine at, but for the right group, it's a fine choice.
5	Good food with a super neat story.  The Salad Room is always a hit and out of town guests always enjoy it.  My 2 youngest daughters think it is "oh, so fancy" and my Gram enjoys feeling like she is surrounded by her peers and loves looking at the old photos downstairs.
3	Did I really enjoy going to Landmark for Arizona Restaurant Week?  Not so much.  Growing up in the East Valley, I have always heard a lot of good things about this place.  It's a really neat historic building and is definitely one of the more "upscale" places to dine in the area.  Unfortunately, by upscale I only mean price and not atmosphere or food preparation.  The interior is very Victorian, with wallpaper covering every inch of available wall space and antique looking furniture sprinkled throughout.  This apparently is a siren song for old people, because let me tell ya, this place is packed with geriatrics.  As far as the food goes, my first course, crab cakes, second course, filet mignon, and third course, pecan pie.  Also included in the prix fixe menu was the salad room.  We made our way to the salad room before the apps came out and I wasn't wowed.  A  "Salad Room" doesn't really impress me.  Aren't all salad bars essentially in a room?  The ingredients were all fresh and tasted good, but it wasn't anything spectacular.  I found it odd that there were a lot of hot meal type foods in there as well.  After we ate our salads, the crab cakes came out and the presentation could have used some help.  Two 1" thick cakes were sitting atop some shredded lettuce.  Not very pretty.  Taste wise, they were okay, but were lacking the wow factor.  Now, my filet was pretty good.  It was a very generous size of meat and it was actually a very excellent cut of meat as well.  I ordered it medium and I actually got a very nicely cooked medium.  The middle was just melt in your mouth, but the outsides were over-charred.  The side of mashed potatoes tasted like mashed potatoes.  They also serve you a random side of candied carrots to split.  They were like quintessential old people food.  My pie was good but didn't really taste special.Service here was good, and maybe a little too enthusiastic and eager to please.  The nametags with the server's hometown was a little "theme park" to me, but whatever.  I know I won't be back unless someone takes me here.  On my own, I will stick to the better restaurants in Phoenix.
2	this place always smells like geriatrics. the green wall paper doesn't help with that ambiance either. don't forget to note the brass light fixtures.for some reason my family loves this place and i'm always forced to go for birthdays or whatever. I personally don't get it. The food is pretty nasty. Everything I have ever had here reminds me of the marie calendars frozen dinners...except that marie calendars frozen dinners taste better and are priced to match the quality of food. The service is mediocre, I guess. They have a salad bar which also has a few other options but all nasty, again. nothing grosses me out more than plastic bowls filled with cold and cheap ranch. and not to be mean or anything but the people who dine here gross me out. There are certain ages of people who just gross me out when they eat: infant-3 yrs old and then it starts again somewhere around age 80-death. I love old people and babies, but I hate watching them eat or thinking about their hands being anywhere near food that I have to eat.  This place just isn't for me I guess. I will say that my step dad thinks the bread pudding is to die for- keep in mind he's in the same age range as most of the diners here so take from it what you will...
5	This place is awesome. Fantastic food, with a classic atmosphere containing a great source for AZ History. I'm not by any means a buffet person, but this place has fresh organic produce with a wide selection of meals from scratch. I've been here several times and will continue to go here if the opportunity arises.
4	I took a group of 11 to Landmark last week and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. It was very empty, but it was a Monday night, so that probably explains it. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful on the outside and inside and contains so much interesting, historical information. The food and service were great as well. The salad room is so original! I travel for work and try so hard to eat healthy while on the road and this restaurant really goes out of its way to accommodate. For example, I ordered my things with no sauces, butters, etc. and when my waitress brought me my meal, she had asked the chef to make the carrots with no glaze on them for me! I didn't even ask because I didn't know they were glazed. HOW NICE! It was our server's last night but she was fantastic.Good atmosphere, good food, I  really enjoyed it.
3	My family had a wedding luncheon here yesterday. The waitstaff was pretty attentive, no complaints there.They have a good little salad buffet with quirky things like quail eggs, pickled watermelon, and spiced apple rings. They also have all the regular salad bar favorites.They have a good entree menu as well.There are some logistical issues with this building, though. It's a remodeled church, so there are some space problems, especially in the salad bar area. It's a bit like the salad bar ho-down and square dance, if you know what I mean. There is also a rather large flight of stairs that must be traversed to get from the banquet area to the salad bar. I wonder how many times they have to mop food up off the carpet on those stairs....Anyhow, fun little place. Quirky, but fun!
1	Our softball team went here for dinner on a Friday.  There were 17 of us.  I had the salad room and it was like going to a kitchen in a mobile home.  Tiny, cramped and full of customers trying to get around.  On top of that, it was nothing special, especially for the price.  The service was "the worst" I have ever encountered.  No one was asked in 3 1/2 hours ( you heard me) if they wanted another drink.  I sat forever, having already eaten salad, for my husband to get his dinner.  We were downstairs and some of the couples were in their 80's.  We are a strapping 60 years old, so it wasn't too bad for us.  When it came time to leave we had to track down the waitress for the bills.  I mentioned that we never got another drink, she said it was because we did a presentation.  Poor excuse, the presentation only lasted 30 minutes, that left 3 hours to get our bills ready and get someone another Coke.  When we walked away, the assistant manager said to the waitresses, in front of us, "Smile, it pisses them off even more."  Needless to say, we will NEVER return to this place again.  And we stay in a 4,000 person resort, word travels fast.
4	We had a small reception of about 25 people here on June 26th,2011. Our servers were great, they were on top of drink refills and were very nice! We preordered our food but ended up having 2 unexpected guests and they were very accomidating and quick to get their meals in as well. The food was great. We had the pot roast, the champaine chicken, and the prime rib.  We also had baked potatoes and the salad room for everyone. They allowed us to bring in our own cupcakes which was VERY nice. Alot of the places we looked at wouldn't allow that. Everything went very smooth and we were overall very happy with everything. The only issue we had was at the very beginig when we were looking into the place is we couldn't get any of the banquet coordinators to return our calls. I was ready to cancel at one point and a manager ended up calling me back and was very apologetic and we didn't ever have that issue again. It was very affordable compared to alot of the other places we looked at and with the salad room you couldn't get the amount of food for the price anywhere. We also had kids and they were willing to do smaller meals for them if we needed. All around a very good experience!! It's perfect for a smaller reception or dinner!
5	I am going to buck the trend here of some unflattering reviews and tell you what I have found to be the real deal at Landmark.  First, let me say I used to eat here with my wife when we lived on that side of town, but a number of years ago we moved away and although we have gone back to Landmark a number of times, it was fairly infrequently.  We both decided after eating here again recently we would never let that much time pass between visits.Simply put, the Landmark is an amazing restaurant.  Yes, the clientele is somewhat elderly, but there are reasons for that.  First it is in an older part of town.  Second, the restaurant itself is in a historic building rich with the story of Mesa.    So look, get over the fact the old folks like this place.  It does not mean the menu is boring at all!Now to the menu....look, my son ordered the NY Strip Steak and the blue cheese crust was amazing on it.  Great flavors!  All sides served hot and delicious and nothing was a miss!!  The salad room is amazing in anybodies book and is well maintained.  Some of my favorites from previous visits included the chicken fried steak, and the stuffed meatloaf.  The chef has done a great job keeping the food lively and very flavorful.  I dig it.  I especially like the touch of class between salad and main course when they serve a small shot of sorbet to cleanse the palette. Now on to the service... PERFECTION.  Very attentive service without being intrusive.  We have never had bad service here, and that legacy continues to present day.  You can tell that the employee's genuinely enjoy working here.Desert was a win also.  The chocolate mousse was heavenly, the cheesecake trio is amazing.   Overall, this entire restaurant experience was an easy five stars for me.
5	We have been going to The Landmark for years though now that we live over an hour away, it's been several years since our last visit. But, suffice it to say, despite the lengthy amount of time between visits, The Landmark did not disappoint! The restaurant is just that...a Landmark. It is the original site of the first Mormon church in Mesa back in 1908 and it's also where the original Mesa Community College was located. It's very antique-y looking and is rich with history with loads of photos and information all throughout the restaurant to share the historical details of not just the restaurant but this particular section of Mesa. It's in an older part of Mesa so naturally it attracts an older crowd. Those reviewers who complained about the ambiance and the crowd clearly didn't get it as to where they were dining. I've eaten here off and on for about 15 years. I have never, ever had a bad meal at The Landmark. The food is always hot, well seasoned, and delicious. The Salad Room is unique and interesting with lots of choices for just about any palate. For our entrees, my son enjoyed the NY Strip which was well seasoned and had a bleu cheese sauce on it, loaded mashed potatoes, honey glazed carrots and even onion rings! The men in my family like their steaks well done and this was perfectly done without being over-done like so many places can do with a well-done steak. We also had the champagne chicken which melted in my mouth. It was amazing. We were delighted to see that they still serve sorbet between the salad and main meal to cleanse the palate. I so love that. It's a touch of class that seems to be lost in many of today's restaurants. We also enjoyed dessert of chocolate mousse and the 3 cheesecake sampler. Everything is made on site and there is clearly TLC in every dish. The menu has a wide variety of choices from seafood to grilled entrees, to things like stuffed meatloaf and stuffed pork chops. Again, we have never, ever had a bad meal at The Landmark.The service is impeccable. For me, it's the gold-standard for restaurant service.  Every other restaurant I have ever reviewed both here and prior to Yelp has had it's service scrutinized via the baseline that is The Landmark.  The service is always friendly, never intrusive, yet extremely attentive. We have never had a server who was snarky, rude, or unhappy to work there. We never have had to remind a server to bring something or had to wait for refills. The service is perfect. Don't change a thing!We are definitely going to make a point not to allow such a lengthy amount of time to pass before we hit up The Landmark for a meal. Please give this place a chance as I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
4	===  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SALAD ROOM LUNCH BUFFET!  ===Aha, a new buffet discovered!  Robyn N. & I charged over to this place today for the "Salad Room" buffet.  You enter a huge building from 1909, that used to be a Mormon Church.  It's like a museum inside, & maintained as if it were brand new.  You can wander through the many dining rooms & hallways, looking at the zillions of old photos, taken here in the local area from the 1800's up until about 1939.  This place is already lots of fun, & you haven't even eaten yet.We got situated in what I would call the "main" dining room.  The table seating was comfortable, the temperature & lighting were right, some ok music played at reasonable volume, & our table service was just great!Off in the "Salad Room" kitchen for food, I counted up 96 trays & kettles of different items, not including sauces & dressings.  Many of the choices they had here today are rarely seen at other Arizona buffets, & every bite of what I had was just terrific.  It reminded me of an amazing buffet that opened for a short time back in '09, right down the street.  It was called "Family Favorites Buffet", & it was also an unusual place (too unusual for many, unfortunately), featuring food that was just amazing.I started here with some Potato Leek Soup, & then went back for some "Spicy Southwestern Chicken Soup".  Both were soooo good!!  On the side with those, I enjoyed a really fresh tasting roll with real butter.Then it was onto the extensive salad bar, which included such tasty treats as pickled herring, quail eggs, rich cottage cheese, & dozens more treats.  (The last time I saw quail eggs was at Todai Buffet!  Remember them?)Yes, there were main hot dishes here in the "Salad Room"!  My favorites for this first visit were the stuffed bell peppers, meatballs marinara, & the hot German Potato Salad.  Of the many desserts out, I only had room to try the pistachio pudding & the pecan rice pudding.  Both were great!Lunch Buffet $10.95.     :-))Buffet items may be purchased for take-out!
4	===  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SALAD ROOM LUNCH BUFFET!  ===Just a short Update:  I enjoyed this place again today, joined this time by Lynn W., Robyn N., Arlin B., & Mike C.  It's getting pricey, as they have now raised it up to $11.95 plus beverage, but the atmosphere is unique & excellent, & so is the food!  Just where else in town do you go for your quail eggs, pickled watermelon skin, pickled cumquats, & all the other oddball stuff they serve here?  Also, picky eaters fear not, as there's plenty of delicious, home style "regular" food to feast on, & this place is a guaranteed good time every time you come!     :-))PS:  Don't miss a look at all of the historic photos posted in the hallway downstairs!
5	I had a great lunch here today with fellow yelpers Robyn N. Lynn W. Arlin B and Rand H. Well to start I am going to have to put them on my list of top ten buffets. They are not near the top but they are very good. I started out with a bowl of veggy soup that was real good and they had 4 soups to choose from. Then I had a plate with BBQ chicken,stuffed bell peppers,scalloped potatoes,meatballs in marinara sauce and chicken and dumplings. The dumplings were a little doughy but everything else was great. Then I tried a few of there many types of salads and all were very good. For dessert there was fresh strawberries,mangoes,pineapple,rice pudding with pecans pistachio pudding, homemade chocolate chip cookies,strawberry yoghurt and blueberry yoghurt. And I got to eat all this great food in an amazing building. Need I say more?  (5 stars)
5	Great American style food. i had the country fried steak with whipped sweet potatoes and loved everything about it. My soon to be wife had steak and mashed potatoes and she was very pleased with her meal as well. it was an awesome atmosphere and great service. We are actually considering having our rehearsal dinner here we loved it so much. a lil pricey but worth every penny.
4	Great old building with lots of history! Prime rib, salad room, chicken tenders, smiley fries, cheesecake, chocolate mousse & a great time. We were greeted quickly and with a smile.  Kim was our server, she let know the specials and answered all our questions. She kept our drinks full, even with two thirsty kids!We sat by a window and our son flirted with another server setting up for an event that afternoon.  He was really excited that she waved and smiled back.  It's the little things that really make events special!Our meal was great, the service was great as well, we enjoyed the decor especially all the pictures.  It does remind me of fond memories of eating out for special dinners with my grandparents. We had a blast, but understand it's not the place for everyone, keep that in mind as you set your dinning plans.
4	Sure, it probably is the place your grandparents would take you for a nice dinner but oftentimes nostalgia makes the best dinner companion.  The food isn't going to win any awards for originality or excitement but it is has a comfortable menu set in a comforting ambiance.
5	Wow. The history of this place is so interesting. Other reviews go into detail. It's worth buying a meal just to browse the original photographs on the walls - especially in the basement. Better then museums. A remarkable collection.  A lot of old black and white photographs showing the history of Arizona. Ver cool. As for the food, all good. Especially the SALAD ROOM BUFFET - for dinner or lunch. Amazing value!
4	I've been eating at the Landmark for years, and it still serves up the same great salad bar.  While the entrees are good, albeit pricey, I mainly go here to pig out on items from the salad bar room.  This isn't just salad, it also has 2 kinds of soup, 2 counters of hot items (which has items such as meatballs and bbq chicken), and very unique cold items you don't see often such as pickled watermelon.
4	I had a belated Valentine dinner at The Landmark with my husband last night. It's been a few years since our last visit, and after enjoying a delicious dinner I wondered why we had not been for so  long. I had the New York Strip dinner and it was wonderful. The steak is served with a bleu cheese butter..yum! I chose a baked potato as my side. Everything was cooked perfectly. My husband had the champagne chicken and the salad room. We had bread pudding for dessert, with caramel sauce, and it was to die for. The wait staff was excellent. We will definitely be back.
4	Susan and I went there for lunch today to try someplace different. We were very impressed. We both had the stuffed meatloaf and would definitely go back for it again. Service was terrific. Prices are reasonable. The wine selection could use some improvement or I would be giving it 5 stars.The building is really neat and seems to attract a lot of seniors. We didn't try the famous "salad room" but it looked like almost everyone else was.
3	EXPENSIVE!!! Holy cow! Worthy of 3 dollar signs. I had to get the salad buffet thing because it's the "cheapest" thing on the menu. The salad buffet is one step above Luby's type food. You are paying for the ambience. Not sure how handicapped people get into the restaurant. When you enter, a large staircase accosts you. The dining room area upstairs is lacy and breezy. You can tell it's a renovated schoolhouse. Service is friendly but not worth $30/person. Came here because the hall is supposedly haunted by a little girl. Too bad they don't leave the hall to the south of the building OPEN for curiosity seekers. You can go downstairs and see historical photos. Apparently you can rent the catering rooms and have your wedding reception there but I shudder to think of what that would cost.
2	I have eaten at the Landmark dozens of times over the last ten years and have generally been satisfied. Several weeks ago, a friend of mine and I ate the pasta salad from the salad room and two hours later, we were both very sick. I know it was the pasta salad because that's the only thing that both of us ate. We were both sick and had the same symptoms. I called the restaurant to let the know what had happened and spoke to a female manager. She was extremely rude to me and told me that we probably had the "flu" or something else as nobody else had gotten sick except for the two of us. She did not offer anything to make the situation right and told me that if I didn't want to come back in there, I didn't have to. I wasn't expecting a comp or anything like that; just an apology and a promise to look into the situation would have sufficed. She took NO responsibility for anything and made it seem like I was a neurotic who was wasting her precious time. I have not been back in there since and will not go back; not because of the food but because of the poor way I was treated by the manager. I have been a restaurant manager myself and I know that's no way to treat a customer.
3	For AZ Spring Restaurant week I tried the Landmark Restaurant in Mesa.  Food was simple but had a lot of flavor and was good quality ingredients.  Start off with a simple caesar salad.  Followed by a rasberry sorbet, "to cleanse my palette".  Then the entree, I chose, 8 oz. prime rib, medium rare.  I ask for both raw and cream horseradish.  Meat was tender and juicey and cooked perfectly. Finally I chose the bread pudding with bourbon sauce for dessert, also simple but had nice flavor.  The $30 meal also came with one glass of wine - Mondavi chardonnay, cab, or merlot. I had a merlot.  This restaurant is not fancy but does a good prime rib and my 6 year old son had the salad buffet which he and I liked because it had a lot of cold and hot variety food.  Buffet for him was $4.95.  Service was excellent, David, our server was attentive and on time with all our request. Overall, I am satisfy with the meal.  Not impress with the old decor and ambience but food was above average.  $30 was a little high, I felt for what I got but I was happy with the food's quality and taste.  May come back again for lunch with hubby.
3	I've eaten at the Landmark many times over the years and have always had good food and good service. I only have two complaints. The prices are FAR too high; particularly for a restaurant that is in a very bad section of Mesa. The "cheapest" thing on the menu is the salad room. My other complaint is the decor is very old looking and somewhat dreary. It needs to be updated a bit. As far as management goes, the older female manager is a bit of a b***h; if you try to ask questions or get information on events, she is very short with you and basically has no time. I inquired with her about having our wedding there and she was so snappy with me that we just said forget it and ended up having our wedding/reception someplace much nicer.
1	Very disappointed!  Bland food with no flavor. Building looked historic on the outside, but was really very boring on the inside. Waitress disappeared often, took a long time to order, then waited about 30 mins to get the check.  Hate to say it, but Denny's has better food than this place.
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR LANDMARK'S WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Just a brief Update, as it's been 14 months since I last reported on this excellent restaurant.  You still get tons of atmosphere & a delicious meal at this rather unusual Buffet.  Today there were several tasty soups, lots of salad items including unusual treats such as palm hearts and quail eggs, plus a few nice hot dishes.     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.95 Monday, $11.95 Tuesday through Friday.
3	I have only been to this location twice.  Once for lunch and ordered salad room only.Was there on Saturday, 1/12/13.  I ordered from dinner menu. Had the Stuffed Meatloaf.  Other entries in the group included Chicken Fried Steak, Chicken Marsala and Prime Rib.  I also added the Salad Room. The entries were less than quality.  Very disappointed with my Meatloaf.  Prime Rib was a very thick cut but also very fatty. Chicken Fried Steak was very small for price. The best part of the meal was the Salad Room.  Good fresh selection. More than just salad. Nice soups, Meatballs, and other types of pre-made salads. Although this location is a very old type building, it is clear the dining areas need work. The carpet is run down and it just did not look fresh and clean.This is an historic building.  It is a nice place to go for a lunch.  Stick to the Salad Room and I think you will enjoy it for the price.  Take a minute to look at the old photos downstairs.  But I don't think it is worth the time for the entries.
5	This is one of my favorite spots to go on a weekly basis or pretty close to. My wife and I go here for the salad room most of the time with a glass of wine and usually a dessert and have never been disappointed. They use to have a more regular staff, but they are pretty good with their service. Never had a bad meal or experience here.
2	The Landmark used to be such a great place for a special dinner out...what happened!!  Visited here on 01\12\13 with boyfriend and his father from out of town and have to say I was embarrassed at the decline in the quality of the food and ambiance at this restaurant.Even though this restaurant is located in a cool historic building, I would have call the decor "early nursing home".  From the faded, torn and worn carpeting; to the cheesy Muzak playing over the sound system, even the smell reminded me of visiting Grandma. Some updating is definitely in order.The prime rib I ordered was done well, but came out cold and the quality of the cut was sub par for the price being charged.  Boyfriend's stuffed meatloaf was also a disappointment, and the obviously instant mashed potatoes on his plate were the stuff of only the finest school cafeteria fare.  The Salad Room is probably the safest bet with a large selection of items to choose from including soups and desserts.One saving grace was the service.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant and right there when needed.The Landmark is clearly relying on the name it made for itself in past years to draw people in.  If you go stick to the Salad Room.
2	A ladies birthday luncheon turned out to be a disaster for many of us.  It took us an hour and a half to get our meals in the downstairs small dining room.  The server was slow with beverage, some of the food was only fair, and none of will go back again unless we can eat upstairs and be with only a few people.  Probably none of us will go back anyway.
4	Went to the Landmark for our anniversary. We both had the filet mignon and had a delicious meal that was served hot. The service was excellent! Our waitress was friendly and attentive. We were told the chef had just added coconut cream pie to his repertoire, and my husband said it was great! I had the chocolate cake. The waitress had told us that it is the only dessert that is not made in-house. I was hoping for a dense, moist chocolate experience but it did not deliver. I'll try the mousse next time.Just a side note: We ran into our neighbor from across the street. She was there with a birthday party for a fellow employee. The Landmark is where she goes once a month for her business lunch. She give The Landmark a big stamp of approval.
4	Fifties elegant! Fine china, and linens! Old fashioned menu, but decent food! Wonderful salad bar ( never had a quail egg before !)
4	Traditional and delicious food. Really neat restaurant that used to be a church.
4	= = =  MONDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = =You know how you wake up some mornings just starving for some Succotash and a Quail egg?     :-))Ok, well if you did, this is the Buffet you would grab your keys for!  It's been almost 2 years since enjoying all the unusual treats served up here, so I got together with Robyn N. & Mike C. to come enjoy another lunch here today.  This upscale restaurant which lives in a historical building that was an LDS church long ago didn't disappoint either, with its 95 hot and cold food choices to choose from, plus sauces & dressings.Many of the items they serve up here just aren't seen at any other Buffet in the Valley, & you are always treated to an interesting atmosphere, excellent table service and everything in order with regard to the Buffet.  (A nice lady was buzzing around the Salad Room the whole time we were there, making sure everything was perfect.)Still love this place!     :-))By the way, if it's your first visit, be sure & explore downstairs where the hallway is lined with interesting old photos!Monday Lunch Buffet:  $9.95, Tuesday through Saturday $11.99.Individual Buffet items may be purchased for take-out.
3	I've heard so much that I had high expectations. I was under whelmed. It was alright but nothing I will go out of my way for.
2	After driving by this place several times and wondering about it I finally stopped in for dinner the other evening. To start the decor in this place is ghastly! I get that they are going for the antique/historic vibe, but there are better ways to go upon it. The smell of this place is... Interesting. A mix of old people and stale food. Which brings me to the food.... bland, boring, mushy, cold, slop. I understand they are catering to there demographic (the 65 and up crowd) but the food was just awful. Service was outstanding however. Our waitress was very attentive and got everything we needed very quickly. Definitely won't be back anytime soon though.
4	This place has an Excellent Soup and Salad bar   I joined a business friend here over lunch a few times and had great experiences each visit
3	I went for dinner and had the Salad Room buffet. A huge selection, all fresh, but all the 'prepared' foods are VERY VERY and I mean VERY salty (and I'm a person who often adds salt to food), There ARE many choices, from traditional 'cold' salad fixings to cold mixed pasta salads, to soups, hot pasta dishes and meatballs. Several desserts from (seemingly commercial) chocolate pudding to fresh fruit to stewed apples.The decor is unabashedly Victorian, and fascinating to look at. Make sure you go downstairs to examine the many photographs of early Mesa and the building itself, which began it's life as a Mormon temple in 1908.Somehow the food reminded me of one those places that old people would go to for a 5PM "supper".
4	What a lovely restaurant. One of the best salad bars I've ever experienced. The Pot Roast was like mom used to make, the carrots were to die for. The Bread Pudding was over the top. Service was very good. I look forward to returning.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Mesa! The stuffed meatloaf is my favorite for dinner - always delicious. For lunch I usually stick with the salad room - everything you need is there. Vegetables, premade specialty salads, soups, rolls and even fruit, puddings and cookies.The service is always excellent. The main dining room is inviting, with the large windows, paintings and display of soup turines, it's ike eating in someone's home - but better.
1	The Landmark came highly rated by friends.Unfotunately, not wheelchair accessible, so, we'll never know.
2	Lindsay, our waitress, did  an outstanding job in handling a rather unfortunate situation at dining there last night.  She was great and I only wish her manager was better at customer relations.  Did not even come out and talk to us and only offered a dessert as an apology.  A few more lessons in Customer Relations are definitely needed for him.  Other than that, service from Lindsay and main meal were excellent.
5	I love this place!  Food is great service is great. Been coming here since I was a kid.  Best prime rib in mesa!
3	So I've been here a total of three times. I can't really vouch for my first visit as it was my parent's wedding and I can't really remember that far back. This second visit was a couple years ago and I can't say much has changed. There's a lot of history to the building and I like that. There's also a whole salad room, but that's about where it ended for me on the awesome. As for the good, the service was pretty good and the music, though something my great grandma would have listened too, was enjoyable. I don't think I could have pictured listening to anything different. It fit the place and was part of the ambiance. The food was where we hit fair. The menu was dated. There wasn't really anything on it that yelled exciting or yummy. When the food came it was mediocre at best, definitely not worth the price tag (crab cakes and chicken fried steak). It seemed like the type of food I would get in a hospital. There is so much potential here. It's kind of sad to see the food be so weak and see the place so slow.
5	I have loved the Landmark for years and hadn't been here in awhile.  It's still great.  We had the salad bar, which is a salad room with everything under the sun available.What I like about this restaurant is a trip to the basement where there is a fabulous collection of photos recounting Arizona's history.  This is a good place for lovers of history.
3	Hmmm..if people thinks this is the BEST prime rib then they never ate at a 5 star restaurant. The service was good. The server was attentive to all her tables and the place was clean. I agree with everyone on here. This place is way too expensive for what you get. We had the prime rib, drinks for two and the salad bar and the total was $69.50. I should of went to the Brazillian steak house or Capital Grille for that price. The salad bar is nothing to brag about. I think Sweet Tomatoes beats their salad bar on taste and freshness and its waaaay cheaper. Save your money and get better food somewhere else.
4	Went there last night, salad bar is very good, food was very good and service was Excellent.
