5	I went to pt for my knee pain. I've been working with Mark for the past 6 or 7 weeks. My knees are so much better.  When I come in we spend the time on him deeply working the area and electric stimulation. He expects me to do my exercises at home and  I don't waste time at  my appointment doing these. He is very knowledgable and pleasant to work with. I feel like we are a team working  towards healthier knees! By far the best PT Experience I've ever had. I highly recommend Landmark Physical Therapy!
5	In 5 minutes Mark, the owner, fixed a problem I have had with my knee for 3 months! He has extensive knowledge of the functions and systems of the human body. His understanding of human anatomy and his ability to translate and teach it to his patients is remarkable.
5	I have previously had PT for a persistent rotator cuff problem. Nothing ever helped me until Mark, owner of Landmark, treated me.  His hands on treatments, combined with his customized exercise program, cured my shoulder problem in 12 sessions.  In addition, He taught me so much about the anatomy and physiology that I understand why consistent strengthening exercises are so important in maintaining the good results. Mark is not only a remarkable physical therapist but a remarkable teacher as we'll.
5	I tried for the longest time, to avoid seeing anyone about my back.  I was in denial and thought it would heal on it's own.  After being extremely limited to what I could do in workouts, and just in everyday life, I was referred to Landmark Physical Therapy.  From day 1, not only did my mobility increase, but I was reassured that I would be back to normal in no time.  After only a few visits, and starting to feel much better after each visit, I was released.  This was a bitter sweet moment for me.  I was extremely happy to go back to my normal active life, but sad to leave the place.  The people there - Mark, Shane, and Joe, really care about getting you back to your full potential.  I definitely recommend anyone and everyone to Landmark for even the slightest pain.  They are miracle workers!
5	I didn't know if I slipped a disc, strained my back or pulled a muscle, all I knew is that it hurt badly and I couldn't walk, sit, or bend without severe pain throughout my back.  Mark diagnosed me in about 5 minutes.  He said I would be better in 24 hours.  I absolutely did not believe him.  I expected a six week recovery.  After he worked his magic, I felt much better not 100% but definitely 80%. He said that percentage would improve in the next several hours. By the next morning, I could walk, turn, twist, sit with little to no pain.  The next day I went back in to be sure I was completely better and I was.  ZERO PAIN!  In three days, I went from not moving at all to playing golf.Mark is an incredible physical therapist.  I would recommend him to anyone. He has a great team of Physical Therapists.  I can easily recommend Mark, Joe or Shane!
5	Mark is a magician. Worth every penny.  I had a neck issue that was insanely bad and he fixed it afte 3 visits. I would reccomend them to everyone.
