2	Terrible parking! Office staff lacks customer service skills.
1	This apartment is absolutely horrible. I have lived in many places, in multiple states, and in multiple countries as well so I'm not an inexperienced renter. Before we moved in, we did a walk through and found at least 4 things that they promised me they would fix before move in. Once moved in, ZERO of those things were fixed. Also, within the first 2 days of living there, the entire stove completely broke and the gas company told me it was a fire hazard, and I should not be living there. I alerted the office and maintenance, and it took them over 2 weeks to fix it, and they told me to ignore the warning the gas company gave about it being very hazardous. This is the worst advice, and I knew from that moment they did not care about their residents. The fitness center was "being refurbished" for about 2 full months of the 7 months we lived there. When it was open, half of the cardio machines had "out of order" signs on them. They NEVER answer the phone in the office unless you call 5 times in a row and listen to it ring for 3 minutes each. I had 1 or 2 maintenance requests for the first 4 months of living there. We only signed a 7 month lease, but they require 60 day notice before lease is over, or they charge you market rate for each day after 60 days you are late. I gave a 30 day notice since they do not send any form of a courtesy letter out reminding of their absurd 60 day notice law. They refuse to assist me in any way of leaving WHEN MY CONTRACT ENDS and made me pay an additional almost $1400, even though I already had another lease signed to move out. The staff has zero sympathy or care. The parking sucks and the hot tub is screeching loud anytime it is turned on, I can hear it from inside my apartment. I will spread the word to everyone- never rent this apartment. They did us so wrong. DO NOT PUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE MISERY OF LIVING HERE. It is OVERPRICED and a complete nightmare.
5	Honestly, I love living here. Freddy on staff is the nicest guy ever! I think the front office is understaffed and when we initially walked in to the leasing office no one was there because there was someone helping other customers. But thats corporates issue...the staff working is really helpful. If there's a problem it is fixed immediately.
4	Freddie is amazing. The staff are supper nice and they even know you on first name basis. Our apartment was not a renovated one and the dishwasher was crummy. It's a nice place to live.
2	You 100% are paying for location if you are living at Colonial Grand Old Town Scottsdale South. One of the staff members is really friendly but the others are not The apartment I lived in looked liked it was straight out of 1995.
1	http://www.kpho.com/story/27581977/pd-suspect-wounded-in-scottsdale-apartment-shootingEnough parking...Nope.  Safe? Yea right.  Hell, I got burglarized in broad daylight while at work.  Big loss to myself.  I guess you can add domestic abuse and shootings to that list.  That place is a revolving door while you are at work, a lot of foot traffic of drifters, transients, and professional criminals.  If you decide to move in, load up on that renters insurance, invest in a bullet proof vest, and have fun walking 100 yards to your apartment from your parking spot.  Oh, and Dawn will give you that look of "good luck" if you ever have problems.
1	Two words:  crime, crime, crime, crime, crime.  This property is extremely dangerous and I would not recommend it if you are a female.  If you are single and planning on living alone, DO NOT, live here.  You will never feel safe.  I lived on the first floor and had a very difficult time getting comfortable.  My car was broken in to at least once that I know of, I heard someone playing with my door handle one night at like 1 am, there was a shooting not far from my unit, something about domestic abuse.  It's just not a safe apartment.  If you must live here, you need a roommate and get a high floor.  Third is best.    Also -  It's extremely noisy at night, there are always drunk kids running around shouting.  On Friday and Saturday night, just go ahead and plan on being up until about 3 am when everyone finally passes out.  Management could care less about absolutely everything.  The only thing on their radar is money.  They will do the absolute minimum when dealing with apartment issues, and for safety and security, they don't care at all.
