4	First I was afraidI was petrifiedKept thinking I could never get a decent hair cut!But I spent so many dayssearching through all yelp reviewsI wrote a firstI learned a new salonFab haircut courtesy of Tiniece! I came here on a Saturday without an appointment (always a plus when I can just walk in on a whim!) and was seated in a chair, ready to get my hair chopped off, in less than 10 minutes. The salon is much bigger than it looks from the outside - 3 stations and plenty of room to go around. The prices don't bite - my cut with styling was $35+tip. I'd definitely recommend you check this place out!
4	I hate getting my hair cut because no one ever seems to get it right, it's not like I ask for some outrageous 'do, I just want something basic and easy to do on my own...this is one girl that does not enjoy spending hours getting ready. So I always dread new places. On a whim, I decided to call Anya to see if I could get in that day, lucky for me there was an opening one hour from when I called. I told Christy what I wanted and she got started. First off, the shampoo was amazing, she massaged my scalp and almost put me to sleep, the products had an invigorating scent...and she didn't try to shove the products in my face for me to buy. Next came the cut and to be perfectly honest, I was a bit scared it was going to turn out too short, but when all was said and done, it came out just the way I wanted it to. Another great thing about Christy is that she didn't try to make useless small talk, she just did her thing and left me to relax.   I think i have finally found a salon I will return to!FYI gratuity can not be applied to your credit/debit card...so bring a little extra cash with you.
4	I just had my first visit to the salon.  It was really nice!!  You can't really tell from the outside but its super cute inside, nice and cozy, really spacious.  The staff was really friendly and did a great job on my hair.  Plus the rates are so reasonable compared to other salons in waterfront or shadyside area.  Worth a visit!!
1	This was hands down the worst waxing experience I've had in Pittsburgh. Ever, actually.I really wanted to like Anya Salon. They're close to my house, and the outside of the building is really cute. I just needed a quick brow wax touch up and lip. I started getting nervous the second we stepped into the waxing room. There were ceiling tiles missing, exposing all manners of pipes, the floor was torn up, there were holes in the walls, and the entire room was shaking from the washing machine running downstairs. The only things in the room are 2 roller drawers, a mirror on the floor, and an old black massage/wax table. It was... creepy?I started getting more nervous as she began working. I could tell that she was a novice, and didn't have the greatest technique. I'm not that picky though, I just needed my brows cleaned up. The basic shape is there, just follow the lines. Hell, I've gotten my brows waxed at a Great Clips before and been satisfied!Then she showed me my brows. I have never, in the 10 years I've been getting my eyebrows waxed, said anything but "looks good!" when that little mirror is handed to you to inspect their handiwork. I could not believe what she had done to me. One brow is a thin line (think late '90's pam anderson brows), and the other looks normal. My. Eyebrows. Are. Two. Completely. Different. Shapes. I'm jacked up looking, y'all. So, I said, "Woah, this one is much thinner the the other one," and she had the audacity to tell me that they're two different eyebrows so they're never going to look exactly the same. I couldn't. I mean-- what? I've had these eyebrows for thirty-two years, and they've always pretty much looked identical. I suggested we skip the lip wax, paid only for the service (I have literally never not tipped at a salon), and got the h-e double hockey sticks out. Now to figure out how to deal with this catastrophe that is my face.
5	I just got my haircut here and I'm still ecstatic! I am so sensitive of my hair because its my pride and joy (being a redhead) so I need someone who is going to do a really great job! A friend of mine has been following Tiniece from salon to salon starting when we met her when she use to work at Timothy's in Sq Hill and now I remember why! She did an amazing job and she achieved exactly what I asked from her. I felt like a rock star when I walked out. Although it's small and not going to be one your full service places the space is beautiful! I loved the cherry hard wood floors and the huge front window letting in the warm sunlight felt amazing! I also was able to schedule my appointment the day before which I don't expect to happen every time but really helped because my hair was grossly long and yucky. Basically GO HERE and get your haircut by Tiniece. Just make sure to be verbal because if you aren't your stylist isn't going to know what you want.
