5	INDOOR SMOKING (when I'm looking for it) IS TOTALLY AWESOME!We came in here one night after an already long night of drinking.  The place was quiet, but the bar was incredibly well stocked, they allowed indoor smoking, and sold a range of cigars.  What's not to love, right?We closed the place down... at some point, we ordered a delivery pizza.  The bartender was a ton of fun, told great stories, fed the jukebox with great songs (and let us pick about half of them) and really kept us going.  The prices were really reasonable on drinks, and we all had (too much of) a good time.  Several TVs had football on (without sound) and the bathroom was extremely clean.  Really, what more do you need in a bar?If I had to critique one thing, though, it would be the cigar brands.  I think I only noticed one or two, but none of them were names I recognized.
1	1 star is generous.  They literary had 3 cigars for sale.
2	The humidors are full of cigar boxes, but the boxes are free of cigars. The bottles behind the bar might be of your favorite spirits, but the bottles contain no alcohol. This, and much less, could be yours at Hemmingway.When my friends and I were there last night, I had to drive to the Kelly's Market down the street to get cigars since the bar was all out. They didn't have any Johnny Walker Black Label, Basil Hayden's, or Beefeater gin, in spite of the empty bottles sitting on the shelves. It was an altogether lackluster experience, and unless they fix these glaring problems, I can't see myself ever going back there.
2	Wish I could give more stars but this place could be so much better.  Dark, no cigars for sale and expensive ($9 for a bourbon on the rocks?). Even though I live 2 minutes away, I drive 20 minutes to The Tasting Room in Monona if I crave a good cigar.
5	Oooooo....under new management! Humidors are fully stocked, drinks are delicious, and there is regular music. The new owners are wonderfully gracious hosts, and each time I go I meet a new friend. Best new/old Fitchburg hangout!
