4	This is my favorite wing place.  The owners are really nice and they are very accomodating if you have any special instructions for your wings.  Lots of flavor combinations.  This is a place where you want to place your order to go.   I suggest the Red Tang flavor.  Yum !!  They are also now doing Pizza although I've never tried it.http://tlcwingsandgrill.com/
3	I had lunch at TLC Wings on a Saturday about 1 pm.  There was only one other person inside when I came in.  I ordered 10 wings, hot, and a basket of fries.  I got my drink and sat down to wait for my food.  They had a football game on the flat screen TV.   It took about 20 minutes to get my food.  The sauce on the wings was very good, typical Buffalo style sauce.  The wings themselves were a little over cooked, but still OK.  The fries were good, but they put a seasoned salt on which I would have them leave off next time.  Overall this is a nice place and I would have given a more stars, but a 20 minute wait for 10 wings and fries is ridiculous.  My recommendation, skip eating in here and order your wings to go.
4	Our office recently placed an order from TLC Wings & Grill.  While they have a huge selection of wings and sauces,  I wasn't really in the mood for chicken wings.  Instead, I opted for the Chicken Parmesan sub ($5.29) with a side order of fries ($1.89).The chicken parm sub wasn't the smartest  choice for a take-out -- by the time the food arrived, the sauce had sort of soaked into the bread and made it a bit squishy. However, the flavor was very good and the portion size was huge (thankfully it was already cut in 2 - definitely enough for 2 meals!)  The fries were good, and they were very generous with the portion size of that as well. I would definitely order this again, but probably not for take-out.   I would also recommend giving these guys a try if you are looking for good quality wings & fries at reasonable prices.
5	This is my favorite Wing place, whether I go in person or have my food delivered. The owners are nice and so are those they have working with them. Even when they have forgotten something on my order during a delivery, they made sure to bring it back promptly. I think they are very accommodating.
5	I love these wings!!!There are so many flavors here....and I've enjoyed a lot of them...like, Hot, Barbecue, Cajun, Lemon Pepper and Spicy Garlic Parmesan and I have not been disappointed yet! Each wing is juicy and full of flavor, they are always hot and made to order ..SOOOO amazing! Yes...they have more than just wings....like pizza, subs and fries...but I've only had the wings AND trust me YOU are going to want to try these wings...again and again!!!In my opinion, these are the best wings in town!
1	I've been a longtime loyal customer of this place (2005). My husband and I just called to order delivery and the girl that answered the phone hung up on him. When I called back she told me "that wasn't me, it must've somebody else. " When I spoke to the "manager" he said they weren't delivering tonight.  On Super Bowl Sunday.  A wing place.  Not delivering.  Ok. I don't need to spend my money there.
5	It's very simple. These are "some" of the best chicken wings around. I said "some" since I have not tasted a large number of establishments that serve them. I'm selective when it comes to wing sauce, and favor the vinegar based " tangy" sauces. TLC's "Red Tang"sauce it my favorite. Just the right amount of heat for me. For those of you who love to show off how hot you can stand it, there is a hotter sauce. I know this because it's called "X-tra" hot.  The inside of the restaurant is small and basic. The young lady who runs the register is very congenial and is quick to tell repeat customers how much she appreciates them. I order all "drummies" and the amount of meat on each one of those is more than just about any other wing place that I've tried, however "Sticky Fingers" (Ballantyne) has the same amount of meat as "TLC".
1	This business has been here for several years, and how its survived I'll never know. The kids that are employed here must get paid next to nothing, cause every time I get up the nerve to try them again, its a whole new crew. Each seems to sass and ignore the customers worse than the last crew did. The wings are good, and I guess its just the fact that there's no competition that they make enough to stay open. This place would kill if the staff just PRETENDED to care about customers. Example: Last time I ordered wings, I knew they would take FOREVER, so I didn't even leave my house for a while. Then when I got there, I was waiting and wanted to pay my bill so I could leave when they got ready. Couldn't do THAT!!!! Had to finish cooking them to release the ticket so she could ring it up. So, they must have waited to start them until I got there, 'cause it was well over ten minutes later when they finally came to the front. (WTF?, WHY CALL AHEAD?????) Then, she was busy helping other people that must not have been able to read a menu, or understand english, and it took several minutes more for her to get my money, so I COULD FINALLY GET MY CARCASS OUT OF THAT PLACE!!!. EVERY time I've been in this place, must be a dozen by now, its been some sort of "Don't give a flying +++" attitude that just insults me to the point I don't want to come back. Presently, I have a STRONG hankering for some of their wings, but it just hasn't been long enough that I'm willing to go back.
3	I used to love this place for the wins and the staff. But I'm not sure if they sold or just changed staff around, but the wings are still great the service as far customer service and management can be worked on.Tips:Cajun ranch and calypso are great even on the tenders. And the fried mushrooms are awesome. Don't waste your time not  the pizza though
5	I reviewed TLC back in Feb., and you can read that one for yourself. I complained about the attitude and attention given the customers which was so bad I didn't want to go back. If I can speak plainly about their faults, then when they do good, I feel it should be noted as well. I've been several times now here in Sep. and Oct., and the teenagers are gone. There's an adult running the kitchen now, and a mature, helpful person on the register, and I'd like to think my earlier review had something to do with making these changes. The wings are still the best around, and now its a treat to go in and pick up some delicious wings (which are done when promised), and promptly be served, waited on, and out the door in a hurry. I don't try many flavors because the terriaki is just the BOSS, but my wife likes the honey BBQ, and I'm sure the rest are equally good. The problems seem to be worked out on the service, and their wings were always the best, so I can recommend that you even go out of your way to try the wings at TLC, and feel confident in saying you won't be disappointed!!
5	I had the garlic parmesan wings and they were really good. The service was great and quick, I was recommended this place and will recommend to someone else. I'm looking forward to trying their other wing flavors.
1	Ive been a customer for years and i went there today amd my chicken sandwhich i ordered it was completely frozen i took it back and they made me a new one with no sauce on it and it was completely dried out and over cooked. And the guy wanted to argue back. Im never going back.
