3	Although I didn't have any food here, the hour or two we spent sitting out here on a hot summer day was enough to deem this a good spot for people watching.Entering the premise it was completely empty as everyone was outside having their drinks.They have a decent selection of beers as well as a full selection of top shelf liquor and prices while a bit higher than most, is rather expected for this area of town.The amount of people walking down the street both locals and tourists (mainly tourists) make for extreme entertainment.Service staff were friendly enough and despite initially wanting to sit our sizable group separately, accommodated us when we moved our chairs together.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this little French restaurant at the corner of St Paul and St Vincent in Old Montreal. We were visiting the old city and wanted to get a taste French cuisine before heading back to TO the next day.While the prices were "normal" (as in moderately high) for French cuisine, I found the food quite good. I actually "sampled" everything that my family order and everyone had only good things to say about the food. I did't order any wine, so I can't make any comments on that. I had the veal, and I thought that is was cooked just right, and the sauce was fantastic. I even loved the roasted potatoes which they included as a side.I wouldn't hesitate to make a return visit if I'm ever in Montreal again!
1	I'm giving this place one star and that's only because of the location.  The restaurant is situated in the Old Port of Montreal, on a beautiful cobblestone street, tons of charm...that's where the positive part of this review ends.We were greeted as we entered the restaurant and were seated quickly.  However, it took almost 20 minutes to get a glass of water, another 25 minutes to get our beer, which we ordered once our water was delivered.  When our extremely stressed, profusely sweating and almost invisible waiter did finally bring us our beer, in bottles, he asked us if we wanted a glass and if we did that we could go ahead and use our wine glasses, which we weren't using.About an hour after being seated, and 40 minutes after ordering our food, we still did not receive a morsel of food.  We noticed that the waiter had been bringing baskets of warm bread to the tables earlier, so I asked if it would be possible to get some bread while we waited for our food.  The waiter explained that 1) they were out of bread and were waiting for more to be delivered and 2) that even if they had bread that the oven was being used for something else and our bread would be cold.  He explained that we were "first" on his list for bread once they got more bread.  About 20 minutes later, he brought us bread...it was cold, along with the butter.  My friend decided to heat the butter by holding it over the candle flame, which could have worked brilliantly, only the plastic packaging began to melt, so cold butter is what we settled for.  Salad was included with my meal, but not my friend's, so he ordered a salad in addition to his meal.  The salads arrived about an hour after we placed our order (yes, AN HOUR FOR SALAD).  We did finally receive our food, I had ordered the salmon with shrimp sauce and my friend had ordered the whitefish.  The portion sizes were large enough, but my salmon was extremely fatty and the shrimp had not been deveined, and my friend's fish was riddled with bones, we counted at least 30 of them.   Both dishes were served with rice and overcooked vegetables (rappini and zuchini).  We asked our waiter to bring us some lemon wedges, but he forgot, so we asked the hostess and she went to the bar and got us some (of course this was almost 15 minutes after we had been served the fish).The waiter did not once ask us how our meals were, nor did he ask us if we wanted another drink after we finished our beer.  We had to flag down the hostess for everything.  I'd like to point out that the restaurant was by no means busy, and we were not alone in our assessment.  We watched a table of 7 people gulp down their green soup, and then wait for well over an hour before receiving their mains, and only half the table got their mains, the rest had to wait an additional 10 minutes.  Our meals (salad and fish) along with 3 beers total over $85.  I have to say that paying that bill felt like wallet rape.All in all, this place was a disaster and I would not return, and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
4	Very good excellent service not too touristy in a very tourist area
4	Think I fell in love with this place before I even took a bite. A French restaurant with outdoor seating in the heart of Vieux Montreal, which I guess isn't that uncommon but the French Onion soup and Duck Entree was amazing. Three kinds of duck one amazingly large plate for $35 included foie gras, duck confit and medium rare grilled duck breast. The duck breast was spot on and they did not spare on the foie gras...there was a very healthy portion. I would definitely recommend to friends and will return if I ever find myself in MOntreal again.
3	We were on our way to a different restaurant, but it was closed for a private party. We still wanted to try some French food, so we stopped to look at the menu here. Then, a gentleman who claimed to be the buyer came up behind us and promised us that this would be a great meal. He was right-- the food was amazing. The service was pretty terrible. If that's not a deal breaker, come hungry. BTW, we felt a little under dressed. Maybe if we looked fancier they wouldn't have treated us like peasants. There are three different menus, and if you don't give off fancy vibes (or order wine) no one will explain how any of it works. But, again, the food is amazing. The waiters ignored us and we sat with dirty plates for a while until the bartender took pity on us and took them away. If you're going to put up with the terrible service, at least save room for dessert. Unless you don't want your entire meal to be upstaged by dessert. The creme brulee is so good I'll be dreaming about it for weeks. It might be worth another trip to Canada.
5	I am going to give this 5 stars based on 1 thing and 1 thing alone. The venison. We were walking in the area looking for a place to eat on the 30th of December, 2012. Place after place didn't seem to fit the bill and finally we found this place and gave it a shot. The wine was good, it was warm (it was cold outside), and it was a nice comfortable table at the window watching the night pass by. The ambiance was nice, the place seemed fine and dandy. Andy got the duck. It was ok. I'm not here to talk about the duck. I got the venison and it was the best deer meat I've ever had. Whoa, you might say. How much have I eaten venison? Well, despite growing up in New Jersey I have eaten deer meat in about 12 forms on hundreds, if not thousands, of occasions. Ground, diced, bologna, sausage, and on and on. Cut with pork, stewed, in chili, in a burger. We had so much deer meat that when I went to college I said that I would be happy to never eat deer again so long as I lived. And in general, I agree with that statement to this day. However, if we ever go back to this place I will get the venison, and enjoy the succulent and rich dish that sat before me that night. I was simply blown away by how amazing it was. I have to be honest, part of me thinks that this wasn't actually deer meat. But hey, why advertise it as anything else? In the end, it was amazing, just amazing. In the end we had a nice meal and a great evening. Was it worth the price? I have no idea. But if you find yourself here I highly encourage you to go here. Oh, I tink it was in a maple sugar-based sauce. It was good, damn good. If you go here, order it. And enjoy!The wine list is impressive as well, IIRC. PS. For the sake of fairness the duck gets a 3 at best. Maybe more like 2.5. Don't bother with the duck. The 4 letter word that begins with D that you seek is: DEER!
3	We stopped here on our rounds around old Montreal, mostly because of a sign outside declaring a special with a dozen oysters.  First off, the wait staff wasn't the friendliest - not rude, but just a tad ... off.  Oh well, ultimately, not a deal breaker, maybe it was an off night.The oysters and the wine (all we had) was excellent, except for one thing... they have an ONION sauce to dip?!?  As anyone that reads my reviews knows, this is usually a big negative for me.  Still, with my limited French, and their limited English, we were able to get a bottle of tabasco, so the night was saved.  The atmosphere here was a little old and dark, felt a little off for that reason, but maybe on a different night, this place might have a good romantic atmosphere.  The menu looked good, and peeking over at another table proved the dishes to be pleasing to the eye, but I can't judge on looks alone.  When I find myself out in Montreal again, I'll keep this place on my radar, ready to give it another go!
1	We stopped by on a whim. Mistake. 25 minutes between appetizer and main course. No explanation. No apology. Food was good, but not worth that kind of wait!
1	OMG, why did it take over 2 hours for dinner? The courses were small enough that they were finished in minutes, and then the wait time between each was up to 30 minutes. 2 out of 4 got their coffee after the main was finished, but the other 2 only got theirs after they had finished dessert and sat waiting. This is ridiculous for a restaurant not at full capacity. The waiters changed during the meal and they seemed rushed and confused. The QPR here is seriously lacking, and lets be real, the food was often over-salted and mediocre. Seriously. Canned chickpeas in a salad and 1.5 cherry tomatoes. I was so underwhelmed I would have left if it wasn't a meal with my boyfriend's family. Here's a little info for business owners everywhere: a poorly kept bathroom is totally gross. No one wants to go somewhere where you'll end up paying at least $40 pp and then use a restroom missing door handle parts, toilet paper and paper towel on the floor, and seats that are almost hanging off. Done, over, never again.
3	mussels Ok, frites soggy and greasy.  Clearly part of tourist trap central.  Sangria was decent though, and the outside seating on a perfect afternoon helped.
3	Not too shabby, however, the service was quite slow, for such a busy area. The food was also just average, and the lobster, well, for the price the portion was tiny. While there are a few good items on the menu, it certainly is more of a tourist trap. Just an average place with average food and service, overpriced.
1	Service was terrible. They never offered us any water.  When ordering for food, they barely helped us out and were being snobby when they were describing the dishes.  After ordering, food took a long time to come.  The hostess came by and helped us take pictures while we waited for food. She was the only person that was nice and courteous at the restaurant. She's the only reason why the restaurant would get +1 star.When the food came the waiter had no idea who to serve the dishes to.  After we finally got all the dishes on the table, the waiters never came by to ask how we were or asked if we needed anything else.  While we were there, the waiter brought over forks and dropped the fork; ok no big deal.  Soon after when they brought over the bread, again he dropped it, this time on one of my friend's lap. The waiter then asked, "you don't want it? Since it only touched you, you don't want it?" He takes the bread into the restaurant, comes back with a dish and a bread on it.  As he placed the dish on the table, he said "I just put the same bread on a plate, you won't even know, and now you'll take it."By the end of the night, we haven't thought much about the lack of attention the servers had shown, but it soon became really obvious that they had been neglecting our table.  As soon as we asked for the check, the waiter was hovering over our table while we were examining the check, the ENTIRE TIME.  When we finally decided how much tip to pay and placed the payment by the check, the waiter rushed over and picked up the cash right in front of us and counted the money in our face.  Never in our lives, have we ever seen such rude customer service provided.To top off the terrible experience, their food was bland, tasteless, and extremely over priced for very little food on the plate.  A 6 oz steak 1 glass of wine, came out be around 50$ excluding tips.Completely not worth it in any way shape or form.
1	FatCat learn new word today.  "Tourist trap".  This is when greedy business man taking advantage of unwary tourists who not know city well.  But you thinking "hey FatCat, you so smart. How you fall into tourist trap?". Yes yes.. FatCat know, but smart cats not immune to making bad decisions sometimes - that's how FatCat coming to this restaurant. Things FatCat like- Nice big patio where FatCat relaxing his fuzzy tail.Things FatCat not like- only one beer on tap.. Not bad beer but not like lack of choice.- FatCat first start drooling when he see description of strpiloin steak on menu, but Mr Owner of restaurant not honest with FatCat about what Mr Owner serving. No peppercorn sauce like promised. And instead of chomping down on juicy striploin, FatCat wrestling with gigantic piece of grissel with tiny bit of meat attached to it. FatCat asking server for chainsaw to cut through meat, but server ignoring FatCat's request. FatCat thinking that even waiter embarrassed about working at such bad restaurant.Old Montreal disappointing FatCat.  Maybe he only eating in New Montreal from now on ? No, not fair to old Montreal just because of one bad experience. FatCat coming back again. Yesterday FatCat eat at good restaurant in new Montreal. Writing review soon.
1	Should have been obvious. Dirty and old room, our server couldn't keep his fingers out of his mouth, biting his nails AS he served tables. Confit de Canard was pedestrian. Shameful.
2	Definitely wish I had read the reviews pior.  The summation is that this place is definitely a tourist trap.  The service for my family was fine but there were only two other occupied tables.  The steak I ordered was chewy and no one in my family finished the subpar food.  The one good thing? The bottle of Merlot.  Definitely on a whole no where close to worth the price.
