4	My son Daniel kept buggin me to try this place, but I was reluctant. No good reason. I just already have my fave taco shops, and plus the bland strip-mall experior just didn't shout "Eat here" to me.But he got to choose where to eat the other night after his National Honor Society induction ceremony, and he chose here. I gotta say, my kid really is smart. Los Favoritos is definitely a notch above typical fast-food-ish Mexican. On my son's recommendation, I got the "breakfast" chorizo burrito (served all day). It was on a tortilla the size of a small planet, and stuffed full of savory & spicy meat, cheese, potato and egg.  My husband ordered carne asada, and Daniel got chili rellenos. They were wonderful! The service was ify, simply becuase communication was a bit hard with non-English native speakers. But they get an A for effort.I guess I owe Los Favoritos an apology for judging it on outward appearances alone. I'll certainly be going back!
4	I am ashamed...ashamed to say I had the best carne asada fries last weekend, and it was NOT in San Diego. There are a lot of taco shops in Chandler. Apparently, word is they are not very good, except for Los Favoritos. I scoffed. My San-Diego-friends-now-residing-in-AZ kept trying to convince me how good it was. I scoffed again. HA! Finally, I decided to go, just to compare. What a snob.Looks like every other taco shop I've been to, maybe a little cleaner. Carne Asada fries is not on the menu, so you have to ask for it. I opened up that styrofoam box, and it was pretty. No, really. I haven't had carne asada fries that good...ever...so far...Recommendations:Chicken rolled tacos, quesadilla, pretty much carne asada anything.
5	I think this is the best fast mexican food in Chandler or the surrounding area.  The food quality is high and consistant.  The prices are downright CHEAP.  I really like the bean and cheese burritos and the chili relleno burritos.  The jalapenos and carrots are a must and I am thrilled that they started selling Tamarindo.
4	My middle daughter moved to Arizona a couple of years ago and really missed the San Diego-style Carne Asada Burritos she was used to.  Everytime she would come home she would hit Chili Banditos/Buenos Dias for her "fix".  Then she discovered Los Favoritos and called me excitedly to let me know she had finally found a Taco Shop that had carne asada burritos the way she liked them.  When I came to Chandler she made sure to bring my family here to try it out and we liked it too.  She's been eating here every since.  Smart daughter.
4	This has to be the best fast mexican place in the Phoenix Metro Plex.  The tacos/flautas/tortas/burrito's are cheap and really good!  The place is quick an clean.  I was a regular until I moved to another state.
3	This is a good place to get a chorizo breakfast burrito.  The beans are pretty good.  The tortillas are very good.  The enchiladas are just okay.  Its sure hopping on Sunday mornings!  I'll try the carne asada next time after seeing all the good reviews on here.
3	I have been here a couple of times and have decided the chorizo burro is the way to go. The tortillas tastes homemade and the chorizo is good and spicy. I prefer my burro without the potatoes which sometimes will make the egg to chorizo ratio a bit on the heavy side with chorizo. For lunch, I've had a red chile and cheese enchiladas. I didn't care for the enchilada sauce or the red chile. They keep their salsa at the counter in a tub of ice. In my opinion leave it there it's only so-so.
2	Ive heard tons of great things about this place. I decided to get the #1 Two Chicken Enchiladas with beans and rice and it was bleeeeeeegh. I got a spoonful of so-so rice, beans that tasted like they had just come from a can and the enchiladas were even worse. Normally I dont give places second chances, but the service was good, and the place was very clean. I might try the chorizo or the carne asada next time. Definitely will avoid the enchiladas.
3	This went from a 2 star to a 3 star only because other yelpers talked about the chorizo. On the downside, although the food was good this time (chorizo with double rice and beans), the service was just ok and the bathrooms were kinda dirty. It was right before closing so they probably hadnt cleaned them in a few hours. Probably not going to go back anytime soon.
3	I admit, we go here more for my wife than for me.  It comes off as typical Mexican food, but the chorizo is great.  It wouldn't hurt them to take out the trash more often as the trash bins are always full.
5	I'm confused as to how this place is getting great written reviews but only four stars. What do yall want, little dancing chilis with your meal?This is some of the best Mexican food in a rather wide radius. It's not typical when compared with a lot of the fake bs Mexican restaurants we have. The only way it can be construed as typical is that it's real. If you want something beyond that (which would completely ruin it) then this isn't your place. If you want the good stuff at good prices, don't miss this place.
4	Solid.  It all comes down to the word "solid".  The carne asada burrito, standard amongst *berto's purists (*insert your own prefix here...Fili, Rigo, Ernie &...whatev)?  Solid.The rice and beans, often times overlooked drivel at such an establishment?  Solid.The carne asada fries, a delicacy not even on the menu (a pile of fries topped with a mound of carne asada, guacamole, sour cream, cheese and pico de gallo...I think I just jizzed in my pants)?  Surprisingly solid.  Not quite Riva's in Tempe-solid, but solid none the less.The business end of the food, about a day later, normally watery and of the Tijuana-Two Step variety?  Not this time pal.  SOLID. (Ok, that was gross.  I apologize in advance for both making a poop joke and actually waiting this long to deliver the SOLID punchline)Anyone complaining about bathrooms, garbage cans or service obviously has no idea what  they're doing in a dive burrito joint on Chandler Blvd.  You go, you order, you get your burrito and get the hell out.  If you have to eat there, your luck really sucks because this is the kind of food that is best when ordered to-go.  Do you think the lady behind the counter is there to smile at you?  Will it improve your food?  Would you rather her be all business, take your order, get it done fast and quick and hot out the door, or would you rather have her chit-chat with everyone in line at lunch time in a business area when you've only got 20 minutes left on lunch and Johnny Junkforbrains is up front asking her about her fine horchata-mixing skills?  Yeah.  Me either.So basically, go get a solid burrito and shut up.
3	I got the vegetarian burrito and thought it was just average tasting.They do not post the nutritional facts of their food, which scares me a bit.  I have done some digging in the past when places like this didn't post anything, and the results were scary (ie, tons of Trans fats).The burrito size to price ratio was above average also.I doubt I will make the journey back.
4	Los Favoritos is one of mis favoritos.It's not gourmet, it doesn't pretend to be, and for that you must love it. It's cheap, fast Mexican food. In some of the best tortillas I've ever had anywhere. I'd buy the tortillas and eat them warm all by themselves.For me, Los Favs is a breakfast haunt. They make a killer breakfast burrito with your choice of chorizo, ham, sausage, bacon, or some combination thereof. Add to that scrambled eggs, potatoes, cheddar cheese, and I'm pretty sure butter. It will clog your arteries and shave years off your life, but dammit, it's a hell of a breakfast.Pro Tip: It's half of Chandler's breakfast haunt, too, so come prepared to stand around for a while in the mornings.  They crank out the burritos in turbo, but they've only got two (usually one) registers and so many employees.They're also open late if you've got an evening craving for some Mexican.
5	The best food ever! Fast, friendly, fresh and very clean! Oh yeah CHEAP!!! Just the best there is and you never leave hungry!
5	I cannot even begin to explain the love I have and have had for this place since it opened. I used to live next door and it was always my Sunday breakfast spot. Now that I'm back home, it has become my 3 times a week breakfast spot - yes, I live on the west side and yes I am willing to drive 20 miles for their California burrito. I don't care about gas prices or photo radar.. all I care about is their burritos and green salsa... Its delicious, bursting with flavor, perfect tortillas and a whole lot of authentic Mexican love wrapped inside.Not only this, but its CLEAN, which is rare for a joint like this and not only that, but the staff are NICE, and speak excellent English, which I dig because my Spanish absolutely blows.. They're always smiling and they even remember what you want.. All I have to do these days is walk in and my burrito is already being prepared. Before I even pay. What is better than that?If you love potatoes, like myself.. try the California. If you like the usual carne asada.. theirs is excellent...  Actually, if you just enjoy Mexican food in general, eat here.. its real, good non greasy, tasty, orgasmic Mexican food and the Horchata is delish and their enchiladas are spectacular..God, why must I live so far away??
3	Breakfast burritos are awesome!  Choose from bacon, sausage, ham ... or my favorite - no meat.  Really good food.  In a hurry or don't want to wait? No problem - call ahead and your order will be ready when you get there.We usually place our order and then head next door to Starbucks and get our morning caffeine fix...by the time we get back - order is ready!  Prices are reasonable.  Service is good.  Food is what you'd expect.  Nachos, burritos, enchilada plates are all very good.  Taquitos can be a little dry, but hey - that's what sour cream is for. Right?Oh yeah - tons of FREE parking!
5	I love los favs! Everything that I have ever ordered here has been super delicious. This place puts all the other fast food mexican chains to shame! I order my usual burrito (bean and cheese with rice, potato, and guacamole). I get my food fast and it is always right! Friendly service and cheep! And I love how quickly they're expanding. Go los!
1	This is one of the most disappointing lunches I have ever encountered. Let me tell you why. The menu was clear and seemed to have a good selection so I got the veggi burrito and my friend got the fish tacos (baja). The prices were good so we were pleased until we got our food, chips are not included not a big deal so we went back up and waited in line to buy some. The salsa if that is what you want to call it was really tomato sauce I think, bland and flavorless and all the tops on every bottle were super dirty so I did not even want to try it but I just opened a bottle up and poured some out to avoid the yuk on top of the spout that had obviously not been cleaned in some time. My 'veggie' burrito was watered down beans (slightly warmed) with a bunch of wet lettuce inside and a little bit of cheese. My friend's 'baja' tacos were some frozen fish sticks in a couple of taco wraps with some soggy lettuce on top and the baja sauce was actually tartar sauce! When we tried to explain the problem to the people at the counter they hardly spoke english and did not seem to care so we will not be back. p.s. they don't seem to clean the soda fountain either it was sticky dirty when we went to get our drinks and I found it quite disgusting. and just so you know we went for an early lunch it was only 11:30am.
2	Los WhateverThis place is just a step above *bertos.  Just your standard, run of the mill "Mexican"  food.  Like most Mexican food, it's "OK".  Nothing special here.  I had the carne asada platter with a drink, it came to $9.11.  A conspiracy?  Perhaps.  I don't see what the big deal here is, nor do I understand how anyone with papillae can give this place 5-stars.
4	This place is amazing -- the food is great, and the service is friendly. Of course, at some times when it gets slammed, there may be a bit of a language barrier (obviously, a lot of Spanish-speakers work there), but it usually isn't a problem. They have a good technique of getting out the simpler meals quicker because waiting on a large meal to get something small would be just insane. I go here every Saturday and feed 3 people for under $20...it's a ritual, now! I've definitely recommended this place to people, and I'm never going to stop!
4	Went there today, very good food, I would suggest the breakfast burrito, the machaca was very good. I also ordered a crispy beef taco that seemed to be a little bit to greasy for my liking. Overall very good though!!
3	Not bad los favoritos. Not bad...The salsa could use some work. I'm not even sure what I would suggest needs to be changed about it, I just know that it doesn't meet my expectations. If I were rating this place solely on their chile relleno. (which is a deal breaker for me when it comes to mexican food) I would give it 1 star. Again something with the sauce and it had a LOT of seeds. (yes I am well aware that chiles have seeds, but I don't want them in every bite!)BUT. I did give this place 3 stars because I really enjoy their bacon breakfast burrito, which includes potatoes as well as their beef taquitos.
3	- the food is O.K., seems like americanized version of mexican food- the waitstaff is hurried.  they smile politely, although it's not genuine- the cost is GIANT for what you'll receive, so be prepared to pay more for less- the atmosphere is bland, and worthlessI will be recommending friends/family that they avoid this place.  This could all be solved with prices 40-50% lower, although I doubt they will comply.Bottom line:  don't bother
3	I really only go to Los Favs for one of two things:Bacon Breakfast Burritos.Chili Verde Burritos.Both are better than the same product that is offered by other Mexican places in the immediate area.  I like their red and green sauces.  The chips that they serve are perfect for my taste.Their hours are very convenient for most people, since they open early and close late.The staff there has always been friendly towards me.  As long as they do their job, that's all I ask for.
3	Pretty good for a decent price.  The rolled taco plate was the special and it was only $4.50.  They came with a topping of quacamole and cheese and they were quite good.  The quesadilla my daughter had was huge and full of nicely melted cheese.  She loved it but then you really can't go too wrong with a quesadilla.  The place was fairly busy with about 5 tables occupied.  It could have been just a bit cleaner in terms of the floor and tables but it was not bad.  They may have just had a rush and not had the chance to come out and clean.  I'll give them benifit of the doubt on that one.  I will go back and try more items on the menu.  They have specials every day and a fairly vaired menu.  It's located in a strip mall next to Starbucks and just down the way is Angel Sweet for dessert.  Overall it was decent.
1	If I could give this place a 0 I would... We stopped in today and I paid $4.50 for a large guac to go. Imagine my surprise when I opened it in front of my guests and it was so watered down it was soup. I had to throw it away and apologize to my friends. I will NEVER spend another penny at this place. You have been warned!
2	Sigh.  The taco plate was skimpy and bland.  I don't mind getting a small portion, but don't charge me $8.21 for it.Get ready to drench your flavor-challenged tacos in hot sauce.  Maybe try a burrito instead?One word: disappointing.
5	This place was OUTSTANDING!  I've lived in the same place almost two years and I see this place PACKED all the time but haven't eaten there til this weekend!  Breakfast Burritos all come with Potato Egg and Cheese and they are sooooooo good!  Staff was very friendly and helpful!
3	Fast - Affordable - Good Food.  East of Chandler at the 101 - Behind the Kinkos.
1	I went to this place knowing that it was fast food mexican.  The food was just ok and I've tried it a few times. The people that work there are never nice and have never said Hi or thank you. I'm obviously not going there for the atmosphere but c'mon you could have some manners. The last time I ate here the girl started mopping under my table that I was eating at and all of the others beside me. The smell of the floor cleaner was so overwhelming it got me sick. I did tell her not to mop near me but should I have to? I won't be eating here again. Even if the food was good it's not worth the attitude this place gives.
3	Ok, it isn't a BAD 3 star, is just that my favorite thing there is their breakfast burrito made w/ chorizo.  The other stuff it is your usual taste from any of those chains...such as Filibertos(ugh) but this place is much much better, not bad pricing either.  Pretty clean place as well.
4	Um... Why haven't I ever been here before? Really great food, sit down restaurant quality good. Taco Smell's got nothin on these guys. The shredded beef tacos kill. Robert Pfeifer
3	Decent little taco stand sort of restaurant. The burrito that I had was good, nothing to shout about, but a solid breakfast burrito. The nice thing about it was that you can order breakfast foods all day and it still tasted good.Mine came out pretty quick, but my friend's burrito was quite long in arriving. They have some good combination burritos that aren't significantly more expensive like the ones you might try to get at other places. I would visit again to get a second opinion of the place.
4	Love them, great little hole in the wall ! Great tacos, nachos and burritos and it doesn't put a hole in your wallet. We prefer the one on Chandler Blvd. and Dobson in Chandler.
4	Mmmmm....Los Favs....Their breakfast burritos are always on point and so is their Carne Asada which are my personal favorite in the state so far compared to (Fillbertso) Filly bs,and rubias in tempe on mill and southern? i think that's the name of the other spot. Favs always get it right though for the most part. Lately they have been overcooking the french fries but it is still amazing regardless.  Their burritos seem pretty small to me compared to taqueira me casita or whatever on warner and dobson but their california burrito is my quick i don't really know what i want so i'm gonna choose this option. Like i said, i usually get the carne asada fries or the breakfast burrito because you can never go wrong with either selection.       I seriously have been thinking about it all night and i am always more than excited to go every time. I am a typical foodie so excuse the excitement as i text as i am preparing for my day of work and stop for my breakfast burrito along the way ;) I once ordered rolled chicken tacos and it was extremely bland and just meh. I wanted to throw it away after i ate one out of three. But my friend made me pack it up. So not only did i end up wasting my food but i wasted a container. i cannot force down food just because that is definitely not my style to say the least.       Living in Arizona you will find hit or miss places, i have heard a lot of people say this is just as disgusting as Filly B's but i beg to differ. Filly b's is just beyond nasty and my stomach always hurts after eating their overly salty carne asada fries. gross. okay back to Favs. I don't necessarily care for the fact that they charge you extra for sour cream,cheese, etc etc etc in your burrito. I am spoiled from the mexican spot down the street on warner and dobson because they load your burrito in front of your face with two scoops of rice, beans, and 2-4 scoops of meat depending on what meat and if u ask for half and half. and let you add in sour cream cheese and whatever else for free. the burrito looks as though its the size of some buff guys bicep. HONESTLY. Favs burritos are half the size of a regular sized girls forearm for 4 dollars compared to 6. their prices on breakfast burritos and carne asada fries are always in my budget though.Los Favs Here I Come!!! :D
4	I've been coming here since it was called Papa Chuys (it was changed because Chuys sued them for the name).  The food has always been consistently good. It is hard finding a breakfast burrito any better. The carne asada is just as good and the tortillas are soft. The place is always busy. That has to say something!
4	I like coming here in the morning and having a breakfast burrito and then going outside and sitting in the morning sun.It is nice too, if you happen to prefer a coffee or tea instead of a juice with your breakfast burrito then you can go next door to Starbucks and get that.Is this place super styling? No. But I like it. Simple. Order food. Get it. Eat it. And then you are off to your next Yelping location.Maybe next time I should try one of their non-breakfast burritos!
4	Love the salad, but the Nachos are better
4	Haven't had anything on the menu I didn't like and I'm very picky about Mexican food. My all time favorites are their breakfast burritos and beef rolled tacos. Simple, inexpensive and quick.
5	I started with my first los fav breakfast burrito at the los favs in Tempe. I was delighted to find this Chandler. Location right near my new home 2 years ago. I love their breakfast burritos and the carne asada fries are to die for! Great food and awesome service.
5	Awesome best Carne Asada burrito.
5	Sausage breakfast burrito and green salsa are awesome.
5	Love this place, I get the chicken tacos every time.  Rice and beans are great, and the hot sauce is homemade.
2	Personally, I used to come here a lot more often than I do.  I've noticed, what I feel to be, a rather slide in the quality in the food.  The carne asada burrito I recently got tasted okay, but the meat tasted lesser quality than I was used to.  The guacamole was a bit thinner than i like.  I gave them this score due to them having much better history with me and I hope/think/suspect  they had a weak day.  If they do better or worse next time, I'll post something that will reflect it.
5	The best, and largest Breakfast Burritos in Arizona!  I love there Egg, Bacon, Potato and Cheese Burrito with Green Chile,  Thank you Los Favoritos, always high quality, great tasting food, every time I have ever visited!
4	I went once the day i moved to Arizona. Small place. I had the fish taco and i have to say it was well above average compared to other fast food places, and measured up to many higher priced restaurants too. I would and will go back.
5	best place ever! i crave it everyday
4	When my family was too short on time for a trip to Barrio Cafe, we slipped into Los Favoritos for some quick tacos, enchiladas and burritos. Nothing on the menu disappointed, and we visited again a few nights later during a late study session.
2	I must say, the food is great.  My favorite is the El Diabla shrimp plate. It normally takes awhile to make, but it's worth it. However, on my last visit, I waited a bit longer than normal. I went up to the counter, and after being ignored for awhile, I handed the lady my ticket. She did apologize and informed me that they haven't even started it yet. I wasn't willing to wait this time. I was obviously upset and they didn't offer to refund my money, give a discount, put a rush on it, or anything. She just informed me that if I still wanted it, I would have to wait awhile. WTF?!!? They replaced my El Diabla, the entire reason I went there, with a couple other burritos. Again, no offer to make it right. In total, I ended up waiting about 45 min-1hr, and still didn't get what I wanted. I should have just asked for my money back. Customer Service is everything. I'm really disappointed. Even though I like the food, I don't believe I'll ever return.
4	Good nachos, breakfast burritos, and regular tacos.
2	Okay food in a fast food ambiance.  I had the chicken chimichanga combination plate.  The tortilla was very crispy and the filling included some cheese, onions, and chilies.  The chimi was topped with generous helpings of guacamole and sour cream.  The rice was dry, but the refried beans were okay.  The Dr. Pepper in the soda fountain was a teensy bit watered down. My husband was not impressed with his carnitas burrito.  He got a nasty surprise when he cut it open.  It was stuffed with pico de gallo and guacamole, in addition to the dry carnitas.  He hates guacamole.
5	The staff is very friendly. Food gets done fast and everything I've had is amazing. The bacon breakfast burrito is so good, so Is the three rolled taco meal, and the bean and cheese burrito . I could eat here everyday .. Red sauce is AMAZING.
4	Great food and friendly counter staff.  This is perfect for an early run into work and craving Mexican food.  I got the chorizo burrito and it was perfect.
4	Best Vegan Burritos around town.  And the horchata is so rich and sweet that it basically tastes like a liquefied churro.  Amazing.
2	We decided to try this place for lunch today and it was okay at best. Its nothing special. Its similar to Elmer's Tacos or Someburro's but I would actually prefer one of those places over this Los Favoritos. Their red hot sauce was odd because I could taste no flavor just the onset of a spiciness. The rice was moist, which was good, and the refried beans were fine. Nothing was awful it just wasn't anything to rave about. The place was clean and the staff was friendly. But since I prefer the tastes of the places listed above I probably won't be back.
4	Good customer service, very polite and friendly. The food is a little better than average Mexican food.
5	Los Favoritos is outstanding for a casual fast food mexican restaurant.  They have the best ground beef ever! My family and friends all love their food, sit down restaurant quality food without the high prices! Love it!
5	This place gets five stars for the green salsa alone. It's addictive, and they sell it BY THE CUP FULL. What they really ought to do is bottle it and put it in the store. It's spicy enough, but not overwhelmingly so. The breakfast burrito is the only thing I've had, and we get it every Sunday. The ham is the best, but so is the chorizo and bacon. You can't go wrong, especially with a side of pinto beans. Take it to go, eat in on the patio.. this place can't be beat. The price is right, and the green sauce is addictive.
3	First, the hours on Yelp aren't correct. They are open until Midnight most nights and until 2AM (not PM) others.  We hurried over to be there by 2pm without real cause.I had the carne asada tacos.  Pleasantly, they come with guacamole and pico already, so you don't need to order that extra.  The guacamole was even pretty good - not watery and thin like some places make it.  The tacos were pretty good -- not the best I've had, but not bad.The Jamaica (hibiscus) iced tea was really, really sweet.  If you are looking for an unsweetened tea, don't get this.The place was clean, and the staff is friendly.
4	I had the beef taco and cheese enchilada combo with beans and rice. The beans and rice were pretty standard. The cheese enchilada was quite cheesy and tasty. The beef taco was just OK, but that's partly my fault. I was expecting ground beef, but you have to specifically ask for it, so the next time I will go in I'll try that.
4	The bacon breakfast burritos are delicious!
2	Service stinks here!  i was looking right at the board and pointed to the two taco combo.  I got just 2 tacos not the combo and when I asked where the beans and rice were they acted like i was imposing on them.  If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?  Then they tossed the beans and rice in the bag and made a huge mess out of everything.  I guess 'cause I am a gringo they simply just don't care!
2	Growing up on the North Side, where Mexican food is everywhere.  I am a bit of a snob when it comes to this. My boyfriend and I moved to Chandler from Tempe and said oh let's get tacos! We go to Los Favoritos and the cashier girl, was RUDE.  The food was medicore, the decor the same. But the biggest issue was the beans. Seriously, rice and beans are a STAPLE.  The rice was decent, the beans just tasted like chicken broth. I thought beans had lard. But shit this gringa found better elsewhere.Pro'sCheapConsdecorfoodservice.
4	At first I was skeptical because of the reviews on yelp, but the food was quite good. There was nothing wrong with my order. It did take awhile for my order to come out but other then that, it's a nice place
1	Go somewhere else. Really bad service and mediocre food. I don't understand crappy rude service. Why? We pay your bills. Really snarky counter girl really got under my skin. Ordered my food and no eye contact or a thank you.  Gave her my corporate credit card to pay and she snaps back its declined. I told her it was impossible as there's 12 thousand in there and asked her to run it again. She literally rolled her eyes at me. No really she rolled her eyes at me like I'm some deadbeat who can't pay for a 6 dollar burro. Of course it went through. No thanks or eye contact again. Come to get my food she walked away without asking me if I needed anything. Had to wait and ask for my soda cup. She pours me a solo cup of water without ice and walks away. Have to wait for her to come back and ask for my cup again. She shoots me the stink eye and says she doesn't remember charging me for a drink. Brings me a small cup when my receipt says MD Soda $1.65. Again she lays out a snarky comment saying nearly under her breath that she hadn't charged me for the soda and now I'm annoyed further from her remarks inferring I'm a scammer and looked right in her eye and said You know what. ..you did charge me. Had a carne asada burro with beans no rice. Bland food. Everything needs salt. No love in this food at all.
2	Highly Disappointing. The meat served here is made on a griddle. Authentic Carne Asada is made on a GRILL!! Thats what Asada means in spanish, made on a GRILL! This saddens me to the point I will never return.  What I am saying my fellow Yelpers, when you order Carne Asada thats what you expect. In all honesty, the carne asada served here is cheap imitation.
2	My friend suggested Los Favoritos and since we were in the area, I was intrigued. Upon entering there, the place wasn't very busy, but I assume that most of their business happens after people get off of work since they're open until 12am.They have many booths for you to sit at, and it's not cramped at all. It's a very open area with a high ceiling and light coming in from all sides from the large windows. Across the way sits Starbucks, so if you want a nice ritzy coffee to accompany your Mexican food, you can head over there for a sweet treat.I ordered the Cheese Enchilada and Beef Taco combo, it took some time for our orders to come out (aside from us there, there were about two other people there, but they were already eating), after we got our orders, we picked up the red salsa and left.The food, ehh... it was good, but it reminded me of the other Mexican food joints around here. The Beef Taco is shredded beef, which was good (to me). The cheesy enchilada was cheesy and yummy, but for the price that was paid I expected two enchilada's, not one. The rice was ok, nothing great, I've had my share of Mexican fried rice and haven't found one that I have yet to like (except my fathers). Refried beans were good, but tasted like they came from a can. But like I said before, it tasted like the other restaurants.I would not mind eating here again, they have a variety of things to eat and try, so maybe next time I will try something else!
5	The Biscuits on Dobson was just way too crowded and annoying the other day, so we swung in here for a breakfast burrito.  Not our usual location, but the great quality of the bacon breakfast burrito was the same as we are used to.  Those things are addictive!  They were very busy and had two registers going with two friendly employees.  As the bumper stickers say, "I heart Los Favs!"
4	I had a fish taco a few days ago. I'm not into fried food but it was really good! So tonight I just had the shrimp (not fried) I was expecting shrimp in a can type baby shrimp but they weren't. They were butterflied and a decent size.. Add fresh cilantro and special sauce.. I'm hooked.
4	The best place to go for breakfast burritos, specifically the chorizo. I have never been let down by the quality in taste here. The chorizo is always delicious and has a good amount of spice. Just dont plan for a quick lunch break here, because it's usually quite busy from 11am - 2pm
4	I've been here a few times. Not too bad. I like it better than some other...slightly sketchier...places. Their chili rellano burrito is definitely better than the competition, and the carne quesadilla supreme is really good. Just don't order the carne quesadilla without making it supreme. It's rather bland!Service is quick and friendly, and it's a great place to go ruin your workout. :)
5	Really good breakfast burritos....tasty, consistent, large portions and good salsa to go with it!
4	I typically go here for a breakfast burrito or chicken rolled tacos (taquitos). Based on the location of this particular Los, they are often busy and the tables aren't always clean. Though I don't sit and eat often, when I do, I'd prefer a clean table (wiped with a cleansing agent and not a rag from the sink in the back).
5	My shrimp burrito is taking an entire lunch break to cool down! Try the crane asada California burrito and mind-blowing bean breakfast burrito.
1	This taco shop has nothing on the shops in TJ my California burrito tasted like soup rolled up in a tortilla it was gross and super hot! My idea was it was gonna be pollo asado con avacado maybe black beans and sour cream but I got something so gross and the adobado burro was not seasoned pork it was full of grease!!!
4	Best ham breakfast burritos ever....and the cooks at this location specifically know how to make them right!!! Any other location you go to it's a hit or miss, but most of the time a miss. Oh and it's only like 4 bucks for the breakfast burrito! So you get your money's worth
5	Yum yum! Love the carna asada burrito & tacos! Oh & the carna asada fries too! Customer service is good & there is a nice amount of seating. I usually just call in for a pick up if it is busy which I love (: All of my friends and family I have recommended to this place have never complained. Bomb.com
3	It's not spectacular but coming from sd, where Mexican is amazing, I haven't been impressed much
4	Great place for a quick lunch.  The Chili Verde Chimi is excellent.  Not fancy but really good Mexican food.  Fast Service at great prices.
4	This place is usually infested with Chandler High kids and that makes me stressed.  Have I become a bitter old lady?  Bah hambug!Anyways, I've been coming here for years.  I was introduced to this place some time during my ASU days by some guys I use to hang with.  While their food might not be traditional, I always enjoy my meal.  The place is decorated sparingly and the tables aren't the cleanliest [high school hangout, remember?], the portions are great for the price you pay.  I usually get the carne asada burrito combo or the California burrito combo.  You get moist fluffy rice, decent refried beans, and a giant [not Chipotle giant or anything but a good size] burrito for the combo.  I love how they don't pack their burritos with cheap "filler" ingredients.  They seriously stuff your burrito with a ton of flavorful meat!I'll probably keep coming back for many years to come when I need me some Americanized-Mexican eats although I rather take my food to-go because high schoolers are the bane of my existence.  Wee!  If only their red sauce was spicier...
5	The best
4	Mmm this place is delicious! I love the carne asada fries that are loaded up with cheese, pico, sour cream, YUM! I worked in an authentic mexican restaurant and this is the only place that comes close to impressing my palette. They are pretty quick with getting orders out and I always enjoy my meal.
5	Carne asada is so good!
3	They certainly could get a little more organized. Worth the wait though.
1	Their menudo really sucks. They don't even put hominy in it at all not even one kernel. It's too red. I didn't eat it I'm taking it back for a refund. I really wanted it too. It's a great hangover dish but don't buy it at Los Favoritos!
4	You can not really go wrong with a breakfast burrito at Los Favs. They are always tasty and fresh, and they use real tortillas. We have also gotten their refried beans a couple times, and we enjoyed them as well.
4	Oh Los Faves, you sure know how to make a great breakfast burrito. What I love about Los Faves is that their burritos are not greasy, and they offer them with either flour or whole wheat tortilla. I'm boring with my order and usually get a sausage burrito, and sometimes a quesadilla. Their quesadilla is made with American cheese and not with queso blanco. On weekend mornings, expect a long wait with orders (around 15-20 minutes) since they get really busy. It's a good place to get a nice warm burrito and do yourself a favor and ask for the salsa verde, it gives the right kick to deliciousness!
