5	I have been coming here to have the Keratin treatment done by Alice Meda. It keeps the natural frizz out of my hair for up to 4 months. I have had it done three times now and I have not noticed any long term damage to my long hair.
5	First I have to say I never, ever thought that I would be writing a review for of all things a Brazilian wax, but here I am. I have been going to Denise for quite some time now and she is a total pro and a perfectionist. She made the whole process feel natural and not-so-awkward and trust me the first time is very awkward, but she is so great she quickly put me at ease. After all its not every day you let some stranger see your who-who. Is it painless?..not quite but its not as bad as most make it seem. I guess it's like a tattoo..pain is all in the beholder. Back to Denise, she is very, very reasonable. I can get waxed top to bottom along with my eyebrows with a tip for less than $60 and she's quick. The salon is clean and inviting with a mix of clientele. I also recently had my hair cut by Lydia. I had tried a salon that came highly recommended on Yelp and literally walked out with a modified mullet & $90 poorer! I had minor surgery about a year ago and the result was my hair falling out. A little reluctant but in dire need of a hair cut I thought I would give this salon a try. I am so glad I did. Lydia was honest in telling me that since the hair loss no matter what she did she couldn't give me the babe-a-lious hair that I desired. What she gave me was hair that looked so much fuller, healthier and manageable again for more than half the cost of the salon that came highly recommend!I give Clipology five stars..which I don't do very often but these ladies are awesome and would recommend them in a heart beat.
5	Recently went back to Lydia for a "style" this time. We decided to go the short route..so, so glad I did. The haircut she gave me is probably one of the best haircuts I have ever had...ever! It works with my texture and thickness of my hair and literally takes me about 10 minutes in the morning to style. Since cutting me about a month a go I haven't had a bad hair day! Thanks Clipology and Lydia!
4	The lady we go to (Alice)  is Great at cutting hair, she has a wonderful personality and she has some great hair products at a great prices. That's the Good news abpout this place.The Bad news is, the person at the front desk know's absolutely nothing about any of the hair stylists or their products and has a personality of a box! I have shown up there to buy product's from Alice on her day off and the lady at the front desk has basiclly told me to come back on another day when Alice is in! To me that is a waste of gas and Alice doesn't desirve that!To the OWNER: Find somebody NEW to run your front desk!!! Give your stylist Alice a BIG HUG and a Thank you for being SO Wonderful!!!
5	Tony is my favorite stylist.  He keeps my hair bright, shinny and always in a fun contemporary, fun and professional cut that happens to be easy.   He cuts to complement my personality, face structure and lifestyle.  I can change it up for going out, business meetings or let it air dry with the kids at home.  A good cut will allow you to not style it but let it air dry.  I never knew this until Tony did my hair.Tony is a wizard with color too!  Actually, if you are looking for a colorist, I know this is his specialty. I'm a redhead and he matches my color perfectly to my natural coloring and when I want get a little crazy, he follows suit without going over the top.   I've actually seen him mentor new stylists on getting the right color.I have seen him work on every age and personality.  From 20 some-things wanting more drastic styles to more mature style and sets!  Tony makes everyone look and feel great through his talents and overall charm.
