5	Probably one of my favorite events of all time. It was outside the box but still had all the bells and whistles.True craft pizza had the coolest truck and very unique pizza. My personal favorite by far was the clam garlic white pizza. I also enjoyed the blt pizza. They made a ton of different varieties and I'm pretty see I got to try a slice of each!I'm not very artistic and was a little intimidated at first but they staff walked us through step by step and as we went the more confident I became. Maybe it was the wine. The set up was great with everything you need right in front of you. Thankfully they had smocks as well. The wine was great, and Sierra Nevada was nice enough to send us each home with a 6-pack if beer. With the painting and 6-pack in hand I completely forgot my cute gift bag they had put together for us with wine opener and stemless glass. Can't wait to do this again! Great event Nikki!
5	Ok, this has by far been my favorite Yelp Elite event to date!!  This was just so much fun and such a cool concept!!  It was laid back and yet a perfect chance to let your creative juices flow!!Plus one and I arrived and immediately headed outside to gander at the grub provided by True Craft Pizza (food truck version).  They chefs were working hard to crank out pizza after pizza and they were even taking requests.  The food was plentiful so there was no reason for anyone to leave hungry.  They also provided a huge salad to accommodate the variety of gourmet pizzas being offered.  After hovering over the pizza table for several minutes we headed inside, grabbed a glass of wine and found our spot to create our painting masterpieces!!The instructors were super friendly and led us step by step through a painting of the beautiful skyline of our beloved QC.  I don't have an artistic bone in my body but with the guidance of Pinot's staff I felt like Michelangelo.  I was whipping my paintbrush around and OWNING my painting!  It was quite therapeutic to boot!!The pizza kept flowing in and the "pizza break" offered at 8pm with grilled pizza was just on a whole other level.  True Craft truly brought their A-game and I love them for it. The wine was pouring, the laughs were many and the food was perfect.  What a wonderful night!!  Plus, the gift bag, what??!!  A free wine glass, nail file, and wine opener perfectly fit the theme of the night.Pinot's is in a great location and they offer some great painting options so we will definitely be back!Amazing event by our lovely CM-Nikki.  This was awesome!!!
5	There was definitely a large crew out for this party - and the awesomely unique truck from True was on hand to take care of their culinary needs, pumping out one unique pizza after another: pepperoni, sausage, pepperoni and sausage, meat and hot peppers, four cheese, garlic and clams, margherita, prosciutto (grilled), blt (grilled) - there may have been others, but at that point I was so stuffed I couldn't eat any more. Until I took a break a while later and stuffed myself some more.Meanwhile, the painting was happening, thanks to the able instruction of the fine folks at Pinot's Palette. Starting with a mostly blank canvas (only an outline of a skyline was visible), we turned them into masterpieces that looked something like Charlotte had a post-impressionist, new-south baby with van Gogh's Starry Night. Or Crazy Nights from Kiss, perhaps. It all depends on how much you had to drink.By the end of the evening, everyone seemed generally happy with what they produced, and was trying to figure out how to hang their new artwork - or at least get it home without getting paint on themselves or their vehicle. Well, that and trying to carry out the other take-home gifts: A goodie bag from Pinot's and a six pack from Sierra Nevada. It's like we were painting Dali, not van Gogh - how many arms did they think we had to carry all this stuff?!?Big thanks to Pinot's for having us out, for True - keeping those pizzas rolling was no easy task, and that truck is awesome, if you get tired of it, you can leave it at our house - and to our CM McDimpletons for putting it all together!
5	The event was awesome! Pinot's was a great venue and did a wonderful job instructing the painting class. It was fun to see everyone else's creativity. Would definitely recommend others try out a painting party with friends.
5	Still recovering from the fun-overload that this Painting Party provided....  Definitely had a good time testing my yelp "creative" side and catching up with fellow Elites.  Total props to Nikki for getting everything together... it was just a great evening.  The weather was gorgeous, the staff at Pinot's Palette were super nice, the pizza from True Crafted Pizza's vintage truck was absolutely delicious, and the company and creativity from fellow Elites was just a great combination-definitely helped break the work week up!From my seat in the class, I could see the pizza oven on the truck blazing away.... I was amazed at the delicious creations of pizza that the folks at True Crafted Pizza provided for us.  I thought I had taken some photos, since the pizzas were so pretty to look at... but I think I was too busy stuffing my face. :(  My favorite was the prosciutto, bacon, arugula pizza with balsamic drizzle... but the mushroom and onion was a close second....actually all pizzas I tried were pretty darn awesome.Always find it amazing (I've done a paint w/ wine class once before) that you are given the same materials and instruction and come up with totally unique paintings due to everyone's perspective, ability, and overall awesomeness.  Add a little (or a lot) of alcohol and you got one heck of an evening.Will have to return to Pinot's Palette to take a regular class... They have only been open since January and Atherton Mill is lucky to have them here!!  So honored to be a part of this yelp event, and as a side note:  Nikki W., I thought your circles were excellent ;)
4	That Bob Ross was full of crap.Despite having a stenciled sky line and instructions, my painting still looked like a toddler fell into some paint and then just rolled around on my easel.But, that is not Pinto Palette's fault or the fact that grandpa, who was a painter, failed to pass on that part of the genes.In any case, I had a blast. That was the first time since 8th grade art history I had touched a paint brush and it was really neat to see everyone's different stylings given the same subject.Nikki once again knocked an event out of the park bringing in Sierra Nevada and True Crafted Pizza (can I get their catering truck to just follow me around? Seriously tasty creations especially the BLT).I love the events where there is an activity and a good chance to mingle. Terrific evening.
5	What a great event! It seemed as though everyone invited was really enjoying themselves. The goody bags provided by Pinot's Palette were super cute, the complementary six-pack from Sierra Nevada was great, and the painting and pizza were out of this world. True Crafted Pizza was very unique with their wood fired food truck, and pizza topping choices. I had pizza with eggs, bacon and potatoes on it. Delicious! I tried a few other slices and each were equally as good. I will definitely be seeing them again soon. Pinot's Palette was a gracious host and the wine, beer and painting were very well organized. Our "teacher" went at an easy to follow pace and by the end of the night everyone went home with their own version of Van Gogh. I was very appreciative that Pinot's offered to clean up our mess too. After all the food, drink and hard work the last thing I wanted was to clean off my brushes. So thanks for that too!Thanks to Nikki for a great event. Definitely impressed with Pinot's, True Pizza and Sierra Nevada. THANKS!
5	This was such an awesome event! Kudos to Nikki for putting the event together and it was fun. Shout out to Pinot Palette and their wonderful staff for graciously having us Yelpers.Also big thumbs up to TrueCrafted Pizza - you guys worked mighty hard out there, and the pizza were awesomely delicious! I will be sure to bring my husband to your Rea Rd location!Why this event was fun and successful -Upon entering the venue, I am immediately greeted by the community manager and staff of Pinot Palette. What a warm welcoming!Afterwards, I was to grab an apron, find a seat, to find a neat swag bag of goodies. Then we were treated to some drinks at the bar, and pizza crafted by True Crafted Pizza outside. It was such a wonderful weather and day to eat outside. Being content, came inside to the establishment. Talked to a fellow elite - super nice! When the painting instructor got started, was entertained by Nicolette, my neighbor, and her Godzilla painting !All in all, a wonderful evening with good food, good company, great venue, and relaxing.
5	What a wonderful event! I have nothing but great things to say. I have been meaning to attend one of Nikki's events and I'm so glad my schedule allowed for me to join in on the painting fun. The pizza was delicious, creative and delivered  off a truck with a wood burning stove, I don't think it get's much better. Every 5 minutes there was a fresh pie coming out of the oven. The wine and beer kept flowing which made my painting look better and better as the night continued. Pinot's did a fabulous job! The event was organized, everything was set out when we arrived and the instruction was clear and easily mimicked. The mic was good touch.Once I started painting I was in a zone. I found the combination of music, wine and painting quite relaxing.After a night of painting, I know that I can't quit my day job but I will return to Pinot's soon and grab a slice of pizza from true. Thanks Nikki and team for a really fun and creative event. Now, I  have to figure out where to hang my masterpiece!!
5	First I must say how happy I am that I got to Nikki at this event and what an awesome job she did planning it. Where to start with how awesome the night was. Should it be with a shout out to the AWESOME staff at Pinot's? Seriously, could they have been any nicer? And big props for making me feel like my painting was cool b/c I used purple- even though in reality it left much to be desired! Maybe it was the wine or the delicious Sierra Nevada but at a certain point I started to believe it myself! At that point I realized I should sober up and luckily to do so all I had to do was take a few steps to grab some pizza to help soak up the booze! Man, did True Pizza deliver. The cheese and the pepperoni were superb. But the real stars for me were the bacon, egg and potato pie and the grilled varieties with the prosciutto and the BLT which I am still thinking about. I can't wait to use my coupon and go check this place out where I can truly stuff my face and not have to worry about sharing or looking greedy! I found myself very relaxed after this event. The painting was truly therapeutic for me and if I find myself getting stressed again in the next couple of days, I'll just wash it down with my 6-pack and reminisce about how awesome this event was and I'm sure I'll be stress free again in no time and if for some reason that doesn't work- we have my husband's 6-pack too! Thanks, Nikki! Can't wait for the next one!!
5	Nikki, once again you are a magical mind reader who grants wishes.  I've been wanting to go to a wine and painting date with my husband for the past month and this was so much more.  Pinots Palette were fantastic and entertaining hosts who made beginners feel like Van Gogh (minus the depression and ear cutting).  The wine and Sierra Nevada beer helped lubricate our creative gears and the step by step instruction brought me back to the good old innocent years of happily coloring at the dinner table.   True Crafted Pizza, you blew my mind.  What an amazing catering set up!  So so impressed.  Delicious and unique varieties of pies and baked on the spot in their beautiful fiery brick oven retro fire truck.  Amazing.  Just what I needed.  Thank you so much!  Like they say, "It's neat to be Elite!"
5	In the past, I declined invites to paint while drinking.  I mean, really, I can't even paint while sober (ask my husband about what I did to our upstairs bathroom).  But, I decided to face my fears and attend this Yelp Elite event at Pinot's Palette.First of all, the staff could not have been any friendlier or more welcoming.  They showed me where to put my purse, indicated where the restrooms were located, and directed me to the bar.  I enjoyed a delicious Sauvignon Blanc, but red wine and Sierra Nevada beer was also available.Our art instructor gave clear directions while demonstrating technique.  But, what I liked most about this was nothing that you did was wrong.  Creative expression encouraged!  So unlike the art lessons that I had in school when the teacher would hold up my rendering and say, "now this is an example of what you don't want to do."True Crafted Pizza rolled up in a to die for 1947 Ford truck and cranked out pizza and salads like nobody's business.  And, they had plenty of vegetarian options!  Cheese, margarita, and mushroom and onion.We all received a lovely little bag containing a nail file, pen, cork screw and  a Pinot's Palette wine glass.  And if that wasn't enough, Nikki sent us home with a six pack of Sierra Nevada beer.  When my husband saw the beer that I brought home,  he forgave me for leaving him leftovers that night.Speaking of the husband, he surprised me by genuinely liking my painting.  He actually thinks that I should display it.  So, I guess that made up for the time that I spilled blue paint in the upstairs  bathroom!One thing that I would suggest to Pinot's Palette is to be a little more adventuresome with their choice of music.  Instead of today's pop standards, perhaps the Thievery Corporation channel or  another exotic pick would enhance the theme of self expression.Nikki, thanks again for another incredible event!
5	This was a FANTASTIC event!!  Nikki is a ROCK STAR once again!  The staff at Pinot's Palette were so awesome...and patient!   Sierra Nevada kept us hydrated and happy and True Craft Pizza tantalized my tastebuds and captured my heart with their A-MAZING catering truck.  I mean seriously...it was a brick oven on the back of a pickup truck...pure genius, I tell ya!!    Painting is typically not my thing, but add some wine, yummy food, and a group of fun & fabulous Yelpers and it turned out to be my thing afterall...who knew?!?!  Then my husband said that it was something that he never would have done otherwise, but he's glad that I dragged him along because he had a GREAT time, too!Our paintings have secured a home on our mantle.  We will display them with good humur (thanks to my husband's Man of the Moon face on his moon) and great pride.I can't wait to see what else Nikki has in her magical bag of Yelper tricks!  Every event is better than that last!
5	Once again, our awesome CM Nikki hooked us up with a stellar event!!  We are so lucky to have such a fun and fabulous CM!!!  I will start out by saying that I had tried a grilled pizza at True Crafted Pizza in Stonecrest once and was a little under-whelmed by that experience. So, I wasn't sure what was going to be in store food-wise at this event. However, when I arrived and saw that super-cool truck with the wood-burning oven, I was pretty excited to give them another try!  And boy, did they deliver!! They kept bringing out pizza after pizza... and they also hooked us up with a nice salad to go with the pizza.  Since I don't eat pork or beef, I just tried the plain cheese pizzas... one was Classic Cheese, one was White, and one was Margherita.  I would have loved to try the pizza with Garlic & Clams, but I never timed it right to get to the table in time to grab a slice. But, after enjoying the pizza that I did try, I will definitely be heading back to Stonecrest to check them out again!   Thanks guys (and ladies) for all your hard work and providing all the wonderful food!! So, onto to the main event... I have been seeing all these Groupons and deals for Vino Painting parties and was curious about checking them out.  Pinot's Palette definitely hooked us up for the evening by providing us with a super-fun painting class!  While I won't be quitting my day-job anytime soon to become an artist, I sure had fun being an amateur painter for the evening while enjoying some tasty vino!   I couldn't convince Tim to try his hand at painting, but he had a good time just enjoying the food, vino, and watching everyone so diligently trying to make their masterpieces look as good as the one painted by our instructor. :-) And of course, it is always fun to catch up with all the awesome Elite Yelpers & their plus ones! Thanks again Nikki, True Crafted Pizza, Pinot's Palette, and Sierra Nevada for the wonderful evening!!!
5	THIS EVENT ROCKED!I cannot wait to go back to Pinot's Palette and work on my next masterpiece.  I chose to do my own version of the Charlotte Sky Line but I loved the direction provided and seeing everyone else's art skills.  We are a talented group of Yelpers!  Thanks for the goodie bags too.The pizza catering truck - True Crafted Pizza -  was FANTASTIC.  First of all, the truck is bad ass!  The pizza oven pizza was SUPERB and the grilled pizza was even BETTER!  I miss great pizza & I can certainly say they have some of the most creative pizza options and they make GREAT pizzas.  They are not a "food truck"  they only CATER, so you find them at food truck rallies.  If you are thinking about hosting an event, this would be an awesome option for a food vendor.  I skipped on the wine this time and enjoyed a Sierra Nevada Ruthless IPA, which is rare for me because I typically don't like IPAs.  It was actually good and not hoppy or bitter at all!  Thanks to the beverage sponsors, without you, my artistic ability is severely lacking. ;)
5	So the typical Yelp Elite event usually involves food in differing quantities, an assortment of beverages in varying quantities, and a venue looking to draw a littler attention to itself.  This is all fine and good, and generally a good time.  So how do you kick it into overdrive?  You get the creative juices flowing flowing with a participatory event for everyone.Pinot's Palette, a local paint and drink studio, provided just such the opportunity as we all sat down with a plate full of acrylic paint, a blank canvas and an instructor to lead us through the creation of our own versions of "Charlotte's Starry Night."  The space was open and had a nice little bar area tucked into the back corner, to keep the alcohol a-coming.  While you could buy a glass of what they had in house, we rocked the beer from Sierra Nevada- a hoopy little IPA, of which we also got to each take a 6-pick home.  Super nice score!  Wine flowed as well, in both the white and red varities.But the indulgence didn't stop there.  True Crafted pizza was parked just outside the front door with one of the most ridiculous food trucks I've ever seen.  An old Ford pickup, converted with a full wood burning pizza oven in the back AND an open grill.  Once these guys started tossing pies, I swear they didn't stop all night.  And it wasn't just your garden variety pizza, I'm talking some true gourmet works of art here:  garlic and clams, breakfast pies with potatoes and egg, four cheese white pies, and some prosciutto craziness, just to name a few. The pies were cooked to perfection too, with a crust that was crunchy on the outside but had a wonderful chewy tooth on the inside bits.  I don't live near their retail location, but I'd make the journey here for some more of that goodness.  Impressive in both presentation and sheer quantity for this large crew.The actual painting event was quite nice as well, though I easily needed another few hours to get my "masterpiece" to a point where I felt like it could be done.  The instructor and her aides were both confident and motivational, always willing to help if you missed an instructional help.  Even for non-painters, these guys would make sure you started with the basics and built your piece up from there.  Things got a bit rushed toward the end, but isn't that always the way?!That's just tells me this was so much fun that the time flew by.  I'd easily go back again, even without the pizza and beer.  Thanks to our CM Nikki for putting it together and to all the vendors who really strutted their skills out for the evening.  Nights like this really show just how diverse Charlotte's dining and entertainment options can be.
5	So much fun to be had while drinking, eating, and painting. Just about my favorite combo ever. I had tried True pizza in Stonecrest before and hadn't been that impressed. This food truck definitely stepped up their game. The pizza was so fresh. Being a fan of the typical pepperoni flavor, I was able to try somethings I wouldn't normally (because they pushed up the creativity notch). My favorite was the sausage and peppers pizza. Pinot's Palette (pronounced like the wine), is located in Atherton Mill. A great space with plenty of room for the popularity of the event. Normally I would feel crammed, but picking a spot by the bar was probably my best decision that night. Oh, and painting the bat signal in the Charlotte skyline :). The instruction, was a little scattered. I'm sure it's because there were over 40 people to teach. I think it was a little rushed at the end, but I was fine because I had painted before. I think if it was your first time, it would have been a little hard to follow. It was such a wonderful way to spend a Wednesday night. I was able to make new friends, drink some great wine, eat some fantastic pizza, and take home a new piece of artwork. Thank you Nikki for another wonderful event! Thanks True and Pinot's Palette for providing the food and entertainment!
5	Can you believe drinks and painting was combined and no one spilled over their water cup or paint palette?! Event was awesome, nice job CM! The painting was fun and the instructor was quite pleasant and gave directions really well! I loved that at the end, every one took their own approach and the paintings were a bit different. Definitely a fun night and I'd of course do it again. Pinot's has recently added a bar which will be in full effect next month so great way to drink and paint without having to bring your own. The studio was great, appreciated the Sierra Nevada and the pizza was great - loved that they kept putting out different types. No standard pepperoni here but True Crafted Pizza offered up BLT pizza and my personal favorite, the proscuitto and arugula pie. Tasty! All in all, great event and fun night!
5	Paint, wine, Yelp, & pizza.  What more does a girl need?!?  I wasn't quite sure what to expect with this event.  Painting is not really for everyone - but apparently it's for Yelpers!  Nikki rocked this event, from the pizza truck to the paint brushes, everything was perfect.  True Crafted Pizza brought out their pimped out food truck - although I'm not sure it can really be classified that way... More of a pizza oasis on wheels.  The pizza was delicious - I kept thinking, "ok, maybe one more slice of the breakfast pizza..."Pinot's Palette has a really great space. It sat all of us comfortably, with extra room for the bar and mingling!  I've taken a few of these classes before with Lyndsay N, and I enjoyed the instruction of this one.  She was very laid back and encouraged creativity.  I can see though, how it would have been easy to get lost - we seemed to run out of time.  It was so nice to see everyone and meet new Yelpers.  Thanks to Pinot's Palette, Sierra Nevada & Nikki for this awesome, out of the box event!!
5	Another awesome event put on by our CM Nikki W.! The painting class hosted by Pinot's Palette was wonderfully done and the pizza from True Pizza was delicious. The beer and wine samples didn't hurt either!
5	Whoa. Nikki delivers yet again!!Food: True Pizza had their beautiful pizza truck parked outside and they were cranking the pies out like nobody's business! Tasty combinations ranging from the ordinary to the extraordinary! My favorite was the BLT flatbread that they put out. So.freaking.good.Beverages: Red, White, RyePA?! I skipped the wine and went for the beer. Sierra Nevada hooked it up. We had plenty of RyePA to drink throughout the evening and even got to take some home!Fun: Pinot's Palette was a wonderful host. They truly made me feel super welcome. Which I appreciated, as I was a bit apprehensive about my lack of creative right-brainedness... Our instructor and assistants were all super friendly, helpful and encouraging! I enjoyed the structure of the class, though I wish I had a bit more time at the end. Overall, I was happy with how my masterpiece turned out :) I can't wait to come back for another night of painting fun!
