1	When I was brand new to the homeowners' world, I got a termite treatment done by Terminix because I had no other knowledge of what else was out there and I was terrified at the fact that I had termites so I just went along with it instead of doing my research.  Big mistake, they slapped me with a $1500 treatment fee and still tried to push their extra warranties on me, on top of the nonstop calls to sell me more crap.  Years later I am about to sell the home and want to have the home treated since I've seen some little buggers flying around.  The other places I've had come out and inspect offered a MUCH lower priced and better deal, and weren't pushy or annoying.  Save yourself the frustration and annoyance and don't use their services.
2	I had a problem w mice so I called terminix (a name I recognized from TV). Here's what happened:Called customer service (central location that books out to branches) and setup an appointment. Scheduled next day for a technician to show up during a several hour period (think cable guy business model). Took the morning off work... Waited... Waited... Waited. No one ever showed. Called customer service (on hold for 20 min while they called the branch ... Told me I cannot contact the branch myself because they are "forbidden from giving out employee phone numbers"... Whatever that means)  customer service then told me that the branch manager would be calling me shortly to get someone out. Proceeded to sit at my house for the rest of the day and never heard from the manager (Mitch?) who was supposed to call. Whole day wasted, never saw or heard back from anyone. Called CS back and they told me someone would reach out in the next 24-48 hrs... No thanks. Couldn't tell you how they actually do when it comes to exterminating BUT I can tell you if you're looking for the "we don't care AT ALL" about your business, business model - this is your place!
4	Thank you to Justin Martinez for the prompt service. It would have been 5 stars but the cleanup crew left lots of dust in back
1	My husband and I have been a Terminix customer for over 18 years. We have 2 homes one in Georgia, one in Phoenix. Both homes are covered in regards to pest control by Terminix. We get the annual termite inspection as required per our contract.We received a card in the mail indicating "It's time for your annual Terminix Termite Inspection". On the opposite side of the card identifies the appointment date and the time to expect a technician. The inspection was scheduled for 10/8/14 between 4:00 - 6:00 PM PST. We waited until 6:00 PM PST no one showed up. We left thinking that we would miss the technician however would get a card indicating "we missed you" no such luck.I called 888.209.2557 (customer service) and was on hold for a total of 23 minutes and 13 seconds. Once I finally spoke to a representative she continued to apologize for the long hold and proceeded to reschedule the inspection.The inspection was rescheduled for the next day 10/9/14 between 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM PST. It is currently 3:40 PM PST. No one showed. Therefore I went online and registered my customer number to set up an online acct with the thought I would be able to see my appointment. Nothing.I called 480.596.4360 which is the number to the Scottsdale branch. I was on hold for approx 10 minutes. I spoke with Jennifer and explained my frustration and asked what happened to the technician? She indicated that the technician went to the house in Georgia. Huh?????Jennifer indicated that she would have the branch manager Tom Martin call me within the next 30 minutes.Believe it or not Tom Martin called within 10 minutes and promised to have a technician by today between 5:00 - 6:00 PM PST.This is very poor customer service. We are extremely dis-satisfied with the support we have received after all these years.  There was nothing offered for the inconvenience...I am sure if you miss a payment you will be dropped faster than customer service  would answer your call. I will never never never recommend Terminix on behalf of their customer service.
