4	Even on one of the hottest days of the year in Phoenix, this place had spots that were considerably cooler making it a pleasant morning hike. It's probably a lot nicer during cooler weather.The volunteers that greeted us were wonderful. They gave us some background on the preserve, invited us to have a look around inside, and gave us insights as to what we'd find when we got to the trails. Since it was our first time there, a volunteer guide took us to a specific point and gave us even more background and information. He helped us map out our first hike and sent us on our way.There's a large variety of trees throughout the preserve and a few places with water (a pond and a small portion of a river). The trails we went on were reasonably easy to navigate and had many places to sit and take in our surroundings or even wait around for birds or other animals to cross our paths.We did get to see some lizards and a few birds along the way and we're looking forward to going back for more in the near future and for years to come.Photographers will want to bring their zoom and macro lenses. Everyone else might want to bring a decent pair of binoculars.The visitor center has educational displays, brochures for the area and for other Nature Conservancy areas throughout Arizona, restrooms, water and soda for sale, and wonderful volunteers who will help in any way they can.
4	Take a note..best time to go is during Spring. I just needed to go during winter as I might leave AZ soon.The place is a little oasis in the desert. The whole area has little easy trails that all together is around 3 miles. Well kept, with no garbage and a nice education center. Host and volunteers are great giving you information and details about this place.Good to enjoy with family and check birds.
5	Great place for kids.  Don't forget to ask about the Junior Ranger activities.  There is a small indoor nature center and a variety of hiking trails around a lake and the river.  The trails are all very kid friendly.  Various signs point the way and name the flora.I find that the Junior Ranger activities help engage kids who look around and after ten minutes of hiking say, "What's next?".  We usually go through three phases of Junior Ranger activity engagement.  The first is antipathy.  In the beginning, it just seems to daunting.  The parents start doing it and having fun.  Then the second stage starts -- engagement achieved.  Everyone is involved.  Not only is the activity doable, but it is fun.  During this stage, the family gets to explore the environs.  After walking around the park, there is usually just a narrative left that stands in the way of the kid and the reward.  An insurmountable task during the first phase, during the third phase, get it done and get the reward, it is completed in short order.  Throughout, the parents insert pearls of wisdom during obvious teachable moments.  And at the end, everyone forgets the first stage, and agrees that they had fun the whole time.
