5	This is one of the best ways to get into shape! Let me take a step back and clarify that I am not thin, I am not at all that athletic, and I am typically not recognized as being "in shape" at all.  It's just that I am not one who likes to work out, and I have little patience with routines and typically try to avoid everything that requires me to break a sweat - yardwork, housework, jogging, working out, presentations, performance reviews, etc.  It's hard to avoid Boot Camp.First, it's fun.  I credit Tammy and crew for that fun. The ladies are all professionals who have families, jobs and anxieties similiar to mine (see above) and find that waking up at 5:30 and meeting at a beautiful park and getting told what to do...well it WORKS!  We laugh at ourselves, we push ourselves and, more often than not, we continue coming back for more!Tammy is a kind, warm, motivating and skilled professional.  She knows what she is doing and she makes every minute of the hour productive, engaging, challenging, and motivating.  It never ceases to amaze me that she knows EXACTLY when to push me and exactly when to let me notch it down a tad.  I have indeed fought back negative messages many times, but I have achieved more success with Boot Camp than I have ever achieved in any other work out program since playing on a sports team in high school.Maybe I just hate sweating alone...so come on down and join us!
5	I just completed my second month of boot camp and I'm going back for more!  I dunno, there's something about being pushed to my limits everyday that gives me such a sense of accomplishment - I can't find it anywhere else.I had done another boot camp in the East Valley so I have some basis for comparison; that boot camp was more like social hour for cliques. This boot camp is an incredible workout! I can tell because my muscles were still getting sore up until the last day. Tammy is the instructor and she is amazing. She keeps the group motivated and is constantly encouraging. It's obvious that Tammy is well-versed in fitness, health and nutrition; she goes into detail and explains what's going on with our bodies. She's very involved and checks our form and gives tips for better performance and to prevent injury.  People from all walks life and fitness levels matriculate to this class.  As different as we are, the sweat and tears bond us during the intense one hour workout. The down side? Now that the sun is coming out earlier it's sucks to see how many people look great at 5:30 in the morning... I look like the crypt keeper.
5	I just finished up a two week "Sexy Slimdown" bootcamp and it was great! Don't get me wrong, I'm not a huge fan of waking up before the sun but I've already noticed results, even in such a short time. I'm signed up for another camp and excited to see the difference it makes! I didn't really have a lot to lose. My goal was to tone up. After two weeks, I feel more solid and can see muscle definition. I also have more energy. Tammy makes it a lot of fun and pushes the group by motivating and staying positive. I definitely recommend it if you need something that will push you to get where you want to be. I wasn't getting the results I wanted on my own and this has been the jump start I needed to get fit and healthy! :)
5	I am in my 6th week of Adventure Bootcamp and have only missed 3 days. I was referred by two other parents at the school where I teach. Like another woman who has gone for a long time told me in the beginning, it is addicting. The location at Dreamy Draw Park is beautiful. Tammy is very organized down to the round timer app she uses on her iPhone for circuit training. Each day welcomes me with a new workout, we do not do the same things day after day. We work different parts of the body, often using our own body weight. I am also amazed at the amount of equipment Tammy does bring. I have also experienced two "hikes" in this 6 week stint. I say "hike" because it is more like trail running, which I have never done before.To top it off, I have met some absolutely wonderful women, who, I have since hiked with on the weekends and gone to breakfast with. It takes a special person to workout at 5:30 in the morning, I can certainly say I am surrounded by more than a few special, motivating, committed people!I am so grateful to be out of the gym, too!Bring on July!
5	Tammy's workouts are the best!! I've been with this boot camp for almost 2 years and every month is different. Tammy is always studying in her field and incorporates new techniques into her training so that it doesn't get old. Tammy is more than a trainer in that she cares about each of us as individuals. I'm sore everyday... good sore though!
5	Tammy is so genuine, and compassionate.  It's not just a workout go home, she is genuine and is very well educated in nutrition.  Great quick entire body workouts.
