5	I had to write about this store. They have such amazing dresses AND they even mailed me  a handwritten note saying how good the dresses looked  on me!  Talk about one on one attention:) If you are a girl and love girly clothes GO TO THIS STORE! If you are a guy take your girlfriend there!:)
4	A great shop with a unique selection of dresses and tops. BCBGirls and To the Max, along with other brands like Lola. I purchased a beautiful royal blue criss-cross tank here for only $18, and was completely happy with my purchase. There was a sale going on while we were there - 30% off dresses and two racks were 50% off.The store is small, but the service was good and the prices were comparable. I would definitely shop here again.
4	Do you LOVE being on top of the trends? You know...maxi dresses, plaid button ups, cage sandals, and more? But...you don't have an endless supply of $$$? Well, if so, then Parallel is for YOU ladies. Came across Parallel while in Planet Hollywood Hotel looking for a restaurant. I was drawn in by the "Take an Additional 50% OFF" sign. You know that sign will get me EVERY TIME. I actually didn't end up making a purchase...but they had maxi dresses for $10, and my friend bought a cute summer dress for the same price. The staff was very sweet.
3	There's definitely way better shopping in Vegas, but if you're in this mall area, ladies need to swing into Parallel. There were so many cute tops I wanted to try on, but I was on the prowl for a hot romper, and they had a small selection to choose from.All of the smalls were tight in the jugs and mediums were too big, so I didn't end up getting anything. But I can certainly see the appeal to this place. The fashions are trendy but not overpriced (about $40 for the romper I wanted.) Unfortch, it's super small, there are a lot of girls in there, and there are only TWO dressing rooms. And, the line to the dressing room is right in front of the line to the checkout. Lots of confusion. AND, the poor gal working the register was also working the dressing room. Methinks this place needs to expand to somewhere bigger and better to accommodate the crowds.
5	past by this store a few times and never went in because i thought it was a boutique store and everything would be hella expensive.my co-worker came in to training one day and was wearing this way cute trench coat/pea coat. tweed, black and gray. had to have it. asked her where she got it, and she said here [she works here too]. asked her how much and she said $30. $30?! i went in that same weekend.i went in, its a small store, but everything is well organized and color coordinated, just how it should be. the staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable about their products. i went in when the store was super busy, and even still all the employees were helpful to everyone [on the sales floor, in the fitting rooms and even at cash wrap].i ended up walking out with way more than i planned, but everything was so cheap i had to! i got a pea coat for me and my sister, jeans [which were $15!] and a top for my bday for $16.tip: sizes run really small! i felt like i gained way too much weight when i tried on jeans, and realized i was trying on a size 7. my co-worker is super tiny and is usually a 0, and she buys a 3. so dont feel bad if your usual size doesnt fit :]as a local here, i will definitely be back!!!
