5	Hello! When did this wee gem spring up?It's not really wee, and it looks new - I'm guessing it's only been on Cockburn Street under a month. Old Town Context is a refreshing, traditional store on Cockburn Street, steering away from the style of the tourist traps on the Royal Mile to offer alternative gift ideas. They have some old English, French and American advert poster art, cards, stationery, gifts, mugs with pin ups on them, clocks made out of recycled glass drinks bottles - a very eclectic and classy selection.Its inspiration is clearly from bygone era's, and I was very impressed with their postcard range. They also have some cracking cards and original prints with cats on them. These cats are wearing kilts and rugby shifrts, quoting Burns and other Scottish poets within the print. It's a very odd idea but entirely up my alley.Overall a very enjoyable shop for the family. It's difficult to walk out of here without buying anything.
5	LOVE THIS STORE!!!  I was visiting Edinburgh this week on holiday and was looking for some gifts to take back home with me.  I was getting *really* tired of the generic tartan shops filling every inch of High Street when I passed by Context one evening on Cockburn Street.  The windows were filled with vintage-style art and postcards.  I was captivated...then pissed that the store was already closed for the day!  I decided I must stop by the next morning on my way to the train station...I'm so glad I did!  I dragged my suitcase into the store and was overwhelmed by the amount of super cool stuff filling the shelves! They have a lot of cool vintage art and wartime propaganda stuff.  I only had a few minutes to shop, but I left with my arms full!  The owner was super nice and friendly.  This is a great place to go if you're looking for unique gifts, mugs, or postcards.  Definitely stop by and be prepared to spend money because you won't leave empty handed!
5	I am glad that my 200th review is on this hidden gem... actually it isn't that hidden, but I have a feeling that lots of people just walk right on by.  In a very different and almost vintage way, it is a souvenir shop.  I say that because there were lots of prints, cards, coffee mugs of the city and various British 'things', but they are not the types of souvenirs that you would find in the every single store on the Royal Mile...  yeah, you know what I mean.I loved the different prints of the city, my favourite was a very art deco-ish print highlighting the castle in a yellowy-orangish hue against a dark background.  They had it as a large print, a card, and a coffee mug.  I am now kicking myself that I did not buy it.  If you love globes or tin signs, they have loads of them!  If you are looking for a different kind of souvenir for someone... or just something for yourself, stop in here because they have some really wonderful items.
5	Lots of retro/vintage-inspired souvenirs and knick knacks. It's a great option if you're looking to bring back something more unique from Edinburgh, at okay prices.
