5	Great chinese food!  The owner used to be one of the primary chefs for PF Changs or something.  Their Cantonese sweet and sour is the best I've had.  Very reasonable and very good.
4	Good, fresh chinese.  Unique flavor combos and you can order healthy here.  brown rice, steamed veggies, etc....
5	One of my buddies took me here one day.  I've driven past it a few times and thought the name didn't sound like Chinese Food.  So when he suggested it, I was a little skeptical.  Wow...was I wrong.  The food was fantastic!  The restaurant was very clean (cleaner than my kitchen), service was great.  Very much like Pei-Wei in that you seat yourselves and eat with silverware.  The "don't judge a book by it's cover" adage seemed true here.  In this case, the name.  Tried the Orange Chicken, Chow Fun Bowl, Lettuce wraps.  All great.
4	Fresh Chinese food, good prices. This place is very similar to Pei Wei. The meal was very good. I would definitely go again.
3	Decent average Americanized Chinese food. The tofu teriyaki bowl isn't bad and has lots of veggies. Sadly there are slim-pickins in East Mesa.
3	Every time I walk into Tasty Joe's, I feel as though I am in a chain restaurant.  The place is laid out like it is ready for franchising:   The menu is posted on the wall and is very limited.  You walk up to a cashier and place your order.   The table layout is very predictable.  Very neutral decor (lacks ethnic flair).  Again, very chain-like.  However, the food is very fresh - everything is made to order. I've tried five different dishes and have generally been pleased.  The only thing that keeps me from giving a higher rating is that something is missing from each dish.  Some basic seasoning, whether it be salt, soy sauce, or pepper needs to be added.  Another way of syaing it would to that there is no "pop" to the food.Portions are generous and prices are very reasonable.  All-in-all, Tasty Joe's is going to stay on my list of places to go.
4	"Tasty" is accurate. This is Chinese for white people, but in the best way.
4	Exceeded expectations!  Although atmosphere is very generic, the food was really good...  Big fan of Kung Pao Chicken and usually do not finish at other places because of excessive veggies and very little chicken.  Joe's had the perfect amount of chicken and veggies!  Delish!  I also like the fact that they cook to order right up front.  Will definitely be back!
3	Pretty good, but not on par with Pei Wei.  Nice atmospshere, good service, quality food.  It was just missing a little something I can't quite put my finger on.
2	menu is lacking and no atmosphere.  much better places to go to around there but if you have to I guess you could no worse.
2	Awesome service and perfect portion sizes BUT the taste of the food could use improvement.
4	Several steps above Pei Wei - I come here for lunch frequently.  The Singapore Noodles are great, as are many of their stir frys.  Locally owned and operated!  This place has many regulars, I know of one couple that eats there every day!
5	I was pretty impressed by this place! Their prices are really great and I loved my vegetarian curry dish I ordered for take-out! It tasted fresh and reminded me a more authentic and less expensive version of Pei Wei.
4	For years, my husband has been wanting to stop by here.  "Tasty Joe's," he would say. "It must be good. The name wouldn't lie." Now we live down the road, so it seemed like a good time to give them a try.First of all, I am always nervous about Chinese takeout. Will the price be right. Will the food taste nastier than a squid's behind?So, of course, I come onto Yelp.  The good reviews were enough that it was worth a try. So, we met up with a friend to try it out.  Yes, it's a bit fast foodish in atmosphere, but I went in expecting that. My friend and I both ordered the orange chicken. I ordered crab puffs, and my husband ordered a spicy dish.When the menu here says spicy, believe it.  My husband's order was definitely spicy. Not scorching. But, a little more than expected. We agreed that the orange chicken was wonderful. Although, next time, I will be asking if I can substitute noodles  for the brown rice.  Everything we had was great.  The only problem was the odd sauce used to did the puffs and the eggrolls into. BTW, the eggrolls were little, but yummy.They live up to the name. Definitely tasty.  We have found someplace within walking distance for Chinese takeout.
4	Services was amazing and so was the food and cleanliness of the restaurant.  I'm from Cali and come to AZ from time to time.  This is my new Asian restaurant spot that I will go to.Family owned and ran, very attentive to their customers, service with a smile and the food was great!
5	I love coming here for a quick - healthy - high protien meal! If you're a health nut like myself, this is the place to go. Brown rice, fresh veggies and as much "extra" chicken as one can handle. The prices match the quality of the food most agreeably. I'm always greeted with a sincere, huge smile from the cashier - very polite and welcoming. If you're looking for a nuturional meal without the fuss of tipping servers and over priced menu items, go to Tasty's.
1	Yikes! Tasty Joe's was not very tasty. I tried this place for the first time and was not impressed. I either went on an a very off day or my taste buds exceed that of the approving reviewers.The potstickers were severely FRIED and without any flavor. The dipping sauce was flavorless. Are potstickers not usually boiled, steamed or light pan fried?There was an odd burnt or chemical taste/smell associated with the Thai noodle bowl. (almost like the cooktop had a considerable build up of bad oil and other things?  I ate perhaps (3) three bites from the pad thai noodle bowl. I could not choke down anymore. I did something I have not done in years, I left the food on the table.  Feeling guilt over the ensuing wastefulness and anger at having wasted the money.My friends singapore noodles was one of the most vile tasting concoctions I have tried.The woman behind the counter was very nice and accomodating however.
4	I have been going to this restaurant since it opened about 5 years ago (I think).  I love noodles, and this place has really good noodles!  I usually get the singapore noodles with tofu and shrimp.  This is my favorite place when ordering tofu.My husband usually gets the mongolian beef.  We also love the chicken and potato entree and lettuce wraps.  USUALLY the food is perfect, but there have been a couple of times when the food was "just" good, possibly due to a different chef of something.  We usually order about once a month or so as we do not regularly dine out.  This is my favorite place for Asian food and/or noodles.
2	I would have liked to rate them well as they are a typical mom and pop store unfortunately all the 3 times I have been there the food is passable at the best. The air is also thick with burnt wok oil which ruins ones hunger if you sit around for too long(bad ventilation).They do have wonderful service and generous portions, but that has never been a redeeming feature for restaurants.So far I have tried the Kung pao, the Singapore noodle and the firecracker
1	Used to go there all the time.  Tonight, I ordered 3 dishes, nothing unusual, at 7pm.  They said 40minutes so I stayed home and waited, until 8:20 when I finally left with what turned out to be the wrong order, poorly cooked and an order of potstickers an hour old as a gift for waiting.  I fear this place is dead.  It used to be so good.
3	Went there for lunch.  Previously tried to eat dinner there once but decided to leave because the air was too thick with oil.  Lunch today was slightly better but it's clear they have an HVAC problem.  Soda machine was out of carbonation so no soda today either.  That's kind of a one off thing so maybe not much of a knock.On to the food...I had some sort of chicken dish.  Don't recall the name but it was halfway decent.  The rice...not so much.  It had the consistency of Uncle Bens.  Real unusual for an Asian food place.In that I've set the bar pretty low for Asian restaurants (mostly because I've found a bunch of mediocrity) this one clears it.  I'd probably eat here again, but it would be good if they could fix their HVAC problem.
2	I went to Tasty Joe's for the first time today, and this will be my last trip.  We were there after the lunch rush and there were 5-6 dirty tables left over from lunch, but we were the only people in the restaurant. The food portions were good, but I felt the prices were too high given the quality of the food. They also used too much oil, as my broccoli tasted like old grease.  I also agree with previous reviews stating the place has an overwhelming stench of wok oil. Overall it was just disappointing.
5	This visit was great, i can not get over how kind and genuine the staff are, if you are ever in the need of some smiling faces and good food, drop in for a bite.  More importantly, the food..  I enjoy any place that gives me an asparagus option, i got it with beef, i am not sure what oil they use, but it burns so clean that i got all the seasoning flavor without it being overwhelmed by any oil tinge.  Will definitely go back.. again and again
4	I have to coming here since they opened up and I think the food is delicious and the service is great. I have never had any complaints with anything and it is very convenient.
4	I and a friend stopped by Tasty Joe's for dinner today. We got three different dishes, all with chicken and white rice - Eggplant Tofu in Garlic Sauce (Chinese Eggplant, Tofu, Scallion in Tangy Garlic Sauce)Stir-Fry Mixed Vegetables  (Garlic Ginger Wine Sauce, Broccoli, Carrot, Zucchini, Napa Cabbage, Celery, Mushroom)Cousin Thai (Chili Pod, Onion, Scallion, Red Pepper, Peanut, Cilantro)The mixed- veggies were tasty, if nothing mind-blowing. My friend really liked the Cousin Thai, and I will be making a repeat vist, because their Eggplant Tofus is made of *delicious*.
3	At first glance it is hard to tell if this place is open or not however as I approached the building I knew it was. For some odd reason I can't figure out why there is an industrial swamp cooler in a new building that obviously has a new air conditioner. Thank god I am pleased with the food quality. I had Kung Pao Chicken and an order of pot stickers. Both were very good. I would have given this place 4 full stars but in ARIZONA as a restaurant you run your air conditioner not a swamp cooler.
4	The food is great, the portions are good and the price is right.  The lady who runs the place is very sweet. Its not fun listening to multiple customers complain about how cheap the owners.  I've been here quite a few times and had to wait a rather long time for my food because they are under staffed.  I'd recommend they invest in some additional labor, and equipment repairs (men's restroom, HVAC).   I'd like to see this place succeed because the food is GREAT and the staff is very nice.
2	Sorry but when you've had really good Thai food up the street at Tum Nuk Thai, this place doesn't even compare.  Had the pad Thai bowl and it had very little flavor  with very few nuts.  In addition, I went on my lunch hour and waited almost 25 minutes for take out.  Not a happy camper and definitely not worth the wait.  Sorry.
3	Three stars is decent in my book. I have to give this rating as this was my first visit and to do carryout it took close to 40 minutes after ordering for our food to ready. The priorities on who ordered first was all out of whack. The decor reminded me of pei wei, not too shabby, but not original. The service (nice young girl) was friendly and quick, just a little disorganized. I would personally lose the TV as that added a tacky effect to the experience. You aren't running a sports bar. Also get your hours straight. This wasn't my first attempt to eat here; on previous attempts they were closed for various reasons. now on to the food...the orange chicken was awesome, the lettuce wraps...not so much. The teriyaki  chicken wasn't Japanese styled....but really tasty. Rice was good....my pan fried noodles was really good. I'll have to revisit for an update. Overall I would recommend this to a friend.
5	I like the orange chicken personally with some crab wontons. Sometimes I will mix it up and get the sweet and sour. Food is always delicious. People are very nice. If you are looking for some good Asian cuisine  I would highly recommend checking this place out.
5	I love Tasty Joes! This place is a wonderful little Thai place for takeout during the week. It's fresh, fast and can be extremely flavorful if you ask for the right hotness. I see some reviews on here comparing it to Thai restaurants, let's not compare apple to oranges. This is in the same category as Panda Express but is higher quality, better tasting, fresher and is cooked in front of you to your preferences. Delicious.
5	The flavor of the food was amazing. I thought it was way better than pei wei. They put more vegetables in their dish and I feel like I get more for my money. The people working there are so friendly. I will come here again for sure. Thanks for great service!
5	Had to visit a medical center in East Mesa, so I yelped for what was nearby,  and found this. The line was long but moved pretty quickly, and the smiling girl was very nice and excited to help me.  I waited for a short time for the food, and was not disappointed,  the flavor was tasty and not overbearing and the veggies were very fresh.  Great time,  if I'm out here I will come again.
