4	I hold this little gem near and dear to my heart. My husband and I first dined here on our anniversary, when we were both students and could afford little more than a glass of lemonade. But just being in the elegant Buttes Marriot Hotel, surrounded by Beautiful People, and waited on by the attentive staff made us feel, well, *rich*. The Market Cafe serves sandwiches, chicken, and a variety of California-style menu items. And while the menu may not be terribly inspired, the setting surely is. Call ahead and ask for a table by the 30-foot-tall indoor waterfall and fish pond. The last time we dined at the Cafe, we splurged and had the dinner buffet --- wonderful!
4	Nice place. I ate breakfast here this week.  The meals are good and the buffet is very nice with more than the normal options like Eggs Benedict, Egg Blintz and more.  A little on the expensive side, but good service.
1	Worst service I've had in years. Our waitress disappeared for 30 minutes while our food got cold waiting for her to serve it. Then she had the nerve to add the 18% tip because we were a party of 7. Even though we were staying at the hotel and it is convenient, we will definitely not be going back.
4	Excellent breakfast buffet. Wait staff was very attentive. Waiter was waiting with the omelette chef with chiriso sausage for a made to order omelet.Lunch, wait staff is the star again. Made us all feel special. The sandwiches were nothing special but fine ingredients and presentation.The hotel itself is a diamond in the rough, Marriott has done it right.We'll be back!
4	Great Breakfast Buffet!  Kudos to Chef Kevin!  The only reason there are not 5 stars are because the service was a bit too slow. At lunch we were in a hurry trying to check out and catch a plane and I had to track down the server, but, other than that, great food and lovely setting!  Do not miss the breakfast buffet!
4	Very beautiful view from the dinning patio with waterfall and different kinds of wild flowers. Open from 6am-11am for breakfast. They have buffet and off the menu breakfast. The orange blueberry pancake is a must. They also brew Starbucks coffee!
5	Unbelievable atmosphere! Water falls, views, ponds, and scenery all around you as you enjoy there food! I highly recommend the breakfast buffet! We love it and love taking guest here from out of town.
