5	Great selection of pizzas from their wood fired stove, very good salads, very good selection of beers on tap.  Peak times can be packed...
4	The brick oven pizza is pretty good and their salads and pasta are also great.  While the food is good and the service pretty quick beware of the crowds.  This place is packed with yuppies and their children (I am talking tons of children), so you might have to wait a little while.
3	NY style pizza (thin crust).  I used to really like the veggie pizza with pepperoni and it was almost indistinguishable from the real thing.  But they recently changed it to a tofu based cheese and now it's pretty nasty.  I wish they'd go back.The first visit we ordered the hummus and pita appetizer (awesome!).  And a Brixx salad with chicken (awesome!) and a chicken club sandwich (also awesome!).  The sweet tea is very refreshing.  I had diet coke and the waitress never let me go without a free refill.  She was the bomb.  Highly recommended!  It's a local chain but it's not like it's Domino's, Little Caesar's or Pizza Hut.  They definitely try to be fresh and healthy but lately I feel they're losing ground on taste.
5	Excellent pizza and terrific patio, if you are lucky enough to get a table out there!!  Almost always busy...but worth the wait if you like pizza and live in Charlotte (not too many good ones in town, yet).  Their sandwiches and salads are also awesome...very fresh ingredients.  Couple that with a great beer selection, this is one of my favorite spots when I'm in the Dilworth area!
1	This is what's sad about Charlotte. A chain restaurant with frozen pizza dough and sauce out of a can is voted the 3rd best restaurant in town?
4	I went to another branch of this chain, but it's similar, I'm sure.  I really enjoyed the pizza I had--the pear and gorgonzola--and the waitress was attentive.  I think I drank 5 gallons of water.  The food came out pretty quickly, and it was an overall pleasant experience.
4	While this place is a chain restaurant, it really doesn't feel like it & I'm a fan. This location is located right off East Blvd & is in a nice little cozy location.The building seems pretty old, which I think is why I don't feel like I'm eating chain here. The kitchen is pretty open here too, so you can see a lot of the pizza making & preparation. The seating area is not too large, but they do have a patio area that's ideal if the weather is nice. The lunch crowds are hectic here so make sure you get here early or late.While I won't comment too much on the food considering it's a chain, the pizza is worth it. I love how they make their pizzas & they taste great without making you feel like you're eating junk. I absolutely hate the fast food pizza (Domino's, Pizza Hut, etc.), but this pizza is entirely different & much better. You will pay a good price for it, but it's worth it.Brixx serves some quality pizza that I love & this location is a nice little spot that will make you feel like you're at a mom & pop joint.
3	The Dilworth location is great for sitting on the patio, hanging out and having a Blue Moon and an appetizer. I'd highly recommend the spinach and artichoke dip. The thin-crust, wood-fired pizza is good, but it's certainly not the best in Charlotte. (I'd say Wolfman is the best.) I like both the Margherita and Quattro Fromaggio pizzas. I've generally had good service there, but the other day was an exception. The waiter forgot our drink orders and had to double check with us, never brought me water I asked for, then entered the wrong appetizer in the computer. When we got the wrong order, he and the other servers quickly got us the right one. Then the bill included both appetizers and we had to get that fixed. Still, he was apologetic and fixed the mistakes, so it didn't do much to tarnish my otherwise good opinion.
4	I like to hang out outside in the sun with a cold brew and a slice of pizza stacked with cheese.  I thought that this place was a little overhyped at first, but it lived up to its supposed greatness.  The waiter was fresh and quick, I actually slipped him a really good tip just because he was so pronto.  It is also fun to sit inside and check out the cooks making the pizza, you can check out the whole process.  The crust here is crunchy and just right.  I will be back.
2	Brixx is incredibly popular, which I found somewhat surprising since the place doesn't really blow me away. The Dilworth location is especially popular; it's jammed on weekends. I love the patio here--great for beers. Lots of people hang at the bar here, although you can definitely do better. The bar doesn't really offer much as far as I can tell: it's decent--a couple of tv's, some chairs. Great beer selection, lots on draft, which is great. As for the food, it's just ok. If you're gonna get a pizza (and you should), try the Spicy Shrimp. I really like it. Someone in my group got a veggie and vegan pizza (vegan cheese etc), and it didn't seem all that appetizing. Another friend swears by the penne with vodka sauce; I tried it and it was decent. The salads are pretty good (and cheap) and the bread they're served with are really tasty. Again, though, this place is packed, so some people LOVE it. It's fine, but it certainly didnt dazzle.
4	Sit at the bar and meet the staff. The staff here is friendly, interesting, and eclectic. During the years I've been eating at this Brixx location, the staff I've known include an actor (now living in LA), an artist, a photographer, future lawyer, several musicians, and found one of my best employees. The food is pretty good too.So drop in and tell Jack I sent you.
5	I absolutely love going to Brixx, it is one of the most consistent places I have ever been to. I have tried most of the menu and I have never been dissatisfied with anything. The appetizers are great, especially the spinach and artichoke dip. The salads are fresh and delicious. The Brixx salad is a must with pine nuts and goat cheese. The pizzas are crunchy and thin with a great selection of toppings. I particularly enjoy the Bronx Bomber and the Margarita pizza. I also like their sandwiches and side dishes but I rarely ever eat them because its hard not to order one of their delicious pizzas. They also have a great selection of beer and have a different special every night.
2	Average pizza and the interior was a bit on the dirty side for my liking
4	This is my favorite location with the best servers/bartenders!  I've never had a bad pizza at Brixx.  Also, the salads are great too.  They have takeout too and it is easy to park.  Sit outside if it is warm.
4	Many, many kudos for all of your always delicious pizzas and bubbly brews, Brixx. We had a bitchy waitress who was trying to go home the entire time she was serving us, but the food was so good- I didn't even care.  Went on Friday for the late night buy one get one free deal (after 10pm).  Hummus plate, spinach artichoke dip, pear gorgonzola pizza, and spicy shrimp pizza.  Several rounds of ice cold Sam Adams for $2.50.  Sigh.  My quest for comparable pizza in Seattle continues as I have been spoiled by you bastards. You delicious bastards.
5	I love Brixx! I lived in Charlotte for 4 years & this is one of the only restaurants that I miss. The Brixx salad is my favorite salad OF ALL TIME. Their pizza is also really tasty. The Americo & Rustica are my favorites. But, I have to say that they would probably get 5 stars from me for their salad alone.
1	This review goes as a courtesy to the server who was fired for posting her opinion on facebook.How dare you violate a person's first amendment rights, especially when she does so on her own intellectual property. Shame on you. I'll never eat here again.
4	Pretty good food at an acceptable price. They seem to have a good beer selection too. The server was very friendly and responsive. Good place.
2	Brixx Pizza may be good for some tastes, but I think its a little overrated.  When I think pizza joint, I think substantial slices and a homely atmosphere.  Brixx doesn't fit the bill. The Dilworth location is good....nice view, nice atmosphere and attentive service.  However, the the average 10" pizza was around $9.  They specialize in thin crust pizzas.  Don't get me wrong, it was good.  But if you want a heartier pizza, try Fuel. The beverage selection was limited and though this is a nice place for a lunch date, I wouldn't recommend it for a night out.  To its defense, they have salads that appear to be prepared individually rather than in bulk.  My friend had a huge bruschetta platter (though it was called an appetizer).  I would go back if invited by friends, but what's the point in going somewhere the specialty isn't so special?  Give me a nice medium-crust, no-frills pizza any day.   Hey, you wouldn't go to the Waffle House if you hated their waffles would you?
4	I went for a week day lunch and ordered the artichoke pizza.  It was a thin crust and generous on the toppings.  If you love to use a wood fired crust as a vehicle for generous ingredient combos then this is the place.   Looking at the menu you couldn't really go wrong.  I forgot to order the wheat crust but will definitely be back to try that out.
2	If you think Brixx is good pizza then you have never had good pizza. The crust is bland and some how manages to be dense and chewy despite being thin. One question has bugged each time I have gone to any a Brixx location; how are they allowed to call themselves "wood-fired" when THERE IS NO WOOD in the place?? Even for the pizza waste land that is Charlotte, Brixx is disappointing.The one saving grace may be the drink menu. There is a variety of beer and an om wine list. Specials are not great but prices on the list are reasonable.
5	I can't think of anything more I could have asked for from my trip to Brixx. The waitress was polite and got to us quickly. She was not bothered by my request to split the check (for which I have gotten some major eye rolls elsewhere). The food was excellent. There were very few pizzas on the menu I didn't want to order. When I finally settled on the Rustica, which had prosciutto, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives and roasted garlic, I couldn't have been more pleased. The crust was crunchy but not dry and all the toppings were delicious. My dinner companion got the Chicken Florentine and he was also quite pleased. It is also of note that they have a respectable beer list, including one of my very favorites which is often hard to find on tap, Victory Hopdevil. Perhaps most importantly, when we asked for a box to take home our leftovers, the box was not made of styrofoam! No decomposing, food sticking, non-microwavable to go boxes at Brixx! All in all, an excellent meal and one I will be sure to repeat.
4	Mmmm Brixx. A wee bit overpriced? Yes. Great location on East Blvd.? Yes. Tasty, creative pizzas? Yes, indeed. Brixx is the perfect little lunch spot, IMO. Hubs and I frequent this Dilworth location for a quick tasty lunch on their pretty patio. I'm a fan of their Quattro Fromaggio as well as their Artichoke 'za. The 10" "personal" pizza is plenty for me (for lunch) and I usually take home a few small slices. Granted, this is lunch. The Quattro is super cheesy, as you expect, and the combination of cheese (mozzarella, parmesan, gouda and goat) are delicious topped with sun-dried tomatoes. The Artichoke 'za is a bit more healthy and one I normally choose - marinated artichokes, roasted red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, basil pesto and mozzarella. Yum. I wouldn't recommend getting wheat crust, as it was a little too dry and cardboard-y to me. The traditional is the way to go, my friends. Also, keep an eye out for restaurant coupons, etc. for Brixx. I've scored a few free appetizers and discounted entrees this way!
3	Seems over-rated.  The salad wasn't that good and the pizza was ok.  Since it's walking distance to my apartment I'll probably go back again, but it's not going to be the first place I think of.
3	Gotta love a pizzeria that'll serve everyone from the vegans to the Celiacs, even if them pies come out lukewarm, and even if they're a tad pricey and suffer from Enlarging Crust Syndrome (heretofore referred to as ECS). The Mushroom I had ze other noche was dusted so liberally with cornmeal that it tasted like Special K. Which was odd.But still - totally fills a void and many bellies, this Brixx - tho not mine, when I'm craving the pie.
4	Brixx is one of the rare places to taste the real italian style pizza. Thin crust, simple ingredients, moderate amount of good cheese.  Nice ambiance and friendly people. They are open till late and they usually have a buy one get one free offer from 10 PM on all pizzas and appetizers. by the way, I sometimes see Mr. Fox (Charlotte's mayor) eating at Brixx.
4	I called one night for a take-out order, and the person on the phone informed me that after 10, they have 2 for 1 pizzas. I paused for a moment, wondering if I heard correctly, then for some reason said "No, thank you." I don't know why, either, I was confused! I have since filed it away in my brain, and have taken advantage of this many times.The pizza is always good, cooked perfectly with fresh ingredients. My favorites are the Rustica or the Artichoke. I am also a fan of their sandwiches. Whenever I've gone in to get my pizza, it's always full of fellow pizza fans.Look, some have said that it's not the best pizza, and maybe if you're expecting a typical American-style pizza you might find at Fuel or Hawthorne's, it's not as big or as greasy. But if you think of it more of a flatbread, or perhaps deliciousness in a box that they give you 2 of for no reason at all, it is perfect for me.The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is because of the teeny parking lot. It's not their fault, and I don't really know where they would expand, but it sure is awkward to get in and out, especially if it's full.
3	OK, so I tried this location after hating all the experiences I've had at the Blakeney location and it was better than a 1 star, but far from a 5 star.They offer BOGO on apps and pizzas after 10, woo hoo! Thankfully they're open till 1am too, which is why we ended up there (Charlotte, you need more late night spots!). Tried the spinach and artichoke dip with pita wedges and it was awesome. Also ordered the brushetta and it was ok, but Mellow Mushroom's is much better.For pizzas, we tried the mushroom and pear/gorgonzola/walnut. Both were lacking in any sort of taste. Sadly, I had to douse my pizza in balsalmic (I love it and it saves everything in my book), and while it was BOGO I regretted it.Next time, I'll go back for the apps since I know the hummus is good, as is the spin/art dip but only because they're one of the only places open late.PS: Why no Olde Mecklenburg on tap here? It's on at all the other locations...?
4	I have always loved Brixx! Today I met a friend for lunch and the service was great! The waitress we had was more then accommodating getting our drinks and making sure our glasses were never empty. For some reason Brixx get's it right. No matter the location I can always expect consistency. Food: I have so many favorites at Brixx it's always hard to choose what I want. If you've never tried the chicken pene pasta that is a MUST!  Make sure to ask them to add sun-dried tomatoes to the pasta, YUMMY!  Also, my favorite pizza would have to be the pear & gorgonzola: pear, caramelized onions and walnuts. It is a masterpiece for your mouth. Also the spinach and artichoke dip is wonderful! I always ask them to do half crostinis and half warm pita bread. It gives you some variety. The salads are also very fresh and tasty. This location can be tricky during lunch and dinner time because there is limited parking in the Brixx lot and sometimes you have to park over in the shopping center next door and walk over. Like Nicole said in her review amazing patio area. Also, close enough to uptown off east blvd and scott that you won't have to worry that much about going past that hour lunch time.
3	The pizza crust is great and they have a wide selection of pizza. I had the buffalo chicken.  Very good.
4	Birxx has a rather nice size menu and written out upon that menu is the statement that all of their pizzas can be made vegan. That's very comforting to me. Also the service is right quick, even when it's busy.The pizza it's self is a nice thin crust. I have yet to have any of their pizza with a traditional sauce but their olive oil based sauce is decent, though i think it could use more garlic. The bruschetta is awesome though, and for my vegan friends, make sure to request it with pita chips.The pizza are designed for one person to be able to eat. First time there for a light meal, I split a pizza with a friend and had to order more food. Note I'm not a massive eater either.Good beer selection and drink specials. I would say they boast upwards of 20 different beer on their menu. Usually you can get a pretty good deal on them too.
4	Wonderful food, excellent customer service and great menu. Dining outside on the deck is a must. Highly recommend the BBQ Chicken pizza.
3	I love all Brixx locations however this one is ESPECIALLY cool because it was recently remodeled and now has a gorgeous partial patio cover.  The best thing about this location is sitting on the patio watching all of the drivers try to drive the wrong way down one-way Scott Ave.  Sigh.....half price bottles of wine and much giggling later, it is a great way to spend a Sunday evening.The service at this location has always been attentive and extra sweet.  This is the first Brixx I ever came to in Charlotte and fell IN LOVE with the Mexican pizza.  No Amstel or Heineken here but I love you anyways Brixx!
4	Brixx is good - not really a super huge fan of the thin crust thing, but I can justify stuffing my face with an entire pizza. It somehow seems...healthier*. Deadly combination: super cheap draft beer on Monday nights. Price of a soda cheap. I hadn't been inside since the remodel and it's a huge improvement. Servers are attentive and quick. The jerk chicken = love. Overall = delicious.* feel free to ask my waist line how I feel about this in a month or so.
4	Brixx is better since the botox. Not sure why, but I love the patio, pizza and salads. I always order my pizza well-done on the basic crust and could eat almost any of them that they would put in front of me. Beer specials are quite good. TIP: At the end of the year, you can buy discounted gift cards to use all year.
1	Twice in a row this place has gotten my order wrong.  The first time was a vegetable pizza and it arrived dry with no sauce on the pizza.  The second time was a margherita pizza, which was incorrectly made with barbecue sauce. Yuk!  When they brought out the new/corrected one, it had anise leaves mixed in with the basil.  Anise taste like licorice, if you don't know. It wasn't tasty at all and I lost my appetite.  Both times when they screwed up the orders they deducted the price of the pizzas, which I guess is okay but it doesn't make me want to come back there.   Who wants to have to order things twice?   It used to be a decent place, but Brixx must have gone through an ownership change recently.  This particular one was renovated in Winter 2011 and they added a lighted awning to the patio.  The menu has changed, as well.  The pizzas are very dry and apparently, the cooks don't know how to make these new ones because they keep screwing up the orders.  Also, it has a non-functional bike rack along Scott Ave. made of concrete.  There are better pizza places in Charlotte.
3	Brixx is just okay for me, I prefer my pizza deep dish and fatty like it should be. But when I want to eat an entire pizza by myself thin crust is the way to go. I like how this location's thin crust pizza is quite crispy which is not always the case depending on where you go.I also second Melissa's opinion about watching all the people trying to drive the wrong way on this street, fun! The service here is fairly good, my water glass ran out once, but it was promptly refilled.
4	Where else can I get a pear and gorgonzola cheese pizza?  I know it's probably not the first thing that comes to mind when you want to grub on pizza but I like a refreshing take on an old classic like that and Brixx does a wonderful job on it.  One thing I like about Brixx is I never feel weighed down by their pizzas, I suppose that is due to the fresh ingredients and the thin bake style they use.  Good service, good pizza.....no worries here!
2	Not the best pizza place in town but it does taste better then say... Dominos, Dominos ins cheaper though! Went with a big group and shared a salad and a Chicken Caprese Pizza. I dislike the "we only can make 10" pizzas" propaganda. If a big group comes in please make one big pizza! The pizza needed salt but the salad was great. The salad had some great fresh mozzarella on it .With the volume level being so high and overall not being super-impressed I probably wont return.
3	A solid 3.5. We started with a couple four friends beers. We have had these on a few occasions and really enjoyed them (especially the I-77 IPA) but I think something was wrong with their tap as it tasted almost syrupy- very heavy and just overall not so good. I had a side Caesar which was just ok. I prefer creamy dressing and this was the vinaigrette type  (my fault- I should have asked). The rosemary focaccia served on the side was incredible though. I went with the quattro formaggio with mushrooms and prosciutto added. The flavor of the pizza was good - but 1/3 of the pizza was crust and I'm just not a crust gal. If I did this again I would almost certainly not add prosciutto as it was too salty (yes prosciutto is naturally - but it shouldn't have been quite this salty). My boyfriend made the comment that it tasted like country ham, I ended up taking off most of it. He went with the margherita pizza which he absolutely loves, but I thought it was a bit soggy. While certainly my first choice for pizza, it wasn't awful and I would probably give them another shot possibly for lunch.
3	The new interior design of the restaurant is great and I have no complaints with the updates. However, it has made this location much more smaller than it already was and you just need to learn to get cozy with your neighbors. Brixx is a great place to come for lunch and that's about it. It doesn't have anything special on it's menu that really separates it from CPK or like Mellow Mushroom. If you are feeling a late night bite though, they do have a 1/2 special for their appetizers and pizza I believe. I've never had a bad experience here and I don't mind coming here at all. The pizzas are average and don't really blow me away in regards to quality and serving size. I'm the type of person that wouldn't mind paying a little more to get a lot more. An example would be their barbecue chicken pizza. It's a great little pizza, but lately their chicken and cheese have started to disappear and the price hasn't gone down with it. I could go to Mellow Mushroom and pay a buck more to get a better pie with better quality food and serving sizes.The Brixx chain in Charlotte and Lake Norman is a great place for lunch. Just don't take somebody here on a dinner date unless you really want to go home alone.
4	I love this Brixx! Although the food is no different from their other locations, this East Blvd spot is so much more cozy and inviting!  Patio seating is perfect on a warm night.  Extra patio kudos for the space being dog friendly!  And I've never had any problems with the service, ever.The pizzas are slightly overpriced... but after 10pm pizzas and appetizers are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE! (make sure you mention this to your server!) Brixx also has BOGO coupons everywhere! Citipass book, back of the Yellow Pages book, newpaper inserts, etc.Menu is very vegetarian friendly! You can even get vegan cheese and whole wheat crust if you so desire. Both types of crusts are thin, wood-fired, and crispy; which makes them super light. Don't let the size of the pie fool you... if you're hungry, one person can take out an entire pizza! (or even if you're just in love with how perfect and delicious it is, in my case).Appetizers: Spinach and Artichoke Dip is outta control good. It's even got a little zip to it. I substitute the crostinti for pita bread. The Bruschetta is good, although not my favorite in town. "Wood Fired Pita Chips and Three Dips" is really, really yummy. This is basically 3 different types of hummus (traditional, roasted red pepper, and black bean). Mmmm.Salads: The first salad I tried here was the Brixx Salad, and it's so perfect I've never even bothered with anything else. Mixed greens, pistachios, goat cheese, croutons, balsamic vinegerette, and a hunk of house-mouse rosemary focaccia. Heads up, you can order a half-size for half-price! Pizzas: The best part. I'd first like to mention that Brixx is so awesome that you can get these little pizzas half-and-half if you can't decide on what style you want, or want to split it with someone else. My go-to is the Quattro Formaggio (mozzarella, parmesan, gouda and goat cheeses with sun-dried tomatoes) and then I add feta for good measure. Does that make it Cinco Formaggio?Pear & Gorgonzola: !!!!! sliced pear, mozzarella, gorgonzola and caramelized onions topped with toasted walnuts!!!!!!Greek: roma tomatoes, kalamata olives, red onions, and feta cheese topped with fresh basil and balsamic glaze drizzle.Decent beer on tap selection here! Open late (1am) when almost everything else in Charlotte is closed!
3	It's very conflicting when you have multiple locations of a restaurant, within the same city...thus my dilemma with this review.  I'm used to the service & quality of the Brixx location on 6th/7th Street, downtown.  While the service here yesterday was really good, the quality was lacking.My boyfriend & I met a few friends here yesterday & thankfully, Milo (my dog) got to come along (dogs are allowed on the patio). For it to be 3 PM in the afternoon, the place was jumping inside & out.Our waitress was very sweet & efficient, as we had multiple water & alcohol orders for our beverages, she always kept the glasses full. For our order, we got pizzas (Bronx Bomber to share between my boyfriend & I) & 2 Cesar side salads.  I echo Shauna a little bit, as I was a bit disappointed. The dressing was almost nonexistent & there were mainly pieces of the spine in the salad (which I'm not a fan of).  Our pizza didn't hit the mark either. The oregano was on half of the pizza, instead of spread all over, the edges of the pizza were somewhat burnt, & it just didn't taste as good as the ones at 6th/7th Street. Our friends had a veggie pizza & the spinach artichoke dip & seemed pleased with their food.Other notes: parking is EXTREMELY limited out front, so you may want to check in the shopping center behind the restaurant.  The restaurant itself - as for the outside - is clean, but you have to deal with a lot of birds flying into the patio area, as well as looking for food on the ground. Prices are reasonable.
4	I'm not sure how I've lived in Charlotte nearly 18 years and had never visited this place.  Some mysteries are just too mind boggling, I guess.  This review is based on only one visit, but I was impressed enough with my salad to log on and write about it.  My salad had grilled chicken on a bed of spinach and mixed greens with some nice croutons, goat cheese and pistachios.  Yes, pistachios!  What a cute little surprise!My waitress was friendly and took the time during the lunch rush to help me decide what I may enjoy.  I enjoyed a simple, yet healthy meal and will absolutely go back the first chance I get!
4	Great Pizza!I've been going there for years. Recently remodeled the interior, looks really good. Prices have increased about $1 per item in the last 2 years, but can be expected. You are able to add extra topping to your pizza and it won't cost you anything. Never had a bad experience with them even those sometimes they dont add enough toppings, but I let them know and they re-add some more. Their chicken florentine pizza is my favorite.
4	Nice, Trandy place to have pizza. Went there with husband in a Saturday afternoon, not cowdy, which is nice. food was good, Waiter was friendly and like to joke around, very easy going atmosphere. Will go back!
4	Gluten free pizza always brings me in. The crust could use a little more oil to it but all in all not bad. They have a few GF beers as well.
5	Excellent food great service always is a pleasure to dine there
1	We ordered takeout from Brixx a week ago... Well It satisfied my hunger, but It didn't satisfy my taste buds.Pepperoni pizza was mediocre, it was lacking sauce and cheese! C'mon cheese and sauce is what makes pizza!Hawaiian Pizza, was  eh OK.The crust tasted pretty bland, a bit like cardboard.$40 for three pizzas, not worth it. Frozen pizza from the Food Lion taste way better!So, far the best pizza i've had in Charlotte has been in NODA, Revolution!!!!
1	This is not good pizza.veggi toppings were on the old side
4	I went here for the first time to meet a girlfriend up for lunch and was amazed by their drink specials they have.  $2 draft beers on Monday and for the incredible selection of draft beers, I made a mental note to come back on a Monday night with the boyfriend!  The service was good, the place-clean and simple.  They had a nice sized patio, too, which I can imagine would be perfect for warm summer nights.  I ordered the chicken florentine pizza and devoured the entire thing....so tasty!  The crust was thin and cripsy and the ingredients were fresh and plentiful.  The second time I went in the evening with friends and I tried their greek salad (yummy but a little heavy on the red peppers) and their americano pizza....DELICIOUS!  It's not my usual NYC-style pizza that I'm usually about, but I will be back.  You just can't beat a personal sized pizza.  :)
3	It has been a while since I have been to Brixx, but had a pizza craving tonight so I made the call for pick-up, and learned they now offer curb-side pick-up, a definite bonus tonight in the rain. I ordered the Caesar Salad, which was ok. The lettuce was ok, however a lot of wilted pieces, but the focaccia bread was fresh. As for the pizza, I chose the Roasted Chicken. It was hot & fresh, but was a little underdone, at least in the middle. I ended up cutting the middle out and enjoyed the good crust.
4	Original review:7/10/2013My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their bruschetta use to be awesome.  The last few times I have been to Brixx..........bland.  This time we tried the hummas................bland. I had the hawaiian pizza.........bland.My wife's pizza................bland.I don't know what has changed but I told my wife ..."next time I say let's go to Brixx, remind not to".Update:10/30/2013The general manager contacted me about my review.  He wanted to make it up to us so he sent a Comp card.  So the wife and I went back.  We had bruschetta and pizza.  This trip was much better.  The food was delicious and the service was good.  I have to give Brixx management credit cause so often companies do nothing about complaints.  I am changing my rating to 4 from my previous 3.Good job Brixx!
3	Where do you go when you have a couple people you're trying to feed with varying levels of adventure-seeking when it comes to food? Brixx Pizza. It offers thin crust pizzas from the ordinary (margherita) to the unusual (spicy shrimp) to rich pastas to sandwiches and wraps.  You can get the crusts in either regular or gluten free (meh) but they also offer a vegan cheese which is pretty darn good!  I always got the Brixx spinach salad with salmon as my go-to dish that didn't make me feel guilty like a pizza, but alas, the average quality of salmon I've had hasn't been great the last year or two (across locations) and they've overcooked it.  So now my favorite salad is the arugula pear with spiced pecans- YUM! They offer a large beer menu and you can get an "MBA" - Master in Beer Appreciation which is like a passport of all the beers they offer. The service tends to be generally attentive but not particularly happy- in sharp contrast to the staff of 10-15 years ago (I've been coming here a LONG time). The renovated restaurant is definitely more comfortable but I wouldn't say it's a place I would want to hang for a long time unless I'm outside.   Is it the best pizza in Charlotte? No. Is it a safe choice for just about anyone? Yes.
4	Really good pizza and great location.  I ordered their hawai'ian on whole wheat and it was quite tasty!  The crust was perfectly crunchy...The only thing I'd change would be to have more size options for the pizzas.  I know they're brick oven so size is somewhat limited, but a 10" pizza is too much to finish at one sitting and not enough to have a satisfying amount of left-overs....who wants to get a box for a single slice of pizza?
2	Came here for a quick lunch yesterday. Brixx is one of those places that I only go when someone else suggested it. Nothing against it, just kind of overpriced if I just want a slice of pizze (think Fuel). Decent lunch crowd. Getting in and out of their parking lot can be a test to patience. Luckily I wasn't driving.We got a booth immediately, which was surprising. We also were greeted very quickly. I ordered the roast chicken club (and I switched it to a baguette instead of focaccia) with a side of black bean salad. Lunch mate ordered the typical plain cheese pizza. My sandwich was $8.95... ok price I suppose. The chicken was very dry, and lacked flavor. Only redeeming quality was the garlic aioli sauce which looked and tasted alot like garlic butter... you won't hear me complain though. I lathered my sandwich all up with that stuff, and salt and pepper a little and created a better tasting sandwich. The baguette was excellent in itself.I don't know how much the pizza was, since it's a plain cheese. I took 2 bites, and I found it soggy at the bottom. Lastly, our server likes to disappear. He did well with my hot water, but he never brought a refill for the coke until we were ready for the check.  And oh, I HATE that lousy to-go box, they should consider an alternative box choice.All in all, 2 stars due to lack of value, lack of food quality, and below average service.
4	The locals love this place. It is one of those places that you JUST KNOW someone will suggest for lunch in either Dilworth or uptown.It is good- don't get me wrong. I like the pizza with pear on it (trust me). The crust is thin- the way I personally prefer. The salads are fresh. The outdoor area in Dilworth is nice.It is a bit overpriced though and I will never understand the undying love that the locals have for it (really- there is a huge fan club)
2	The food was little more than decent and the staff didn't seem to care about their clients. I've been to other Brixx before & was never this disappointed.
4	Not bad. First, they had Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, which always pops you up a star in my book. Came here with my wife and her lady friends and a bunch of babies. Our server was able to handle it all well. I ordered the pimento cheese pizza which was surprisingly light and refreshing. When you think pimento cheese you think rich and filling, but this was nothing but. Others ordered the Bronx Bomber, which was good although I'm not a huge prosciutto fan. Another ordered the 4x4: 4 meats 4 cheeses: awesome. My wife got a salad. Boo! But it wasn't bad, it was something asian-themed or something. Decent, straight down the middle of the plate pizza. Probably a zillion locations.
5	This review is based on a carryout order. Bought brixx late night to take advantage of the BOGO pizzas after 10pm Sun-thur. I can't complain. Fresh pizzas, smooth transaction. Literally walked in to get my pizzas and walked right back out. 4 pizzas for $20? Yes please! Will be ordering from you guys again!
3	The pizza is consistently ok, the beer plentiful, service generally friendly, and they allow dogs on the patio rain or shine. We like the BBQ chicken pizza and the pesto. The quattro formagio and the mushroom pizzas are both fine though a bit bland. I love that pizzas is fairly thin, but would prefer that is have a bit more flavor and less raw flour or cornmeal stuck to the crust. The Brixx salad is a winner for lunch if you aren't in the mood for pizza. Also, pizza is BOGO after 10 during the week and 11 on weekends.This Brixx is incredibly convenient for those of us living in Dilworth condos. For that reason alone, we are regulars.
5	I go to Brixx often as I work in Dilowrth! I made a to go order today for the office and when we got back to the office, realized we were a pizza short. I called the restaurant and it was prepared quickly and we were also given a complementary coupon for one free pizza. So nice! Thanks again. We will def. return! Actions mean a lot!
5	Love the Dilworth and Uptown locations!  It is really the only place I like pizza.  My favorite is the Mexican pizza, but the menu is pretty extensive.  Their hummus is to die for good. This is one of the best restaurants in town!
5	06/16/14 My last visit to This particular Brixx had not been stellar. Today I decided to give it another try and had lunch with a coworker and three children. This experience was completely different than my first. The staff was friendly and helpful and very attentive this visit. The pizzas my friend & her family ordered were well made and not over cooked as before. I ordered the Brixx salad with salmon and I will most definitely order it again! The salmon was perfectly cooked; well-seasoned with a great sear on it. 08/24/14I'm sitting on the patio at Brixx again, having just enjoyed a back-to-school dinner. Today I had the spinach & artichoke dip and ordered a spicy blt pizza to go. The app was great, but it's also a hard one to mess up. I tried a piece of the pizza & it was delicious! The crust was cooked to perfection & the topping melded well together. The service has again been superb & I'm very happy to see that Brixx has stepped up. I'll definitely be back!
4	I had dinner with a friend here and the entire place has been remodeled since my last visit.  I liked all the changes.  We each had pizza, but, I am very picky.  I have to say the waitress gave my different idea's until I chose one.  It turned out to be very, very good.  It is a small place so I wouldn't advise you to go here for any piece and quiet.  Very family oriented and very loud at times.  The food and service was excellent.S. Cooper
4	This was my first time eating at Brixx. Certain beers were offered at $3 (not sure if it was a happy hour things or it's a certain day of the week), but there were quite a few options available. I opted for the Laguitas IPA. If you're a fan of IPAs, this one is pretty good. For a meal, I decided on the buffalo Chicken Pizza. It was fresh and delicious. The service was a little slow and parking is a bit limited, but there is parking in the adjacent shopping plaza. Overall, a good experience.
4	Second time here after a meet-up with the Charlotte Running Group.  No pictures unfortunately, but food was good and well-presented.  My girlfriend and I tried the Rustica pizza and the Thai chicken salad.  The pizza was good - thin crust, with lots of toppings, and the perfect size for two.  The salad was a bit sweet with the satay sauce, but the pistachios were a nice touch.  In addition to the food, Brixx has a good beer selection, as well as some cool specials.  They had $2 local drafts on Monday (tried an Olde Mecklenburg brew), and they also have a Masters of Beer Appreciation (MBA) that rewards frequent drinkers (sort of the opposite of AA). Service was good, and I will be back after more runs as we are now getting into nice weather in Charlotte!
2	My fiancee and I went there the other night and had a rather poor experience. We walk in and were seated by a young man. Roughly 10 minutes had gone by and we still hadn't even seen our server to give him our drink orders. Since we were on the patio, we thought maybe he didn't know we were there. When he finally does come, it's the same guy that sat us (so he obviously knew we were there). He's fairly quick with bringing out the water and pizzas we ordered, but then he disappeared again for about 15-20 minutes. We finally had to get one of the bussers to grab our server because we were done eating and wanted our check (we'd finished 10 minutes prior to asking for him). All in all, the food was good, but the service was awful.EDIT: I have contacted Brixx, as requested, and they have not responded back. It's nice of them to "make an effort" to reach out, but doesn't help if they don't actually follow through.EDIT 2: After my initial edit, the manager contacted me again and sent us some vouchers to give them another shot. We haven't gotten by there yet, but we may give them another shot to see if our experience was a fluke or not.
4	I just keep finding myself here. Maybe it's the convenience. It's just down the street from my place. Or maybe it's their pizza. The Bronx Bomber is a pretty darn tasty pizza. Or maybe it's the half price draft beers on Mondays. They do have a nice selection of brews to choose from. I don't know, I just keep ending up here. Any way you slice it (see what I did there), there are some good reasons to visit.
