4	The Pillar Pub is a great little place to grab a drink.  It's not very big in there, but it doesn't really need to be.  They can fit a pretty decent number of people in there, if need be.  They have several TVs, if you're there to watch the game.  The bartenders are super friendly, and they keep the drinks flowing.  They have a surprisingly decent selection of beer on tap, including Guinness (one of my fav's, of course!).  The bartenders are also pretty generous with the alcohol on mixed drinks, which suits me just great.  The don't have a lot of fancy cocktails there, but it's a pub - who goes to a pub for a flavored martini?  And they don't serve food, which is a little bit sad.The only real concern I have is the parking situation.  The lot is small, and most of the parking is for the apartment tenants.  You can park in some of the spots after the other businesses have closed, but other than that you have to find street parking.  On the weekends, that becomes difficult to find close to the pub.If you're looking for a place to have a reasonably-priced drink and catch a game on TV, the Pillar is a great place to go.
3	It is a decent little pub just outside of Uptown, but still inside the belt.  I found it to be pricey when ordering a nice local craft beer, but have had friends say they drink a ton for not that high of a bill.  Their outdoor seating is lacking as there are only two to three small tables that aren't balanced.  If you are looking for a bar out of the way of the hustle and bustle of uptown, before going out, or you live close by it isn't bad.  I would just prefer to go somewhere else.
5	The Pillar Pub has changed ownership and the name ( Infused). It's now open everyday and has had huge makeover( floors, booths, outdoor patio, etc..). Cute down to earth bartenders and great drink specials. Infused has a bunch of different homemade infused vodka's (counted 7 while there). The Mixed Berry is there most popular but the Bloody Mary is unbelievable. The regulars Mark, Darrell and Luke welcomed me with open arms and shots. Infused has a huge "BAR" sign now that has become a landmark for the First ward neighborhood. Very laid back and welcoming atmosphere. Unlike anywhere else uptown, they have plenty of free parking. They are great for before and after uptown events. Can't wait to go there for upcoming football games! It's a hidden gem in uptown Charlotte. My new favorite bar...
5	Place is now "Infused." Cool neighborhood spot. Decor is really well done. Not sure it's known for Martinis really, but there is a full liquor bar so all good
