3	After doing numerous research on the prices and features of all couple massages at the spas in Las Vegas, I decided on Djanel Spa because it offered the most services for the most reasonable price. When I called to make an appointment, I was greeted by a man with a French accent (named D.J.), whom was difficult to understand sometimes but helpful, nonetheless.Djanel Spa is located inside the Bluegreen Resort, which is off the strip a couple blocks. I didn't mind the drive there since we were lodging at the Venetian. However, when you arrive at the resort, D.J. instructs you to meet him in the lobby so that he can take you to the spa, as it's very easy to get lost. Once I arrived there, I noticed that the spa is really small. There is a large room that D.J. always uses for massages and treatments...and then another smaller room that he uses to store products and ring up his clients. If you wanted to use the bathroom, you would have to go outside and down the hall to use the bathroom by the resort's swimming pool.The feeling was a little eerie since this small spa was lit with a dark blue light, rather than candles or dimming lights. D.J. had another masseuse, named Lisa, who performed the Swedish massage on one person while he performed a facial on the other. Let's start the review by evaluating Lisa. She's nice, but quiet. The massage she performed on both me and boyfriend was softer than we wanted. It was almost as if she had weak hands and couldn't apply more force. Even for someone who prefers a light pressure like me felt like the massage wasn't strong enough. The one thing I didn't like is she never checked up on us during the massage and asked how the pressure was. She just kept quiet the whole time. The massage wasn't bad though, I did fall asleep for a little bit.D.J. has unbelievably soft hands, which was perfect for the facial. He applied various products to my face and occasionally used a hot towel to wrap around my head. The part that I didn't like was he removed all of our blackheads by simply squeezing them out...which hurt like a b*tch. I've heard that squeezing blackheads can be damaging, depending on how your skin reacts to it...and that there are better ways to remove blackheads than with your hands. I just didn't appreciate how he did this without asking us first. I later realized that D.J. is short for Djanel, which meant he was the owner of this spa. The gifts that are included in the couple's massage is actually a DVD of him teaching simple massage techniques and a CD of him playing music that are designed for massages. I also didn't like how he pushed his skin care product line on me because he said we needed to take better care of our skin, even though I told him I was already using other products. I expected to leave my appointment feeling rejuvenated, not with my hands full of newly bought merchandise.The last thing I wanted to mention, is that although D.J. was super friendly to both of us, he crossed my personal boundaries many times. He was always hugging me or rubbing my arms in front of my boyfriend, which upset him, of course. He would also touch my face and give this creepy smile. I'm not sure if this is because he's French or because this is normal behavior for masseuses in Vegas.I guess what's most important to say is that I would never go back. The experience as a whole was satisfactory but I've had better massages and facials. D.J. is nice and I give him props for managing his own business but the atmosphere and behavior of the staff though isn't what I wanted. I think I'll stick to a spa on the strip next time.
5	I had run in the grueling Las Vegas Tough Mudder the previous day and believe me I needed some serious massage therapy.  Djanel Spa gave me exactly what I needed!DJ is an excellent masseur, from the pressure down to the oils, this is what massage should be.  The atmosphere was as relaxing as it gets and DJ took his time and worked out all the knots and whatevers I had in my back. You can really tell he takes pride in his business and pays attention to every detail. Being in a big resort just off the strip is nice because there is plenty of close parking spots (especially for motorbikes) but not the traffic disaster that is "the strip."  I thought the review from Cormin was funny.  Surely after doing all the research she must have noticed the first words on the website "upscale european spa" Then she was surprised to hear what she thinks is a french accent when she called to make the appointment?? Maybe she is not aware that the words masseur, masseuse, and massage are french words? Massage in the United States is relatively new, only becoming popular in mid 19th century, whereas the Europeans have been doing it for quite some time and they know exactly what they are doing.None other than the Father of Western Medicine, Hippocrates wrote "The physician must be experienced in many things, but assuredly in rubbing"Maybe Cormin SHOULD stick to the strip where she can pay twice as much for half the massage! I myself can appreciate a professional massage at an exceptional value.I had the most relaxing experience there and I will surely go back.When you get there tell DJ you saw Troy's yelp and he will hook you up!
1	This review is not pertaining to the services I received from Djanel. Unfortunately, I did not even make it that far into the business transaction. I called to schedule a massage because I had heard and read positive things about Djanel Spa. Further, the prices were reasonable compared to most of the hotels/spas. While making the appointment, I informed the person I was speaking to that I preferred a female masseuse. He replied that he did not have any female masseuses available for 5 weeks because he had conventions and weddings to attend to. Peculiar, I thought, but no problem, sir. I told him that 5 weeks would put us into the month of January and I would be happy to schedule an appointment with a female during that time. He replied that he could not promise anything especially a female masseuse and that he does not schedule appointments that far ahead. He stated that he would not even want to "promise a glass of orange juice" that far ahead. He went on stating that it should not matter who gives me a massage and that I should be happy with whomever I receive a massage from; "I have been in business for over 25 years and this is not a normal request..." At this time, I simply stated that I would take my business elsewhere.Judging from what other people have stated, this is a solid spot to receive spa services. I was disappointed that I could not experience "25 years of business." Instead and judging from context, I received an earful of metaphors and anecdotes from the owner.
5	I normally don't write reviews on here unless the place spectacular. I moved to Las Vegas in January and I had yet to find a good masseuse. I definitely stay away from the chain massage places and the extremely expensive spas on the strip. Then this groupon pops up. 90 minute massage for $59. Um hell yeah! Conveniently located for locals and tourists. So I actually work at a spa, and I am so quick to judge, you could say I'm a massage snob, but Dj at Djanel is my new BFF! The atmosphere in his spa is so calming, relaxing and there's no way you couldn't feel comfortable. Dj was so friendly and we chit chatted for a bit before my massage, but the second the massage started, all he asked was if I was comfortable and if the pressure was ok. I appreciate so much that he wasn't trying to small talk while I was relaxing. He is extremely educated and you can tell he loves what he does. I've never felt more relaxed after a massage than I did after my massage with him. I will definitely be coming back to see Dj at least once a month because he is affordable and a great masseuse.
5	My wife and I recently booked appointments with DJ at Djanel spa inside the BlueGreen resort after a loong days hiking around Red Rock Canyon.WHAT AN EXPERIENCE!!  The energy and warmth DJ exhudes is nothing short of AMAZING! We were greeted and lavished with luxuries and amenities to make us feel comfortable immediately. DJ provided us with massages that were relaxing, invigorating and highly theraputic all at the same time and worked on us for far more than his "allotted" time. With Djanel spa, you are treated to wonderful conversation and a relaxed atmosphere-the room itself is nothing short of..ZEN. DJ is an amazing massuese!If you do not try Djanel spa while visiting , or while living in Las Vegas---you are missing out on an amazing experience!! Male ..OR...Female alike!
5	Best massage EVER!  Djanel is very personable and accommodating. He even drove us back to our hotel. This spot is off the beaten path, but well worth the trip.
5	Everything leading up to the massage is a little unorganized. There is no receptionist so it is difficult to make the appointment. You have to wait to be picked up in the hotel lobby. There is no spa associated with this massage room, but the room is very nicely decorated. Poor DJ runs the entire operation by himself and seems rushed and frazzled when you meet him. But as soon as he puts his hands on you all of that frustration and judgment melts away. He gives the best massage I have ever had. I was a massage therapist for 12 years and I now regularly get massages a couple of times a month. I have been bouncing around Las Vegas for the past year never repeating with the same therapist twice. Finally I don't have to try anyone else. He was very talented and super nice. He really cares about his work and puts so much energy into his work.
5	I was in Vegas for only 24hrs and I had heard good things about this place. I knew that my appt would have been super short notice but I tried anyways and he was full, but then he told me that if there was an opening that he would call me back. After one hr he called me back and said that he had an opening! I was so excited and felt super lucky to have gotten in on the same day because he was telling me that he gets booked a lot and sometimes people don't understand that. Well my experience was nothing but wonderful I got the dry air brushing, aroma therapy massage, hot oil hair treatment and the paraffin hand wax and the whole experience was amazing!! I highly recommend if you can book in advance to go here. What makes it awesome is that he is very personable and will treat you like a long time friend. He even drove me back to my hotel!! Super nice guy and a great massage!!
5	First of all, I would like to thank the Groupon Gods for finding Djanel! Second, I'm actually happy that I stayed at Hooters (even though Tuscany was where I was supposed to stay) because I was looking for near by deals. Bluegreen Resort was just a 10 min walk from hooters. Make sure you call DJ to make an appt. He's sure to let you know all the little details from where to wait (the lobby) and that he will pick you up and escort you to the spa. He doesn't even need to know what you look like. It's like a superpower he has. Anyway, I could tell DJ was very personable on the phone. Maybe it was his cool accent, but I already knew we'd get along. I arrived at the lobby 10 min.before my appt time (like he says to do) and called him when I thought he was running late (since he didn't show up on time). I didn't mind he was running late since I was in no rush, but he was very nice about explaining to me why it took so long. He's the only one at the spa so I understand how hectic it can be to make sure everything happens on time. The massage room was so nice and comforting. Talking to DJ literally feels like you're talking to one of your best friends! I didn't mind hearing his cool stories during the massage and telling him mine. He makes you feel sooo relaxed and all the aromas make you just want to stay there forever. I don't live in Vegas, but I will definitely be coming back to DJ when I come back in the summer. AND I'll be bringing all my friends there! We'll need massaging after all the partying!
5	Best massage ever. DJ made me feel absolutely relaxed and revitalized.
4	Just got a great massage from DJ.  It was just what I needed.   The room was relaxing,  the music was appropriate and DJs hands were so soft and very strong!!!!I used a groupon, but I would definitely go back without one!!!!!
3	I want to give Djanel spa a 3.5 star rating however Yelp doesn't allow half stars, I'm rounding down due to the randomness of the place.I purchased the groupon for a 50 minute Swedish Massage, the massage was great. Djanel is a pro and knows what he's doing, it's just everything else around the experience that left me unsure if I'll return any time soon.First off Spa is an overstatement, it's technically a room in the timeshare, they took the bed and furnishing out and replaced it with 3 massage tables. The room is very relaxing, but it's almost like a semi private hospital room (they even have the track curtains). When I booked my appointment he told me to wait in the lobby and he'd come get me. I waited patiently in the lobby, a few minutes late (nothing too bad) Djanel came down and met me. He then had me follow him up to the "spa". On the way to the treatment room we swung through the pool area so he could grab a few towels and he pointed out the pool/hot tub that I could use if I wanted (nothing fancy but a nice added bonus).We then walked to the treatment room, as I said before it's pretty much an empty hotel room with massage tables where the beds should be. He pointed a few things out and then left so I could undress and hop on the table.The massage itself was really good, he obviously knows what he's doing, after the massage he offered me a coupon for a discount on my next visit. I'm not much of a massage/spa guy but if I'm going to book another service I'll probably do it at a bigger place that has all the facilities in house and make a day out of it.The services offered were great, Djanel was nice and friendly, but the set up is odd and is probably what will keep me away from future visits.
5	I was in town for my post-grad celebrations/EDC weekend. While the rest of my party was in bed recovering, I decided I wanted to treat myself to a massage.Djanel was the first place that popped up in my vicinity and I was able to book an appointment that same afternoon. Djanel is the owner and masseuse and was more than accommodating. He even gave me more direct directions to get to the Bluegreen Resort than any map app could. His prices are a bargain compared to the other resorts and the few other massages I've had. The massage itself was more than enjoyable. After two days/nights worth of non-stop dancing and four years of academia I could have died and gone to heaven on that bed. Djanel was very friendly and a real professional. We chatted quite a bit about the weekend, school, how we'd lived in the same cities and even about the trials and tribulations that are EDC weekend. After all the small talk you'd think you've been friends forever with him!I highly recommend Djanel and his services to anyone looking for a quiet get-away within the city limits. I know I'll be sending any of my friends to him and hope to make it back out again soon!
5	During a 3 day visit to Las Vegas the weekend of Jan. 2nd 2014, I got the gold package at Djanel Spa.  It was wonderful!  Djanel is vibrant and a burst of sunshine!  The relaxing massage was just the right amount of pressure, my face (2 weeks later) still is as smooth as satin from the facial, I loved the hot oil scalp treatment which included a scalp massage.  The final treatment was a parafin wax hand dip, which really was soothing to my dry skin from the cold temps in N. Dakota.  The spa was cozy and peaceful with candles...a perfect get away from walking, shopping and late nights in Vegas.  I highly recommend Djanel, he is so friendly and easy to talk to and is definitely the best at what he does!  Thanks, Djanel, I can't wait to come back!
5	Great spa for locals! Close to the strip but not packed! Affordable pricing and actually an amazing service. The 50 minute massage is the way to go.
5	Awesome first-time experience!  The mood & DJ himself are very calming & relaxing. I want sure what to expect, but DJ is very professional & made me feel very comfortable right away. Can't wait to go back!  I would recommend getting at least an hour because I got a half-hour sampler & it was great, but it ended too soon. Thanks DJ!
5	What a great find so close to the strip!  This is not the spa to come to for a treatment if you are looking for the expansive locker room, flavored water, robes and throw-away slippers.  For that you can pay $135-$165 for 50 minutes at any of the large hotels on the strip.What Djanel Spa offers is a very convenient location (need a car or taxi to reach easily) and a very personal experience.  It's unusual to be greeted by the owner and have him conduct the massage as well.  We enjoyed a couples package which included a massage, scalp oil rub and paraffin treatment (hands).  DJ and his assistant offered a qaulity therapy session in a comfortable environment for total relaxation.  Further, it was nice to receive such personal treatment in an area like LV where all the major properties are large and impersonal.So, if the above is what you're looking for - you'll enjoy it.
