2	My husband and I went here last Friday night. I really, really wanted to like this place. I have read so many mixed reviews about the different Two Hippie locations so I went here trying to have an open mind. The "beach house" is really cute and has lots of fun decorations to look at inside.We ordered the 3 taco pack with 1 fish, 1 carnita, and 1 carne asada. I also had a blood orange lemonade. The lemonade was my favorite thing. The carne asada and carnita were ok but nothing memorable. The fish taco however was horrible. It was all mushy and completely unflavored. I think I took 1 bite and couldn't finish it. The service is friendly but was very slow. Including us, there was a maximum of 4 people in the restaurant the whole time we were here. "Two Hippies" is a great concept and the restaurant has a fun vibe but the food is just not good.
2	I really wanted to like this place since it's so close to my 'hood.  C'est la vie.  As the other reviewer said, the service is slower than Methuselah and not really worth the wait because it's just not that good.  We ordered some cheese quesadillas...you'd think it'd be impossible to mess these up.  Nope...it's possible.  There was actually too much cheese on it...about an inch of cheese...I'm not kidding...it was really crazy.The lemonade is decent, but if you're in the area, why not go to the Middle Eastern bakery next door and get really good fresh squeezed stuff with a hint of orange-flower water--it's excellent.We went back twice more thinking that maybe this place would get better.  It didn't.  :(
4	This location (16th St 2 Hippies) is a favorite of ours for location, quantity, and Friday Fish Fry! Centrally located, in between deliveries or on our way home, we must have the Friday Special. It's got some sort of Wasabi sauce on it that will clear your sinuses, yet it's somehow not to spicy. I don't know how they did it. Every now and then we will stop by and have lunch on a different day of the week. The atmosphere is always nice, you can sit on the wrap-around patio or on the north side of the building where there are chairs in the the grass. The bathroom is always clean. The people are always friendly. I agree, it takes a while to get your order, so plan accordingly. We actually call our orders in since we have to get back on the road ASAP. Also, sometimes they mess up, don't confuse them by getting fancy with the tacos. At least check the food before you leave. They'll fix it with apologies.  We've been here at least 20 times, and it's usually pretty good. The owner stops and talks to us too. If nothing else, try the Friday Fish Fry! I'm not a Fish Fry expert, but I really like it. Crispy Wasabi Fish Fry....
4	Tasty, Big Taco's.  Now that Chuy's has closed down I think I'll be here a lot more, and I'll always to remember to order extra for lunch the next day.The food isn't stellar, but it is tasty, great value and better than I can make at home. In my book, that's good enough to make me a repeat customer.I'm not sure if they have a licence to sell beer yet, but even so, it's worth popping in if you're in the neighborhood.  I think it's cash only so don't forget to head to the bank 2 blocks north first.
4	The burgers were good. The service was receptive and responsive. The atmosphere was appropriately laid-back. And although this was my first visit to this location (my fourth or fifth to all locations in the "chain") I think I can say that I "get it" now.When people complain about typical chain restaurants they usually fault their faultlessness: i.e. Everything tastes the same from one location to another, no one item on the menu stands out (as good OR bad), the help is trained in standard service techniques which bar the display of any real personality, and so on. So I think it's interesting when the same people who avoid chains for their flawless, smooth symmetry will nag a place that diverges from that faultlessness while still providing what's generally a satisfying experience. Two Hippies isn't Applebee's or Denny's.  It's more or less what I would call "amateurish", if only it were possible to use that word without any negative overtones.  The spirit of the place is expressed in enthusiasm and rough-and-ready improvisation. Like this: "Hey man, let's grill burgers and make fries and sell the combo for like $5 or $6. We don't need a drink fountain. C'mon--let's just do it. Look at that house over there. We could sell them out of there. Put a porch on it. Get some benches from Home Depot. Yeah."So to me--having been raised listening to independent records and hearing a steady stream of entrepreneurial ideas from both of my parents--the spirit of Two Hippies seems charming and energizing. The occasional blips in service and lack of uniformity only adds to the attraction.And you are free to disagree.
5	I cannot say anything but how Amazing this little place is. It was a franchise spot then the guy decieded to move and handed the keys back over to the origanial owners Andy and Kim.The food is all fresh made, never sits under a heat lamp, and is made when you order it.It used to be taco's and burro's mostly, and the price is right on! 5 bucks for a pound size burro of your choice or you can get 3 huge taco's for 5 dollars, the good thing about the taco's is you can mix and match them, that way you can taste 3 diffrent kinds. They also offer a vegitarian section like cactus, black beans and pinto beans, and it is all homeade.They have daily specials as well, the menu is changing and you can now get any kinda burger{bacon, guac,feta, jalopino ect} with fries for 6 BUCKS..and then get a yummy flavored lemonade to go with your food the varieties are endless and they are only 3 bucks with a free refill as well, it is so good and kinda slushy, they make them while you wait! plus they pretty much have any kind of soda for a buck or sun teaI also heard a rumor they will be having breakfast as well soon, cannot wait!!\ so go check it out sit on the wrap around porch and enjoy your day!!!
4	Went here for lunch a couple weeks back and told myself I would write a review...i completely forgot! :( But today I drove by it and it reminded me to write a review. First thing is...Value.....You get a ton of food....for basically nothing....they have daily specials that are always good but their burritos that can stuff a horse are like 3$....Be warned however that they dont tell you this....so when you order a burrito and 3 tacos because you think it cant be much food due to the low price......you'll know. I got a burrito with pork and it was delicious...too many beans for me but thats easily correctable next time....by time I got half way...I knew there was no way I was getting to taste the "famous fish tacos" if I kept going. So I stopped with the burrito and moved on to the fish tacos....yum...they were very good....I still prefer the burritos..but as a lighter meal you can do the tacos and be very full and very happy. Again...beans were a bit much but Ill just ask for light beans next time. They also make these flavored lemonade slushis there that are pretty tasty. All in all a very friendly place with friendly owners who live up to the name of the place and they make great food for VERY affordable prices. When I was there they were Cash Only...I dont know if that has changed...but bring cash just in case.
4	Oh boy! The fish tacos are amazing.  For a very small price you get a very large amount of fresh and delicious food. This is one place a teenager and adult can agree has fabulous food. If you are a Republican don't be scared away by the name or the color scheme.  The food is worth getting even if it looks a little, um, unconventional.The parking is free and the staff are very friendly.
5	I'd come back!  Great prices, good food.  Service was fantastic!  Kim (one of the founders) was very friendly.  Fun atmosphere...filling lunch for two WITH drinks only 13 bucks!  Nice!
5	I have been here twice in the last week and loved it! The place is now called, The Burger Shack. On my first visit I had a hot dog covered in bacon, shredded cheese, guacamole, and mustard....it was perfect. Next visit I had their BBQ Bacon Burger...the burgers here are cooked on the grill, with real fire...amazing burger. They are serving a small selection of breakfast items all day, hot dogs, burgers, and some sandwiches. The owners here are nice and friendly and go out of their way to give great customer service...and the place was VERY clean on both visits.
