5	Let me first start by saying that I, like everyone else, don't really enjoy having work done on my teeth or mouth. With that said - I was informed by my awesome dentist (Power Ranch Dental) that I needed to have my wisdom teeth surgically removed. Oh fun! Because that is exactly how I wanted to spend the end of April! Well let me tell you - it was GREAT. The entire staff at Sonoma Oral and Facial Surgery are great - especially the doctor and the dental assistant. I felt comfortable through out the entire consultation - even when the dental assistant joked "we haven't killed anyone... yet" (for anesthesia you have to watch a consent video)When it came to the day of the "big pull" everything went as planned. My molars were pretty empacted but the surgery was a resounding success. Absolutely everything I was told would happen, or I would feel, was 100% accurate. No surprises. My follow-up appointments have also been great. I healed well and no longer have pressure pain in my mouth. I wasn't going to write a review initially. I loved everything but since most of my reviews are positive I thought I needed to chill a bit. What made me write this review is that I got my EOB in the mail from the insurance company and noticed that I had paid about $90 more the day of service than I was supposed to. I've dealt with this in the past and every time I have been told one reason or another why the extra I paid was really supposed to be charged. Much to my surprise, and elation, when I called I was told "we noticed that yest yesterday when we got the paperwork from the insurance company and we have already processed your refund." How cool is that? I have NEVER been that lucky. Usually I have to fight with the doctor to get my money back. (My wife is a medical biller so I know the game)So that's it. If you need these guys you will be in EXCELLENT hands - literally!
1	I was referred by my dentist to have a tooth extracted to this office.  My first impression with this office was I felt like I was being nickled and dimed to death.  I already knew what tooth I needed to have extracted, but they wanted to do a consult.  Ok, no big deal, however they wanted a $100 deposit if I wanted it done on the same day as the procedure.  If I came in separately I could do that without paying the $100.  Oh wait it gets worst..... they called the next day to tell me that it is still going to be an additional $37 just to consult me.  At this point I had had enough.  This whole experience with the unprofessional office staff left me with a bad first impression.  I found another dentist that was more caring.
5	Had to get some teeth pulled and was not real thrilled about being there but the whole staff made it a much better experience than I was expecting. Dr. Spanganberg is excellent and the assistants were all very friendly and funny. They were joking with me the whole time and even remembered me when I went back for a follow up visit. Will refer everyone I know here!
5	I had a foto facial done here and had a great experienceFriendly staff
1	After buying a Groupon for a package of 5 photofacials when I had my consultation appointment the aesthetician  said the Groupon included 5 "treatment areas".  She said she could spot treat my problem areas but it did not included the entire face.  I have had many photofacials over the years and the face has to be done all at once!  She allowed me to use the package for 2, not 5, whole face treatments and on the second facial she lasered me without even removing my makeup!  Stay clear of this med spa.
1	would never go back i went to have photo facials done by sierra she burned my face and im still doing everything i can to fix her damage i have to wear so much makeup and cover up now and its still there doing tons of treatments and it dsnt fade thanks
5	Laser hair removal with Lori is a true pleasure! Not only will the treatment change your life but Lori is extremely professional and kind. She is very knowledgeable and her treatments are extremely affordable.
