4	Can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed yet!  Great pizza--$3.49 for Large Cheese carryout (and just $1 per topping) or $7.99 unlimited toppings carryout.  Delivery is 9.99 for unlimited toppings.  Great deal for some pretty darned good pizza for the price.As can be expected, the regular amount of cheese is a little bit light given the cheap prices-- BUT this can be solved just by getting extra cheese!24/7 delivery and carryout
3	The pizza here is very tasty. The service is great.The people are nice.The only thing I really don't care for is dining in. I did go here when it had just started so it may have improved over time.Would recommend.
4	A large greasy cheese pizza for $5? Sign me up! Rebel Pizza is open 24/7 and located right across the street from UNLV. It's decorated with UNLV jerseys and colors. The walls are full of notes from students, particularly those with Greek affiliation. Plus, the pizza's gooood.
4	The 4 star is really as high as it is based on the really low prices. yes the prices used to be even lower, but 5 bucks for a pizza that will cost you 10 bucks at say dominoes or some other pizzeria, and arguably tastes better? Yea, that is pretty damn good. Now this is far from the best pizza in Las Vegas, but if you arent looking to upgrade to one of the finer pizzas in Vegas like Grimaldi's, then this is the best of the low end. Great sporters of UNLV, and open 24/7? That is pretty solid. Hope these guys can keep the place open, its far from the first place to open in the same place, though in the past they havent lasted all that long.
3	"Best Food, Best Prices, 'Nuff Said" That's their slogan, I'm not sure I agree with all of that but it certainly is cheap. One large sausage pizza (not that big but enough for two of us) and two drinks ran us $8.70. Pizza was decent but I've had better, very good for the price I suppose. One reviewer mentioned the "notes" on the walls from past patrons. It looks more like graffiti to me... The ice machine wasn't working all that well. Apparently the protocol is to have one of the employees shove a large knife up the ice hole and then his fingers too. I wasn't overly impressed with this procedure, but again, you get what you pay for. Considering the price and that they're open 24 hours, I will definitely be back.
4	Hubby and I tried this place tonight just on a whim. The service here is real. It's not all fake and full of blowing smoke up your ass, but people acting like genuine people. The service was a little bit slow,  but we were warned ahead of time that the girl working the counter was alone for the shift, and she apologized right away. No problems, I've worked in restaurants and I know how it is. Plus talking to her while she worked help pass the time for both her and us.The large pizza is now $4.99. Toppings are still $1 each. The subs are $4.99 also. The pizza is very good for the price. Is it the best pizza we've ever had? No. Did we expect that for a $9.99 pie? (We got the unlimited toppings one) No. Did we leave full and satisfied, along with having had a good experience? Damned right we did.We'll definitely be returning.
1	I'm not really sure what happened to this place. There's been a LOT of drama between the new owners and the staff lately, and all the good staff members who have busted their ass for a long time are being fired, and the ones who remain are also on their way out the door, or at least terrified that they too, will lose their job in the next week.Sad. It was a good place, too. A new paint job inside won't change the fact that the owners are shitty to their staff, and in turn the restaurant suffers.
1	For 5 bucks UNLV students can just go to big mammas 1 light away and get an actually good 18" pizza. Rebel used yo be worth eating it's crappy pizza when It as 3.50 but now it's just not worth it, no matter how hungover. Plus everything else on the menu is over priced and low quality. Simply run way from their wings.
1	The other reviews you will read on Rebels Pizza are CORRECT. This place has changed! The pizza sucks! We went in to get a pizza right before moving from Vegas and were shocked when our favorite little cheap pizzeria had completely morphed into a dump! First off - their phone line was cut off... which meant we couldn't order ahead for pick up. When we arrived and asked the guy behind the counter why the phone line wasn't working he explained that they had changed owners (UH-OH, WE SHOULD HAVE WALKED OUT RIGHT THEN), but we stayed. Ordered two pizzas because that's about all that was available from their menu. None of the salads or sides were available because they were "renovating"/the menu was in transition/BS. We sat and waited in the empty dining area... which used to be full of students eating and waiting for their orders. One of our pizza's was ready but they had forgotten to make the other one... even though we were the only customers in the whole place. We decide to sit down and eat a slice while we wait for the other one to be made. Right away when we opened the box we could tell this wasn't the pizza we know and loved. The crust wasn't cooked, it was soggy, wet and fell apart when you tried to pick up the slice. The whole thing was a complete debacle and no amount of ranch could salvage it. We brought the pizza back up to show the "chef" and ask him WTF happened... we argued with them and they were extremely defensive, swearing that nothing about the ingredients or method had been changed. Luckily for us we got our money back. But we wasted about 40 minutes of our time doing so... save yourself some time/money and AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.
5	I stand corrected. The new owners are great. The old owners have been going around badmouthing them a lot, but now that they've got new staff in there, and have changed their recipes, it's gotten even better than it originally was. They're currently remodeling the floor and kitchen, and are going to be putting out a new menu soon. Very excited to try it. Love the new pizza recipe, too!
1	They've gone out of business. They claimed they were remodeling back in October and would be open in a week. Since then they've disconnected their phone, the windows are taped up, and nothing on their Facebook.I wrote to the owners on Facebook at one point, and they responded with "some of the new equipment is having problems getting out of the dock"... but that was two months ago. Oh well. I guess we're going to have to find a new pizza place again, or go back to Due.
