4	Collier CenterThe best way to get in and out of this place is to call your order in and pick it up.  If you don't work in the Collier Center or anywhere near, parking can be a real pain.  The sandwiches are always good, the cookies are always tasty.  The staff can be a bit iffy but it's obvious that the place gets slammed at lunch time and it's a bit of chaos.It's only opened M-F 6:30a-4p
2	For me, Paradise Bakery is a poor man's Panera. I don't think it's nearly as organized, friendly or tasty as Panera, although the price is much better at Paradise.Paradise Bakery is disappointing in a few ways. First, I really really hate when places just have pictures of sandwiches on the display board and provide absolutely zero written description. Oh, I see I'm just supposed to guess what is on that sandwich that has a picture in the most inconvenient spot in the whole freaking place. Wonderful. Second, the caesar salad is horrible. I took my first bite yesterday and instantly remembered why I swore I would never order another one from Paradise again. I managed to choke most of it down, but seriously what is wrong with their caesar dressing??? It has a very funny, and not in a good way, taste to it. Also the croutons are not very tasty either. Third, they completely use too much dressing on their salads. Excuse me, but can I have some lettuce to go with that dressing?? And finally, for a bakery, I don't particularly find the cookies and pastries I have tried to be all that amazing. The chocolate/white chocolate chip cookie I tried yesterday was a bit on the dry side and not very chewy/soft at all. Boo.The two bright spots are 1) the price...my salad and medium drink was $6.23 which isn't a bad deal at all and 2)the number of tables outside this location where you can escape the office to enjoy a nice, leisurely lunch on a beautiful Arizona day. But if you are craving a salad or sandwich, there are better options in the downtown area.
3	they have pretty good cookies, i know there are allot better options in my neighborhood for some cookies. but if i'm downtown in the mix and they are open, i might grab a snickerdoodle or a Chocolate Macadamia
3	When I got off the light rail this morning, I felt like doing something different.  I've been meaning to come here, but well, I'm tired in the mornings, so I kept blowing this place off.  And its not like I can go after work becuase they close at 4PM!  (WTF is that all about? LAME!)Anyways, went here and the place is on the second floor.  Had to take the escalator up one flight.  The place is actually pretty big on the inside, with lots of outdoor seating.  I saw a thing that also said they have free wifi? hhhmm.  Interesting.Anyways, I just wanted something light, so I stood in line. I dont have much time in the mornings to grab anything of serious substance, and I like to keep it light.  They had a nice variety of muffins, crossiants and the such to choose from.  I didnt see any bagels nor did I ask if they had any.  I went with the banana chocolate chip muffin, and it actually tasted pretty good!  They have coffee here too, but I passed.  I dont think they have much else to serve for breakfast besides a few pastries and coffee.  Worth going to again for breakfast!
5	This is a frequent dining spot for me. There are not to many options in downtown Phoenix, however this place has a great variety. I am not a sandwich gal or a fan of deli's though Paradise Bakery has a great variety on their menu to offer for all types of eaters. Everything is fresh. They have daily soup options and tasty crisp salads to go. As far as the deserts (cookies, brownies, etc) All I can say is YUMMY! The staff is always friendly. The management team is always upbeat and greets all visitors who walk through the door. There is indoor and outdoor seating. This place gets busy so they offer call in to go orders. For a healthy option this is the place to go.
5	Clean and friendly, and fresh fare that is always good.  I like the new fuji apple, gorgonzola, grilled chicken topped salad.  Also the Asian chicken and BBQ chopped salads, and lemon, chocolate chip, or snickerdoodle cookies...
