4	if you are the type of guy that doesn't really care about "product" in your hair or things along those lines this is your place... most of the haircut is done with a trimmer but they do get out the scissors from time to time... my favorite part is that they shave the back of your neck with warm shaving cream and a straight edge... for the cut and pseudo shave it is 20 bucks (that includes a few buck tip)... everyone who works in there is foreign so it can be hard to communicate depending on who you get... but that gives you time to read the paper... oh yea they also pump people in and out so no reservations needed...
5	Have always enjoyed going here. Been going here for a few years.Went for a haircut today. Same great service. They get you in and out in a hurry but I've never had a bad haircut here.Love the hot towel and shave of the nape of your neck at the end.If you really want to pamper yourself sometime let them give you a straight razor shave. I've gotten them a few times and each time I've almost fallen asleep. Very relaxing.And like previous reviewers have noticed they are foreign but I've never had any problems getting across what I want.Highly recommended.
5	Why have I wasted all these years at great clips when this place existed?  I am a new loyal customer
4	Really not a bad deal at all. It's a real, live barber shop complete with hot towels and straight razors. The guy who cut my hair also cuts John McCain's. Brushes with greatness I guess. Yes,  you can touch me. For $20 bucks out the door it's hard to settle for the half-trained ministrations of the mass-market shopping mall hair-cutters when you can have this instead. It's the haircut of our fathers.The atmosphere is nice and dark-wood manly.The barber shop (if not the salon) scene in Arizona seems to belong to the Russian emigres. A Russian shop at 19th Av. and Northern cut my hair for 6 years. A Russian lady in Ahwatukee cut my hair for a few months this summer. Now I go to this shop staffed and owned by Russian Jews (closed on Saturdays and yarmulkes in full effect). It's all good.
4	Why did I not get the name of my Barber? It is only once in a while you meet a barber who is so talented, they know they are going to give you a good haircut no matter what you look like when you walk in.  I will just have to call back and ask for the name of the brilliant barber wearing the yalrumaka:)  I love going to the barber, for me its the entire experience.  I love getting shaves, it is one of my finest pleasures in life.  Whenever I travel I make a note to get a shave at whatever the highest rated barber in the area I'm traveling in is found.  Here in Phoenix there are a few places that you can get a great shave, this is definitely one of them.  Looking down on my barbers workstation, its hard to miss the picture of John McCain, who is one of his regular clients.The haircut was fast, fluid and precise.  There is absolutely nothing more you can ask for from a haircut then when the barber shows you the mirror and you got exactly what you wanted.  I am not even sure I described to my barber what i wanted, but he just took the reigns and made it happen.  As for the shave, well, I believe at this point in my life I am a very good judge of the barber shop shave. Having experienced it in more than ten countries and many more here in the states, I feel i have had the best and worst our valley tonsorialists have to offer.  This shave was spot on.  The initial hot towel was temperature acclimated. The blade strokes were short and even and my barber checked every nook and cranny to make sure all the little hairs were taken care of.  I would have liked to have seen some of the middle eastern rituals of the shave, IE. threading of the face to get the small parts you cannot see and few more hot towels, but for the price and quality, this is amazing.For the time being, this establishment has at the very least, my haircut business.  As for the straight razor shaves, it is hard to ignore some of the long term skills of the valleys barbers like Mr. Mirzakan at Exclusively Mens or Sam as Goodfellas in North Scottsdale, but this place still brings it. I am giving this one four stars and will update this review upon my next visit.
4	The Camelback Barber Shop has very good service with a hot towel, shoulder massage, straight razor trim and, at least if you ask for Albert, get your hair cut with scissors. All for under $20 (plus tip). My Dad says it is one of the best barber shops that he has used--and they are very nice to us service dogs too!  It can be a little hard to find, but it is in the breezeway between the two buildings, walk down through there and you will find it about halfway down.
5	A good cut, by barbers who take pride in their work.  The price is either $15 or $17 for a cut and neck trim depending on whether they think you'll tip them.The place is run by, and employs Russian Jewish immigrants, which is only relevent if you want a cut on Saturday since it's closed, but mighty useful on a Sunday!What I particularly love about this barber is that the staff won't press you with inane drivel and endless questions to strike up a conversation that'll be forgotten as soon as you walk out the door.  If you want to talk, they'll talk but if you want to watch TV (shark week was on and I couldn't peel my eyes away) then that's fine by them.
4	Yep, lively barber shop with Russian speaking staff (actually, at least some of them are from Uzbekistan). And the guy told me Senator McCain went there just for cut as he has an apartments in the vicinity at Camelback. He definitely prouds that he met McCain, and has a photo as an evidence :) I liked this place. Cards are accepted, without add. charge.
5	The Camelback Barber Shop has really good service complete with clipper and/or scissors cut, a hot towel, shoulder massage, and straight razor trim. All for under $20 (plus tip). They're one of the best barber shops that I have ever used -- and they are very nice people too!  Can be a little hard to find, but it is in the breezeway between the two buildings, just to the right of Fry's... and across the sidewalk from NYPD Pizza. Great haircut at a great price!
5	Nisson was my barber for about 4 years when I used to live right down the street. Now the commute from the Midwest would be too far to get the "just right" haircut. You walk into the place and are greeted by one of the family or extended family or a close family friend member. You can sit and lounge on the over sized leather couches and enjoy some Walker Texas Ranger, Mythbusters or whatever they might have on on one of the 5-6 TVs.There does not seem to be any jealousy amongst the barber's, they each have their own clients and are happy with who they have. I have walked in on several occasions and if Nisson was not there, they would immediately tell me when he would be back without me even speaking a single word.The barbers there are of an old school mentality. Just like a previous reviewer wrote, if you want to talk you talk, if you don't, well then you don't. But after 4 years of the same barber, Nisson and I got to know each other a little bit. He would ask about my job, my family and so on. He took the time to make each cut just right. When I told him I needed my hair cut for my wedding, he did an exceptional job, but each job he did was just that, exceptional.The last time I was there, they had one female barber, so I know they do female cuts and they are a great place for kids too with the TV as a distraction.Oh and by the way, if you need keys made or your shoes repaired, just walk right next store, they are all related!You want your hair cut right, come here.
5	Ask for Nick!
5	Being a black male, I'm always very picky about my barbers. I just moved to Phoenix not too long ago and have had one barbershop I liked. I went into my old barbershop today on New Years Eve to find it stupid packed -_-So I look for a place close to my job, since I had to work soon. I found this place here on yelp and said why not? I walk in, and its by the far the fanciest barbershop I've been in. Skepticism compelled me, but i still sat down and just waited. I really needed a cut for the New Year Party. Nick cut my hair. And my, he put some of my black barbers back home to shame with how fresh my fade came out, and how fricckin fast he did it. I was in and out in 20 minutes. We talked about my job mostly and he was very friendly. The price was well worth the quality of the cut, and it wasnt more than what I'm used to paying anyway. I was done before I knew it. Very precise, and very efficient. I am definitely coming back here since it will be close to my home and my job. P.S. Nick cut's John McCain's hair. Thats pretty dope. haha
4	This place is awesome.Traditional.Go.
4	A few years ago I went on a mission to find a new barber. I should have learned to recognize a winner by now, but I stubbornly decided to try out four or five other local barber shops before circling back to this one. After receiving multiple questionable haircuts from less stellar spots within a 5 mile radius of Camelback Barber, I finally concluded that Camelback Barber will give you a good looking cut, at a fair price, and you'll leave without a feeling like you just stepped out of a strip club. For $20 including tip, I leave with a look I'm proud of, every time.In my vision quest I saw things like magazine racks filled with playboy magazines, doors closed during regular operating hours, cheap / small barber chairs that barely fit a young teen, and shady business practices at the checkout counter. You'll find none of that here. Want to read something while you wait? Grab the sports magazine right there. Looking for a "3 on the sides and clean on the top"? This is your spot. Want to randomly swing by on a Saturday, you're out of luck 'cause that's the only day they're closed - just come back tomorrow. This is one of those spots where you can come and get a manly cut. With no blow dryer or nail polishing stations in sight, bask in the knowledge that this place caters to the guy who just wants his hair to look good, finished off with a straight razor trim around the edges. Sorry to say, but if you're looking for a waxing or mani pedi, you're looking in the wrong place.Lookin' Good Yelpers!
5	Good cut, great lining!
5	My favorite place to get my hair did! :-) Albert is THE BEST! the prices are a tad high but no matter what you will always get a great haircut...especially is Albert is cutting your hair :-)
1	Shady pricing!!! I took my 12 year old nephew there and they charged me $17.00 for a fade. The price chart say that children under 13 are $14.00. When I questioned the inaccurate fee I was told that it's an extra $3.00 to get "lined up" which wasn't even given to us as an option nor was it on the price chart. We will never go back and we will continue to spread the word about their shady prices and hidden fees.
5	Great place to get your hair cut. I am new to Phoenix and was in a hurry but read good reviews of this place. Got a hair cut and my beard shaped for $25. Steven did a great job, and I will definitely be back.
5	Open on Sunday. You can get a shaved with straight razor. Friendly, professional and at a good price
5	Great haircuts and friendly staff. Pros- all of the barbers can do a wonderful job- short wait times- good pricesCons- never have things I like to watch on the television...
4	First things First...LOCATION: Camelback Barber Shop is not easy to find if you don't know where you're going. It's located in the Camelback Colonnade shopping center. More specifically, it's in the alley between the Hallmark store and ULTA, which even More specifically, are located next to Michaels Craft store. If you don't find it with those instructions... I can't help you.The rest of the story:Prior to today, I've had one haircut in Phoenix. It was in Arcadia and the place was okay, but I just wasn't feeling it. A lot of the places I found in the Arcadia/Biltmore area were just too hoity toity based on the pics I saw. And pricey. Then I noticed some of my Yelp Phx compadres had been to this Camelback Barber Shop. All of them with good things to say. I walked in and it definitely isn't pretentious by any definition of the word. If you want eye candy or upscale, this is not the place for you. I think it was very comfortable. My barber Alex was friendly. We made some small talk, including comments about the episode of Pawn Stars that was playing on TV. I can't stand that show...Television show preferences aside though, I would like to say that I have found my new barber shop! The cut I got here was better than the previous And it cost a little less. I actually think Alex may have done the cleanest and most detailed straight razor work that I've ever had. I look dapper.
5	Nathan has been cutting my hair now for over and 2 years.  Perfect cut every time and I don't even have to tell him how to cut it each time he just remembers.  The best barber I have ever had.  Just a joy to see him in the shop. I am moving about 20 miles from the shop, but I will still come back to Nathan.  He is my Barber.
5	I live in NYC but do business once a month in Phoenix.  This is a great shop.  I have had my hair cut by 3 different barbers here and they all did a great job.  The shop is clean and everyone is professional.  They do not try to hurry your cut even if others are waiting.  It may be hard to find the first time, but it's worth the effort.
3	Went here once. Seemed okay, the prices were good and staff was friendly. Lots of clutter and things to look at. Watched part of Black Hawk Down on FX. The gentlemen who cut my hair was polite, old school and very laid back but kept asking where I get my haircut usually? I work up here but live down in chandler so just some barber or cost cutters usually, It was general chit chat but was insistent to find out. Like he was a hair detective or something. They did good work though and I enjoyed the very laid back atmosphere. These guys know what they are doing. & Do it well.I would recommend this shop, comfy waiting room, clean, professional group there. Just needs a bit of dusting and updating to really wow.
1	DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU BLACK (:), All you will find here is minorities being racist to minorities;  Nick refused to cut my hair.   I went here because by the recommendation of another posted review.   If you cannot cut a regular (guard 1 )fade on a black guy you should not be cutting hair.  End of story and shame on the owners for allowing this.In the alternative, I would recommend "Nappy by Nature" on Bethany Home Road or if you're at Baller status and you only want to make an appointment (because you like to jump right in the chair) I would go to "the Art of Shaving" at fashion square mall.  Barbers in both locations know how to cut all types of hair.
5	I'm   from Brooklyn New York.  Nick is by far the best barber I've been to in AZ. I only go to him. I've been going to this barbershop since 2006. No matter where I live in the valley, I will drive to this barbershop.  I've tried others but it just doesn't compare. I've let Nick cut my hair for so long that if I went to another barber, I don't know what to tell them to do. Nick remembers it for me. You should mos def check this place out. I walk into other places and ask if they know what a Ceaser is and they are like what. I walk out immediately.  I asked Camelback barbershop that and they knew. I felt right at home. When I went to visit NY, a barber told me "I see you got a NY haircut" I said "nope, my man in AZ did it."
5	This place rocks and is good for kids and adults alike. My husband has been coming her for a while and has always gotten a great cut. He has a longer hairstyle and a thick beard. So many other barbers are hit and miss with quality depending on who you get, but this place delivers every time. Since my husband has had such a great experience, when it was time for our son's first haircut we chose to come here. This place isn't necessarily geared toward kids, but the guy who cut my sons hair did a fabulous job. My 1.5 year old son wiggled around pretty much the entire cut, and the barber was super nice and understanding. I was impressed at how fast the barber cut my sons hair, which is also a big plus with a wiggly toddler. Thank you for making my son's first cut a positive experience, we will be back!
5	I've had my hair cut by two different people at the Camelback Barber Shop in the last couple of months, and they do not disappoint. I was in the chair within 5 minutes both times, and out the door in under a half hour. The price was quite reasonable; out the door, $20 including tip, and everyone in the shop was friendly and professional. The environment was also top notch, a bunch of magazines and such . . . This is a real man's barber shop, and as most of you know they are few and far between these days. Now the Important part: The haircut. I just had one of the cleanest hard part, zero guard fades I've ever had. I've been looking for a good spot to get cleaned up, and I've found it for sure.
5	I am very picky when it comes to who cuts my hair. So I read the reviews about this place on yelp. I decided to give it a try. Let me tell you I was very impressed. Nick did one awesome job on my hair and was very friendly. He squared the back and broke out the straight razor for my neck. All in all it was the best haircut I ever got. Go see the guys here they are awesome
4	Love these guys, they do a fast and professional job.  I like how a real barber will use the straight razor on the neck.  I also respect how they are observant of their religion and closed on Saturdays.  Sunday's at 930 are my usual weekend hair cut.  Also check out the shoe repair next door, cheap rescue for your nice shoes.
5	The best haircut I've had in years. Definitely not the 8 dollar revolving door. Worth every penny.
