1	Recently went to this haunted house and was truly disappointed. We bought our tickets at the door which were $30 each and paid $5 for parking. Once we got past security we went into the tent and saw the line which was 300+ people long. We waited in line for one and a half hours and only saw 3 characters. Once we past the first line we proceeded on to the second line which was to enter into the haunted house . Finally we get to go in (after another 30 min wait) and noticed that everyone was going in single file all together . We walked thru the houses in about 10 min and not once got frightened because everyone was walking in a single line and you knew what was coming next. Very poorly organized and not to mention they didn't have any fans so it was extremely hot. My advice would be to go to another haunted house save your money.A scary movie would be scarier than this haunted house.
1	I was very disappointed with this attraction. The amount of people they sent through in groups was way more then they should have sent through. The actors were really not that scary. I paid $53 to be in and once in line it was lie we were all the same. I paid for VIP 2 but felt like general admission. I shouldn't have had to wait as I paid for instant access. I would not recommend this to anyone unless there was a decent Groupon for the tickets. Nice try Rob, maybe next year!!
1	This haunted house was cheaply put together and just a knock off of Rob Zombies movies. Sadly there wasn't very much originality and the tickets were overpriced for what it was. It was maybe a step up from a kiddie carnival haunted house at best.  My friends and I were baffled that Rob zombie could put his name on this
1	First off I am a big fan of Rob Zombie and his movies but this was very disappointing.  I paid for the VIP tickets online and then found that we still had to pay for parking when we got there.  With the VIP tickets we skipped the initial line which was nice but in the first house (Lords of Salem) it was a long line of people walking through pitch black hallways and there was nobody in there to scare us.  The second house was visually much more entertaining but still just a line of people walking through this 3D house and not much to be scared of.  Again in the third we literally walked through in a line of people and didn't find much to scare us.  I expected so much more form an attraction with Rob Zombies name attached to it.  I think they need to take a step back and rethink how they send people through.  For the money I spent it definitely was not worth it.
5	Pros:Acting was awesome (most looked just like the characters in the film)We got VIP 1, you get faster access and a free shirt (no other haunts give you shirts)Scenery was amazingThe actors interact with youYou are not stuck in a huge continuing line while in the hauntfunny and scary at the same timeActors interact with you instead of just being pop out scaresnice vibe all togetherthey let you in your own group (we only had 2) Cons:Hard to find, we got lost three times trying to get there$5 parkingGreat experience all together, best haunt I have been too in a while. Definitely worth the VIP 1 . It wasn't too expensive either. Like i said, other haunts don't give you shirts with your ticket. I had a blast. I hope they come out again next year. Arrive when it opens to avoid getting in the continuing long line while in the haunt, if you end up in that....it is your own fault for going to late. working in a haunt for 8 years, when the middle mof the night is coming and the lines are insanely huge....you have to put more people in the groups because of the customers bitching about the wait time. it is the customers fault for the wait time, and if they are smashed into a huge group. it is out of the control of the haunt if everyone mashes together in the haunt. Blame the customers that walk like damn turtles. Anyway, Loved it and want to go back!
1	Ok so all this hype about this house was given to us in San Diego and me and my wife got all excited when we heard it was in Arizona this year. So we bought the VIP 2 to get in and avoid the lines like a normal haunted house does. But all they did was push up in front of the line take our wristbands and send us on our way. The first house was a major disappointment I had more fun scaring the teenage kids behind us than walking in the dark. The 2nd house was a visual entertainment but waiting 15 minutes to go into the third house was ridiculous. Why buy the VIP and wait. The third houses scariest part was the midget running through the the crowd screaming and scaring people. The effects were good and the actors did their best, but man the whole overall experience was pathetic. Like others I expected way more from rob zombie. We go to several haunted houses a year and this one was the worst, besides a t shirt but i could've ordered that from Amazon. Plus paying to park cmon advance notice would've been nice. The 13th floor and others are way more entertaining, heck even a wimpy church one would e better. My advice don't waste your money.
1	If I could give this zero stars I would I was completely disappointed it was not scary way overpriced will never do it again
5	This was my very first time going to a haunted house scariest night of my life the characters seemed so real. Glad I did it and I had my family with me because I wouldn't have made it without them.
2	Went here tonight... First time in years going to a haunted house that wasn't in an amusement park.  Must say that I get a lot  more scared from the cart riding haunted houses found in amusement parks.It just wasn't at all scary. I didn't even find a moment when I was scared or even caught off guard.  . & I did have an open mind and was pretty excited about it.Only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because they actually did a great job with their artistry.  It was more of an art/movie scene museum. A place where you can come and get an up close look at movie stages and the magnificent make-up. So save your money if you are looking to get scared. Come to this place if you want a look at movie make-up and technology.Oh and make sure you pay the extra 11 or so bucks for VIP 1 over general admission. It's well worth not waiting in an obnoxiously long G.A. line. NO ONE was in VIP 2, that's just a waste of money. I would've been REaLLY upset if I had waited in the G.A. Line only to be so disappointed by the weak haunted house.Bottom line - save ur $$$
1	Don't go,  between the cost of the tickets and paying for parking.   It's more like walking through a movie set.   Not scary at all.   Save your money!
1	This was the most disappointing haunted house I've ever been to.... The first house you just walk through the dark and was boring walking along feeling the walls to know which way to walk... The second house 3-D was awesome scenes but again no surprise or scare.... The third house had more potential for a scare... It was set up like a typical scare but the actors did not do a lot to scare.... The employees that cut the wrist band for the VIP 1 was rude and over all bossy and another employee that was telling you too get your glasses for the second house was just rude... There was no scare or thrill in the way they acted it just seemed like people on a power trip. I always try new haunted houses and this one was a major disappointment... We went with a group of 10 and at the very beginning they said we would have to spilt up into 2 smaller groups to get the full effect so we did but after the first 2 minutes of the first house we were running into other people so what was the point in splitting us up and messing up our night for nothing... And paying to park was ridiculous especially with no warning from the web site.... I enjoyed the fire hulla hoop show outside more than the whole tour.
5	This place is awesome !!! It's lengthy so you get your money's worth the actors are very much into their rollsScared me like a lil girl!
1	Awful.  Horrible haunted house experience.  Expensive.  The actors didn't even try.  There even was a guy in the middle of the dark tunnel telling you how to get out safely.  There wasn't even the classic scary ending with a guy and a chain saw chasing you.  It was completely underwhelming.
4	Goodness gracious. Put your big pants on. Parking costs $5. Er-ma-gawd. (Apparently that was an issue with other reviewers.) Carpool if it helps.Ready now?Prepared?I had the delight of giggling like a kid tonight. We came in a large group and I was up front for a section. (The people including spoilers in their reviews clearly dropped their ice cream.) While coming as a large group is fun, it's even better to be broken into smaller groups. This way the mystery of what is around a bend is... A mystery.I gotta tell you: There was screaming.Sure, everyone has their strengths. (Apparently I'm not afraid of the dark. Who knew?) Put me near someone in costume who looks like a doll? One that follows you like a shadow?I SCREAM.No shame there.(I swear she was eight.)I've never been a fan of scary movies. I cover my eyes the entire time. This was a different kind of fear. A mixture of the unknown, group dynamics, sound and beer. (They serve that outside!)Fantastic way to kick off Halloween!p.s. Photos are *not* allowed. (Outside by the bar and stage are ok.)
1	i love haunted houses, but this was a overall bust.  the lines were outrageous, the scares were minimal.  numerous times i found myself wishing in was over because it was simply boring.i will not go back
2	We had high hopes for this haunted attraction, but found out early on no real screams coming from inside, only a long line with little shock value.Great outdoor entertainment and rest room facilities which was a plus.Paying for parking and no real directions where to go once parked are negatives.Fast pass only good for entry at the start but not once inside you wait like everyone else. First haunted house basically darkness with no real special effects. The 3d clown house was worth it and well done. The shootout part was disappointing. Good last effect with different rooms you are sent into chosen by the ghoul- not everyone goes the same way.Probably would rate 4th on our list of haunted attractions this year.
