5	Dave came out to our house yesterday to tackle some pretty gross windows (and blinds and ceiling fans). On top of window washing, Dave also does blinds, ceiling fans, outdoor power washing, and light fixtures. While we weren't quite sure what to expect, we were blown away by how great our house looks after his work. They handled all those horrible jobs you always put off yourself and did them to perfection. I'm sitting next to my blinds now and and there is not one speck of dirt on them. Fact. They were also incredibly reasonable, pricing per blind or window washed or other service offered. It really helped us figure out what was most needed and what we wanted to spend our money on. On top of that, they were on time, worked quickly, and were extremely professional. I've already recommended their services to my mother-in-law, which you KNOW means I trust them to do great work. :D
5	I have a home with 23 large windows all with many individual panes. So they are a lot of work and at 2 stories as well. I have used two other window cleaners in the past and would give them each 3 stars. But Dave came for the first time today and cleaned the inside and outside remarkably. I mean it they have never been done this carefuly and completely. He comes well equipped and I would recommend him. I will also use him again in 6 months. Thanks Dave
5	I wish I could give Dave 10 stars. The man does a great job Every time. His prices are Great. He also does much more than clean the windows, he can tackle any handyman type job like bird proofing the roof.I am a big fan of amazing remarkable window washing.
5	Just had my windows done again just in time for summer. He quoted the price and arrived on time.  I just had the outside done this time and Dave did his regular perfect job and left my windows sparkling. I would still recommend him as the best window cleaner I have ever used.
5	I wish I could give Dave 10 stars. The man does a great job Every time. His prices are Great. He also does much more than clean the windows, he can tackle any handyman type job like bird proofing the roof.I am a big fan of amazing remarkable window washing.
