3	Greek mafiosos aside, I find King Gyros to be a good cheap lunch grub type of place.  It's a counter style lunch joint (wedged in the Mervyn's shopping center) with tacky Greek beach posters on the wall, classroom carpet, corian tables and cedar chairs. I come here quite often and usually order a chicken gyro plate with fries or the greek salad, and they're both tasty, cheap and does the job.  In particular I like the gyro sauce with its yogurt sauce, spices and fresh dill.  King Gyros is not exactly a standout type of place, but I find it to be a solid choice if you're in the area.It can get busy during the day, but last time I was here Nico and Demetri rolled up with their entourage in their club clothes and a pricey Mercedes at 2 PM.  Klassy!
5	Where to start???The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!!My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period.  Everything is good:GryosChicken PitaSouvlakiGreek Salads are probably one of the best salads that we have ever eatenFries are always freshZatsiki sauce is stellarThe atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere...  they come for great food at a great price.
5	Greatest gyros in town! Paul C. and myself tried one of the more expensive, fancier, Rep rated trend joints and there was no comparison. What they lack in atmosphere they make up for with delicious food and great service! One time I spilled tzaziki sauce on my shoe and nearly ate it without thinking...that's how good the stuff is. They would be the perfect sunday lunch place if only they were open on Sunday.
5	The first place I've ever tried Greek food was Pita Jungle and I've been hooked ever since. However I have found that the mom and pop places can be a hit or miss. King Gyro's is a HIT .  I have had their tabouli, hummus, dolmas, chicken gyro, and fajita pita and never once have I been dissappointed.  NATHAN S was not exaggerating about the tzaziki sauce I eat it with EVERYTHING!
4	I love this place . I can phone in an order for the other teachers and myself  at lunch  then  go pick up the order  to take back to work . I love the way the lady at the counter scolds me when I am late. I feel so cared for. I have eaten here many times but I only get togo and get the Gyro plate. I keep telling myself I will order something else but then I crave Gyro. The price is reasonable ,  easy to order and    it  taste great. It 's not the prettiest place but I swear the last time I was in there a table of Greek guys were seating, singing in what I assume is greek.  How much more authentic can you get?
5	Ok, this is a limited scope review based on the sirloin gyro and the friendly, family service alone, having no experience with the rest of the menu.  I see no need for there being any "rest of the menu".  Passed this place a dozen times over the past several years but wasn't hungry/wasn't meal time  or they were closed, but finally was passing by at mealtime, starving - and they were open.   I don't know how "authentic" a "sirloin gyro" is - I don't care - it is without a doubt the absolute best gyro I've ever had.  I've paid more for others in settings with more of that "sophisticated ambience" bidness, but this place has its own "family-run lunch counter" lack of pretentiousness, including the Greek travel posters that's an ambience in it's own worthy right.  But that joyous gyro - man, that thing is good! Stuffed full and absolutely overflowing with strips of incredibly tasty marinated beef - never had one quite like it.  Friendly folk behind the counter brought food to our table outside the front door - inquiring as to how good it was -with clearl pride in product.  Came w/fries which were fine - but that sirloin gyro - mmm - makes this little place worthy of being your destination rather than an afterthought when in the hood.
4	When it comes to Greek Food there is a hierarchy:- Authentic Greek food that is made in the Mediterranean and you immerse yourself in the culture by assisting in the slaughter of the lamb yourself.- Chicago style Greek food where your meal has been touched by every member of the Greek family that owns the restaurant.- King Gyros- Places that try to be King Gyros- You at home, throwing shit that could go into a gyro into a tortilla (because you think they are the same,) but oddly now it looks like a burrito... Reasons King Gyros gets 4 stars from me:+ It's close to my house and my job.+ For the quality and quantity of food you get the price is excellent.+ The service is fast and friendly.+ They have amazing dishes other that just gyros!-  The dolmades were not that hot... I have had fresh dolmades and also those from a can and these... I suspect were from a can. I can't confirm that, but I have a high suspicion...
5	Wow, so good Mom and I ate  take out twice this week for lunch !!!  The Gyros were done  very well, ready for pick up and the salads are tasty. Their bread is great  even eaten alone .
2	I fully agree with Amanda B. on this one. Overall, mediocre at best. Hopefully you have one of their little coupons too, because they are a little overpriced. JT Gyros has this place beat by a mile.
4	I like this laid back gyro place! I ordered the gyro combo, it came with a gyro sandwhich, fries and a soda. It was reasonably priced at $6.75. My boyfriend ordered the gyro plate. It came with a huge salad and it was $8.60 which did not include a soda. I enjoyed this gyro restaurant and will visit again! :)
4	Excellent GyroExcellent SauceExcellent ServiceIf you like gyros, you will love King's.
4	This place is great! Its a bit small and does get crowded at certain times, but the service is very good and the food comes out quickly. speaking of the food, its great! and is reasonably priced. I love to get the gyro platter here, its so good! and very filling! So if your hungry for gyros definitely check it out!
1	I have a review on this place already but feel I need to update it. I was planing on having a splurge from my diet on Christmas eve and thought King gyro would be perfect. I told my mother I would bring her one for lunch and we would make a day of it. I called at around noon and asked when they closed it being Christmas eve and all and was told 4pm so I planned accordingly.   I drove into the parking lot at 3:35 and parked. When I started to get out of my car the owner came out the door of the shop and said they were closed. I told him he said 4pm on the phone and he just mumbled something and walked back inside. This to me is just rude and completely unprofessional. He didnt even offer an apology, he just turned around and walked away. I think thats about it for me and King Gyro. I dont think you should treat your customers that way. Makes me wander if the lost business and the bad review was worth the extra 20 minutes for him. Stay away, theres many more places that appreciate there customers.
1	I just put a review in here for this place and now I need to add an update. Do not go here, they are unprofessional and rude. I called them today around noon to find out when they close being Christmas eve. I was told 4pm so I planned to be there around 3:30 to pick up some gyro sandwiches for myself and my mother. I arrived at 20 minutes till and parked in front. When I stepped out of the car the owner stepped out and said they were closed. This to me is not the way to run a business. I said it was not 4pm yet and he didn't say much then just walked back in the store. Damn rude if you ask me. Puts me off from going back tothis place and I will not recommend it to anyone. Makes me wonder if the lost business was worth going home 20 minutes early."Update" I went in to King Gyros a few days ago mostly because my mother loves the meat here. Right when I walked in The owner in the back started yelling at the women behind the counter. I was thinking he must read yelp and realized I was the one who gave him a bad review. Turns out he was telling the woman to give me a free gyro because they were closed when I arrived on Christmas eve. He told me he remembered me and apologized for being closed. I would say they redeemed themselves in spades. I now will recommend them and go back.
5	My most favorite pasta next to my grandma's. My husband loves the suvlaki plate. My 5 year old will eat everything off both our plates! Go! Go! Go!
1	This place has the worst greek food I've ever tasted. The meat was nasty and tasted like spam, the rice tasted like rice-a-roni, and the sauce was just gross. On the positive side, the lettuce was green and was as expected. Seriously, the only thing they got right was the lettuce.Do yourself a favor and try another place for greek food.
4	While waiting to get a tattoo at Lucky Draw, the boys in the shop said they were ordering from here and asked if I wanted to go in on it. Sure, I said, not expecting anything spectacular but needing sustenance for the 3+ hour tattoo I was about to get. What a surprise! I'm judging on the one meal that I had but Holy Sheep the Veggie Pita is to die for, Veg lovers!The veggies tasted fresh and yummy and not all mushy. The red sauce, I'm not sure what it is but will have to find out, was so dang flavorable. The flavor? Amazing. My taste buds were ecstatic.If they can make a near-vegetarian girl happy and they're not even a vegetarian restaurant, I imagine the omnivores will make out like bandits here as well. New fan for life and very glad there is actually another decent veg-friendly restaurant on the West Siiii----eed!!!UPDATE: The next time I went, it was just like a curry sauce, no red sauce. Huh? Not as tasty
3	King Gyros was decent, though everything seemed a bit on the oily side.  Had a gyro with good tzatziki, hummus which was okay, and onion rings :)I suppose it's all about expectations, being a Chicago gal I will fully admit a high standard when it comes to gyros.  Since there are better gyro places within a short drive of here I likely won't return to King-Chicago Gyros is still my fave with JT's a close second.
5	This place has answered my prayers.  Just when I thought I couldn't find a really good, inexpensive middle eastern place, my friend brought me here.1.  Really good, really fresh pita bread2.  Awesome salad, very fresh and tasty.3.  Great tzatziki, and I'm very picky4.  Loved the gyros and chicken equallyPlus the people working there are super nice and friendly!I will be back often!
4	After eating several other gyro place Kings still has the best sauce.
4	I love this place-probably the best Greek food in town and its evidenced by how busy it always is.  The family knows their customers, they have my favorite items memorized and if I get an order to go for lunch at work, they are fast and very friendly.  Very very tasty, and even better that its not a commericialized place, their advertising is stricly word of mouth.  This is a small business restaurant run very well.
5	My husband and I love this place. The chicken pitas are our favorites. The house made gyro/tzatziki sauce is the best I've ever had. Prices are very reasonable and everyone is very friendly. This place is definitly worth the trip if you're looking for a laid back atmosphere and tasty food!
5	I have always been surprised/dismayed as to how difficult it is to find good greek food in Phoenix. Well, here you go. I will admit that I am a bit of a Gyro junkie and have not tried anything else on the menu, but this is my go-to place for greek food. I have been known to drive 20 minutes out of my way just to pick up a gyro from this place.Great Food - Friendly Staff - Clean = What more can you ask for?
5	I have to agree w/ Becky S and Adam K....REALLY Good Middle Eastern food, good prices- nice staff! All-around winner!! best deal- 6.99 Gyro plate; giant gyro, fries and a drink!!! ..What more can you ask for.. (maybe a bigger sitting area!!)
5	This is the spot to get Gyros when I'm in AZ (will be back there in a few days).  I've been going here every time I visit for the last few years and it's been very consistent.  The same owners, same great food and service.  I've tried almost everything and the only complaint (if you can call it that) was when I got the Gyros salad, there was TOO MUCH meat on it.Definitely a place I can trust when taking a friend to get some gyros for the first time..
5	I found this place by accident while I was visiting Starbucks and I am so happy that I did! I went in for the first time last week and was back this week. I only tried their hummus with extra pita and tomatoes! Yum! Their pita bread alone is so delicious and of course the hummus too! I cannot wait to take my boyfriend here because I know he will love it as well! I just keep thinking about the hummus and pita! OMG! Soooo tasty! *MOUTH DROOLS* The lady up front is very nice too and I liked that they had tables outside! I cannot wait to go back!!
5	Great food, friendly family run business.Benny makes the best tzatziki sauce in town.I always get the souvlaki plate with their delicious rice and his wife remembers extra pita, extra sauce. My wife loves their gyros. Their chicken pita is great too. Everything is great.Go there now.
5	I dropped by King Gyros after reading the raving reviews about this place. Now I know why! Their gyros are delicious and super cheap. It's kind of a hole in the wall place, but that made me even more fond of it. The staff was very friendly. I wish I lived closer to this place - it would definitely become one of my regular joints!
5	I ate here three times in a week...That's how much I love this place.  I get the regular gyro, and I cant tell you enough how delicious the food is here. It's a small little shop across the parking lot from Pure Fitness.  If you dont look for it, you can miss it.  I havent tried other foods, but what i have eaten, has been amazing.  Im sure I will go here again this week and look forward to maybe something new.
4	I love this place enough to spend 75% of my lunchtime driving to get to it on occasion. Everything I have tried is absolutely delicious! I've had the gyro salad, and the grilled chicken salad.  Mmm mmm good! The sauce they use is very flavorful, and the pita bread is great.
5	My boyfriend frequents here so much the server knows his favorite order by heart (although he likes everything). He swears it is just as good as Greece and I think it is just as good as Chicago's greek town. All the orders come with fries (not stated on menu)  which are mediocre. The sauce is delicious and you can acquire hot sauce by request.  The pita is so big and filled with delicious meat I thought I was going to have leftovers but it was too delicious and I ate it all.  Best in Phoenix.Got the fries today, so much better! Hot, crispy, delicous. I need to find more places like this...
5	Really Really Good!!!! I got a chicken pita, it was so good, I would almost complain over stuffed, but how could I do that... I also got some hummus, oohhh goodness it was up there with some of the best I have ever had, almost maybe takes the place of my fav (shish kabob house).  I will be going back many times from now on, I can't wait to try the souvlaki.
2	I ate the "Value Gyros Meal" which consisted of a Gyros, fries and a fountain drink.. The fries were fresh and well done with no greasy taste.. the fountain drink was fine... but I came for the Gyros and what can I say.. the portion was ample but the meat was lacking in taste and a good gyro's got taste.. and as they say.."the Chef is in the sauce" and honestly the yogurt and cucumbers were barely discernible on the gyro.. Having lived in the area of Tarpon Springs, Florida for 25 years I ate a lot of good gyros and this was not one.. There are better ones in the Valley..
5	I have to say good greek food is hard to find their souvlaki and their gyro platters are the way to go!  The lady who runs the shop is super nice and she says they are a chicago style greek place.  I have not had greek food in Chi-town but having worked in greek diners, bakeries etc. They hold it down over here.  I usually order to go but they have a small seating area go enjoy this diamond in the rough.
5	Everything on the menu rocks.Chicken kabob plate = amazing! The food here is fantastic. Mom and pop place. The wife is ringing up orders while the husband is kicking out dishes on the fly. Been coming here for years, never a dull meal.
5	Honestly this is one of the best Gyro's I have ever had. I get the Gyro platter which provides you with a lot of meat. I have not had a bad experience here yet. My wife even likes their cheese burgers.
5	This place is great.  Expect a bit of a wait during lunch time because it will be busy.  There's only a few tables inside this small restaurant so I recommend take out if you can.  One of the best gyros I've had and definitely the best on the west side.  Their prices are reasonable.  Two huge gyros, both with fries, and one fountain drink ends up being about $13.  The rest of the menu looks really good, but the gyro is so good I can't get myself to order anything other than that.
5	Best Greek food ever!  The owners are cool, too...The sauces are awesome.  Quality is top notch.  This is a 5 star spot!
5	Just came from this mom and pop restaurant. Unbelievable! We've tried several highly rated Mediterranean restaurants throughout the valley and this has surpassed them by far. The woman who owned it was so sweet, a Grecian grandma who cared about us. The gyro platter was sooooo addictive. The meat was juicy, tender, and seasoned perfectly and the tzasiki was amazing- complemented the meat beautifully. The pitas were warm and fresh- best I've had. The hummus was oh so garlicky. Smooth and perfectly made. Kids had some yummy hot dogs with fries made fresh. Go here- you will not regret it. We can't wait to try the rest of their extensive menu!
5	I have tried this place a few times now. The first time I went, the lady behind the counter talked to us and told us about the different dishes. She offered a generous sample of the gyro meat with the tzatki (sp) sauce. I never liked lamb, but this was very tasty! My family has ordered assorted dishes, of the assorted meat plate with rice and veggies, soulvaki, pork pita, steak sandwhich/pita,and I had the chicken pita and the chicken salad. The food here is fresh and home made. I love the sauce and always end up getting extra. The bread is wonderful and I would order a second pita for an extra .70 cents! All the meat was perfectly seasoned, juicy and delicious. The vegetables were fresh and no sign of browing. The place is a casual atmosphere and clean. I learned the lady's name is Oiudad and although she seems stern, she is very nice, the more she gets to know you she warms up. By the end of our last visit, my 26 yr old stepson gave her a big hug.We tried the home made baklava and it is out of this world delicious! This will be a spot we will return to over and over. They even have chicken nuggets, pasta, and hamburgers for the not so adventurous or kidlets to please everyone. I do wish they would get some brewed iced tea to add on the drink menu. That would be the only thing I would change.  But I can overlook that for this gem!
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, & for this first visit I ordered the standard, a Gyro & fries (well done).  This is a cafe with small tables only, no booths, & a bit noisy inside.  This was a Kronos Gyro with plenty of meat, & the fries side was smallish but good.  I would have liked more Tzatziti Sauce for the Gyro, but it would have been a new order, at 40 cents, & if you add the side salad they offer for $1.50 they take away the fries!  With that said, the food was good, served hot, & it was a good value at $5.72 plus tax.     :-)
5	I love gyros and this is my favorite place to get them. I have yet to find anyplace that even comes close when it comes to quality and quantity, especially for the price. The people who work there are very friendly and chat me up like they recognize me regardless of whether or not they really do. They always get my order right and they have me in and out very quickly. I go here every chance I get, even if it means travelling across town since I live on the extreme west side.
5	This is definitely my favorite place to come for a gyro. The owner is a total sweetheart and already knows my order when I come in. Delicious!
5	Can't say enough good things about this place. 100% the best there is when it comes to gyros. Fast service and very fresh. Had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce...very good. If you want authentic greek food, you will get the best here.
5	I've tried them all and this is the best Gyro in all of Phoenix.  Big, meaty portions, Tzatziki Sauce made w/ Greek yogurt-not sour cream.  This is a family-owned restaurant.  My wife and I have been coming here for years.
5	This has been my favorite Greek place to eat for almost, wow, 12 years now. I first have to start with the great customer service I get every time I go there. I have brought friends and family here because of it (plus the food of course), and I get asked every time I go about how they are doing or about how my life is going. She remembers great details about her customers, and now-a-days that's a rare find. She knows exactly what I am going to order (Yes, I'm predictable) and has it already written on a ticket before I'm at the counter. Just amazing personable service. Now to the food, which is just as amazing. If you enjoy a classic gyro, that's what got me hooked in the first place. The Tzatziki Sauce is flavorful, and sauce like, not thick, and has been the best I have tasted. I love getting an extra side and dipping my fries in it or pouring it on my rice. If you want to try something a little different get my favorite which is the steak pita. The steak is marinated in some delicious concoction,  and its won me for good. They have plenty of other options for people who aren't adventurous in the food category, like hamburgers and what-not, but I haven't had them. I would only imagine they are tastey if that's what you are going for ;)
5	As the number of check-ins I have shows, i eat here a lot. And I never get bored of it! The owners are super friendly, and they are always genuinely glad to see you when you walk in. The Gyros are probably 2nd in the valley only to Haji-Baba in my opinion, but they are far from the best trick up the sleeve here!Try the shish-kabob. Trust me, you won't regret it! Also, the souvlaki is amazing, and the dolmas are delicious!Personally I get a gyro salad to go on my way home from the gym 9/10 times I come, but i also try to change it up and I've yet to come across something on their menu that wasn't delicious!
4	I'm not a huge Greek fan, probably because I don't like lamb gyros or pitas or whatever they want to call it. But today I went in just get a chicken pita. I thought it would be like any other chicken pita but i was wrong. The chicken was very moist and the flavor was damn good. There sauce actually had good flavor to it since other places I've had we're very bland. My friend got the chicken kabob plate, which for 8.99 was HUGE. He got a salad then a huge thing of rice, huge chunks of chicken and some toasted pita bread. Well worth it, this thing could probably feed 2 people. The rice they have is great and the pitas were not over cooked/toasted. The only draw back is during lunch it can get cramped in there and the Pepsi seemed alittle sweeter than it should be. But those are very small problems. I would come back again when I'm in the area.
5	Family and I cannot get enough of this place, we all love the gyros.  Owner is super friendly and if she recommends something try it you will not be disappointed; unless your just plain picky.
5	Best gyros in town, really!  I have been eating here for years.  We have tried many other gyro places, nothing is as good or a better value for the money!  The owners are great...they remember you and treat you like family if you go enough.  I love "mom and pop" eateries and this is one of the valleys best!Prices are great, food is authentic greek!   The hummus is the best I have had... Small place with 10 small tables in a strip mall location.  Go off lunch hours or expect to wait in line.  Early dinner we never wait!
5	great food and service. gyro meat as good as it gets!!funny thing too; their spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic!!! would be $20 or more in snotsdale. good stuff!!
5	After seeing all the positive reviews it was time to make a trip from Surprise, and WOW WHAT AN EPICUREAN DELIGHT! The owners made you feel so glad to see you and the food is authentic and very tasty. Had the Gyro "yeero" and it was stuffed with meat and not a lot of fillers. Plenty of meaty fries and a soda for only $6.99! I loved this place so much I brought my wife back 2 days later. We went with 2 different platters, one Chicken (oh so good) and Beef that had a huge portion served with a great flavored rice and veggies. The Hummus the owner said he makes fresh and daily. All the food tasted like it was prepared fresh. If you like or love Greek food you are missing the real deal if you don't visit this high quality low cost restaurant. KING GYROS IS THE BEST HANDS DOWN!
4	I have only the regular gyro but it was really good and a really good price for a quick lunch break from the office.
5	Decided to try this out after reading about it on Yelp!  Why we haven't been here sooner is beyond me - we live less than a mile from it!!!My husband and myself had the gyro platter - very good and the place was hopping - not sure if it was because it was a Friday or as we have now learned it's that good.  And there are truly Greek people working there - now that is authentic!  Nothing fancy - you're eating on paper plates with plastic ware - easy clean up!Definitely going back and trying something different....
5	I don't know what else to say about this place that hasn't already been said... but it is honestly the BEST Mediterranean spot in the valley. Gyros, shawarma, hummus, french fries, kabob... and get this: they also make homemade pasta! Absolutely delicious. It's a family owned restaurant and I had such a nice conversation with the owner; she's a sweetheart and is hands on with everything about the business. ALWAYS order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get!
4	I had a very good chicken salad from there today, I smothered the chicken in their AMAZING hummus, and dipped the veggies in the dill dressing and it hit the spot for lunch! The pitas as very good too. The salad coulda used a little more olives and feta...
4	This is one review I feel horrid writing anything negative since the lady owner was so accomodating to us (and actually cared if we liked the food), however, I eat an awful lot of my favorite ethnic food and feel pretty qualified to write on it.  OK, the hummus was really fresh which was a plus but, for me, a tad too much garlic  altho my table companions liked it (so I'll shut up).  Good pita served with it that was toasted just right, tho.The gyros itself and the pita were A+, the tzatziki had a little too much dill in it, and where was the diced cucumber I am so acclimated to in it?  But the tzatzkiki consistency was thickish which is right, because sometimes stores make it way too thin and runny.But the gyro was muy good.  Why do other gyros joints don't have fresh cooked meat like this and their gyros are always so overcooked and burnt?  Not at King Gyros.  Very fresh cooked meat = wonderful and juicy like it's supposed to be.The baklava was good, too, but no nuts made it go somewhat downhill.  I miss the nuts..sorry.  I'd pay for the nuts to be put in it myself.But the gyro meat--and the nice, fresh pita bread--tops!!!  Some of the best cooked gyro meat I've ever had...and they don't skimp on the servings either since you get a really fat portion of meat with none of this fake-you-out-by-using-fillers-like-lots-of-lettuce-on-top stuff.  Worth the trip just to get the gyro, frankly...it's superb!!!!  The BEST I've had here so far!Definitely trying this place again.  I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars, so--in the name of strictly testing (yeah, sure)--I have to come back and re-test all.  See?  Anything for fairness...gawd, but I love that excuse to eat great food....Prices are very reasonable, by the way.
2	Really they want to charge a $1.50 more to Substitute French Frys for a salad REALLY! It costs them more for Frys  then it does for lettuce and Tomato.Every other Gyros place I've been to will substitute. NO LIE!  Good : they give a lot if gyros meat on gyros.Bad: it lacks tzatziki sauce and it's very oilyNot impressed.
5	I went on a vacation to Arizona from Chicago and was told king gyros had great food. The food wasn't great it was beyond fantastic i don't know where to start. I kept on ordering out when I was there for 2 weeks and this is the only restaurant I would ever fly out for it I became a millionaire. Great family owned business and fantastic food.
5	I've been come to King Gyros for years.  It's family owned and the lady who works the counter is always super nice.  The food is excellent.  The sauce for the gyros is amazing and goes great on everything.  It's a type of tzatziki sauce, but it tastes different.  I know they add dill to it, but it's the best tzatziki sauce I've ever tried.
2	My hubby and I decided to check this place out, since we were on this side of town and really wanted some gyros.  It came suggested to us by a co-worker of his, so we figured it would be delicious!  It wasn't...It's a small place with about 8-9 tables, which I don't have any problem with.  If it's good, it shouldn't matter how big or small a place is.  We ordered our food and sat down.  The woman at the counter was quite nice and seemed very helpful.We started with the hummus, which was wonderful.  That's the main reason I didn't give them 1 star.  The pita served with it was warm and soft.  We were really looking forward to our gyro combo meals, hoping this was a precursor to the rest of the meal.Well, here I go...the gyros were hot and really full of meat.  My mouth was watering at the thought of biting into it.  Then, I did.  The tzatziki sauce didn't taste right.  It was all dill, and had no hint of a cucumber flavor, which I normally find so refreshing in a gyro.  Not only that, but it was so oily, it kept separating at the bottom of the pita.  Then, there's the meat.  I found it greasy and bland.  I like juicy gyro meat, but I also like when you get a bit of the crust from the outside.  I went to taste a bit of the crust, and it dripped grease on my finger and felt spongy.  It seemed very unappetizing.  I'm a meat-eater, and would usually have eaten every last bit of it, but I ended up pulling most of it out of the pita (which was the best part of it) and dipping it into the rest of our hummus.  And, finally, the fries on the side.  They were soggy, so I didn't eat any of them.I've read over the other reviews, and I guess gyros really are a matter of taste.  We won't be returning here, and will keep going to our main gyro restaurant.  But, we also won't stop looking for other really good gyros around town.
2	Was a great place to eat, now food is greasy, and it doesn't taste like it used to. Used to have a more of a homemade taste, now tastes like Costco business center. Sad. I loved going here.
5	Best Greek food in Glendale! I came here as a first timer and couldn't be more satisfied! The lady at the counter who owns the place with her husband was so friendly and talked to me the whole time I was waiting for my food. We were discussing the difference between their mom and pop shop compared to other Greek restaraunts. She explained to me that they make all their food themselves, nothing frozen or processed. She gave me a whole container of their hummus for free just to show me how much better it was than other places. They make it fresh every 2 hours or so and it is soooo yummy! Their Chicken Gyro Salad is to DIE FOR!!!!! Definitely my new place for Gyros!
4	Alright. So I realize this is a gyro business, and yes they are reaaaaaally delicious....however I have to give most of the credit to their burgers. Burgers? At a gyro place? YES! And let me tell you, they have the best burgers anywhere. Homemade meat they grind in house and the flavor...o.m.g. So good. The meal will run you about 9 bucks, but lets be honest... I will pay anything for a good burger. Do it..get one and tell me how amazing it is. I dare you!
4	Looking for great gyros in a family run joint.  You found it.Great Gyros, nice fresh warm pita, a more dilly taziki (sp?) sause.I had the Gyros platter, that included a greek salad.  it was wonderful  Fries are nothing to write home about.Baklava was ok.I am a fan and I will be back.
5	This family-owned restaurant is so awesome. The service is very personal, and the food makes me crave and come back for more! I almost always get the Gyro salad. It's FABULOUS! They never get my order wrong and they even memorize it. They are on point. King Gyros is just, perfect.
5	I have been coming here for years and it has always been and always will be the best Gyros you will ever find. I've tried other place's gyros and nothing will ever beat the King Gyros.I love the atmosphere in this,while small, very charming place. I usually get my food to go but I wouldn't mind hanging out at King Gyros while I enjoy the masterfully crafted Gyros.
4	If you like your gyros full of meat and not lost under a salad, then this place is for you!This is the real deal, the gyro meat is tender and full of spices, and cut fresh from the spit to order.  Not the reheated or grilled meatloaf some places try to pass off as gyro meat.  The pitas are warm and are more than able to keep the abundance of ingredients in check.  The tzatziki sauce is a bit runny but with lots of dill...Restaurant is always clean and staff is friendly.I have been coming here for years, and will continue to do so.
5	Tried for the first time. Had the gyro and souvlaki and both were fantastic. Great prices and family run...will definitely come back.
5	This restaurant is awesome, I'm so glad I have discovered Yelp so I can brag a bit about it for all they do. All of the food is great and made fresh, pita bread is nice and warm and the chicken salad is amazing! It's all family owned and operated and has been that way since forever, my aunt first found the place before our whole family started coming here and the lady to this day asks me how everyone is doing every time me and my wife walk in. Trust me this place is so good that it's what I brought my wife home for Valentine's day this year and she was happy I did. Always hits the spot and is way better for you then any fast good restaurant, now I need to check out the Desert Swirl in the same parking lot, I'll make sure to let everyone know my thoughts!
4	If you follow any of my reviews you will see I am attempting to try every Gyro place I pass by.  I have easily eaten at 30-40 unique shops and each has their ups and downs but few have the complete package for me. Kings is no exception.  I would say they have the best Tzatziki of any place I've eaten at locally.  They use the same Pitas as most good places do.  Yet they lost me with the generic borderline grocery store frozen fries.  The establishment is nice, they people are nice.  I would have dropped a fifth star if the fries had not bored me.
5	This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Phoenix. Growing up in Chicago, it was hard for me to find a Greek spot that I really enjoyed, but have found exactly what I was looking for at King Gyros. The owners are always so kind, and welcoming, and there is always just a great atmosphere every time I stop by. Most people can not taste the difference with Gyros, but I have to say they have the best Gyro meat. Their tzatziki sauce is probably one of my favorite things about the place. It just makes everything better! Their Chicken Pita sandwich is also always amazing. Their spices and ingredients are what makes their restaurant stand out. I will continue to come to king gyros while I live in Phoenix at least once a week. Go and try it out for yourselves, I promise you will not be disappointed!
5	This is hands down the best place for gyros in town. We travel thirty minutes for lunch just to eat here. Try the number 8 gyro plate with fries.
5	Small place & I'm so glad I found it!I have stopped in twice for lunch & both times had the Greek Chicken salad. It's a big salad & so full of flavor. Best Greek Chicken salad I've had. Partially because they gave me extra feta ;)
5	One of the better assembled greek Chicken Pita's I have had in awhile. All the usual suspects were involved, but the chicken was spiced and sliced perfectly and tucked into a pita wrap with good dill sauce, lettuce and other veggies. The pita came with hot fries and was served by the nice female owner of the place. This was a random stop while working one day in the area. This is the only time I feel bad a restaurant is not a chain because it is far from East valley. It only costs seven bucks too and most patrons were talking greek, so you knew you were eating in the right place.
1	The single star is not for the food but the fact that they increased the price for the food. I remember that when I started going there, the meal I always got was a dollar less. Overnight I see that the price has gone up a dollar. I hate sneaky practices where they make small price changes to make a little extra dollar. As far as the food goes, I think the gyros are pretty decent. As far as the Pita's go, I do not think they are handmade so it tastes like anywhere else.  The people are very friendly and welcoming.
5	My all time favorite greek place! My wife brought me here 6 yrs ago and ever since then I come back every time I'm in Phoenix. The owner Benny and his wife are like family. They always greet us with hugs and kisses, happy to have a place where all I have to say is I want the "usual" and she knows it means the beef kabob plate which btw is amazing.  The gyros are the best I've  ever had. Love this place! Highly recommend this awesome joint!
5	The owners are like my second set of parents. They care about my family and always hope for our well being. Their food is amazing and you can tell they put their love into their cooking. It always tastes amazing. The gyro(euro) and chicken pita are godly. The dill sauce is also amazing. The only downside is I eat there so often I have to give my taste buds a break lol. Can only handle so much nostalgia and flavor as I've been here since we moved from Ohio 14 years ago. Go there, relax and eat.
5	My all time favorite greek place! My wife brought me here 6 yrs ago and ever since then I come back every time I'm in Phoenix. The owner Benny and his wife are like family. They always greet us with hugs and kisses, happy to have a place where all I have to say is I want the "usual" and she knows it means the beef kabob plate which btw is amazing.  The gyros are the best I've  ever had. Love this place! Highly recommend this awesome joint!
1	I would never go here because the customer service is awful there is absolutely no appreciation for the customers I ordered myself a gyro and went on with it when I got home realize there was nothing on except meat.I contacted the place a lady on the phone said please stop by I will give you a new one when I get there after work she gave me a hard time in front of other customers and proceeded to say in the past 16 years that she's been there she's never made an error what huge mistake this isn't the first time they messed up order not recommend i.the lady behind the counter person that said she didn't care if she lost my business..the best place to go check out its 35th Ave and Greenway behind the Popeyes Chicken
5	By far the best Gyro place in town. Great customer service, and most of all, the food is amazing. Their tztaki sauce is unbeatable, and I would definitely recommend the Chicken Pita for anyone who goes. Easy 5/5, recommended to all family and friends.
5	Best food and BEST service. The owner is very friendly and you feel like you have known here for years. LOVE LOVE the food too!!
5	Favorite Greek ever! Been going here for years because I can't stop the cravings for this place. Chicken kabob plate with pita and the Greek salad is perfect. The sauce too...
5	Have been here twice so far and both times, food and service were excellent. Chicken pita sandwich (comes with fries) and the gyros plate (comes with salad, bread, and fries) are amazing. Their plates are very, very filling so you'll have enough to take to go if you'd like. Small and quaint place with a friendly atmosphere. Would definitely recommend!
5	Best Gyro place hands down! The gyro meat is perfect. And you get a lot. All veggies are fresh too. The prices are very fair. I usually go with my brother for lunch and we always order the gyro salad. Well the owner lady now remembers us and just asks "the usual?", we laugh and say "yes please". Also don't forget to wave at the guys in the kitchen. They seem always in a great mood! Always smiling, or maybe they just think I'm cute? lol. Either way you can't go wrong with King Gyro, great food and great people!
5	Happened upon this place by accident.  It's tucked away in a strip mall and is hard to see from the road. But OMG this place has great food.  I was happy right away when I walked in to see how clean this place is.  The people were friendly and helpful.  I ordered the Chicken Fajita (Middle Eastern Style) and have never tasted anything so good.  I got mine without the Pita but my husband got his with and loved it.  Ive been there three times now even though we live and work on the other side of town.  Will go back again as a special treat.  Seems like there a quite of few regulars there and it's like a neighborhood meeting spot.  Loved it!  Highly recommend :)
5	Next to my dentist and always wanted to check it out.   Glad I did.  Great food and people.   I had the chicken pita and a salad.  Outstanding !!!!! I need to got to the dentist more often....
5	Large portions. Great flavors. Smells nice. Always busy & great customer service. Always come back when I'm in the area. Best place for chicken Greek salad!
5	I love this place!!! The best chicken Greek salad ever!! I would definitely recommend this place to a friend... Come here for lunch when we have training!! They always give us extra feta, they are always nice and friendly and always busy but fast service!!
4	I had some time to kill so I decided to stop by this joint for lunch. Not a bad decision! their Falafel pita was delicious. I felt like a dine-in order would deserve better than a styrofoam plate and they certainly skimped on the fries on this occasion but the falafel was well cooked and the sandwich had a lot of fresh/pickled veggies included. The tzatziki sauce was delicious but kinda ran down the sandwich making the first bites dry and the latter ones a bit runny but overall I would recommend this place and I'm definitely gonna try it out again in the future.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants. The owner is extremely attentive, nice, and knowledgeable. Their chicken kabobs are delicious and so are their gyros. The restaurant is a little small but cozy and they take really good care of you. I would highly recommend this place!
5	Great food. I'm from Boston and this place stacks up with Gyros from the north. Nice people, the place is clean, and open kitchen.
4	Owner was very cheery and helpful with the menu! The store is pretty small but has a warm feeling to it. Frys were ok .. But the gyro was really good! FRESH pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor. I will def be back to try the kabobs and baklava.
5	I've been to Greek restaurants all over the world and nothing compares to their tzatziki sauce. Authentic Greek food run by a Greek family in a small and unassuming location.
4	I loved this place! I got the Mediterranean salad with chicke, a pita bread , Tziziki sauce came with it.  It was wonderful.  The owner was so friendly, she knew it was my first visit and made sure I was happy with every thing.  The chicken was perfect, tender and juicy.  If i'm ever in the area again, I'll definitely stop by.
