5	This is the best taxi service in the area. The cars are clean and the drivers are professional. Best of all, they take credit cards. Tip: If you need a ride from the airport, call as soon as you land. They usually need to come from downtown -- about ten minutes.
5	These guys picked up my daughter at her dorm and delivered her to the airport.  Her flight time changed last minute and no complaints from them on that either...they rearranged the time last minute.  Super nice, on time, safe.  Price seemed Okay, but we haven't used another cab in Champaign.  Don't think I would anyway.....they seemed very reliable and professional so it's worth it.
5	Came right on time to my apartment for a 6AM flight at Willard.
5	Writing this review only a few minutes after I was dropped off. I called the night before and asked for a taxi to pick me up @ 5:30 in the morning. Lo and behold, I walk out @ 5:30am and the taxi is there waiting for me. While I was charged $8 for a ride that was less than a mile, I feel that it was worth it for the service and trust. The can was clean and very nice. Would use this service again.
5	Making appointment was easy and was confirmed promptly.  Came on time to take me to a hospital appointment.  Pleasant and courteous.  Wished me well on my appointment.  Clean and comfortable car.  Needed return earlier than anticipated and he came immediately.  I recommend this service without reservation to anyone needing taxi service.  So nice in these times to find a taxi service that is reliable, clean, and courteous.  Worth every penny for the peace of mind.
5	By far the best taxi service in Champaign. Friendly, punctual driver who didn't charge extra for all the additional stops we made! Definitely a refreshing change from the rude, hate-their-life taxi drivers in Chicago and New York. Would definitely recommend this service!
5	It's perfect. Driver is the person who picks up the phone and he will arrive couple minutes earlier. You don't have to worry about any delay problems. The price is also reasonable. You can call them anytime and he will send you a confirmation text. that's sweet.
5	I called for a pick up at 8pm the night before and he had me text him the pickup address and drop off location and then texted to confirm he'd be there by 6am the next day. He arrived at 5:57 and called me to let me know he was out front waiting.The car was EXTREMELY clean and he was very friendly and personable. Reasonably priced as well. I appreciated him being very on time and getting me promptly to work. I will definitely use his services again. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome guy. Quick pickup, cheap delivery. Used him to and from the bar. If I ever end up in this town again I'll give him another call.  Tip him well.
5	This guy is really great! Arrive on time, clean cars and reasonable price. We lost luggage and spent some more time in airport, he waited us with patient and helped us a lot.
5	Malik, BCL's owner, just did me a huge favor. Earlier today, I was planning to take the Peroria Charter to O'Hare. Unfortunately, I forgot my passport at home and missed the bus. Malik picked me up immediately, caught up to the bus an hour later. That's not all! He turned on his blinkers to get them to stop on the side of the interstate, and he got them to seat me on the bus. I was stuck. He could have taken me all the way to O'Hare and collected a huge fare from me. Instead, he went out of his way to save me a ton of money. Malik, you are a hero, and the best driver I have ever met!
1	Driver did not show up. Had to call him myself to ask if he was coming. The other driver he sent was over 20 minutes late.
5	I was briefly in town, on business.Excellent, courteous service.  I called the night before to book, for a ride from the Illini Union Hotel to CMI Airport, based on the recommendations seen on yelp.  Because of the location I was calling from I had trouble hearing the person scheduling with me.  He called me back to make sure we had scheduled correctly, then confirmed by text.  When the driver came to pick me up he was actually early!  My driver was friendly, shared details about the area on the way to the airport.  He is saved in my phonebook for the next trip.
5	Excellent service.  We needed to make it back home for an appointment after being delayed at the doctor's.  Our other taxi choice needed over an hour to pick up.  Time was tight.  So I called Black Cab, and he  was able to come over very quickly.  Great service and reasonable.  Give them a try.  We will use again for sure!!
