4	Stayed here 4-6 July, 2012, and really enjoyed it. I see why this chain is expanding so quickly. As an American traveling as a family - 4 of us, we were able to stretch out nicely in a single room with 1 queen-sized bed and two twin-sized beds. The hotel opened in February, 2012, according to the desk staff. The hotel and rooms were clean, well-built, and modern. Especially loved the high-pressure showers with variable temp and pressure that worked consistently, no surprises. One minor plumbing issue resolved same day with the desk staff. Attached restaurant serves full or continental breakfast plus lunch and dinner although we never tried it for lunch. We bought the package that included full breakfast and was glad I did. Really set the tone for the day with a nice hot breakfast in your stomach. Restaurant staff efficient and courteous. Also includes an attached Costa Coffee shop - service and offerings also top-notch, quick, and friendly. Nice flat-screen LCD TVs in the rooms with full cable-type channel lineup. Only down-side was the wi-fi. It really was finicky and the registration process was cumbersome, billing was inept - hey Premier Inn, take a look into making this easier for your guests, because it was a craptastic distraction to an otherwise memorably great hotel stay.
3	Banks galore! Also has a railway located nearby (Edinburgh park) always seems like some  roadworks are being completed! Possibly because of the trams!
3	This is now a Premier Inn and we decided to stay here overnight from our flight before starting our trip in Scotland.  It is very clean and the breakfast was fine.  It is very similiar to a Holiday Inn Express in the US.  There is a train station right outside the hotel, which would be convenient if you arrived by rail.  There is also a Tesco market  across the tracks, just a short walk.  We were able to pick up supplies for our trip.  I would recommend it as a place to stopover from the airport.  About an $11 pound cab ride from the airport.
