5	Vantage is a perfect find for me.  I highly recommend Alex for internet design and related marketing services.I needed everything.  I started a brand new business in a different industry located in a new community.  I brought no industry contacts, no technology knowledge, and little marketing expertise.  Oh, and I needed to build a national customer base.  On a modest budget.Within minutes after I responded to the email contact on the Vantage website, I received a phone call from Alex (who was on vacation).  We talked for some time.  By the end I knew this was a fit.  Service and talent are what I sensed and now what I receive.  All I knew was that I did not want a static brochure on a screen.  My site is spectacular compared to my competition.  Check out the portfolio on the Vantage site and you will find creative, gripping, and informative sites. My business and Vantage are now a team.  Vantage provides service, talent, and results.
5	Seriously the best web designer out there...super happy with my new website and the amazing customer service I received! Highly recommend if you are looking for a amazing website!
5	Before choosing Vantage Websites for our e-commerce solution, our company met and spoke with over a dozen competitors. When we met with Vantage Websites, the response was attentive and informative, and we made our decision to pursue a business relationship moments following our initial meeting.Vantage Websites was the right choice! Throughout the building process Vantage answered every e-mail, text message, and phone call immediately. The team showed patience when our plans called for adjustments/changes, and empathized with our questions and concerns. To top it off, Vantage kept us within budget.No false promises, and great follow through with everything! We are very satisfied with our e-commerce website, as well as the results from Google SEO and Google AdWords services provided by Vantage Websites.
4	Highly recommend if you are looking for a great website! I worked with Alex for the last 3 months ,.Throughout the  process Vantage answered every single  e-mail, text message, and phone call almost immediately.  Even after the site is done , Alex still available to answer and help us with our website. Great guy to work with.                                                                                                  from lasvegasfantastico
5	Waited with me through the long process of setting this website. He created something much superior to what I had intended. Alex was great with working with everything that i had requested. I would recommend his  service. Also, he was very polite every-time we spoke and was a pleasure to speak with.
5	They are the best. Honest and hard worker and always available when you need help. We will recommend this company to everybody we know.
