4	This place is good for every meal, plus they serve breakfast all day long.  The menu offers breakfast, sandwiches, and for dinner they have several different entrees.  The menu has a loose New Orleans theme (they sell muffalettas and poboys) that is decent, but I would def reccomend the poboys over the muff.  At night this place turns into a pretty cool bar.  Be careful when you go because the crowds can be crazy, especially for breakfast/brunch on the weekends.
5	This place is great.  It's a locally owned and opperated buisiness, which I love, and everything you order comes out better than you'd expect.  I love their breakfasts, but the she crab soup is worth ordering.
4	Great breakfast place. Expect it to be busy on the weekends. I've had varying success with service. All of the food is good, no tremendous standouts but nothing subpar either. It has character which is something not a lot of places around Charlotte have so that's certainly a plus!
2	I got an omelet here and there was so much butter it was glossy. I didn't know I had to request 'no butter' for an egg omelet....Over all it's decent. For a much better breakfast I suggest Original Pancake House or IHOP. The service is also pretty crappy, especially if it's crowded.
4	I like this place, it kind of looks like a dive from the outside and inside but the food is really good. I like the Shrimp Boy and She Crab Soup. Their french fries are home made and delicious.
3	Eddie's Place  is a great place to grab a good breakfast, especially a Sunday Brunch.  The omelets here are really good and you have a lot of choices as far as what you want to go in them.  The chicken wings are also great, as are the hash browns...umm the has browns are really good.  I have to admit one of my favorite dishes here are the frog legs, similar to chicken wings but bigger, a little stringier, and way juicier, with a slightly different texture and a different bend to the drumsticks (you'll see what I mean), but the flavoring is superb.  Oh the Muffaletta's are very good here as well.  Check it out, Eddie's Place a  great place for Breakfast, Brunch and Lunch.
4	As I have stated before, I love breakfast! So we went over to Eddie's one Sunday afternoon and got a table almost immediately, which surprised me since they seemed busy. I had the omelette special, which was shrimp and some goat cheese, and spinach, and I made it an egg-white omelette. It was very tasty, even with the lower fat swap-out.  I also had grits, which were excellent, and bacon, which was also great.  A $5 mimosa was also a nice treat.  The service was lacking, probably because it was so busy.It is certainly a very dated, bordering on dingy establishment, so I wouldn't make this a first-date destination.  But overall, I enjoyed our dining experience, mostly because the food was so good.
4	Eddie's Place is one of the few restaurants in Charlotte where you can find an early sit-down breakfast on Sundays.  The menu is average for breakfast, but sometimes you can catch an awesome special of the day.  My favorite has been the breakfast potato skins.  The eggs are on top of the tasty skins.  YUM!The Cotswold Eddie's resembles a family-owned restaurant.  There's no theme and nothing chainish about it.  There are just tables and a counter with TVs.  In fact, it looks a little old or dated inside.  Sundays can usually get crazy there, so get there early (before the church crowd!) if you don't like waiting for a seat.  We've sat at the counter several times (to cut down waiting time) and gotten excellent service and quick drink refills, being so accessible to the servers there.
3	We had breakfast here recently and the Governor of North Carolina was eating there, which makes perfect sense: this place is just a good 'ol fashioned Charlotte-style breakfast joint. Nothing fancy, but great nonetheless. Since it's not much to look at,  I was kinda surprised when I walked in on a Sunday to find Eddie's TOTALLY packed. Make note of that if you're coming here on a weekend. As for the food itself, it was pretty good. Mostly offering standard breakfast options, Eddie's also has some more southern style foods like grits and biscuits n' gravy, both of which were ordered by my group and were deemed awesome. Great coffee and service, too.
4	Solid breakfast experience!I picked up a breakfast sandwich and a coffee, both of which fully met my expectations I'm always down with options, and I was able to select the confection which my sandwich was served on (I went with croissant) and the meat (summer sausage there).The service staff was prompt, enabling you to integrate Eddie's Place into your mourning breakfast plans with minimal disruption.Like I said, solid breakfast experience.
1	After reading the reviews here and a few local papers claiming this as the #1 breakfast place, we decided to give it a shot. If this is the best Charlotte has to offer for breakfast out, we'll stay home.They were very crowded, but we didn't have to wait long at all for our table. The waitress was attentive and friendly. I do agree with other reviewers who've said the decor could use some freshening but that's not a deal breaker for me.What made us decide this is not a place we'd return to was the food itself. I ordered the chiabata french toast with bacon and grits, while he ordered the Italian Omelet Brunch Special (3 egg omelet with mushrooms, sausage, mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce) with hashbrown and cheese grits. My bread was soggy in the middle, and the texture felt like the bread had soaked up too much egg and not been thoroughly cooked thru. The bacon was rubbery, and the grits were tasteless and seemed slightly undercooked. His hash browns were soggy and greasy, while the omelet was watery and rather bland. His cheese grits suffered the same undercooked texture as my plain ones, and while they had an orangey color to them, had no cheese flavor at all.We hold out hopes of finding a good breakfast place someday, but for us, Eddie's is just not it.
4	Picture this, you are sipping on a hot cup of coffee reading the morning paper and you are eating a delicious plate of pancakes. Well, that is exactly what you can experience at Eddie's.Eddie's serves just what you want from a casual restaurant for breakfast. The best part about it is it's not a greasy spoon. (They also serve lunch and dinner.) You can be in and out within an hour, or you can take your time and read the paper front to back...either way, we haven't felt rushed.The hashbrowns are okay (little squares of potato), the grits are good, the bacon is crisp, the coffee is bottomless, and the pancakes are delicious. The servings are plentiful, the service is fast, and everyone I see leaves happy and full!
4	I have eaten at both locations of Eddie's many times. The service is typically good (especially at the Cotswald location) and the food is generally very good. They have many great specials -often with sort of a low-country or New Orleans flair - and they do fish dishes really well. However, I am happy many times with just a bowl of the she-crab soup... it is fabulous! They often have fish dishes as a daily or weekly special and these are usually served with a nice accompaniment of veggies and/or pilaf. When you are in the mood for a good sandwich and french fries, they also have many options in this direction.  I used to love their breakfast anytime - but the last couple of times I chose b-fast, the  omelets were sort of bland. The Ballantyne location is usually pretty crowded for breakfast/brunch on weekends, so expect a bit of a wait there. But, they have complimentary coffee while you wait so that helps! Overall, its a good place to go for comfort food.2011 UPDATE: The Ballantyne location is now closed.
3	I have eaten at Eddie's numerous times, it is a great place to go for lunch for a mixed group, there is bound to be something on the menu to please everyone. My very first visit to Eddie's I had a rueben, it was delicious, it has never been as good as my first visit.  A must try are the fried oyster appetizer and the she-crab soup.  Sunday, we went to the Ballantyne location, sat at the bar and had a rueben and a bloody mary.  It was average.  Average service, bloody mary (zing zang, not homemade, simple lime garnish) and sandwich.  French fries were hot, so it does pass the french fry barometer.  With tip my bill was $20.  I don't know if I want to pay $20 for average.Look at the photos of Eddie's  of the rueben, then look at my photo of my rueben, not the same.
4	Open on Sundays and serving breakfast every day of the week!  Full bar!  We went for brunch and the omelettes are great, bacon is crispy and my diet Pepsi remained filled.  The hashbrowns are the homefry style which I'm not really a fan of but next time I'll just get grits instead.This is a family friendly place with regulars that have been coming here for years.  I'm happy to say I'll be coming back pretty regularly now too.  Plus Rebel Base Comics & Toys is right next door so I can kill two birds with one stone.
3	Recently went to Charlotte for a weekend shopping trip and was excited about the prospects of eating at some new places. Before heading out to the Ikea on Sunday we decided to find a breakfast/brunch place so we dialed up our Yelp. The reviews seemed pretty favorable for Eddie's Place so the sig-o and I decided to hit it up. We got there around noon and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. The place is pretty small and probably not that amenable to large groups. We were immediately escorted to a table near the front of the restaurant in a little nook with several booths and tables. It didn't take long after we were seated to realize that we were near the most raucous group of people outside of an Ozzfest concert. Although I am in my late 20s I immediately had a glimpse of what a 70 year old woman feels like while admonishing a group of teenagers. But I digress. The table was fully stocked for just about anything you needed for breakfast (jams, butter, creamers, syrup, hot sauce, ketchup). We ordered coffee which was just OK. I ordered the breakfast crepes which were stuffed with eggs and bacon and covered in a jalapeno cheese sauce. The bacon was very salty and I had to mask this with some syrup. The crepe itself was average. I have had much better crepes at a Vegas fast food joint. The hash browns with the crepes were also a bit overcooked. I also tasted the sig-o's french toast which was decent but nothing spectacular.  You really can't mess up french toast anyway unless you burn the hell out of it. The waitress was very attentive and friendly so service was definitely not an issue. Nothing during my experience here was terrible but nothing was extraordinary either. Really can't comment on their lunch/dinner menu but breakfast was very average. With so many other places to try in Charlotte I doubt I will be headed back here anytime soon.
4	I was looking for a place that served breakfast instead of paying for breakfast at my hotel Uptown or going to some chain restaurant.This was a great find on Yelp!I had two pancakes, hash browns, turkey sausage and eggs! The food was great and the $4 mimosas were good also! I arrived shortly afternoon on Sunday; the wait was about 20 minutes and definitely worth it!
4	This place serves breakfast all day and great southern food.  I've been here a few times and gotten a steak sandwich marinated in coffee and brown sugar, a reueben and also french toast bignets.  All three were very tasty.  Good food, and good service.  I wish the TVs were a little bigger, they still have old school CRTs, but they have specials on beers every once in a while.  This week they are doing $1 PBR, $1.50 bud light/ miller lite.  Can't really go wrong with that.It's one of those great places where you know what you want, but at the same time, everything else still looks good so you have to kinda force yourself to stay with the first choice.
5	Greatfood in a casual setting. The only drawback would be the wait on a Sunday morning.
5	excellent breakfasts - you can build your very own fluffy omelet and they don't charge for each item. their breakfast sandwiches are delicious too - i recommend egg, smoked sausage and cheese -mmmmm.The She-Crab soup is truly the BEST i have every had - from coast to coast - utterly divine.
4	Great varieties of beer!! The staff makes you feel like a regular, even on your first visit! Unpretentious food that delivers on great flavors. With the prices affordable enough to visit frequently.
4	Eddie's Place is as homely of a restaurant as you can try.  The no-frills Cotswold location has a wait staff with character and hearty food.  I'm pretty much sold on those points.I've been a few times and I've had their Greek Cheese steak-it's like a gyro on steroids!  Filled with lamb and beef, this gyro is hard to bet.  I'm not a fan of the fries however-they were "chipped" fried potato pieces without much substance.  The other sides are worthwhile however.  The staff are an absolute riot-I got "jostled" by my waiter for my indecisiveness.  Still, its a laid-back atmosphere and it certainly appears that the staff enjoy their job.  Our server was out to check on us regularly and we felt much love.  I'm going back to Eddie's at some point. The menu has some interesting treats, like Cajun dishes and really down-home dishes that I haven't seen in restaurants.  The beverage selection is top-notch, he-llo!
4	This is a solid place for breakfast. I've only had their breakfast items and never ordered anything off of their regular menu since their specials always look fantastic and creative in thought. It's a small place with fast service, strong coffee, reasonable prices and generous portions. I love that they put "No business meetings" in between 11A-2P on their menu to prevent people just milling around.
4	Came for a later breakfast last Saturday w/my sister and one of our nephews.  We had a very brief wait, no more than 5 minutes.  Our 6 y/o dining companion LOVED his kids menu featuring his favorite cartoon character, Spongebob.  He did a great job coloring it and was very excited to hang it up on the wall.Our server was really nice, as was everyone else who approached the table.  Food came out really fast, which is always great when you've got kids with you.  I got a bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel and we all split a side order of pancakes.  Nephew got kids french toast and bacon, sister got same as me.  We enjoyed all of it, and the growing boy who had already eaten earlier in the day, cleaned his plate then started on the pancakes and claimed they were his favorite part of the meal as he scarfed them down.Prices were great here and the menu looked like it had a lot of other things I'd be interested in trying.  Oh and the mimosas being served look delish!  Will def be back.
5	Liver Mush!  Yum Yum. Southern Caviar!  I come all the way from Atlanta to eat real southern at Eddies
3	The food here was excellent and simply perfect for breakfast.  I would definitely suggest going here to eat some delicious hash browns, pancakes, and eggs.  Good coffee too. I just had a few problems with the environment and service.  I am usually all for alcohol with any meal, but they were being so pushy about having a bloody mary or a mamosa on a Sunday morning.  Eddie's Place is more a bar that happens to serve breakfast.  I just think it works better the other way around.  (See my Egg Heads review).  The price was reasonable and maybe I could give this place 4 stars, but would rate it a 3.9. I still say.. Enjoy and give it a try..-Ian M.
3	Breakfast is always good. Homefries lack. Friendly service and atmosphere.
5	As my daughter said..."this place is great!"The atmosphere is cool. Relaxing. Service was good. Not over-the-top. Just "get the job done" kind of service. It was our first visit to Eddie's Place. So maybe we got lucky. But everything about it was great. The food. The atmosphere (nice and casual). The Blood Mary was perfect.Food was really good...better than I expected. I prefer locally-owned restaurants over chains, but it can be a crap-shoot.The only thing missing was Eddie. Maybe we'll see him next time we visit.
5	I love this place. This is the picture perfect neighborhood bar with the BEST She Crab Soup I have ever had.  The service is great and the bar tenders are great people to have a conversation with. The beer selection is good and the daily specials are great.If you are looking for a relaxed atmosphere with great service, look no further.
4	Oh how I love a good breakfast place close to my house for those weekend mornings when I just want some delicious food without the hassle of making it and cleaning up. And Eddie's definitely fits that criteria; conveniently located in Cotswold, their breakfast is solid every time. We've been to Eddie's quite a bit, and tend to hit it up at least once on weekends when we have quests in town. If you're going to try to go during peak breakfast hours on the weekend, be ready for a wait as they offer $4.00 mimosas and bloody mary's (made with zing zang, which is the best bloody mary mix available). The tables turn pretty quickly, but the place just isn't that big. Service is generally very good, and we've never had to ask for drink refills. Eddie's generally has pretty good breakfast specials, and if you like coffee, it's a-ok. The omelets, french toast and pancakes are all very good. And they offer turkey sausage and great hash browns to round out your breakfast experience. If you're in the area, give Eddie's a try!
5	I grew up eating at this restaurant, formerly known as "Eddie's Place, Danny's Too", ever since I was about 10 years old when I would take piano lessons next door. Even though I moved out of Charlotte a couple of years ago, whenever I come back home to visit my folks, I have to make a trip to Eddie's Place for a hotdog, pasta salad, gumbo, and fries. Hot Dog - juicy & big. what more can you ask for?Pasta Salad - tangy and garlicky. i've tried all sorts of pasta salads around the country, and even dining in Los Angeles or NY where the world's most renowned eating establishments are, I have not found a more perfect pasta salad than the one at Eddie's Place. Yes - it's THAT good.Gumbo - this is a great cajun gumbo with a nice kick to it. the rice and the sausages are cooked to perfection, in addition to the soft and tender okra that soaks up all the flavor of the soup. must try!Fries - I live on the West Coast now, and I still think about Eddie's Place fries from time to time. They are crisp, salted just right, and sprinkled with fresh black pepper. As a kid, my dad would let me get an order of fries after every piano lesson, and many times I couldn't wait until after my lesson so I would convince my dad to buy me some beforehand...I hope this place stays in business for a very long time!
3	I'm a huge fan of Mom and Pop places. This one gets a solid 3.5 stars in my book. EXCELLENT and friendly service, homey atmosphere, lots of booths for seating, but the food was mediocre.I felt a little out of place when I first walked in because this seems like a "locals-only" sort of establishment. Once the waitress came up with her super sunshiney attitude, my feelings were dismissed though.Got the veggie burger with onion rings, things were cooked well but the only buns they had were made from white bread (super ick).Methinks I'll try breakfast some time.
4	Came by here after work for a few beers, stayed for more than a few and enjoyed fried pickles and onion rings for the first time...the fried pickles that is.It is a very nice spot - on an Wednesday night, it was an older crowd but worked out great because I came to talk bizniz and it wasn't all crazy or nothing.The bartender/waitress were friendly and checked on us a few times.  I hadn't been to a true local bar, so it was my first time in one in Charlotte.Everything about it was quite nice without anything overly awesome nor anything near bad at all.  Had fried pickles for the first time, didn't think they were particularly awesome, but went well with beer.  The onion rings however were perfect - enough onion to know you're eating it and the fried portion was simply splendid.  It stayed on the ring, wasn't too soft or brittle.Definitely will want to make it out here again sometime soon.dmo out.
4	Another entry in the best burger bracket in the Observer.  I stopped here on Saturday for lunch.  The restaurant was busy with several groups people waiting.  I managed to grab a spot at the bar.  Ben, the bartender was very friendly and took good care of me.  I order the burger which comes with one side.  I was going to get fries and then a side of onion rings.  Ben said they could do 1/2 fries & 1/2 onion rings as a side.  It took a long time to get my food, but the kitchen was doing a good job of keeping orders flowing.  When I got my burger the people sitting next to me at the bar said I should take a picture of it. It did look very good.  The burger is fresh not frozen and had the standard setup, lettuce, tomato, onions.  Ben let me know when I ordered that they could cook my burger any way I wanted.  I ordered medium rare and the burger was closer to rare, but that didn't matter.  it was juicy and tasty.  Both the fries and onion rings were fresh not frozen.  The onion rings were awesome.  At $11 for burger, frings (fries & onion rings) and a beer the price was right.  I'm definitely going to have to go there again as they have some nice breakfast items which they serve anytime.
4	Great low key Cotswold neighborhood hangout that's been around since 1997.  I enjoy it mostly for breakfast but it's actually a New Orleans style restaurant.  I hear the burgers are great too!  Comfort food, reasonable prices, friendly service and neighborhood atmosphere...can't go wrong with that!  AND...locally owned and operated!!!  :)
3	friendly staff, great service, yummy food.
3	Just simply a good place for unpretentious brunch ( and lunch and dinner too... but I eat mostly brunch here)The menu isn't fancy, but the food is prepared well, and they usually have some interesting specials.The Steak and Eggs is fantastic as is their Shrimp and Grits.Decent Bloody Mary's - which is a must IMHO.Can get very busy, although I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes.My only complaint is their coffee. It's awful.I can usually suck down a couple of cups if I need it, but I'm never happy about it.It simply confounds me when a perfectly good breakfast joint doesn't have the wherewithal to serve decent coffee.Doesn't stop me from eating here, though!
3	All I can say is French Toast for dinner!! Holy crap it's good. Big thick pieces of french toast w/ a side of crispy bacon & cheese grits. Eddie's is a place where the locals hang out. I'll take my daughter there sometimes for dinner and you'll see the same people. It's kind of loud at times but the food is really good. I usually get breakfast for dinner, especially the french toast. The lady that greets you at the door isn't the friendliest person in the world but I'm not there to see her anyways. For some good food and to hang with the locals, Eddie's Place is the place!
4	Mmmm...corned beef hash!
3	A great local restaurant with good atmosphere, however the food left something to be desired.Small portion, not the freshest fruit and overcooked fries. But, it could have just been my meal, which is why I'll give it three.
4	Met my daughter here for dinner last night. It was pretty crowded but we still were seated right away. We couldn't decide on dinner or breakfast. They serve breakfast all day (A real + in my book). My daughter went with the cheese burger and I fell back on my favorite, french toast. What can I say, I'm a sucker for breakfast. My daughter's cheese burger looked great and must have tasted better because she polished it off along with most of the fries (she'd kill me if she knew I was writing this). The french toast was perfect! 4 thick pieces of french bread, cooked just right, with a little powdered sugar on top along with grits (cheese) and crispy bacon. Yum! Oh and the hostess was in a good mood tonight:)
4	Came on a busy Sunday morning.  It's a nice little diner style place - casual, not quite dive-y - with delicious French toast and surprisingly tasty hash browns.  I say surprisingly because when they come out, they're these funky little cubes that look like they might have come out of a bag but then they surprise you with how tasty they are - they're cooked with some onions and they're good.  Bacon was also yummy.  The low point would be the coffee - hot enough but it tasted a bit weak and as though it had been on the burner for a bit too long.  Granted I got decaf so it might have been the brand, but still.  Before we got the check, I'd have given the place three stars.But then there's the fact that this place is SO CHEAP.  Seriously, when you can fill up a pregnant woman and a grown man for under twenty bucks, you've got it going on.  X-tra star for X-treme value!
5	My wife and I were looking for a place to have breakfast one morning and when we saw the number of cars in the parking lot around Eddie's we knew that this had to be a place to check out.  The place was crowded, everyone seemed happy and we headed to the bar which was a first come first serve section.  I had the French toast, side of bacon and hash browns which were pretty fantastic and my wife had an omelet which not only came out perfectly but made us want to come back here again.One of the best parts of this experience was however, the breakfast and a show.  There was a little boy two seats down, maybe 7 or 8 who was having breakfast with his dad.  He also had the french toast but quickly cut it up into bite sized pieces, arranged them neatly around the edges of his oval shaped plate and then poured a pool of syrup in the middle.  One by one those pieces dove off the edge until the plate was finished, the little boy full and my wife and I completely entertained.  Now I can't promise he will be there every time you go to Eddie's but I can promise that breakfast will be good!
4	As long as you know what you're signing up for, this place is great.  It's not fancy by any means but offers delicious food and pleasant service.  The She Crab soup is terrific and the bread that comes with it is incredible - it's served warm and is soft inside with the perfect amount of lightly crispy crust!  The Po Boys are served on the same bread (I suggest asking for a side of mayo and mixing the mayo with Tabasco and then adding it to your Po Boy).  Also notable are the pancakes - which are perfect - fluffy and tasty! Just make sure you don't miss the soup!
4	Excellent turkey reuben and fries. Real fresh turkey and crispy french fries.
4	Amazing French Toast! Stopped in on a weekend trip to Charlotte due to positive Yelp! reviews, and it did not disappoint. They serve breakfast all day in this local spot and it was delicious. Everything that came out around us looked great. The hash browns were simple, but tasty, the bacon was quality and the french toast could have been the best I've had.I overheard the bar tender talking about their lobster dinners that they do a few times a month, and I really wish we had time to come back and try it. I believe he said $22 for a recently live (They kill to order), Maine lobster with roasted potatoes and corn on the cob. We might have to plan our trip around that next time. The decor is nothing special, but definitely feels local and cozy. The staff were very attentive and not overbearing and the meal came out very quick. Definitely give it a try!
5	Eddie's Place was one of the first restaurants I visited when I first moved to Charlotte (From Louisiana) in 2003.  In less than one week I was back when invited by a small group of friends to eat here again.  Most of my friends have been surprised that I like this place (if it is a Sports Bar PLEASE do NOT tell me) and more surprised what I order.  Though I have had a Soft Shell Crab Dish and She Crab Soup, I usually order the same dishes every time: Pancakes, Gumbo (Chicken and Sausage) and Hash Browns, Extra Hash Browns and Hash Browns on top!!!  These are my favorite Hash Browns: Cubed Potatoes fried on a griddle (I think) with a little Onion ahhhhhhh and if it were not on the table (it always is) I could forget to add a few drops of Tabasco Sauce.  When my server brought FOUR plates to my table (I was alone) the conversation at a nearby table suddenly switched from "Day Trading" to hiking the entire Appalachian Trail!Eddie's Place has a comfortable feel like a Neighborhood Diner or Bar or Both!  Every time I'm there I notice the staff recognizes the regulars and are plenty friendly to everyone else.  Seems like all the staff put me at ease (no easy task) so it must be required that all potential employees be very friendly, have a calm demeanor, a laid-back attitude and still wait on ten tables at a time!If you want to see my yelp rating for the food I had for Breakfast today:Hash Browns with Extra Hash Browns and Hash Browns on Top, 5 yelp starsChicken and Sausage Gumbo (Big Bowl) 5 yelp starsBig Biscuit very good close to 4 starsBig Pancakes (I do not know what they are called on the menu) 4.5 starsGumbo for Breakfast???  I alsomost ordered Fried Pickles three times this morning!  Almost also did, I alsomost did not today!  Please keep it a Secret from me if this place is a Sports Bar, that would ruin it for me!
4	Finally got to see if the reviews were right on last Sunday. It was about 10am, and was beginning to get packed.  I must say the reviews were right-on!  Dined solo this time, so I decided to just grab a seat at the bar.  I ordered the French toast, hashbrowns, turkey sausage and lemonade.  The French toast was delish with its light, yet somewhat sweet with a hint of cinnamon. Reminds me a lot of  Thumbs Up Diner in Atlanta.  The lemonade was really good and I was not sure if it's homemade or fountain. With tax, my meal had me full and I had something to take home for a snack for right at $10. Ben was my server and was very attentive and informative. I will defiinitely be letting others know there's some good eats at Eddie's Place.
3	I just wasn't overly impressed with this place.  I searched high and low for a great brunch place and Eddie's Place consistently popped up on the various lists.I like the fact that it is older and a little hole in the wall type place.  That makes me feel like it is authentic and bound to be yummy!  We were there for brunch...I ordered the eggs benedict...I know a safe choice.  My friend ordered an omlet with hashbrowns.  The bacon in her omlet was chewy, not crispy.  The eggs were overcooked.  The hashbrowns were old school style, which were honestly a little bland.  The service was just so-so.I know we didn't get overly creative with our orders but I guess that is part of why I only give this restaurant 3 stars.  I didn't find the menu to be that innovative.  I was hoping to see some great brunch/lunch items that would be unique to this place only.  NOT so much!  They had french toast but with cream cheese but even their specials for the day were not-so-special.  I don't know...maybe I am missing something.  Let me know what I should try next time to really be impressed and I will update my review.
4	Good, reasonable food. (beer too!) $3 copper on draft? $7.75 wings? giddy-up.
5	It's great to have this place in the neighborhood.  I take my mom here on Saturdays and Sundays and sometimes throughout the week.  They are incredibly accommodating as they will adjust any dish and just serve us half a serving (their portions are large).  My mom loves the coffee here and has it with a shot of whipped cream.  This gives it a creamy taste with just a touch of sugar.  Some of their exceptional offerings include the Cuban sandwich, crepes, baby back ribs (there are regulars that will just not miss a Friday night because of them), the hamburgers, and of course the She Crab soup, there are of course  many others.  Their daily offering of soup of the day is usually good also.  There is a list of special brunch items on the weekends, but if you don't like what's there, they will always find something you will love.  The staff is very friendly and feels more like family.  Not a disagreeable one in the bunch.  Highly recommend this place.
4	Been wanting to try this little spot for a while & we finally made it a few weeks ago.  Won't be the last visit, that's for sure!It was lunch time & they weren't very crowded (especially considering the area), but that turned out to be no indication of what to expect as I first thought. The atmosphere is cool n local, with tons of photos,  memorabilia from schools, local sports teams & the like on the walls, and multiple large screens, each playing something different (no sound though).  The waiters/waitresses all have a very laid back, go-with-the-flow vibe about them which is great (laid back, but not lackadaisical).  The food was spot on, plentiful and tickled the taste buds.  And breakfast is always available!I ordered the turkey burger w/fries.  Loved it.  At first I was turned off by the appearance of a mass-produced pre-formed patty, but was a convert at first bite. Yum!  Toppings were plentiful and condiments were offered on the side, which I always love (I'm the world's pickiest picky person & like to control the amounts of mayo & such).  The fries were my only sticking point, but weren't awful by any stretch.  Just a little too oily & thick for my taste.The other half ordered a make-your-own omelet w/grits and toast.  Mmm mmm.  Sausage was cooked well and very flavorful, cheese was just gooey enough but not too much so, and the grits were the perfect consistency.All-in-all Eddie's is a great little spot for any meal.  I do think they're a tad pricier than they should be for what they offer, but not so much so it prevents me from going back on a whim.  I already have a running list of things to try next time!
3	Eddie's Place is pretty much exactly where I would peg the baseline for a brunch place. Everything our party of 4 ordered was entirely alright, but nothing was particularly memorable (there was a french toast that was probably 4 stars, but the coffee was bad enough to knock that star back off). I could see myself going back, but I wouldn't be surprised if I never did.
4	Fell in love with Eddie's Place for breakfast. They have the best bacon, egg and cheese sandwich I have been able to find since moving from NYC. Also a huge fan of the fries here. Have I ever mentioned that I love eating fries with breakfast? We decided to go for dinner one night when we couldn't think of anything else so we decided to give this place a try for dinner. What a good choice it was! First, it was $2 bottled beer night and there were some good choices! I went with the grilled chicken sandwich on cibatta and it was the best chicken sandwich I have had in a really long time. The husband had the chicken parm and also said that it was delicious. The service is always good and for some reason we always end up seated at the same booth which I like- now I don't think I want to sit anywhere else. it's so nice to have a place like this near the house. This is def a great spot, especially for those nights when we can't agree on anything else!
4	Thanks to Yelp, we came across this place for breakfast and had to give a try. It truly didn't disappoint at all. The service was quick, the food was adequate without being overly large. Great family place and seems very popular with the locals.I think when we come back to the area, we will go again.
4	Waking up on a Sunday morning with not a whole lot of nothing to do produces one result: late breakfast. Oh, what a joy it is to be starvacious in the morning hours and to fire up a Yelp search on the old iPhone and up pops Eddie's. A a breakfastular force to be reckoned with. Rumblin' tummies beware. Your hunger won't plague citizens for long!It's a quaint spot on Sharon Amity with humble outdoor seating, bar seating, booths and tables inside. No cockamamie and kitschy decorations either. Just plain old diner fare. Seated quickly. Every table was packed, but we managed to score a booth only after 10 minutes. Not too shabby. The Southern Scramble is a deep-fried force of culinary nature. Two large chicken breasts, fried, atop crispy biscuits and a smattering salty, porky, and thick gravy. Throw in a handful of handcut fries and the morning just turned into a snooze fest. Such an incredible meal. I felt like I was hit with a tranq dart afterward. My wife had the french toast. Thick cut and packed with spices. Amazing. You could say I'm a fan. I'll definitely be back for breakfast on weekend mornings that can only be spent at a booth, snarfing on a Southern Scramble. Viva Eddie's!
4	I had a chance to try Eddie's Place when some co-workers decided to stop by for lunch recently.  I will say that I was not too excited about going here based on my one and only breakfast experience there some years ago.  Don't really remember anything being really bad with breakfast, but I was not blown away.  Anyway, lunch on this day was a completely different story.  First of all, I was really impressed with their menu and the variety of New Orleans inspired items.  The muffuletta was calling my name as it has always been one of my favorites.  The sandwich can be ordered hot or cold and is made with imported Genoa Salami, Mortadella, ham, Swiss cheese and Olive Salad on Ciabatta bread.  It also comes in two sizes huge and double huge based on me ordering the smaller size and seeing that it was still substantial.  I finished it all and the side of fries, but 2 people could split it easily, based on how highly stacked the sandwich comes.There are many other good sandwich options on the menu along with many other entrees, and I will certainly be returning to Eddie's Place sooner rather than later.
2	Well, we were jonesin for some of their delicious french toast and decided to go to Eddie's Pl.  Well, the wait was short, yet it took a good five minutes to be acknowledged. That was a huge negative, but we were craving the french toast and decided to let it slide. French toast was great, but too bad Eddie's gotten cheap and discontinued the homestyle fries-- you now get a 1/2 cup of flavorless and tepid regular ole hashbrowns.They were not even crispy browned. Talk about disa-ppoin-ted.  Eddie's is known for the old hashbrowns, french toast and she-Crab soup!???  Oh well, service was adequate and we could not wait to get the check.  I have never tried lunch, but this visit makes me want to file Eddie's into file 13.  We made a special trip to this side of town, but will only consider going back if we happen to be STARving and in the area. Another one bites the dust...
4	Always great to be at Eddie's. Never had a bad meal here. Fried Pickles, Chicken Salad, Chef Salad, or even breakfast.... it's always good!
4	Mid-morning get together.... Lunch was starting to be served but I wanted a breakfast.... No Problem.... Comfort food every day and they are glad to see you....nice place to be PS the food is great too!
5	Eddies Place has the BEST burger in charlotte... the BEEEEEST. Its a great neighborhood joint... good food, good service and a great place for breakfast served any time of the day. Besides the burger they have excellent wings and the nachos are a must. For breakfast you cannot beat their french toast.
4	Some of the best French Toast in town. Lots of other good breakfast food as well.  This was my first visit.
4	It's my go-to brunch place on Sundays.  There is always a line but it moves fast and the servings are big.  My favorite are their specials that deal with french toast.  They make a pretty solid omelet as well.
5	SO DELICIOUS!! and some of the BEST customer service from our waiter Ben. I would highly recommend this place for  breakfast!!
4	"Tom, you gotta go to Eddie's place!  OMG, Tom, it's awesome!"  I heard this non stop from not only my sister, but from my mother.  "We need to go soon, before there is an hour wait!!"  OK!  Shit!!!  After our Black Friday shopping was done, we decided to go to Eddie's (as I would be leaving to go to Wilmington shortly after) for brunch.  It seems like everyone must have still been shopping, because when we got there, we were able to be seated immediately.  One thing I noticed- I was shocked at how this place is a bar and a breakfast place as well.  And it has been open for 15 years.  They must be doing something right (as you sometimes hear about a lot of places that go out of business due to the fact they have an identity crisis, and lose tons of $$$)!  They had a normal menu, and a special brunch menu.  I can't even remember what I had, except I do remember dousing hot sauce on some hash browns.  I know I posted photos- and I am sure you will be able to tell which one I ate (it's clearly the unhealthiest out of the 3 pics).  I remember the food being seasoned well and coming out fairly quickly, considering it started to get busier as the day progressed.  I was saddened though they did serve PEPSI (yuck).  This place is definitely a solid place for breakfast, and after seeing the prices on some of their beers, I would have to come back and see what that's all about!
4	Went for the mimosas. The french toast said ciabatta so my friend asked the bartender. He spoke very highly about it so we tried it. To our surprise, that was the best French toast I've ever eaten and the mimosas had a great balance. Great place and I'll be back.
4	Good atmosphere.  Have been here a couple of times the food is really good.  For breakfast you can't beat the french toast and I had a burger for lunch which was above average.  Overall reccomended.
5	Great place for French toast with bacon and cheesy grits. Was great.
2	After all the good reviews, I had high hopes for Eddie's Place. Most of the breakfast was ok. Nothing to write home about. If you like grits, I don't recommend ordering them. I was looking forward to them because it's something I only get when I go out to eat breakfast (which is rare). They were very watery. I took two bites and gave up.
3	I've been to Eddie's a few times and feel like I can't give them an honest four stars until I try their bloody mary... I've had brunch at Eddies 3 times now, service has always been great, and food has always been pretty standard (good, but not remarkable). If you are an early riser, you can get in and out of Eddie's in a snap, but don't wait until noon on a Sunday and expect not to have a 20-45 minute wait. I really think Eddie's is deserving of a 3.5, but I vow to give their bloody mary a try... depending on how that goes, I may up my rating to 4 stars.
4	I've been for lunch three times.  We had fabulous food every time.  Menu selection is very original. Prime rib sandwich is the best I've ever had. The wait staff is efficient but kinda dry.  Overall this one is a keeper.
5	Was in Charlotte for a family reunion.  We decided to venture out, and came across Eddie's Place. It became an instant favorite.  They have an expansive menu, excellent service, a down home hang out vibe and most important, great food!There were a group of us and they were able to accommodate us with no problem. Orders were taken in a timely manner, didn't have to wait long for our meal and the food was served hot. This is how all restaurants should be.  The next time I'm in Charlotte,  I will certainly be stopping in to Eddie's Place.  I suggest you do the same.
5	Best bar staff  and just all around a great place!
5	This is my favorite Restaurant in town!  Great Rueben and the she crab soup is a must.  I always sit at the bar because the bartender Ben is the best at his craft in Charlotte!  Even when he's slammed he greets you and goes ahead and grabs me my usual bud light. He goes above and beyond with his great service.  I just love this place and tell people about it all the time.  You gotta check out Eddie's Place!
2	Sunday breakfast is my hands-down favorite meal of the week, and I generally feel like it's a pretty difficult meal to mess up.  Eddie's Place has proved me wrong!We showed up around 8:45 on a Sunday morning, and there were only 5 or 6 tables full.  We were quickly seated... and then slowly waited on; it had gotten to the point where the fella was starting to count down the minutes til we walked out because no one had been by our table.  Yikes.  Finally, our waitress appeared.I ordered a basic breakfast - two scrambled egg whites, bacon, hash browns and toast for $7.50 - and the fella ordered one of the specials - a pulled pork benedict with cheese grits and cornbread for $10.  The food came out quickly, and about halfway through our meal, we asked the other how the meal was.  Both of us replied with "just ok."  My bacon was charred, and my hash browns were bland and rubbery.  The toast and eggs were fine.  His grits were a cheesy stew with no grit consistency, and the eggs and corn bread were fine.  Oddly enough, the pulled pork was the worst part of the pulled pork benedict.  There just wasn't much taste or seasoning to anything we ate.It had been probably 9 years since I'd visited Eddie's Place, and that was for lunch, but I had a much fonder memory of their food and service than what I actually experienced today.  Bummer.
5	Love this place! First off, any place that serves breakfast all day every day is tops in my book. My fave breakfast dish is their french toast. The restaurant also does a great job on the hash browns. Eddie's serves a solid cup of coffee too. For late night, you can't beat their fried pickles. Next up, I want to try their eggs benedict. I like that you can enjoy a good meal during the day and get a drink at night (or whenever!).I often eat at Eddie's on weekday mornings after I've finished with an appointment. It's is a great place for locals. I feel more connected to the community each time I dine here. It's perfect for a short, casual meeting with one or two associates, to enjoy the company of a couple friends or family members, or to just catch a meal by yourself.Service is excellent. Every time I go, I'm treated very well.
2	Alright, I know this place is a local legend. I want to give it a higher rating, I really do. But Eddie's place was a big "meh" in my book.First of all, it's trying to accomplish wayyyyy to much. Is it a southern comfort place? A breakfast place? Eclectic American? Bar food? Deli? And why the shit are there potstickers on the menu?As for the food, I ordered the shrimp and cheese grits, which were very good. Possibly the mildest grits I'd ever had. It came with a salad that was substantial and included bacon. So far, so good. Some friends ordered the she-crab soup, which was tasty, especially with a bit of sherry.However, a friend ordered the potato skins, which were completely lacking for flavor. Couldn't taste cheese, potato, or even sour cream. Just grease and carbs. Another friend ordered the reuben. It did not look good: greasy, with far too little meat.The service was friendly, but bumbling. First, the potato skins came out as potstickers. Strike one. Then they added $1.50 to my tab because I asked for spinach in my salad. Seriously? First of all, spinach is not that fucking expensive. And secondly, you couldn't even put that in the fucking menu? Or explain to me that it cost extra? I call bullshit. Bullshit x1000.Prices were high for the food they were serving. Needed to be about 20% less.The place loaded up with people as we finished our meal, so we got out of there quickly to make way for the next party. I wanted to shake some of them on the way out and shout, "Why are you wasting your money here?! Go someplace where you can get consistent food with competent waitstaff!"So, I dunno. Not my cup of tea. Maybe if you can stand dumb servers and you can distinguish between what is good and what isn't on the menu, you'll have a better time.
4	I have been here a couple of times for breakfast and I think Eddie's has some solid breakfast food.First off, I have to say that I love their bacon.  It's a little frustrating that you only get two slices in an order, but it's reasonably thick and has this amazing smoky flavor.  Still, it's totally worth getting if you like a smokier bacon taste.  The other day, I ordered a special from there of orange and cream pancakes.  Basically, the cakes were covered in marmalade and came with a creamy sauce drizzled over them.  The creamy sauce was delicious, but it would have been nice to get a little more on the cakes.  Still, I really enjoyed it.  My partner absolutely loves their cheese grits.  They have a wonderful cheese flavor and less creamy than some grits you can get here in the QC.  They are not overly salty, which he appreciates.  Finally, their coffee is better than a lot of places.  I assume they don't use Cadillac coffee, which I definitely appreciate.Eddie's may not have an extensive menu, but they do have some great specials when you come in there.  They also don't have giant portions, but I always think the amount of food is just right.  It is reasonably priced for Charlotte and I always feel like I'm getting good quality food for the price.  One of these days, I will make here to try their dinner menu.  Service has always been pretty good as well.  Our food has always come out very quickly, which I definitely appreciate it.  Last time we came, our server was a little slow to get to us, but she more than made up for that later.Overall, I can honestly say I'm a fan of Eddie's so far and I look forward to trying out their dinner menu sometime.
4	Yum, yum, yum!! My favorite meal of the day is breakfast. It's a real treat to go out and get a big breakfast on Saturday morning. eddie's does breakfast right. Service is great and I haven't had anything here that isn't good. Their bloody marys are awesome! Ask for it extra spicy and you won't be disappointed. The blueberry pancakes are my favorite here. They're big and fluffy with lots of blueberries. Expect to wait a while if you come around 10am. There's most always a wait. But it's totally worth it!
4	This place has been around for as long as I can remember....well, as long as I have been in Charlotte...15+ years.  Great breakfast food - which is served ALL DAY!  The staff is super friendly.  I have never had a bad server there.  I went in recently for the first time in a year or so and it looks like they have updated the interior.  Very nice!  They could use a few more big TVs.  But, a great little neighborhood bar with yummy breakfast food anytime!
5	I've been coming here for over 10 years. I have never had a disappointing meal or experience here. She-crab soup, bacon cheese fries and their whole breakfast menu are what I find myself ordering the most.
5	Fabulous! That's all I can say, even for the one-time I've been to this restaurant. My sister insisted I go, knowing I'm a fan of BBQ, for the baby back rib special on Fridays. I was not disappointed. The ribs were perfectly, fall-off-the-bone, tender. The sauce was sweet with a little heat. The kicker was the shrimp and grits! I entered not knowing what kind of restaurant it was, but when I learned about the all-day breakfast, I was torn between the ribs and shrimp and grits. My loving wife ordered the latter and gave me a taste. They were fantastic! Savory, tender shrimp, ham, just a flavor bonanza!I cannot over-recommend this place! Definitely going here next time I'm back in Charlotte.
5	Prime Rib Tuesdays. That is all.
4	I'm a fan - YAY!  With a nearby doctor's appointment looming that I was killing time waiting on, I decided to stop at Eddie's Place for a quick lunch.  And a quick lunch it was.The specials board over the bar let me know that Chili Cheese Dogs were the Monday special for August.  Yes, please.  And since I am going to the doctor next, I will only have one.  My waiter was super fast, though at 2:30 on a Monday, there really wasn't much of a crowd, but all of the tables that were seated seemed to be his.  He zipped my water to me and in no time, I had a lovely chili cheese dog with a side of pasta salad before me.  The dog, I believe, was boiled, which isn't my favorite way, I prefer a snappy dog with a char on it, but it was good, good flavor.  The bun was a standard dog bun, fresh and warmed.  The chili was nothing special, but it just had a good flavor to it, and instead of chunks of cheese on the top that the chili never seems to melt and I end up with shredded cheese down the front of my shirt, the cheese was melted under the chili.  There was no part of this hot dog that screamed YES, THIS IS THE BEST HOT DOG EVER, but everything about it worked.  I inhaled it, along with my pasta salad that was big pieces of penne (?) with olives, red onions and other finely chopped veggies in an italian dressing.  I battled ordering another one, luckily my server appeared seconds after I was done with my check.  Final damage - $5.36 for a delicious chili cheese dog and flavorful pasta salad.  Please, sir, may I have another.  YUM!
5	This is a great place for all. Tuesdays--prime rib for $1 per ounce!  Also their shrimp and grits are out of this world.
5	Gouda Mac and Cheese with chili. Delicious but ruined my diet for the day!! It's always nice to chat with the regulars as well.
4	New. Brunch. Place. Excuse me while I do a little happy dance!!!My friends and I stopped in for brunch after church on Sunday. The place was packed but we didn't have a wait. Score! Everyone here was nice, hostess greeted us, there was a waiter in BACON socks (does it get much better than that) and not to be outdone our waiter was awesome! He was very attentive and full of suggestions after we told him it was our first visit. Everything on the menu sounded delish but I went with their Omelet...for one main reason: you can ADD as MANY toppings as you like!!!! Whoa. You can chose options on and off the menu to pile on your three egg yummy creation so I went crazy....I chose bacon, ham, spinach, jalapenos and feta.Folks, that thing was delicious! It was prepared as I ordered, came out steaming HOT and add those hash browns and a biscuit ( yep. they are delish too) and plan to leave stuffed and happy. Totally recommend this place! I can't wait to go back!
3	I've been to Eddies a number of times over the years, and consistently forget to write about them - or even that I've been. I'm not sure if that means that they are not memorable or that they have just become so ingrained in my mind that I forget. Whatever the case, time to rectify the situation.The good: Open for breakfast, and they serve up some interesting options, which means you may actually have to look at the menu to figure out what you want. Unfortunately this also means that they can get busy at breakfast, so you can have to wait.The bad: The service can get a bit slow at times, though you can mitigate that a bit by going at a slightly off-time rather than a popular dining time. Unfortunately it only happens sometimes - at other times, it seems that the off hours dining is when the servers take their breaks, so it hits you too. On the plus side, it can make for a relaxing meal, and the food itself is generally tasty.
4	I don't know how she crab soup is supposed to taste. I like a good clam chowder better. Still, I enjoyed it. The Caesar salad was good, properly chilled and dressed. Service was very good.
3	Love those Boston ClamsThe Boston clam chowder is close to the best I have eaten. It has a smokey flavor due to the bacon and is more full of clams than any other to me. They are proud of their Reuben. It tasted good, but there is way too little beef, just two very thin slices. Because of this I'm dropping a star from my rating.
5	I have been going to Eddie's since 2006 when I was wondering what it was. Well I am glad I did. They have some of the best breakfast in Charlotte. I love most of the nightly specials they do. They get great desserts from a local bakery (forgot the name) I love how it is in a great location.Parking can be kinda tricky with Leroy Fox next door though.
4	We moved into the Cotswold neighborhood in 2000 and tried Eddie's Place soon after.  Over the years we continued to hear how many people enjoyed Eddie's as an independently-owned neighborhood restaurant.  We didn't go back until a few months ago and now we are semi-regulars for Sunday breakfast. The restaurant hasn't changed much but our perception of Eddie's Place has.  As more and more shopping centers prefer to attract chain restaurants and stores it is good to know that there are independents still able to survive and thrive.  Their breakfast specials add variety to their regular menu.  Eddie's is a great asset to the community.
4	Friendly staff, delicious down home breakfast!  Biscuits- heavenly. French toast- spectacular. Coffee-hot, good and plentiful. Love to find locally owned places to spend my dining out dollars.
1	Gross food and horrible service. Waited 10 mins for a waitress to ask us what we want to drink. Nothing to eat if you're vegetarian, hell no if you're vegan. Not a single decent bite.
4	Went for Breakfast and had the French Toast! Any place that flies the American Flag is ok by me.  coffee good as well as service............early AM is great!
4	Apparently I've been living under a rock because I had NO IDEA Eddie's Place existed or that they have $1 per oz Prime Rib Tuesdays! With a minimum of 6 oz, you get green beans, mash potatoes a side of au jus and bread with your meal. I always get medium rare and the meat is so tender, flavorful and just melts right in. I mean honestly, where can you find such a delicious dinner for this price? If you're gonna have about 10oz or more, just get two 6oz dinners, that way you'll have double the sides!
5	Outstanding burger, the best I've ever had. You need to try this out, you will not be disappointed.
5	For my first visit, this place was great!I had the waffle breakfast and it was served with a honey-cinnamon butter that's made on site. Very delicious and affordable!The service was fantastic and everyone was very friendly.This place has become my new spot for breakfast!
5	Yes to an amazing Sunday Brunch!  Finally had a chance to experience Eddie Place. The food was truely amazing. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles with hashbrowns. The chicken was cooked perfectly, juicy and not greasey. The cinnamon honey butter married the dish together. Everything was great. Service was good and the feel of the restaurant felt like home. Very good spot to try. I will have to make a trip back for dinner hours.~Feliz comiendo~
5	My husband and I moved to Charlotte about three months ago. We've been searching for a good breakfast/brunch place for some time (we had a favorite in Northern Virginia that we really miss). With that said, we finally found it - Eddie's Place!The outside looks like a dive but don't let that fool you. The inside is actually really trendy and, while there's usually a wait for a table, you can typically go straight up to the bar. The bartender was attentive, helpful with the menu items, friendly and a big part of the reason why we're giving them 5-stars.I had a basic egg sandwich but they have a lot of options to make it "your own" and it was delicious. My husband had an omelet which was perfectly cooked and full of flavor. He also had a mimosa and they aren't skimpy with the champagne!For sides, I had cheese grits and my husband had the hashbrown casserole. GET THE HASHBROWN CASSEROLE!!! Seriously, it is amazing!I can't wait to go back!
3	I wish we could remember what we ordered. I just remember the food was delicious. The reason why I can't remember anything is because there was a cockroach on the wall and when we pointed it out to our waiter he lied to us (trying to make us feel better probably) saying it was a june bug. At that moment it flew at all our heads and we all squealed. The waiter had the bus boy kill it. Kinda ruined our first visit. But again, food was good. Not sure if we'll be back; esp. since the husband detests cockroaches. =
1	After sitting outside waiting patiently for a half hour and watching a slew of people who arrived far after us get seated, we asked how much longer for our party of two.  The hostess was extremely rude and unapologetic about skipping over us.  We left without even eating.  I don't care how good your food is if you have service that bad.
4	The food and service is great at Eddies Place!!! If you in the area this is a nice place to stop even if your on a budget.   I had the chicken and waffles with grits.  Everybody in my party had something different and loved their meals.  My server Kent was friendly and very helpful on the food choices.
4	Another tucked away breakfast spot in the suburbs of Charlotte.  We have been here a couple of times and their breakfast is yummy yummy.  I recommend making an omelet!  Or the eggs Benedict is really tasty.  Everything tastes very fresh, their waitstaff are very polite and prompt.  There is a long wait on the weekends unless you get their at the right time, timing is everything with breakfast in Charlotte it seems.  Pretty good prices, a bit higher than say IHOP or Cracker Barrel but it is a local business so I'd rather put my money their.  Try it!
4	I haven't dined in yet, but I ordered the She Crab Soup to go. I love She Crab so when I had a taste for it I did EXTENSIVE research on where I should go.I googled and yelped "best She Crab soup charlotte, NC" and finally came to a series of reviews for Eddie's Place. Needless to say, I was sold. I ordered TWO bowls to go and drove 20 minutes to get them.It is by far some of the best I have had in NC! (SC has some great ones of course) it was creamy with nice-sized chunks of crab meat and without a super fishy smell. Well worth the price and drive!Side note: the staff was very welcoming and friendly!You're welcome.
4	One of the best breakfast spots in Charlotte!   Omelets are perfect and the hash browns are great.  Coffee is just ok, but the good will get your mind off of that.  Make sure to get the creole sauce on the side with your omelet, delicious addition!
5	Been coming here for years and never left unhappy. Great breakfast selection and one of the best prime rib specials every Tuesday night. Great atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious food. Eddies place never disappoints!
4	We have only ever been here for breakfast, but it is always excellent!  The service is always attentive and friendly (Jesse is awesome, BTW) and the food is always delicious! We especially love their Home Fries.  Prices are reasonable, too.
5	2e recently moved to Charlotte and were in the area. I trusted Yelp and it was just as great as the reviews were. We had breakfast. I had the Waffle Breakfast! What ever you do say Yes to the Apple Cinnamon Butter with it! It was so good. My bf had the steak and eggs! Steak was a tad bit dry but would try it again! Service was great and on top of things. Host even open the door for us on the way out. They also have a full bar. Can't wait to go back!
3	Went here on a Sunday morning and parking is terrible. There were people waiting but turnover was quick. Selection was good but taste was mediocre maybe a bit more. Portions were good. I would eat here again in pinch but for a couple of dollars more Cafe Monte is a much better pick.
3	I've been eating at this establishment for years - and I've never really had anything to write about. It's just your normal, run-of-the-mill, neighborhood restaurant/bar. Nothing fancy, nothing nasty - just...that place. Until we dined there for brunch last weekend.I am taking away stars for service. Drives me crazy when a server walks away before I've finished ordering. I know they're crazy busy (and...quite frankly, a little understaffed), but interrupting me mid-sentence and then walking away before I'm done is...well - just rude. And someone should really train the hostesses that getting people seated is a priority, but double and triple seating their staff does nobody any good, and just creates the perfect storm of crazy for an already slammed server.But, enough about that...let's talk about FOOD!! (My favorite!) Eddie's, as I've mentioned, has always been that mediocre place. The last place we think of for dinner. Lately, however, things have shifted. The food isn't so mediocre anymore. In fact, they've got some parmesan cheese grits that I might have an addiction to. They really seemed to have stepped up the quality. They've added variety, flavor and...seems like, freshness. I'm impressed Eddies! We will be stopping by for dinner soon. And...you know what? I'm looking forward to it. Love it when great things happen in my hood!
5	OH. MY. GOODNESS!Breakfast was fantastic. Quick. Friendly. Served exactly the way I ordered it. And tasted wonderful. What can I say. Ordered 3 egg omelette and it was great, extra well done as I asked for. Hash browns cooked perfectly. Biscuit to die for. I live an hour away but sure hope to be back...and soon!Highly recommend.
5	This is, hands down, one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte for breakfast. Every time I have been here I have been beyond pleased about my experience. Food, service, atmosphere, prices are all outstanding. I would recommend this place to anyone.
