4	I was in town visiting and I decided to go get a pedicure before I hit the mall next door. The staffs were super nice and conversational. It was large, airy and clean. Spa chairs were extra comfy and I almost fell asleep while getting my feet massage. I got white French tips where I could tell they use quality polish where it didn't chip till about 2 weeks later. Unlike some other nail salons where they use cheap polish and it chips the next day. Great service!
5	Absolutely love going here!!  Everyone is amazing!
5	Brought my Mom to get her nails done. She is happy, because they did a great job, and the staff is very nice. They also had a discount coupon on their website  which didn't hurt. (Hey, I am going to treat my Mom and save money... why not?) haha My Mom has been here before and has liked this location. We thought that they remodeled the salon, from our last visit. But, my Mom found out that they have a new owner. My Mom met her and she was very friendly. So, we will be back!
5	This place is under new ownership. It has been for about 2 months... I know this because mine and my moms nail lady Lindsay, that we have been going to for years, took over this shop and is now running it. :) Her husband and sister also work there with a few other awesome employess. All of them are talented and true artists. My mom and I have NEVER had more compliments on our nails. They all do great work. My mom is now driving 30 minutes one way just to go to Lindsay. Yes! She is that good. (I work close by where she opened the shop so I got lucky lol) They have tons of designs to choose from that they hand paint and they are great with designs to meet the needs of every season! They do waxing, facial massages, pedicures, manicures, gel, powder.. whatever you need. They take walk ins with little or no waiting time. Never have had a fungus or any issues like that whatsoever. The place is very clean and decorated beautifully and the massage chairs are awesome! :) Looking for top quality work from skilled professionals then this is the place! I wont go anywhere else. :)
1	Extremely disappointed with your services today!! I Took my best friend here for her birthday. We wanted to spend a fun time together both getting pedicures. We sat side by side in chairs and our pedicures began at the exact same time! The Bday girls lady rushed her pedicure so quickly, she was done in 1/2 the time mine was. Her toes looked absolutely horrible! My 3 year old little cousin could have done a better job! You should be embarassed! The worst I have ever seen:(  Anyways, A different lady that was doing the bday girls manicure completely ignored what she wanted and just did it to match her pedicure! She said "same color but a fade not french!"  Everyone heard her saying it over & over. She wanted a pink glitter fade! This is not how you do business! You dont pretend you dont understand! You listen!!  You should have fixed them, but you did it your way!!  Im not done, theres more! .... My lady made me turn off my spa chair bcuz she couldn't polish my toes with it on! WTHeck? Then you shouldn't be doing pedicures missy!! Anyways ladies, you just lost 2 good customers... plus all the ones we tell just how awful your service was today. We will never be back!!  Buyer Beware: Run!  Dont bother with this place cuz you'll just ruin your day... & the next day getting them polished elsewhere. Biggest waste of $108 I have ever spent!
1	Thought this place was going to be a good one since I read such nice reviews about it. Won't be coming back again. Even though the tech was very nice, she didn't seem to know exactly what she was doing. Probably because I have ingrown toenails so it makes it harder to get a pedicure. Never left a nail salon with a limp tho! My feet were so sore after her endless clipping that I even had to tell her to stop several times and she still wanted to keep going at it. She also didn't have full use of both hands, which I hadn't noticed til after I was almost finished. Nice people, but it was a bad experience for me at least. I shouldn't have been in pain when I left.
5	This is one of the best nail salons I have ever been to. You never feel rushed here and they take their time.  Lindsay does liquid gel which most salons don't do, the quality of the products they use are excellent. My pedicures never chip within the first two weeks. I love all the designs that they can do. They do 3D designs or any pattern you want, you just have to ask and they will do it. If you don't like it, let them know and they will be happy to change it. This salon is very clean and updated. The nail techs are always friendly and the whole staff always greets you. This salon is always busy so I recommend calling ahead so they can fit you in and you won't have to wait. The prices are great and every time I come or bring a friend, I always leave relaxed and happy.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the people at Arrowhead Nail Mall & Spa! Lindsy does a fantastic job!!
1	HORRIBLE! Got a manicure and polish started chipping after just a few hours! The worker that did manicure seemed uninterested and annoyed to be there while rushing through manicure. Overall poor experience. Will never go back
5	I love this place! I went to it once before years ago before Lindsey took over. I didn't have a good experience then. Since Lindsay has had it, it's awesome! Everyone there does a great job. Lindsay is who does my nails and she always has great ideas for me to try. I can usually get in the same day when I call. They do get busy on the weekends so I would call first. The spa pedicure chairs are awesome! They have a huge variety of nail powders, gel colors and tips. They are very clean. I've been going for a while and I've never had any problems. This is the only place I'll go to now.
5	Great staff, very friendly and attentive. Many walk-ins came and they were all attended to in a timely manner. We got gel manicures and our technicians were fast and friendly. It cost just $20 per person which I consider very affordable. A very enjoyable experience overall and we'll be back!
1	Not happy with this place whats so ever, terrible my appointment was at 515 waited 20 mintues before I was helped 3 different people did my nails. All the gel is peeling off as well and my nails are growing out the sides because they didnt do them wide enough. Then the guy that did them tells me he cant do loose glitter which I get everywhere else. Looked at me like I was a complete idiot! Really I will never go back reasonable price but not worth a dollar. Not recommended
5	Really friendly staff, great quality job on my gel mani and pedi. I will be returning! :)
1	It was ok! My nail polish is bumpy and all over the place/on my skin. Looks like a 2 year old did them. It would be nice if she listened to me when I repeatedly told her to get a certain spot with the callus remover, she kept ignoring me. She didn't even file my nails or buff them.They employees dress with shorts half an inch below their butts and their cleavage all out.On top of it all.... I had to hear the employee next to my chair give a lecture on how Christmas isn't real and the history of its origin... Enough said? I think!!!
1	They are pretty friendly but they rush you through your nails and today the man doing my fill left to go pick up his son in the middle of it! Literally left me half way through and I sat there for 15 minutes until I grabbed my keys to leave and the other lady said she would finish me.
5	Relaxing hidden gem of a nail salon . Looks much nicer than some others although from outside not nearly as spacious. The nails-professional good service quality.
5	Loved the experience! I went in for an eyebrow wax about 20 min before they closed. I was greeted as soon as I got there and only waited for about 3min. The women who did my brows was in a good mood smiled the whole time. Just all around good environment. Oh and the eyebrow wax was only $8, im big and pregnant and she told me I looked great lol I plan on going back for a mani&pedi! She gave me a menu so that I know what I want for next time :)
