4	Sunrise Taxi. Sounds so fictional. Like the taxi you'd hail in a fictitious town. Like Pine Valley. But anything with the word sun in it is appropriate for Phoenix, right?  While most of their vehicles look as though they just left a county fair smash up derby, they'll haul you around the Valley of the Sun for much cheaper than the other rides. A jaunt from Indian School to 16th St. and Bethany Home runs just under $8. While that same journey in a Discount Cab, cost close to $13. The key is find a fave driver, get his cell phone, a walla, you're an instant big shot, with a driver at your disposal. Why Britney Spears hasn't caught on to this, I'll never understand.
4	If you drink on a semi regular basis you know that cab fares can add up!  My typical 6 mile ride costs $10 with Sunrise and $14 with Discount.  From what I can tell, these cabs are all former fire chief 1980's Chevys painted white (the inside door jams are still red).They are perfect when you've been drinking and are less likely to care about the exhaust fumes and are a great option to driving drunk when you want an inexpensive cab and don't care who sees how you get home.
5	Finally, a "reputable" taxi service!  The lack of livery oversight in this city has amazed me, until today I had never taken a cab where the fares were clearly posted, along with the drivers name and badge number.  Most of the cabs I've taken are totally unscrupulous, add phantom charges to the meter, take ridiculous routes to jack up prices, the whole bit.I called Sunrise for a ride to the airport, the cab came in 10 minutes, the dispatcher called me in my apartment to let me know the cab was waiting outside.  Sure, the car itself was from 1982, but I love the old school charm, reminds me of my first car.  The driver was unbelievably nice and friendly.  Fares were clearly posted and the short ride to the airport was $10 and not the $15 or $20 I've somehow had charged to me from other companies.  I won't be using Discount Cab or any of the other dreadful cab companies ever again.
3	I was a few minutes late to be picked up by Sunrise Cab and taken to Sky Harbor on a recent Friday morning otherwise this would be a solid five star review.As others have mentioned these old-school 1980s cabs can be seen roaming the Central Phoenix streets and avenues -- but you don't see them much in other parts of town although they serve the entire Valley.Regardless, the cabbie was nice, a little rough looking, told me about his sexual conquest the night before with some barflys at Philthy Phils.  Taxicab Confessions, anyone?He also explained that Sunrise is much cheaper than Discount, Yellow and AAA, much better to work for than they are - and that they are the preferred cab service of Phoenix's gay bars.  Friendly cabbie, not so prompt service, a typical $20 cab ride that was $13.  3.5 stars for Sunrise.
3	CLOSED - When J-man lamented to me (at a bar) that Sunrise's phone number was dead I asked a bartender if he knew anything and Sunrise did in fact go out of business.  A sad day for cab riders, perhaps they should have raised their prices a bit or got some Priuses.
5	not closed
5	If your looking for some flashy cab ride somewhere, than go elsewhere.  If you are drunk bar hopping, than sunrise is the cab service for you.  From my Bikini to my house, with companies like discount, I was paying $13, with Sunrise, it's never more than $9.  Mix that in with having them take you to other bars in the area, and the difference adds up for sure.  The cabs are sweet 70s-80s Domestics reeking of cigarette smoke, and the cab drivers have all been hilarious and good spirits.  Perfect ride for a cheap night on the town!
5	If you're looking to go out, get smashed, waste all your money at the bar and have only a few bucks to get home then Sunrise Cab is for you. The fares are ridiculously cheap and that has made be a loyal customer for ever more.
4	Really nice people. One of the reviewers said they were closed.They are Not out of business. Great prices too. Much cheaper than taking an airport Cab. Unfortunately the airport has a contract with 3 cab companies and they charged $50 bucks to go to our hotel in Paradise valley. They were only $23 but we had to take the rail to the bus stop. No biggie.
5	Sunrise Cab has been my taxi service of choice for nearly three years.  They are NOT out of business.  I live in central Phoenix and regularly used them as a bus alternative while working for State of AZ.  Dispatcher always gave me follow-up call to notify me that cab was about to arrive at my home, drivers were consistently punctual, well-mannered and safety conscious. I don't mind getting a ride in a 1982 Chevy, particularly when the fare is 30-50% less than competitor taxi services.  Also, the fleet seems to be getting some newer vehicles, and the A/C and heat always worked in even the oldest taxis. Although Sunrise seems to be in downtown Phoenix mostly, I have taken them to Sky Harbor and even out to a last-minute interview up in North Scottsdale.  Driver knew her way around, had no trouble finding the new American Express offices and getting me there on time!
4	After reading the reviews, I decided to schedule a ride to the airport.  Not only were they early, their price was roughly HALF of other cab companies I've taken from the airport!  Friendly driver too.  The only reasons they are not a full five stars it that they don't accept credit cards (part of keeping their prices so low) & they won't pick up FROM the airport.  The only way is to take a shuttle and meet them at the car rental area.  I will definitely use their services again.  Save yourself some money and give them a shot!
5	The 5-star rating on the cab company is legit.  I'm always skeptical a cab company can be that good, but these guys deliver.  I called them a few days ago - I needed to be at the airport within 20 minutes of the call, and I live 15 minutes away.  These guys jumped into gear and delivered a taxi despite what I know was a challenging request for them.  They did everything right- called 1 min before arrival, driver knocked my front door, waited patiently a few minutes while I gathered my baggage and was courteous the whole way.  Exactly what a cab company should be.
4	I have taken Sunrise Cab Co a few times now and so far I have had nothing but good experiences except for one time. The cabbies are necessarily the most friendly always but its a cheap ride with no surprise charges. The cars are older but it''s cheap ride home. My average fare from Discount is $9 home from my favourite watering hole, My average with Sunrise is around $5
5	*&$% you Discount Crab. I have been a loyal customer to Sunrise Cab for about 5 years now and they have never let me down. Sometimes I wish they would get there a little more quicker but they will always give you a call when they are on their way and help you out with any bags you might have. I was giving 40-50 bucks to Discount Cab every other week until I learned about Sunrise. So my bill went from 40-50 bucks down to $30 bucks or sometime under. The drivers never give you an attitude if you want them to drive you YOUR way unlike the drivers for Discount. One driver I had from Discount cab went the long way one time purposely to make more money because I did not know the directions exactly. Well I made sure that did not happen again and had I directions the next time and did not use them anymore. A lot of drivers I talked to either used to work for Discount or came from a big city. Some of the cars can be old, like 1980's old but they are getting new cars, the fleet they have now used to be police cars. Bud is always great when I call him although he can curt sometimes but that's just his way. He always helped me when I was in some tight spots before. They only service Phoenix-mostly the metro area but they will come pick you up if they are driving you out to Chandler or to some other boonie location. Just let them know ahead of time that way you can save some money on your return trip. They will drive you out far from Phoenix because that is worthwhile for them to make the trip.
1	Worst customer srevice ever.  After over three years of loyalty, my husband and I have stopped using Sunrise Cab for good. When I inquired (very politely and calmly) about the long wait for a cab, then mentioned that this was why I wasn't using them regularly anymore, the Dispatcher (Jim) hung up on me. I called back, thinking this had been a mistake, and he was very proud of himself, acknowledging that he'd hung up on me, then did it again.  I was sure that the owner, Bud, would not be happy about this, so I called back later to speak with him. Again, I was calm - simply wanted to let him know that his dispatcher had deliberately hung up on a previously loyal customer.  Then Bud hung up on me.  I asked my husband to call - and Bud hung up on him, before he could say a word.  We're blown away, and wouldn't step foot in their cabs again to save our lives.  This is a shame, because we've always found them to be reliable and inexpensive, if slow (very very slow).  I'm amazed that a business can remain solvent in this economy when it hangs up on loyal customers who *dare* to provide a bit of feedback about something that is pretty universally recognized as a downside to their service (read the other reviews for confirmation).  I'm disappointed, but mostly because I thought we had built a strong relationship with this local company.   Silly of me.
1	Damn. Unbelievably horrible. Cab smelled like gasoline, driver appeared intoxicated, and the meter did not work. Asked the driver to let me out 1 block from my pickup.
5	This weekend was the first time I used Sunrise Cab and they were excellent both times!  Yes, the cars are older.  BUT!  The fares are cheaper, drivers are nice, very efficient, arrived on time, and called a minute before the pickup.  I am pleased with the experience and I will definitely use them next time!Note: they only take cash, but they don't mind stopping at an ATM.
1	If I can give this company zero star, that's what I'd do!We were catching a flight out from Phoenix airport on Thursday morning, I called the company on Wednesday asking if I can reserve a cab service for the next morning, the dispatcher told me to call on Thursday morning and he'll have the cab ready for me. So I called on Thursday morning at 6am to reserve the cab for 8:30am at the Hayden Ferry building on E Rio Salado Parkway in Tempe.  We were catching a flight at 9:40am.  When it was 8:35am, our cab didn't show up, so I called the company and he told me the cab is 5 minutes away, the driver will contact me.  2 minutes later, I got the call from the driver, telling me he just received the call from the dispatcher, and it will take him at least 20 minutes to get to our location, it was 8:40am then.  I called the dispatcher, he asked me where I'm going and he said: oh you'll be just fine, the airport is only 5 minutes away.  First of all, the airport is at least 10 minutes away (it actually ended up taking us almost 15 minutes to get to the airport when the cab finally came).  Second, IT'S NONE OF HIS BUSINESS TO TELL ME WHETHER I'M FINE OR NOT, I reserved the cab for 8:30am, he doesn't know where I'm going, he doesn't know whether it's urgent, the fact that it's 8:40am and the cab is 20 minutes away is UNACCEPTABLE.  So I told him we can't wait for another 20 minutes, so he got another cab that's closer to come pick us up.  The cab driver then called me and said he's 7 minutes away.  We waited for 20 minutes because he couldn't find the building and decided to just park somewhere on Rio Salado parkway and hoping that we'll show up, after a really frustrated attempt to explain to him where we were actually located, the cab is finally here.  It was 9:05am.  The cab driver told us it was his 4th day on the job, so apparently that's the reason he can't find where we were at.  If I were him, I'd invest in a GPS, or else the cab driver career probably will be short and probably not very sweet for him.We got to the airport close to 9:20am.  The cab driver asked us whether it's arrival or departure.  We were glad he checked with us vs. just take us to arrival, but we thought it's a no-brainer since we were in such a hurry and we had 3 luggages with us.  Anyways...with the combination of very efficient TSA service and a slightly delayed flight, we were able to catch our flight, but it was very very close.  We will NEVER EVER use this company again!
5	I could care less if they are chain smoking peeps in an old retired police car... here's the deal: I used them for years when I lived in downtown Phoenix. I could beebop anywhere for dirt cheap, always on time. And I never waited for too long. These guys rock. I now live in Chandler. I have to go to an event Saturday night downtown. I call Sunrise and  say, "Hey can I get one of your dudes to take me home to Chandler and if so, how much?" (They do not usually travel around Chandler.) The answer??? Yes! Of course! The cost: $36!!! Are you kidding me??? These people rock. Highly recommend.  Far from fancy dancy. But def worth their weight in gold.
1	Wow, the dispatcher picks up the phone sounding annoyed that I called, then immediately puts me on hold.  Okay fine, maybe he's working a double, I can forgive the attitude.  When he gets back on the phone, I tell him I need a ride to the airport, give him my location in Chandler, and ask for an estimate.  His reply: "I don't even know where that is".  Wow!  I then asked if he would like me to google that for him, and he said "hold on". Thats when I hung up.  If I ran a cab company, the last thing I would ever want to hear out of any of my employees mouths would be "I don't know where that is", there are plenty of other words you can use, when you don't know a specific location.  The initial attitude, I could forgive, the attitude plus outright stupidity; one single shinny gold star for you my friend.
2	I suppose I agree with the other reviewer who said something along the lines of "it's a taxi, you won't be spending your life there" in regard to the obviously old fleet this company touts. Problem is, however, on the two trips I took with them today, I was less-than-impressed with both the dispatch and drivers. First I had to be somewhere at 3pm, and I called them at about 1:30 and was told I'd have a 20 minute wait. Welp, guy never showed. Called dispatch again 5 after 3, and turns out they got my hotel number wrong. Dispatcher admitted it was his mistake, but gave a very audible F-word because of it; not that I care as I use that FRENCH too, but if I was working somewhere I sure wouldn't use that word on the phone with a customer. Anyway, when the first driver arrived his first action was to swerve through 3 lanes of oncoming traffic, again with a nice F-word and horns blaring behind us. I'm steeled on stuff like that, but my wife was terrified. Then the guy purposefully overshoots our first stop in an obvious move to get more meter time. I was feeling smart today, so I called them again and gave them a second chance on my trip back to the hotel. The second guy seemed a bit more competent at drivin', at least, but he went around his elbow to get to his hind in getting us to the hotel, so I just had him drop us off at a nearby intersection and walked it out. I don't recommend these guys, but I'm sure most other taxi companies/drivers are about the same, so who knows?
5	First off people, this is a ghetto cab service in/around downtown phoenix it's your own fault if you don't know that. If you call them from Chandler, Scottsdale, or elsewhere far because you are too cheap to pay for Discount/Yellow/Clean Air (the cabs that have 300 cars on the road, not 7) then don't complain. This is Sunrise, not a limo service. There's a reason why they will get you somewhere for 1/2 of what discount charges. When I lived in the Biltmore area I used these guys almost exclusively. The dispatcher recognized my number and had almost memorized my routine and knew where I was going at what time on any given day almost. Yes the cars are dirty, I don't really care since I'm in a cab for maybe 15 minutes at most. Yes the drivers might look a little iffy, get them talking and you can have some of the most interesting conversations and hear some very funny stories.
1	Welp, a month in Phoenix and nothing changed here. I only called Sunrise again because the first cab company I called didn't answer, and I figured "Oh, what the heck. Sunrise is cheaper and I have to go from Central PHX to freakin' W Union Hills in Glendale, so I might save anyway." Big mistake, cowpoke.Taxi got here promptly, but other than that everything went downhill. The driver seemed confused about the destination, but he had a GPS and entered it into it. Well, first he starts the wrong way (and I clearly hear the GPS say "turn left" and he gets in the right lane nearing a light). So, I say something and he goes "I know it said turn left" as he heads straight. He stops, obviously confused, at the nearest gas station and starts fiddling with the device some more. I ended up just entering the address in my phone's GPS and giving him every little direction there. It was like talking to a child "No...no, THIS exit." I just don't get how a person who is driving a taxi can be so navigationally challenged, even *with* a GPS device. If I take a taxi, I just want to say where I'm going and not have to worry about it.If you want to pay to do half the taxi work and be stressed, call up Sunrise TODAY!
1	Worst cab ride, car and driver EVER!  I could have overlooked the old car,even the duck tape holding the door on, after all it is inexpensive, but as soon as we get in he says he needs a gas station.  We run out of gas at the station.  The air conditioning did not work, not cool for Phoenix.  Driver could not stay in the lanes, did not have a clue where to go, nearly crashed at the 7th street exit off the 17, not sure why he was trying to take it anyway, car sounded like it was going to siege up when he accelerated.  A moron driver, an unsafe car does not offset the cheap cost.  The only good thing is we made it alive.  Discount, we learned our lesson, thanks for taking us home.
4	Prices are reasonable! Cabs are not bad.
1	We were 4 miles from the airport on a Sunday with no traffic and one road to the airport. As soon as we entered the cab the driver asked if he can go any route. We responded the shortest route. The driver proceeded to take us on an 8.5 mile out of the way long route. What tipped me off was getting on the highway going directly in the opposite direction of the airport. A few miles into it, we called him on it, he got nervous and pulled out in front of 50mph oncoming traffic on the off ramp while at a red light. On top of that, the car he had was a piece of junk, literally. Torn up seats, dirty, stains, etc. I do NOT recommend this cab company, or would even entertain using them myself again.
1	Unbelievably poor service. Was picked up by a cab driver who asked to be payed up front. When I told him no he kicked me out of his cab on the side of the road well out of my way. Not only that, but he insulted my intelligence repeatedly. Will never use this service again and warn anyone thinking of using them to seek transportation elsewhere.
4	Cheap fares ($1.50/mile), friendly drivers who will hold a solid conversation if you're into that, and although not pretty - clean - cars make Sunrise my only choice for a cab in Phoenix. I have dealt with Steve and Adam, who were both right on time to pick me up and called when they arrived. Super nice guys. Both seemed to enjoy their jobs and told me that the owners are pretty great, so I'm all about supporting a company that treats it's employees well. Way to be, Sunrise. Thumbs up.
1	Called the phone number listed here on yelp.  20 rings, no answer.  Gave up.  If a taxi company doesn't answer their phone, they're not worth the trouble.
1	I literally just off the phone with an a$$ that said he doesn't provide service where I am and hung up on me before I could say anything. That was the rudest business phone call I've ever had.
5	There's a oil commercial where the guy retires an old cop car , tags it as a taxi, and says it's ready for another 200k miles,  well these cabs look like they've done 3x that,  but they deliver and cheaply at that;  aesthetics take a back seat to great customer service at reasonable rates.When I called for a pickup at the West side of town, the dispatcher said it would be about 20-25 since he didn't have anyone in the area. Sure enough,   I get a courtesy call from the driver who says he's around the corner 20 minutes later. My driver, Oz( who of course will be herein dubbed Ozzy in homage to The Great Bathead Eater),  was an awesome conversationalist who made time fly, and even stopped by the bank for me so I could deposit a check. Before you know it,  I reached my destination.I saved these guys' phone number in case I ever get a few too many at a bar, I can call them ,  pass out and drool(don't go "ewww" , you know you do it too) on the back seat and know that I will get home safetly.A++
