3	Located in the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the far end of the Las Vegas strip, China Inn is over-priced "Chinese" food. The decor is very hip and has a twinge of Chinese flair. The bathrooms are kind of awesome. They have individual television screens in the pod like shaped rooms-- it almost feels like you are inside an ipod. But I digress, we're here for the food. This restaurant is not a traditional Chinese restaurant-- and I get that. That said it is not designed for sharing with your friends and fam. I ordered the fried rice and man it was not tasty at all. I think I was blinded by the exotic ingredients like Japanese Citruses. While, I can appreciate the effort, the main dishes were not so good. This restaurant's saving grace is the dessert menu-- I would only recommend you going there for dessert. The Creme Brule that I had was tropical flavored with passion fruit mixed in somewhere.
3	While their food is nothing to write home about, their bathrooms should draw a crowd.  If you get a chance, sneak into this place for their bathrooms!  They're pods!!!  White, tv filled pods!  Their food is overpriced, but the place is beautiful (not worth it still).  Their desserts are good so stop by for a citrus creme brule and a quick pit stop.  There's a bathroom attendent (points you to a bathroom while sitting down).
5	I ate at Fleur de Lys and also Restaurant rm, but China Grill was my favorite!  Special was an amazing sea bass with risotto..the appetizers we enjoyed the most were the crab cakes and lobster pancakes.. Each bite more delicious than the last!
3	We ended up here because we had a large group and didn't have a lot of time for dinner, but surprisingly the food was pretty good, especially the calamari salad and the grilled salmon.  I guess these days every hotel in Vegas has to have a trendy Asian fusion place with groovy bathrooms.  The ones here are like really upscale porta-potties or large airplane bathrooms with high ceilings, with tiny little LCDs playing music videos.  Tao is more fun and has a cooler atmosphere, but I think I liked the food better here.
3	For a 'mid range' restaurant, it was really expensive - total tab for 2 came out to $120, which included a really bad bottle of white.  Oh well, I guess it is Vegas after all, where you can't expect to pay less than $50 per person for 'mediocre' food.
4	China Grill is a rather enjoyable place.  They have well styled decor and their meals are rather enjoyable if not spectacular.  One thing that is very important to do is remove the idea of chinese food from your head.  Most people have so many preconcieved notions that it will ruin the experience (and may make you confused when the bill arrives).I was pleased by the balance of their meals and they put great care into blending the tastes.  The straight-asian style modern cuisineWhat's good-decor, non "chinese" menu, fresh clean linen mmmmThe slap-not really worth going out of your way for.
5	Go to use their cool bathroom tents.Stay to have their air-fried spinach.
4	Like everything in Vegas - it's lavish, it's decadent and it looks beautiful.  I love the decor of the place.  Did you know it's bathroom was featured in a Top 10 list of coolest bathrooms on the Travel Channel?  You walk through a wall of beads to get to the bathroom, every bathroom is it's own mini room complete with television that appears in the wall when you close the door behind you. It's not an actual tv - it's more like it's a screen being projected onto the wall in front of you.  It's so cool. I recommend ordering several dishes and sharing with your entire table.
4	Love it. Went to the China Grill in Miami and those two visits were in my top ten dinners of all time. A visit here is also in the top 10. Always creative and with good sized portions. Try the coconut ice cream for dessert. amazing what they can do with sugar! for dinner..eat ANYTHING. trust me. I think i've had the whole menu already. I really like their meats... the tenderloin with ? sauce was excellent. ask if they substitute it with rib eye? they did this once in miami (ran out of tenderloin) and it was even better! the one flaw..the drink size was really small for the price! i ordered a simple mango mojito (sp) and it came with about 4 oz of liquor. LOL needless to say, i only ordered one drink...i was afraid how small the next one would be. in vegas, best to order a beer..at least you know what you're going to get for the money ;)also, the bathroom are incredible... BUT one question... how often do they clean that chain curtain going into and out of the bathroom??many people don't wash their hands and EVERYONE HAS to touch that chain curtain to come in and out of the bathrooms... to avoid touching it... i used my shoulder! LOL i looked funny but i just couldn't see touching it on the way out! Enjoy!
5	I've eaten at China Grill several times.  I always enjoy the food and service.  The food is modern Chinese with a flare. The portions are perfect and the flavors are wonderful.  I always get the steak dish with the onion rings (I forget the name of the dish).  I would highly recommend if you are in the Vegas area.  Food is pricey, but worth it.The bathroom is also pretty cool.
4	5 star atmosphere, 3 star food, 4 star drinking makes this a 4 star overall experience.I went here with a large group of colleagues for dinner and drinks.  We ordered almost one of everything on the menu.  My favorite, by far, was the Drunken Chicken.  Everything else was so-so for my taste, although everyone else seemed to enjoy the food.The bar area was nice, normal selection of top shelf liquors that one expects in Vegas, bartenders were quick and poured stiffly.  And after you pound down a few cocktails, head off to the bathroom for a real treat:  Some of the coolest bathrooms that I have ever seen.  I don't want to ruin the surprise, just go.
4	Tasty Americanized Chinese food in a grand setting.
4	The food and drinks were so delicious here, much better than PF Changs. We came here in a party of eight for my bachelorette party and they were wonderful about accomodating dietary requests. Everything we ordered tasted great. Service was excellent. The bathrooms are a little weird...but it's all part of the Vegas experience, I guess.
4	friendly & helpful staffexcellent food & great presentationpricy considering the types of ingredients that were used...yummy complimentary chocolate-covered fortune cookies were a hit...
3	Initially I thought this place was really good because I was ravenous when I came for a late night dinner here. However, now that I think about it, it was just alright. There's only so much you can expect from a Chinese fusion place and at least the waiters warned us that it wouldn't be authentic. Fun environment and good drinks. Just don't come here expecting a real Chinese meal.
4	Definitely not Chinese food, or even asian really.. but still enjoyable.The restaurant was beautiful and the service was flawless.  This is a family style restaurant, so keep that in mind before you go.We had the shortribs appetizer which was pretty good, but every time Ive had shortribs (all over)  I cant help but think of my mother's, which have yet to be topped.  I look forward to this fad being over.We had the Duck Two Ways for our entree.  I thought it was delicious.Cocktails were all delicious and they have quite a few strong ones to choose from.
2	Amazingly this place had a vegan/vegetarian menu.Unfortunately at China Grill, vegetarian equals bland. The only item I truly enjoyed was the baby lettuce salad, dressing was good, anything with heart of palm and artichoke is usually a fav.
4	Perfect place to dine "family style" with a big group.  Our group of 8 ordered practically half the menu!  Portions are adequate, though some (like the Kobe Beef Tartar, a favorite at the table) could've been just a bit bigger.  The 2 standouts for me were the Lobster Pancakes and the Grilled Garlic Shrimp.  Service was excellent, very attentive in just the right doses.Everything on the specialty cocktail menu looked divine.  I opted for the Lychee Mojito.  To.  Die.  For.
5	i love this place its a great place to eat late! the atmosphere is incredible and the food is amazing.. my favorite thing is the kobe beef tartar.. the service was great and they were quick as well.. i'll definitely do it all over again soon!
4	I make sure to stop for dinner at the China Grill every time I am in Las Vegas.  I appreciate that the staff are very upfront about it being a Chinese fusion restaurant.  The duck salad and long green beans is to die for!  I have always had wonderful and very attentive service.  I'm not a seafood fan, but I've been there enough to hear other patrons wave about the lobster.  Bring your appetites!  It is very easy to over order if there are only two or three people.  The portions are huge.  The last couple of times there were only two of us.  The duck salad and skirt steak did us in.  (They usually will recommend a vegetable too).  Their dessert are a must try.  Delicious!!!  The chocolate fortune cookies add a little class to the end of a fantastic meal.  I saw on a Las Vegas rating show that the bathrooms were rated #1 in Vegas.  (This is huge for someone like me who has a public restroom phobia!!!).  They are unique and always clean.  I always send people back there to check them out.  You can't leave the restaurant without seeing them.  I guess they have become another 'free' attraction!
3	It's decent Chinese food, meant for sharing.  If you're in a party of 4 or more, then it's worth a visit.  My faves are the duck fried rice, the steak with massive thin onion rings on top and the short ribs.  They also do a great stir-fried asian vegetable [not bok choy, but some bitter leafy veg].  Service was friendly but it's a little too dark to read the menu in there.
5	I can't believe we never tried this place for all the times we've been to vegas! It is soooo good! I think we had the same server as L.M., because our server looks like Prince Harry too! Just a bit thinner and taller, not that I've seen PH in real life, ha. Anyways, PH was very friendly and non pushy. He told us just order 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and 2 sides, should be enough for the 6 of us. So we ordered the lobster pancake, 2 orders crabcake with pineapple tomatillo, duck two ways, and braise beef ribs w/ mashed wasabi potatoes, duck fried rice and veggie fried rice. The lobster pancake was absolutely worth every penny of the $32. we can see large chunks of lobsters, it came wrapped in a crepe lookalike. The crabcake was perfect, I never had crabcakes that are a bit panfried crunchy before, and there was no filler used , so the only thing you can see is the pure whiteness of the meat. Perfect. ($28 for 3) Duck two ways - half the duck is cooked on a skewer with chocolate sauce on top, theother is served in  a bowl , cooked in a soy sauce dressing with lots of veggies ($39). Although the choc. sauce was good, I rather have the duck plain , it was already very flavorful. The other half in soy sauce was quite salty, maybe that's why it came with some crepe lookalike again, to offset the saltiness. The beef ribs was fantastic ($38), meat so soft you don't have to chew, the mashed potatoes was a hit at the table, and the portion was big. I was really hoping to see what they have to offer for dessert, but we were all just too stuffed to even look at the menu. A couple next table ordered the $99 lobster for two cooked shanghai way, the platter was about 2 1/2 dinner plate big. Next time I shall conquer that.
5	Revisited the China Grill last weekend during a trip to Las Vegas.  We tried the 'new" Sampling Menu.  It's a little pricey at $72.00 per person but soooo worth it.  The food again comes in family style servings.  Way to much food to eat with a total of six dishes.  The sampling menu gave me the opportunity to try different dishes as I normally end up ordering the same thing most times.  The Cesar Salad rocked.  It has cashews and crisp won tons instead of croutons.  It's my new favorite salad and going to make it for the next time I entertain!I still love the China Grill.  Kudos also to the lychee mojitos.
3	I had a meeting at the Bay and afterward I was starved.  Rather than go back to my hotel, I decided to check out one of the Chinese restaurants at the Bay.    My first choice, Shanghai Lilly, was closed so I walked across the hall to China Grill.  It was very good.  But it was also very expensive and the portion sizes didn't do much for me either.  Overall, I won't go back but if you're there, it's not a bad option.
4	China Grill has amazing food. It is a fine dining experience. Expect small portions at a steep price. Feel free to dress up, or dress down. This place is a cozy little hot spot with beautiful decor, and waiters!The bathrooms are worth paying general admission to use. TVs and everything!!I felt like a movie star when I was there. The service is superb and the food top-notch. Recommendations:Appetizer- Lamb spare ribs Dinner: Drunken chicken
4	I was happy that we chose to eat here for dinner a few weeks ago. Since we had to catch a show at 8pm, we came here around 6 and so we were in time for the fixed menu, which is between 5 and 7pm. There were five of us and it is $39 per person for 2 apps, 3 entrees and 3 desserts. I thought there wouldn't be enough food for all of us but surprisingly the portions were large and we couldn't even finish off our dessert! All of the dishes were good, esp. the cesar salad which is done with an asian flair. The only negative is that it is so dark in there that I could hardly see my food!
5	Love love love this place. It is a little pricey, but well worth it. This place is family style, so everything is made to be shared. We had the Crackling Calamari Salad, the lime miso sauce went great with it.We also had their Grilled Szechuan Beef and Korean Kalbi Rib-eye. Both came out great and the potato sides that came with it were yummy too. A couple months before, I ordered the Pan Seared Spicy Tuna which also tasted great. And for their sides we had duck fried rice, wok sauteed vegetables and wasabi mashed potatoes. Everything that came out was cooked perfectly and very filling. The wait staff were great also. Only complaint would be that their mix drinks weren't so good. =(
5	Just cant fault it, its amazing!! Had the  classics tasting menu which was:chefs amuse bouche- that night beefTri-Star salad -caeser, calamari, chicken 5starsAppetizers- spicy beef dumplings,lobster pancakeschefs intermezzo- a shot glass with champagne with a blob of strawberry sorbet -amazing  5 starsEntree course- szechuan beef,garlic shrimp and crispy spinachSides- fried rice and wasabi mash potatoesChocolate cake for dessert all for $67service and drinks also out ofthis world try there cucumber mojito.
4	My husband and I go here almost every time we are here (except this trip, when we stayed at Encore and stayed on this end of the strip), and we love the meal every time. The service is quick and reliable, as is the food. One time we had our usual lamb spareribs, unusual & delicious, and they were a bit on the fatty side; the next time we went we mentioned this to the waiter, who proceeded to bring us the perfect plate of unfatty spareribs. We also love the duck salad with crunchy noodles and a citrus dressing. I am not a big fan of eating Daffy, but this salad is fantastic. Except for the occasional special, which may take you by surprise (e.g., we ordered a lobster special that was a bit more than we'd expected, but, hey, it was lobster, so we knew it wouldn't be cheap), the other thing we like about China Grill is that we always get out for under $100, which, for a good restaurant in Vegas that isn't a buffet, feels like a bargain. There is a reason why we always go back!
3	This is a pretty good Asian-fusion restaurant. I can't say its the best I've ever had, and you can certainly find much better restaurants in Las Vegas and specifically at Mandalay Bay but I definitely enjoyed my meal here. The actual restaurant is really cool - the decor is unique and beautiful - they have very cool lighting fixtures that give the atmosphere an industrial but romantic edge. The main dining area is domed with very cool blue lighting that gives a ripple and wave effect to the ceiling. I could stare up at it all night. The service here was also very good. Our waitress was helpful and gave great recomendations on food and wine options. I came here with a group - which was perfect as the portions here are meant for family style dining - and we had a really great meal. As appetizers we actually ordered a few of the side dishes: the avocado salad fried rice and the cripsy spinach (which I HIGHLY recommend). All our entrees were also very good: BBQ Salmon, the drunken chicken and the grilled szechaun beef. The desserts were also quite good - especially the trio of creme brulees. All in all, if you're looking for a moderately priced place to diner with a large group then this is a good option.
2	Took my husband to see Elton John for his birthday and after the concert we had reservations to China Grill.  Restaurant was recommended by a friend  and the majority of yelp viewers seem to enjoy it.We were very disappointed.  Loved the fusion part; but, sadly the food overall was too rich and salty.  Had the tasting menu and yes you do get a lot of food after your first appetizer, but, definitely not quality with the exception of the first appetizer, which I believe, was a small crab ball.  We only got one each.THREE SALADS- caesar, okay; but, covered in too much dressing- calamari, just okay - too salty- chicken, just okay, nothing specialSPICY BEEF DUMPLINGS- the beef wasn't the best quality and they were sitting in way too much soy sauce.  They also weren't that spicy.  I have had better dumplings, in general, from Trader Joe's.LOBSTER PANCAKES- these were okay; but, then again too much sauce which drowns out whatever flavors you are suppose to taste and they were soggyA HOT GLASS WITH CHAMPAGNE AND A BLOB OF STRAWBERRY SORBET- can't really remember what this tasted like but it wasn't anything specialSZECHUAN BEEF GARLIC WITH SHRIMP- this dish had pretty good flavor, but, again the overabundance of sauce that it sat in made the dish too rich.  The first few bites were good and then your taste buds realize it is too rich and you have trouble eating more of it.CRISPY SPINACH- tasty but need to eat them hot or they get oilyFRIED RICE- blandWASABI MASH POTATOES- Just okay, a bit too dry.  Needed more moisture.CHOCOLATE CAKE- pretty good.  Not too sweet.I know after reading this review, readers will think well she has a pretty plain pallate.  I assure you, I don't.  I can eat very spicy and rich food if it is done right.  With two drinks and 2 tasting menus plus gratuity we ended up paying over $200.00.  You can get a lot better for your money.  Trust me - don't waste your money.  If you want something similar and better go to PF Chang's.  They do a much better job of fusion and do not bombard the food with too much sauce and salt.  I only rated the food.
3	Overrated and overpriced (grain of salt - it's Vegas).  My rundown of the dishes, which were somewhat uneven:-Chicken salad was pretty good, but unexciting.-Soy glazed steak was tasty, and the tempura shitakes accompanying it were very good.-Barbecued salmon was a disappointment - it was way overcooked and dry.There are many better restaurants for the price in Vegas, where the service measures up (it felt amateurish). And really, if you're looking for Asian Fusion, head to Tao in the Venetian - better food and cooler vibe.
4	It's difficult to impress a Chinese person with "fancy" Chinese food; it either end up tasting like Panda Express (no offense, I do crave orange chicken sometimes), or just overpriced dish you can get at an average Chinese restaurant for half or third of the price (shrug)China Grill was fantastic when I went, majorly due to the person i was with (wink)  anyway, back to what I ate and what I think about them =)Spicy Beef & Scallion Dumplings - the beef was dry for dumpling standard, boohoo, skip itCrispy Spinach - so incrediably tasty and very fun to eat!Lobster Mashed Potato - how often can you find this dish on a menu? its all so velvety, buttery and melt-in-your-mouth like, yum yum yum =)Sweet Soy Marinated Skirt Steak - flavorful and tender, highly recommandedPan Seared Spicy Tuna - cooked and seasoned to perfection, impressive!and the sweet finish...Banana in a Box - what's that you wonder? its a 4-walled rectangular box about half a foot high made of hardened carmel, and filled with warm bananas and carmel cream, drizzelled with more carmel n chocolate (of course).  super delish!Fancy Chinese restaurant such as this one is worth the $$$$ and dress up for after all =)
4	Had a large group dinner at China Grill after a party at Red Square.  It was an expense account evening, so extravagance was the order of the day.  There were eight of us and we ate A LOT.Appetizers were the tempura sashimi, lamb ribs, crab cakes and dumplings. All were quite tasty and they went fast.  For entrees, we each ordered an entree, but they insisted on serving us family style...so everyone was sampling each others dinner.A bit of a snafu when it came to my order.  I asked for the butterfish (with a miso sauce) but was told that they were out.  I then ordered the salmon.  I waited and waited...and no salmon.  I finally flagged our waiter and he went to check.  Then he sheepishly came back and told me that they were out of the salmon...NOT the butterfish.  So, I got butterfish after all..much to the chagrin of one of my mates who also wanted the butterfish and settled for a vegetarian foodfest. Service was good...ambiance was okay.  We had the loudest group in Las Vegas at the next table.  They were shouting and laughing so loud, we couldn't hear our conversation.One final word about the bathrooms.  Check them out....you go through a beaded curtain and then you find like five white pyramids.....each contains a bathroom.  Strange. So, a decent meal, solid Asian fusion cuisine.  Good for a group and very tasty.
3	$40 for 6 spicy beef dumplings and two Sapporo's!  During Happy Hour!  Insane.  We did enjoy it though and we were in Vegas on our first vacation together in years so we were splurging.  The dumplings are decent in size and R absolutely loved them.  I thought they were alright but I was almost more fond of the salad that they were served with.  I think I've had better dumplings before.  I guess to ease the sticker shock of your meal you receive two pork and vegetable potstickers "compliments of the chef" after you place your order.  They were delicious.  The Sapporos were good too!  It was definitely a cool spot but not for the thrifty.  The bartender was nice, attentive guy.  I thought the community table they had was a cool idea, basically you share an enormous table with 14-16 strangers rather than be seated at an individal table.  The ambiance and style of the restaurant is cool and sexy, this is a place to go for a romantic evening.I'd try this place for dinner if I had some extra cash burning a hole in my pocket...
1	I don't get it. I think China Grill is suppose to be exotic dining destination for the Panda Express crowd and fine dining for PF Chang's Bistro followers, but that in itself is another problem.  The first clue should have been when I spied sushi on the menu of a restaurant named "China Grill", um, China, not Japan, however since the food is categorized as "Asian fusion" and after several drive-by's of the Miami Beach location, where it always appears to be hopping, we decided to give the Las Vegas location a try. Overall, it was a very uneventful and boring meal, which consisted of beef dumplings starters, a green salad, which had no hints of Asian spice or flavor and an entree of sliced beef, which tasted no more than grilled beef with soy sauce. Given the outrageous prices charged for all the menu items, of which I would have not have had an issue with if each of the appetizers and entrees had been prepared with more creativity, I think most guests would be better off going to an actual Chinese or Asian food restaurant over this unimaginative restaurant.
3	I went with a group so the menu was preordered so I didn't get to choose. The dishes were hit or miss, the ones that were good were really tasty, the ones that were bad I can't even remember.The beef dumplings were incredibly tasty - usually they are just doughy globs.  The caesar salad, although an odd choice for a chinese restaurant, was good - I liked the addition of the wontons and cashews which gave it a nice crunch.  Obviously not traditional but a nice spin, as always too much dressing but......There was a beef dish with asian slaw - the slaw was fried to make it crunchy which was nice accompanying the beef.The chicken dish was forgettable - really I don't remember except there were hunks of chicken. The leeche martini was so over the top sweet and then the glass rimmed with sugar - I think I went into diabetic shock on this alone.
5	China Grill was one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!!!!  The waitress was really nice, the food was unbelievable and the drinks were tasty!  Ordered the duck two ways, lobster mashed potatoes and lychee martini...OMG...flavor explosion in my mouth.  AMAZING!I will be back every time I come to Vegas!
4	The 3.5 average yelp rating is about right for this place! I'm nice though, so I'll round up..Service was inconsistent. We had managers coming by our table every minute to ask how things were, but we had to ask THREE people for freaking soy sauce, and it ended up being a 15 minute ordeal. Then they accidentally took it away between courses.. another 3 people and 15 minutes were required to return it. Soy sauce shouldn't be this difficult people!Drinks: Seriously terrible, as in the worst drinks I've had in awhile. There were 3 of us and we all ordered various drinks (mojito, vodka drink, martini) all just royally sucked. however, I do feel bad counting this against them as the manager did ask how the drinks were and I just said they were fine.. I should have said "they suck!". Food: The fried sashimi was very eh, so I was worried about our entrees. Luckily these saved the day! We had the soy marinated skirt steak, the duck 2 ways, and the duck fried rice. It was all heavenly. The steak was super tender, the duck was fab, and the duck fried rice was a hearty portion and full of duck for $12. Bill was $200 with tax/tip for 3 people. I'd skip the whopping $45 in drinks next time! The entrees are pricey, but they are well portioned. Not a bad spot to hit up if you're craving asian food in the MBay.
4	AMAZINGLY delicious rolls!I recently stayed at Mandalay Bay and this is one of the restaurants located in this hotel. Beautiful decor, very trendy and modern. I definitely couldn't tell I was in a sushi place. The service was alright, but it was really the food that was over the top. I ordered the Volcano Roll and the Red Dragon roll. The presentation of the food is gorgeous, more like art. Not to mention yummy!The strange thing about this place was the bathrooms. Why I pay close attention to bathrooms in places I'll never know. But this place had the stalls set up like separate pods, alien like. And they're individual stalls with TVs playing music videos, etc. It was very oddly set up. None the less it was very nice, but just very odd.
4	After eating at a buffet for lunch, we were looking for a lighter meal.  We weren't consciously looking for anything expensive, but had happened to end up in Mandalay Bay with a very tired 3 year old.  The menu at China Grill caught our eye because they provided half plates and the food looked interesting.  We decided that ordering an appetizer and an entree to share wouldn't be too expensive and ducked in.  Despite the place being really too nice to bring a 3 year old in, it actually worked out.  A sippy cup of juice, low lighting, and a quiet restaurant worked their charm and he was out like a light, allowing us to eat a very, nice meal in peace.  We ordered the pork belly appetizer and the duck two ways.  I had never had pork belly before and this was delicious (although I don't think I will order another one for a few years!).  It came with two salads, watermelon and avocado. Delicious.  The duck two ways was obviously inspired by Peking duck and was supplied with delicious little crepes to roll our duck in.  Very, very good.  Loved the chocolate-orange sauce. We also shared a cucumber mojito, which was a very refreshing drink.  All in all, we were very pleasantly surprised by the food.  The only problem was the price.  Half orders of one appetizer, menu item, one cocktail and juice came out to about $60!  A little too expensive for us, but the food was memorable.
4	Wow, it's all good!!! What salads and sea bass.. Love it always!!!
4	7 friends and I went on a Saturday night for a late meal.  I rate this restaurant at a consistent 4 stars.  It's pricey, but hey, it's Vegas, and you certainly get what you pay for.  Our service was great and the food was savory and left us satisfied.Overall:  4 starsfood:  4 starsservice:  4 starsambiance:  4 starsThis was all of our first time to China Grill and our waiter was very helpful.  The restaurant is family style, which was great because we all got to try so many dishes.  We took our waiter's recommendation and ordered 4 appetizers and 5 entrees.  He doubled some of the appetizer orders so that we would have enough for us to share.For me, that appetizers were the best part of the meal.  If I were to go back, I might just order lots of appetizers!AppetizersTempura Sashimi - the tempura was light and crispyLobster Pancakes - 5 stars - pricey, but the best dish of the nightCurried Chicken Satay - I think the weakest of the appetizers we triedKobe Beef Tartar - excellent, 5 stars - the tartar was very tasty and smoothEntreesWild Mushroom Profusion Pasta - ehh, it's just pasta and mushroomsCurry Miso Butterfish - great sauce and flavor, but didn't notice any curryDuck Two Ways - just wished there was more!Char Siu Baby Back Pork Ribs - great flavorMoroccan Lamb Ossobuco
3	OMG, can I just say "Kobe Beef Tartare"! Yum, that was really the best part of my meal. The service was decent but the prices were a little steep. We had a large group and were able to try out a fair amount of the menu. This was everyone's first time, not sure if we will all be back though... maybe just for the Kobe Tartare!
4	Went there for NYE.  Service was very good and the food was great. Make sure to order the callimari salad.
5	From the moment we walked in until the moment we left, this place was fantastic.  Hosted a business dinner here, and the wait staff was amazing.  Everything they recommended was amazing.  All seafood was great, but so were the non-seafood dishes.  Must have's:Ginger Creme Brulee.  Wow, that's all I could say.  Lobster Mash Potatoes - nuf saidGrilled Garlic Shrim
4	We went to China Grill last week and I was one of the only ones in our group that hasn't been to China Grill. Our group ordered the crackling calamari salad, tempura tuna sashimi and spicy beef and scallion dumplings. I only ate the dumplings as I'm not a huge fan of calamari or tuna. The dumplings were OK. I've had better dumplings at other restaurants. However, I know the table absolutely loved the calamari salad and the sashimi. I also ordered the ginger mojito, which was delicious. The fresh ginger had a nice bite to it. I ordered the half portion of sake marinated "drunken" chicken (ponzu sauce, sweet crispy onions and Asian slaw). My dish was incredible - the chicken was crispy on the outside and tasty on the inside and I devoured the crispy onions and the Asian slaw. I sat next to someone who ordered the char siu baby back pork ribs (jicama-Napa cabbage slaw and apple crisps) and she was kind enough to share. The ribs were OK, but the slaw and apple crisps were amazing.
3	First off, this restaurant isn't bad. The service we got was excellent. The food quality to me though is a little worse than expected. i feel that the chef didn't let the food speak for itself and just was a little heavy on the sauces. We did the little bit of everything on the menu family style. We started with a raw tuna atop of a potato chip and zucchini. It was interesting - the flavors didn't clash, but I didn't find anything from it that particularly stood out. It was okay. The salads - one of them was chicken, one was just some sort of veggie and another was calamari. I felt the chicken tasted too much like sesame oil and the veggie one just tasted too much like soy sauce. I didn't really taste too much else. Beef dumplings were quite good. They were unique and tasty. The fried spinach was interesting - they were almost like spinach chips. Wasabi mashed potatoes? I think I've had those before elsewhere, but I'm just not into the flavor. The fried rice was quite good. I think it tasted like fried rice you can get at a lot of places, but it wasn't overly seasoned. There was a garlic shrimp dish with a fettuccine - it was quite good. I'm not that into pastas as they are a bit too buttery for me. I think this was the case here, but it's not any worse than going to a nice Italian restaurant and getting pasta. The dessert was good - a cream cheese potsticker. I thought it was excellent - I expected much worse considering what the potsticker skins taste like. I don't think I'll go back again, especially if it's on my own dime. I wouldn't rate this place any better than PF Chang's. The service however, was excellent.
3	so being asian, this review will be helpful:)we took some of my family here (about 10-13 of us) and the food was really overpriced. dont get me wrong, it was pretty good, but not great. the bill equaled to over $500. if you want more food for 1/10th of the price, head down to chinatown to either food express or PJ'S kitchen. has pretty cool bathrooms though:)
4	I can sum up my China Grill experience in two words:  "Yum! Yum!"China Grill is a beautiful, elegant restaurant with an incredible menu.We took the advice of our waiter and ordered several different items in the "half-order" size.  (Most all items come as a half-order or a full-order).  This was an excellent suggestion as the two of us were able to taste a number of different items.We started with the Curry Chicken Satay and the Beef and Scallion Dumplings.  Delicious!We then had the Cracklin Calamari Salad.  Probably the best calamari dish we've ever had.Our main course consisted of Grilled Garlic Shrimp (incredible!), Glazed Skirt Steak (Tasty!), and the Crispy Spinach.The Crispy Spinach was unlike anything I've ever had.  It was good, but I'm not sure I need to try it again.We had the trio of creme brulee for desert which included chocolate, vanilla, and ginger (yes ginger!) creme brulee.  They were all very good especially the ginger. (If you like ginger, you have to have this one!)We also recommend the ginger mojito (unless you don't like ginger) and the Lychee Lemondrop Martini.
5	Been here twice on two separate trips and both times food and service have been amazing one of the best dining experiences, went for the $59 tasting menu well worth it. The ceiling was amazing with a projection that made it look as though the ceiling was rippling like water (pretty damn cool)
3	Food was tastey for sure, but i don't think the quality is worth the price.  Factoring in that everyone shares, you often aren't filled up for a $40 meal.  But the food is good, maybe this place is more suited for parties of 2-6 rather than 12.
5	It's been a few years since my last visit - but the fact that I still remember a few things vividly from both visits after full weekend vegas work conference and fun is a sign that it's a really great place. Atmosphere is beautiful, hip, cool, and high class. Service was excellent on both occasssions. We had a group of about 10 people both times and were taken very well care of. The few menu items I remember wanting more and more and more of was the lobster, a noodle dish and the flash fried spinach. You can't go wrong with pretty much anything though as everything I've tasted from here has been delish. I think it's best to come with a few people so you can order several plates and pass the around to share, that way you get to try a lot more, because honestly, everything is really good.Since was treated both times I can't comment on the price - but it's definitely not cheap so be prepared for an excellent experience, excellent food and to pay for them both.  And last comment, as with all hot spots in vegas, even their restrooms are really swanky. All individual rooms, very modern minimilastic vibe. Definitely a go to spot!
3	Always a fan favorite.  Can be expensive at times, but the quality of the food is always perfect.  A great chain that I will repeat -- love crispy spinach
4	I liked it - food was tasty, service was great, ambiance was comfy and cool, nice wine selections.Try the wasabi mashed potatoes, kobe beef, and sashimi selections.  Great place to go with a group.Colleenwww.newpointpr.com
5	Yet again this is one of the best eats in vegas! We had the tasting menu again which was again fab but was only 59 bucks this time. The service is still the reason to go here x
4	I took a few clients out to China Grill at Mandalay Bay last week.  We started during their happy hour which included drink specials and a complimentary appetizer.  They also had a discount appetizer menu.  We ordered a couple of rolls, edemame, and 2 lychee lemon drop martinis.  The martinis and apps were very good.  The complimentary appetizer was a friend pork and veggie potsticker with seaweed.  My customer was vegetarian so she didn't try it but I enjoyed it.  When the server found out she was a vegetarian he brought her out a different complimentary appetizer which was very nice of him.  It was tempura battered veggies with a delish sauce.  The veggie app was better then the pot sticker, LOL.  After happy hour, we went for dinner and ordered half portions of the asian chicken salad, shrimp, and ahi tuna.  We also ordered friend rice.  The portions were pretty big for half ordered and it was nice that each item was made to share.  For the entrees at dinner and 3 drinks the bill was $105 - I thought that was pretty good.  We were too full for dessert so we didn't try.  The service was fine, nothing to brag about, but nothing to complain about either.  I guess there is a China Grill in Chicago so since I had a good experience at this one I would definitely try the one in Chicago.
4	This is my first time eating at this place. Heck, first time I've eaten at a fancy restaurant (Fancy meaning EXPENSIVE). At first we wanted to eat at a buffet, but we always eat at a buffet every time were at Vegas. We wanted to try something different and not a buffet period. Service:Hostess was great on seating us right away. Waiter was pretty cool as well. Food was not serve all at the same time but we did get notified at the begin that it wouldn't. Because food was being prepared as you ordered them.Food: I'll break it down as it came.Appetizer: Crab cakes.Now do understand I have tried crab cakes before at local restaurant near me, but none can compare to this one. It melted in you mouth. Big on flavor and the portion was right for the price. Salad: Peking duck SaladThen we had the Peking duck salad. Bold in flavor and portion was pretty huge so start with the half.Entree: First that came was the Char siu baby back pork ribs. My son loved it with his rice. It came with a jicama slaw and dried apple slices. It was okay. I had better ribs.Second came the grilled garlic shrimp with black fettuccine and red curry coconut sauce. This was my absolute favorite. Now if your think cause it says "curry" it might be spicy, not at all. It was great. Last came grilled szechuan beef. It was pretty great too. With had it with the five vegetable fried rice and plain steam rice. No dessert cause we were full.
4	Pricey but worth it... get the butterfish if you can!
4	I would actually give 3.5 stars, but I will round up :)Went here last night for another company dinner. I'm not a fan of Asian/Asianesque restaurants but this place was pretty good. Thank God we had a guy with us that LOVES LOVES LOVES this place, so we had him order most of the food. Appetizers/Entrees:1--Spicy Beef and Scallion Dumplings--a little too salty for me. It was ok, but nothing amazing. 2--Confucius Chicken Salad--SO GOOD. Fresh, light and a great mix of everything. 3--Pan Seared Spicy Tuna--I've been a fan of tuna lately. Tuna had good texture, but it was so small. A little overpriced, but good nonetheless4--Miso Grilled Vegetables and Udon Noodles--great. the noodles were cooked perfectly 5--Sake Marinated Drunken Chicken--This was my least favorite dish, but it wasn't horrible by any means. I give it points for the chicken being savory and not dry at all, but the flavor just didn't do it for me. 6--Sweet Soy Marinated Skirt Steak--we had 2 orders of these. We ordered it Medium Rare. Good piece of meat, but not cooked like Stripsteak, which I had the night before! 7--Wasabi Mashed Potatoes--nice and soft. a definite departure from garlic mashed potatoes. Had a great kick to it. 8--Five Vegetable Fried Rice--Only had a spoonful of this, but I don't remember what it tastes like--so it must not be that special. Dessert: Trio of Creme Brulee and The Great Wall-The Creme Brulee came in 3 flavors: Ginger, Chocolate, and Vanilla. Decent. Nothing special. -The Great Wall looked gross, but when I dug into it, it was heaven in my mouth. I can't describe what it is--but it's good!Drinks: We had a few bottles of wine. The chardonnay is a little too dry for me, but I managed to drink a glass. I also had a pear cocktail, which was sweet, and I couldn't taste much of the alcohol--which is a good thing. Note: we asked for tap, and they tricked us and gave us bottled water. Beware. It's $10 a bottle. Rip off.Our total bill was about $750 for 7 people...not the cheapest place in the world, but it was good nonetheless.
4	This was my first time eating here, although coworkers have recommended it numerous times. The service was excellent, the interior was pleasant but nit very private. We shared a circular booth that was centered in the main dining area. The seating however didn't bother us and the open spacious ceilings added to the liveliness of the crowd.My only complaint was more than one of the items we wanted on the menu were not available. The food we did get was very good! The mushroom pasta and duck 2 ways were both wonderful entrees.
2	Food was good we had a sushi roll and the szechaun beef (or their version of it).  It was suppose to be spicy but it really wasn't.  It came with fried potatoes which I thought were too salty, but my husband liked it.  I thought the beef was okay.We also got the duck fried rice, which was nothing special, but the waiter played it up.We also ordered some eel roll, and asked for it without the cream cheese but they gave it to us with the cream cheese, and I didn't bother to send it back to be corrected because it took so long to get here in the first place - i should have sent it back it was $27 for that ONE roll!! ugh.The mock-itos were great! overall i think this place is over priced - go to little buddha at the palms.  I only gave it two stars because of the overpriced menu, I would not go back here again - even on an expense account.Service was good though.
1	-1 for the food, we had the garlic shrimp and schezwan beef,  didnt taste anything garlic about the shrimp and the beef was dry.-1 for the price, 100 for two, you'd expect great things...-1 for mediocre service, asking for refills shouldn't be necessary when your paying this much.-1 for misrepresentation, there's nothing chinese about this grill.Sorry, but the chinese food at Studio B buffet is better lol.
1	Not to happy... Just really bad service and representation by the staff. Lack of knowledge by any degree. And asking to get something done different such as "no spicy mayo" holy cow did they get offended. And why we paid $36 for the four half orders of Maki Rolls. We should have been the offended. We ordered two of the seven course tasting menus. $59.00 each I believed. It came with 3 salads. Two apps and two entrees. Which they Put all of each courses on a single plate. Now we didn't ask them to split each course per couple. (the four of us splitting) but combining the two on the same plate!?!? Lazy as hell!!!!! The salads were all bland...potskickers were fantasticDumplings were nothing remember-able There "lobster pancakes" tasted nothin like lobster and had way to much mushroom. Spicy shrimp entree was actually great. Good spice and flavor....Roasted flank steak was ok........ Served with fried spinach. That was nice. Here is another rant.... We were offered a choce in the tasting menu with our entrees. Fried rice or wasabi mashed potatoes. We were never asked and of course got wasabi mashed potatoes. We asked for the side to be changed, it was and we were billed for it!!!!! nice!!!!
4	Really dark and seductive, like a good Vegas restaurant should be. I thought our servers recommendations were helpful. The full entrees are good for about 3-4 people, and the smaller portions for 1-2.Four of us shared their Caesar Salad... which is really more of a cross between Chinese Chicken Salad with Caesar dressing, sounds gross but works well at this place. We also had the beef dumplings appetizer, which was a bit overpriced, and nothing special.For the main entrees we had the garlic shrimp which was served over some Delicious fettuccine pasta and the short ribs which were flavorful.  Because you will be tempted to order a number of items to share, like most Vegas spots, the overall price will rise quickly.This place works well for groups of 4-6 people. Its a good spot, and I think worth a look if you are staying at Mandalay Bay.
4	My second time to China Grill (last time about 5 yrs) with a party of 5 adults and 2 kids on a Sunday dinner before a show. The dining room is very well design, but a bit dark, we were seated near the open kitchen and didn't mind. Started with the appetizer of a full order Curried Chicken Satay with chilled sesame noodles, very tasty. Cocktail were good, I had a Red Dragon, very refreshing. Services was very attentive and the main entrees were served at a good pace. Many of the entrees we order were full orders because we had 7 people, which was plenty. The Wild Mushroom Profusion Pasta was excellent. Follow by the Duck 2 Ways very good, Sake Drunken Chicken with Asian slaw , Moroccan Lamb Ossobuco, and half order of the Miso Veggie & Udon Noodles. Portion size were OK, was happy with all the main dishes, the accompaniments we had were Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, (portion was larger the last time) and the 5 vegetable fried rice was OK. 7 total order on the table was more than enough, we could skip the Udon though. Billed was $336 tax & tip with drinks, not too bad!! (Remember you could have lost that much at gambling in less than a hour!!) We skip dessert because we want to have it after the show else where as a nite cap. Will go back again when in Las Vegas.
4	Really nice experience at China Grill tonight. My friend was in for a trade show at the Mandalay Bay convention center. I had planned to take her off property, but we learned China Grill has a happy hour menu - with the option to also order from the full menu in the comfortable lounge. We ordered a few happy hour special sushi rolls -- 4 piece rolls -- plus a terrific  spicy string bean side and the BBQ salmon entree to share. I'm not a fan of cream cheese in sushi rolls at all -- but the Philadephia Roll here is not to be missed. The full portion of the wild salmon entree seemed a bit pricey to me for what it was - but it was excellent. I'd highly recommend the happy hour. Nice menu -- food and cocktails--and plenty of healthy options, too, which was a nice surprise for me. I also like the atmosphere quite a bit.
3	Saturday night was girls night out, we were going to a concert at the Mandalay Bay Event Center so we decided to start the night with dinner at China Grill. We rolled into China Grill an hour after our reservation, but the hostess was still able to accommodate us which was nice. The decor at China Grill is modern and sexy, on the darker side... We were trying to figure out how we could sneak out with one of the awesome lamps. Our server was friendly, he explained that China Grill serves food that is meant to be shared... Like Asian tapas... And that we should expect what we order to come out one-by-one. We decided to get the lobster pancakes (more like a crepe then your grandma's pancakes our server explained) as a starter while we decided on some sushi. For drinks we decided to skip the $12-15 special drinks and got a couple rounds of hot sake and Sapporo to do sake bombs. The lobster pancakes came out fairly quickly, and at that point we decided to order 2 full rolls (Philly and Spicy Tuna) as well as a half roll (Dragon). The sushi was very slow to come out.. so slow we had to order another round of drinks... Thankfully we had allowed 2.5 hours for dinner, even with our lateness and the sushi chef's slowness we made it to the concert right on time.The Philly roll was my favorite of the night. Salmon was on top instead of inside like some places do, you seem to get more fish that way, always a plus. The fish also tasted very fresh. The Spicy Tuna roll was the spiciest I think I have ever had, no need for extra wasabi on these! The Dragon roll was good but it had shrimp and crab, I am used to Dragon rolls being eel. My fault for not reading the menu more carefully. I have no idea what our bill came to, one of my sneaky girlfriends snagged the check before we could split up the costs. It's the Strip though, if you go expect to spend $40-50 dollars per person, and preparty if dropping $15 a drink is not your cup of tea.
5	Because my friends and I came here right before our night out on the town I was forced to order light, being in a far too tight dress and all. So, out of sheer necessity, I ordered a salad. Usually, this girl does not order salads; why, you ask? Well, because, it is a waste of money; I can throw vegetables together at home for a fraction of the price that same dish would cost me at a restaurant. So, when I eat out I order hearty to ensure I get my money's worth. That was my POV, until I tried China Girll's Cracking Calamari Salad. There are no words to describe how excellent this salad tasted. It was superb, the absolute best salad I have ever had the pleasure of eating. It was so good that after a taste of my salad, a member of my party returned her previous order and subsequently ordered the same thing.I can't even describe what they may have put in that salad, but all I know is the next time and every other time I am in Vegas, I can be found sitting blissfully content at China Grill,  eating a Calamari Salad.
1	Did not care about it... This place is dark, extremely dark. I understand what they are trying to do, but you can't read the menus, literally. Food was hit and miss, more miss than hit. Way too much dressing/seasoning masking the actual taste of what you eat. They promote "family style" but quantity can not replace quality.
4	Very good restaurantMany hits on the menu, good for groups and perfect post trade show meal.Many hits on the menu, some of my favs inc:Spicy beef & scallion dumplingsConfucius chicken saladSake marinated "drunken" chicken
3	This restaurant was ok. The ambient was a little too dark for my liking. Usually like to see what I am eating. For a family type offering the quantity was small. This was more of a modern twist to Chinese cruisine. Some of their dishes was ok. Like the butter fish. Apparently the night that we were there they didn't have anyone that was experience with wine selection, so they had this waiter that didn't know anything about the wine.
4	Ate here a couple weeks ago, for our last night of a business trip in Vegas for a change from all the buffets we were eating the nights prior. Service: All the staff at China Grill are wonderful. We made reservations, and were taken to our table immediately. Our waiter, Lars, was very helpful, described each dish as they came out, and even gave us his personal recommendations. Food:We were a group of 7, and decided to get the "Classics Tasting Menu," - which was amazing! This 6 course, pre-set menu was absolutely to die for! If you're looking to try a few of their delicious menu items, the tasting menu is definitely the best way! I was also new to Asian Fusion food, and will admit a little skeptical about what combinations there would be, but after this night, I am most definitely a fan! My favorites had to be: -Crackling Calamari Salad - part of the trio of salads included-Spicy Beef and Scallion Dumplings-Grilled Szechuan Beef - cooked perfectly and the sauce is delicious-Crispy Spinach - not usually a fan of spinach, but it was made like seasoned seaweed. -Wasabi Mashed Potatoes - they had the perfect amount of wasabi, not over poweringand last but not least: (for dessert)-Cheesecake Pot Stickers - MUST TRY! they sound odd, but after dipping these little golden triangles of goodness in the trio of sauces, that first bite is heaven!
4	very beautifulexpensivethey do have a happy hour.The portions are smaller to compensate for the lower price.We will still ok with that.Next to the Mandalay Bay Hotel Convention Center where we were attending an event, so the convenience factor was super highwe got a pair of rolls that were $5 each at happy hour consisting of 4 pieces each... and a plate of edamame for $5...
2	So we went here, cause we were staying at Mandalay Bay for the RE/MAX Convention.  They advertised $5 drinks and sushi in the bar area, so in we went.  You have to order from a special menu in order to get this price, and I can assure you, the sushi was not $5.  Service was creeping along ... took forever to get a glass of wine.  It was actually $5, but the Grey Goose and Grapefruit my friends ordered was not.My friend got some sort of crab roll that tasted bad ... she was doubled over in pain by the end of the night.  The Philadelphia roll was o-kay.  I ordered the Volcano Roll and Spicy Tuna roll, both of which were good.  We got free edamame because of the lame service.   Overall ... less than average dining experience.
2	This place was a letdown. With all the places in Vegas to eat and enjoy sushi I thought it would be better, but I was wrong. It took us 15 minutes to get help after we were seated and the waiter was a complete ass. He even went as far as telling us to hurry up and order when we were choosing appetizers. The service is slow, the drinks are meh and the food is nothing to write home about. Spend your money elsewhere.
4	I found this restaurant to have a great atmosphere. Dark, perfect for a romantic date with your partner, not a first date. I see people giving it bad reviews for the fact that the sushi wasn't great, but really the place is called China Grill, what made you think that it is a good place to get sushi. That is like going to Pizza hut for a taco, doesn't make sense. Had a couple of drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees for under 80 bucks. Great deal.
3	Small expensive portions. Had the shrimp with black fettuccine. Shrimp were ginormous and outstanding. They came with this extremely light topping which was paper thin that moved in the breeze and looked alive - very trippy. The pasta wasn't that tasty but interesting to look at - I'd never even heard of black fettuccine before.  I'd give it 4 stars but my waiter was pushy and tried a couple times to get me to order more than I wanted.
2	Would have been a four star review except for the waiter Arnold who seems to think high pressure waiting is acceptable. Even after we told him we were in a rush he kept us waiting for over fifteen minutes before asking if we wanted dessert. He was too busy chatting with co workers. AVOID!!
3	This one was a bit of an enigma. They purport to feature plate-sharing as the main focus of their menu however the portions are extremely small so I'm not sure how you're supposed to share something that is barely enough for one person. For example, we ordered the spicy beef and scallion dumplings: out came 4 and they were tiny. OK, fine. Next? Chicken satay skewers: 5 of them. 5? Really? There's two of us, why 5? Our entree was the Seared tuna and again... 5 slices. Are you trying to start a fight between me and my GF? The thing that saved this meal was that we ordered a side of Duck fried rice and out comes a huuuuge bowl of rice with large chunks of duck in it. Nice.That, and everything was actually really tasty. However, the uneven portions and spotty service don't propel this place any further than a glorified Chinese diner. It did help that the dining room was set back a bit further and sunken in from the main corridor, which at least transported you for a brief moment outside of the casino interior.
2	We decided to venture over to China Grill after hearing they offer a happy hour from 4 - 7 in their bar and lounge.The restaurant is beautiful.  The waterfalls behind the velvety booths set a lovely mood.  Our service was excellent throughout.That said, this happy hour is a sham!  The offer sushi rolls from $5 - $9.50.  Unfortunately they are half sized! What a crock.  $9.50 for 4 pieces of sushi roll doesn't exactly qualify as an enticing happy hour.  Furthermore, the beers are $7.  Um......how much are they normally??? That's not a happy hour price.  There is a rum drink, a vodka lemonade, red or white wine, and hot sake for $5.  So, skip the food, enjoy one of the afformentioned reasonably priced beverages and enjoy the atmosphere.
2	Start off with the positive. Food was good. The service was terrible. Everything was slow. The waiter pushed us into a fixed course meal. I was assuming it was to get the meal out in a timely manner. Even with the fixed menu we were always waiting on the next course. My wine arrived as I finished the meal. Lots of excuses from the waiter when it really was not very crowded. With so many options around I would say take a pass.
3	The wife n I just checked into the Hotel n were craving Asian food.  We were dressed super casual despite everyone else dressed up for a club or funeral. No worries, the hosts and wait staff were excellent.  Although the prices for one of their "Top Chef" portioned dishes might set you back an hour's worth of wages ($22-$50), the taste was superb. We ordered short ribs, garlic shrimp, and vegetable fried rice. When our food was brought to our table I initially thought I could eat the entire thing as an appetizer..however, after splitting the entrees, my stomach was satisfied.  Just be advised that this place cost some bucks...but if you got a couple bills to invest in some fine dining, I suggest u give it a try.
5	My friend and I tried the tasting menu with seasonal wine pairing. It was excellent!! More than generous portions and fresh, fresh, fresh.The service is friendly without being overbearing. Not cheap, but outstanding in every way.
4	Went there for dinner and it was absolutely delicious.  Would have given a 5 but realized that I didn't pay for my own meal, so I tempered it to a four.Went in a large group and we didn't know what to get, so the server suggested a tasting menu (I have no idea how much this cost).Some dishes of note (ones that I found to be good):-Spicy Beef & Scallion Dumplings-Kalbi Ribeye (artichoke potato hash side was good too)-Grilled Garlic Shrimp-Five Vegetable Fried RiceDishes that were ok:-All the salads-Lobster Pancakes-Short ribs (doesn't come with many... maybe 2?)I was too full to have dessert or the wasabi mashed potatoes.Overall very good.  I'd come back.
2	If you like lukewarm, textureless, and peculiar tasting sushi than this is the place for you. The happy hour is a joke. How about keeping the fish fresh instead of worrying about sprinkling multi colored fish eggs all over everything. We ordered a "platter" for $36 that had 6 pieces of cut roll style sushi on it. We also ordered some king crab sushi which tasted like they stole it from the buffet. Usually we argue over the last piece of sushi, but in this case it was because no one wanted it. Every piece was warm, mushy, and disappointing. The last roll was literally wet and tasted like a half chewed ham and cheese sandwich. We left hungry and with $150 less in our pockets.
3	Had dinner here on first day of vacation and found it to be just okay. I don't like it when the waiter makes you sit in the lounge and wait for your table when it is early (6 pm) and the place is empty. Clearly this is just a move to have you spend $$ on libations. We had just come from another in house lounge and had already enjoyed 3 libations each, now we wanted some dinner. Two in the party ordered the Drunken Chicken and ate less than half. I stole a chicken leg and thought it was good. One couple shared an Ahi tuna plate and it was not enough for two. I ordered the Chinese chicken salad and had enough food for the whole table. The waiter looked surprised when I asked for some additional plates to share and was nowhere to be found when we needed more water. Honestly, the place was a ghost town at that hour and I found service to be lacking. Our waiter even had the audacity to ask our group "Are your sure that this is going to be enough food?" Not a very clever way to up-sell in my opinion. We were a family group of mixed diners, some of whom had never eaten this style of food before. It just did not sit well with me.
4	Sushi and drinks were quite tasty, but disproportionately expensive, even for happy hour.  I think this is common for the Mandalay Bay restaurants, but it was a bit shocking coming from San Francisco, or even from other hotels in Las Vegas.Service and ambiance were excellent and definitely make up for the price somewhat, especially for snacks during happy hour, or for a meal if you've just won big in the casino or just want to act like you have.
3	I had high hopes! I love all things morgan hotel group! Asia De Cuba is one of my favorites country wide. We were in LV during chistmas time and found that the restaurant was empty! Well, we thought it would be great since all eyes would be on us and the service would be top notch. Well, the service was top notch but I swear it felt like they were swarming us. I guess they could have ignored us and would have been worse. Now on to the food. Welllll, it was Ok at best. Most of it was bland or too much of one spice i.e. salt or pepper. We had the tasting menu which we enjoyed bc we got to try a little of the most popular dishes. I want to think the chef was having an off night since it was so slow?? I hope?? Havent been to any of the other China Grill spots so I dont have anything else to compare it to. But the other reviews seem to coincide with what we came across...just OK experience for a place that should have wowed!
2	We came to China Grill in 2003 and loved it so much that we couldn't wait to go to the NYC location when we returned. That said, we booked a reservation for our first night back in Vegas and were looking forward to a great meal.Boy, were we disappointed. I ordered the riceless sushi and another hand roll variety, and they were AWFUL. The fish was flavorless, the rice was heavy, and the soy wrapper was gummy and had a lifeless texture. I have never experienced anything this bad, and don't believe that China Grill is paying a real sous chef to make this crap. The bus boy could have done better. At $17 per roll, this was a colossal rip off. We left hungry, and completely ticked off at the $125 tab. I get better sushi at my local Shop Rite.If you decide to try China Grill, DO NOT order any of the sushi, as many Yelpers agree. My husband ordered a steak and mushroom dish that was decent, albeit tiny.
3	Four words:Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll.I would venture here again just for that sushi roll. The restaurant itself is very cool - dark, hip, and moody inside with great decor and table settings. Our waiter was also fantabulous - friendly and informative but not too chatty.The menu is pretty good. We tried their Vegetable Fried Rice (delicious!) and their Miso Butterfish (...not so delicious...) and split a sushi platter. The sushi platter was waaayyy overpriced. I think it was around $36 just for 16 pieces, and as I mentioned, I only liked their Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll.We had Cheesecake Potstickers for dessert because when you're in Vegas, you might as well eat as much as you can since what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...right? OK, maybe not. Those potstickers are still hanging over my jeans, but they were damn yummy.HOWEVER, do NOT eat the ginger vanilla sauce with these potstickers. That was the nastiest dessert sauce I've ever tasted. It's all about the chocolate sauce, people.A solid three-star experience.
2	Dropped in for dinner after a long flight from Hawaii.  I ate at the bar, and orders some appetizers and the fish.  The food was not appetizing at all, and the portions were very small.  The ambiance and service were great, but I found the food sub-par for such a restaurant.  I may try this place again.
3	Good, not great food.  Certainly didn't live up to the hype or price.
4	stopped in here for happy hour before a show. Found a nice spot at the bar & ordered one of the $5 drinks on the HH menu. It was some kind of rum punch. And it was very good! I had 3 of them & had a nice buzz when I left.I decided to try some food and ordered the spicy tuna roll & cucumber salad.It hit the spot just right. I just wanted a light snack and thats what it was.The bartenders were awesome. Bringing me water/soy etc.I would come back again for happy hour.
4	Much like raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, sushi happy hours are one of my favorite things.  We saw sign for the sushi happy hour here, so stopped in with a group of friends after getting some drinks elsewhere.  I had a $5 seaweed salad and a $5 vegetable roll.  Both were decent - not spectacular, but I feel it was a good deal for $5.  As I can't remember what I had to drink, it is probably one of two things 1) the drink was unmemorable or 2) I had done too much day drinking before happy hour time to accurately remember.  Who knows!The service was good, especially considering how packed the lounge area was with others partaking in the happy hour.
5	China Grill was not disappointing at all! My party of 3 ordered the grilled wild salmon, calamari salad, and pad thai which was a special.  For dessert we ordered the Great Wall.Grilled Wild Salmon: The salmon was SO amazing, so tender and flavorful.  The portion was just right, not too big and not too small.Calamari Salad: Shockingly, I feel like this was my favorite dish.  To be honest, there wasn't a lot of calamari in the salad but the calamari was definitely flavorful and delicious.  The salad itself was fresh and definitely not soggy.  The most amazing part was the dressing, it absolutely blew me away.  I don't know if I'll ever be able to get ranch or italian dressing down again!Pad Thai: The pad thai consisted of 50% noodles and 50% vegetables, which I didn't mind.  It also had pieces of steak in it, the steak wasn't fantastic but it was pretty good.  The overall taste was kinda sweet, and I felt like it was good but not enough to rave about it.Great Wall: Wow! The dessert was just SO spectacular, the great wall is basically a huge block of different layered ice cream with a crumbly chocolatey bottom.  The block is covered with melted, slightly crispy on the outside marshmallow.  It's served with raspberry puree, and another kind of puree (excuse my bad memory).   There's also a cup made out of some kind of sweet cracker thingie, filled with the most amazing whip cream and sliced fruit.  Ugh, just so good!My server was very nice and entertaining, he explained everything perfectly and made excellent recommendations! Overall I definitely enjoyed my experience here, and will hopefully have time to come back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
4	I came here for happy hour from 4-7pm.  $5 drinks and appetizers.  The ginger mojito was amazing - big chunks of fresh ginger.  So yummy, but you must love ginger. The happy hour sushi rolls were also quite good.  I'm usually not a fan of Philadelphia rolls but this one came with pesto, which was excellent.  The rolls were half rolls but they were only $5.  I think they must have lowered their HH prices since Robyn visited in April.The "pod" restrooms were interesting - check them out.  I think they were installed by a previous restaurant.  Mine was a little messy but the design of these single stall restrooms was interesting.  And there were a lot of them.  Nothing is worse than a huge restaurant with one single stall restroom.Definitely a good choice for happy hour in Mandalay Bay.
4	Nice atmosphere and tasty, well sized dishes all served for sharing.  The calamari salad is a great starter. Refreshing salad with some fried calamari. The duck three ways was also excellent. Great service. They kept the food flowing and we ordered the perfect amount for the three of us. Reasonably priced for the quality and casino-hotel location.
3	Decent food. Too expensive. Small portions.Average service
2	The menu is very odd, kind of chinese but not really.  I had the dumplings for appetizer which were fine and the chinese short ribs for dinner which were disappointing, not nearly as tender as I had hoped.  I did enjoy the goat cheese mashed potatoes.  I wouldn't go back.
2	They weren't serving dinner when I was ready to eat, so I just had the happy hour sushi. It was a bit too nouveau fusion for my taste. I just wanted normal sushi. I would try it again, but not for the sushi.
3	The China Grill at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas is not a Chinese food restaurant.  As it was explained adamantly by my waiter , it is a global fusion that brings together the flavors of Japan, Thailand, Chinese and American cuisine ( I guess that meant no Pu-Pu platter for two). With our no Chinese food explanation at the fore front of our minds Simone and I set upon the task of looking over the not so Chinese menu.  All items on the menu are meant to be eaten family style and shared -much like in China (oops). At the suggestion of our waiter we started our fusion journey with the not Chinese Beef and Scallion Dumplings. The dumplings were soft and pillow like, filled with minced tender beef and chopped scallions and served with a micro green salad on top and of a pool of spicy sauce. Alone, they were bland but eating them in a 5 alarm pool of soy, ginger chili sauce took care of that problem nicely. After downing an entire glass of water to ease the fiery pain , we then decided to choose our entree. Our entree choice was the not Japanese Sake Marinated Drunken Chicken, served with a sweet Hoison laced Ponzu sauce and Bok Choy slaw with crispy onions, and for our side a not Chinese Duck Fried Rice.  The chicken arrived whole, but already cut for our convenience. It was excellent,  the sweet Sake marinade combined with the natural juices of the chicken kept every bite moist and full of intense flavor. The slaw was crunchy and vinegary and was a nice compliment to the dish. The side of duck fried rice was good also. The rice was very lightly fried with sesame and soy but not overwhelming in salt or oil. The shredded duck was rather dry, but the overall flavor of the rice was very good. We finished the entire bird and rice and still had some room for Deep Fried Cheesecake for dessert. Cream Cheese filled fried wontons arrived with  a five spice chocolate dipping sauce, assorted fruit and Mango Raspberry puree. The chocolate was rich and spicy with ginger overtones, and the Mango puree was fresh and sweet.. Both were great with the wontons. Overall this was a very good but not great "fusion" meal at the Not so China Grill in Mandalay Bay. For the price you can probably find better in Las Vegas.  3 stars
3	My boyfriend and I were on a date night, went to the shark reef, and then decided to check this place out since we in the area. It was pretty dead, so service was really fast. We started off with the Spiced Crispy Pork Belly. It was delicious, the avocado mix was some of the best stuff I've ever had. I thought we were for sure on the roll of a great sushi dinner. We decided for our main course, to split the 4 roll tasting course which was $55. It was basically 4 rolls, each with 4 pieces. There was one with beef, which I was leery about, but it ended up being delicious. The other 2 were so-so. The 4th one though, was a lobster roll. I love lobster, but I like lobster with some melted butter and a baked potato, not in my sushi roll. I give this place only 3 stars, because the sushi part of it, wasn't so great. If I ever go back, I'd like to try their actual dinner menu, since the pork belly was delicious, there might be some gems in there.
1	No self-respecting Asian sushi lover would come back for their sushi.  The worst!    Went for their happy hour, got 4 small pieces of their version of spicy tuna and California rolls for $5 each. Ugh, it tasted old and I have no idea why they call it spicy tuna.  More like a failed deconstruction of what they think their midwest customers think should be in a sushi roll.  The drinks were overly sweet.  We had a running joke while we were in Vegas - "but not as bad as CG Sushi"
4	I had the shrimp with lobster sauce and it was amazing. The shrimp was prepared perfectly and the sauce wasn't overwhelming like other places make it. I don't even like Chinese food, but this place is very good!
2	Expensive and average were my takeaways on dinner at the China Grill. The food was not as good as a CheeseCake Factory, and I would just skip this place
1	EEk! me thinks not is the reaction im looking for... This place is pricey and the sushi was not fresh at all. and the portions are super small.. I've had way better sushi else where.. The servers were average, which is suprising for a restaurant inside the Mandalay Bay. The water was not accurate with our order, he was not even writing anything down when we were ordering.. And of course he forgot an order, which was fine with us because we just wanted to GET OUT OF THERE! I would not reccomend this place for sushi.. I havent tried their other stuff on menu , not really interested after that experience. The only amazing thing about this place was they had televisions all in their toilets! I would not not eat here i would just use their toilets! haha
2	We stopped by for the sushi happy hour with a group of friends after visiting the aquarium around the corner. I was intrigued by the $5 sushi and drinks that was advertised. After taking a look at the menu only 2 out of the 5 happy hour rolls were actually $5. I didn't mind spending more to get a more interesting roll. However... when our rolls came out they weren't really rolls at all. Each roll no matter the price only had 4 pieces! You would be better off paying the $20 a roll to actually get some food. The sushi was good, but they limited it to two per ticket. There really wasn't enough food for what we spent. There are much better places for sushi on the strip. I would skip over this place.
2	I met up with some out-of-town friends at Mandalay and we were deciding on where to eat. Noticed the happy hour sign at China Grill and $5 sushi. I'm in!Like a previous reviewer, only two rolls were $5, California and Spicey Tuna. AND you only get 4 pieces per "roll"..so basically each piece of sushi is $1.25. Little steep in my book...they should call it "sad and still hungry hour"  :(I ordered the Philly Roll ($6.50) and Spicey Tuna ($5.00), ate those in 2 minutes and left. I always wanted to stop by here because the decor is so awesome, but I doubt I'll be back.
5	Ate at China Grill for our anniversary and it was amazing.  If you are not sure what to get I suggest the pre-fixe menu for $65 a person.  Well worth it and you get soooooo much food.  We ended up taking alot home with us.  The desert is the size of both of my hands together, and we couldn't finish it and it also came with another dessert we didn't even touch.  I would highly suggest this restaurant.  The service was outstanding and we had told the hostess it was our anniversary and she passed it along and the chef said happy anniversary and our server brought us champagne which was very nice :)  They explain every dish and tell you how to eat it and what it will be like :)  So enjoyable.  Overall the experience with the amazing food and great service is what made it for us.  I also used the restroom which was pretty entertaining as well since they have little tvs in each stall :)I will def. go back!
5	I have to say, my experience was different than several of the more recent reviewers. I had some family in town staying at the Four Seasons and we decided to head here for dinner for the large booths so my nieces could lay down if they got tired. The staff was beyond accommodating, even going next door for a peanut butter sandwich and chicken strips for my young nieces. I though the food was very good and the server was very knowledgeable and helpful in deciding what to order. I can't think of any way the experience could have been improved and will definitely return.
4	China Grill was great for happy hour, but I can imagine it is somewhere I would like late night.  It's dark and sexy, with plenty of room to lounge, great drinks, and a Thievery Corporation-based playlist.  I really, really want a place like this in DC.  I will never, ever get it.But onto food and drinks: whatever I drank was strong.  And tasty.  I had three of them and I was way more than tipsy.  Kelly enjoyed her appetizers, but I don't like anything on the appetizer list.  I tried ordering an option from it, and was just not a fan.  However, go for the atmosphere and the drinks.
5	The best meal I have had in a very long time. I'm so excited to review this place i don't even know where to start...!Met a friend here last night and decided to grab a drink at the bar before sitting down. The bartender was a tall bald guy (cant remember his name) but he was so awesome! he made me a ginger mojito but used vodka instead of rum, it was delish!We sat in the gorgeous intimate dinning room. With the high ceilings and kitchen behind a glass wall it was a very enjoyable setting. Our waiter (Arty i believe his name was) was amazing. very informative and accommodating with my peanut allergy request. He suggested I start off with a Lychee Lemon Drop. this was mixology at its finest. Sweet but refreshing and with rock candy sugar i cant wait to try to replicate it.We started off with the lobster pancakes as an appetizer. More of a crepe then a traditional pancake filled with plumb lobster meat, mushrooms, red chili, scallions and dressed a lobster and coconut milk sauce they were melt in your mouth goodness.Moving on to the main course. We decided to split two entrees. Grilled Garlic Shrimp- Huge prawns over a bed of black fettuccine in a red coconut curry sauce they were mouth watering delish. The sauce truly made the dish. With the spice of the curry and a sweetness from the coconut milk it was the perfect combination.Our waiter then suggested the Short Ribs- totally melt in your mouth meat accompanied with goat cheese mashed potatoes. We also ordered a side of Wasabi mashed potatoes... which i ate the entire portion. don't judge me.I also had the Strawberry Burst cocktail. Made with cachaca (a Brazilian rum) it was packed full of strawberry flavor in every drink. We finished our meal with a bottle of pinot gregio. This was an amazing experience and i highly recommend it to everyone.
5	My sister and I spent our first day in Vegas walking down the entire strip, from our motel (up near Circus Circus) down to the famous Welcome sign.  We had plans for dinner, but all the walking we did was making us hungry (and thirsty!) for a little something.  We ducked inside Mandalay Bay to look around around and discovered an awesome happy hour going on at this place - $5 sushi rolls and cocktails!  We parked our tired bodies and feet in the seating area away from the bar (where we could still get the deal) and ordered two different cocktails and two rolls to share.  Everything was delicious and our server was really nice and attentive.  I definitely wish this place was still open so we could go back the next time we're in Vegas!
