5	A+ CompanyProfessional and Friendly!Looking for some great commercial shots?  Dave is your guy.  We have used him at the Hyatt Regency Phoenix to take photos of employee events, head shots, and food photos. He goes above and beyond to get that perfect shot.  He is professional, arrives early, and has speedy turnaround.We always get our amazing pictures within a week or less of the shoot.You would make a mistake to call anyone else.
5	My company was opening a new location in Tempe, AZ. We needed a photographer with strengths in event and architectural photography and wanted someone local. Given I'm not from the area we did some research, found David's website and were thoroughly impressed by his fair prices and obvious talent. We had multiple shoots with him and during all he was timely, professional and attentive. Not only did he take care of all of the requested shots, he used his expertise to offer additional suggestions along the way. During his event shoot in particular, he was very cognizant of finding the "right time" to take pictures and excelled at working the crowd and putting his photography subjects at ease. After the shoots were over, he was able to provide us with initial photos to review in an incredibly timely manner. We got all of the final proofs shortly thereafter and we were extremely pleased with the results. I felt he was dedicated to ensuring this was a successful partnership and that our company was satisfied. Well we definitely were and are going to try and use his services in the future whenever possible!
5	This guy is a DREAM photographer.  I am an event manager for a small non-profit.  Our annual conference was held in Phoenix, and I found David online and YELPED him.  So glad I did.  Our pictures are AMAZING!  So many good ones, it was quite the project to categorize them all.  But, he made it MUCH easier for me by breaking them up by day and event!  (i.e. Tuesday night dinner, Wednesday breakfast)He was by far the best photographer I have EVER worked with.  Not only were the pictures phenomenal, but his customer service was TOP NOTCH!  He would take ANY shot requested, and even did extra non-event shots, like stock photos for our social media efforts, and corporate head shots.  Heck, he even helped move a table at one point.  He was just a team player all around, and made my life so much easier.  I wish I could pack him up and take him to our next corporate event outside of Phoenix!Oh and rates were not only competitive but LOWER than others I got quotes from.  Significantly lower.  He's worth more, but it's nice he's so humble given his level of talent.  In summary, YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH DAVID!
