2	You get what you pay for. Typical deli style food,heavy on the oil and not very delicate. Ok for eggs and fruit otherwise...skip!
4	Let's face it, I do not eat at this restaurant that many times a year, since the enormous proportions make it a task to finish EVERYTHING, but when there I am always satisfied of my visit, then am good for a few months until the next! Upon knowledge almost 8 years ago I was taken by a single ingredient on the menu, more on that in just a second. Dining at either the Laval branch or Pointe-Claire, we are either a group of well seasoned diners or newly baptized beginners. In particular my preferred dish is the "Meat Lovers plate" with bacon, ham & sausage, eggs (mine are scrambled) with your choice of potatoes, in my case the aforementioned single ingredient that has drawn me back ever since....their signature mashed potatoes!! A delicious concoction of fried potato chunks in mashed potatoes flavoured with what could be chicken stock with soft, cooked onions to boot. This sublime addition to the plate is something I highly recommend, as well that I have tried to replicate, but to no avail.Service is what could be expected for such a busy place with a line out the door, but for the few times I am there, it is well worth it.I am hungry now and might just be there in the morning!!
2	Decided to try a new place for breakfast rather than my favorite Cora's.  Not a great pick.  Upon entered we recognized there seemed to be a mass of confusion in seating people.  We could not tell if you gave your name to a host / hostess and waited to be called or just waited until you were next.  I asked a couple of people in line if you had to give your name and they said no so we just waited.  After a while a squirlley looking old man with greasy hair and a bad suit walked down the line and took everyones name and number in the party.  We were finally seated and given menus.  The things weighed 5 lbs at least.  It was like being handed the novel "War and Peace"  and talk about confusing.  I was worn out trying to read the thing and figure out what exactly they had other than their "famous potatoes" that seemed to come with every dish.  There was an attempt to group like things together but with all the required French and English versions and the hundreds of combinations of basic breakfast items it made a very confusing pick.  I finally settled on the ham and cheese omellette with a side of bacon with some fresh squeezed orange juice.  My girlfriend had some scrambled eggs / ham / and famous potatoes. I found it odd that one waitress took our order then another waitress brought our drinks and yet another one brought our meal.  The portion sizes were way more than one should ever eat in one setting.  There must have been a dozen eggs in the omellete and an overwhelming amount of potatoes.   I will give it to them, the fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious (@ $3.95 per glass it should be)  and the whole wheat toast was pretty good.  Sadly the cheese in the omellette was too salty and the bacon was too salty.  I might as well have just opened the salt shaker and ate out of that.  The ambience was super noisy.  I could hardly hear my girlfriend talk across the table.  All the while there it looked like the place was a mass of confusion.  They had the orange juice squeezer machine on the front counter so every few minutes you would hear this loud whizzing sound that was really annoying.  Once it come time to pay, the server is not your cashier.  You have to take your bill to the counter and pay there.  I stood there for over five minutes before someone finally came to take my money.  I saw the same greasy haired guy in the bad suit flitting around wiping everything but he was careful to ignore me standing there at the cash waiting to pay.  Finally, a young lady came to take my payment and she had no idea how to run my credit card.  After explaining to her how to do the transaction we were finally succesful.  So much for trying a new place.  It'll be better just to stick with the old favorite where they give great service for a fair price and have great food.
4	The location is good, lot's of parking available.   Service wasn't that great.  Having to ask for a menu, service & water/coffee after patiently waiting for 10 minutes. Thank GOD the food which was awesome! They have everything concerning your traditional Breakfast/Brunch & lunch! All perfectly cooked! A unique must try for breakfast is there mash potatoes with onions & bacon "it reminded me of a good ol' southern breakfast" The decor too is cool & reminded of some cool southern dinner restaurants I tried in the past! In all fairness we went on a Sunday for Brunch & it was packed it's worth noting that they do not make reservations for less than 6 people & wait times can be up to 15/20 minutes on weekends all in all a good experience
5	The best there is for many years running.-Plates you're eager to finish because it's so delicious.- Plates that are FULL and really fills you up!- Recipes full of flavor (try the ceasar salad)- Menu so big and diversified with nearly every item being a homerun!- Quick and friendly service!I've moved to Blainville and never miss an opportunity to eat there when I'm in Laval!Thanks for the many years of filling my breakfast or lunch cravings! And most of all, see you in a few minutes! PS: the best grilled chicken club sandwhich and ceasar salad and fry combo on planet earth!
