4	Wendy's is pretty solid for good for when you want fast food that won't immediately make you wanna die. This spot is pretty quick and its on par with other Wendy's.
5	This Wendy's rocks! I use the drive-thru and the service is always friendly and extremely fast. They usually have my order bagged by the time I pull up to the 2nd window. Great job staff!
4	Wheres the beef!?Wendys has always been a place to go when we dont wanna make dinner. It has def changed some items, like their fries, which I am now not a fan of! I liked the old fries, they were sometimes mushy but sooooo good! The prices are also always fluctuating, it used to be a JBC was .99 then 1.19, 1.29, and now its 1.69 I think. You can basically get a cheeseburger deluxe for like .99 but its that dang bacon that gets ya! What we usually always get are the small frosties and a small fry to dip them in it : ) YUMM!!I like this Wendys bc theyre quick, and have great customer service! Ive never had any bad experiences... YET! LOL. Go here for your chocolate frosty with fries fix!
3	I couldn't come here for a while because they were going through a remodel and I have issues with places that stay open during certain construction. There was scaffolding all around the building I just had visions of drywall dust in my food so I had to pass until about a month after the remodel to make sure the dust had settled. I might eat garbage but it has to be dust free good garbage. My wife has been wanting to try the new pretzel pub chicken sandwich so we headed over with coupons in had. I had a BOGO coupon for any of the chicken sandwiches so we ordered 2 of those so we both could try one and then my hungry ass ordered a daves hot n juicy, cheesy cheddar burger, jr cheeseburger deluxe (for the dog) and some chili cheese fries. The pretzel chicken pub sandwich was very good and the thick slice of muenster cheese really stood out... but the pretzel bun didn't. The pretzel bun was very soft but lacked any pretzel flavor. If you are going to put "pretzel" in the name of a product it really should taste like it! The daves hot n juicy is my favorite here these days. I just get the single 1/4 lb and with the fresh veggies on it and it really hits the spot. The burgers here are fresh and never frozen. They also fresh cook bacon. My chili cheese fries were a good 3.5 stars.I saw they have frostys in a waffle cone now. Nifty.
5	I feel kinda like a dweeb writing a Yelp review for Wendy's but I just have to give props where props are due.  This Wendy's just recently went through a major renovation, and it definitely shows!! Not only is the inside GORGEOUS, but the food is fresher, the customer service better, faster, and friendlier, but coming to Wendy's feels almost like going to a regular restaurant.  Well, maybe not quite, but at least on par with a Panara Bread. When I walked inside, I was a little overwhelmed because everything looked so different. Comfy chairs, lounge areas, flat screen tvs, even a faux fireplace greeted me.  My eyes actually had to adjust because this was not what I was expecting in a Wendy's.  Everything was spotless, with not a random cup or piece of trash in sight. Once I finally figured out where to go to place my order, the cashier was so nice and conversational that it actually took me aback.  My order was ready and complete before I even finished preparing my drink (they have one of those new fangled soda dispensers with 100+ varieties of beverages), and it was hot, fresh, and tasty.My drive-thru experience was similarly pleasant.  They only have one window now, but they must have more people working the drive-thru, because I had absolutely no wait time- as soon as I handed over my money, there was someone there handing me my food.Hopefully, this is not just a fluke because of the new look and will be consistent. For the meantime, I'm sold!
3	This Wendy's was totally remodeled. The dining room was maid to look like a cafe. It's the nicest looking Wendy's I've ever seen.Prices are good. Service was great. It's comparable with other Wendy's in the area!Figuring out where to order and pick up your order, is a bit confusing. They have the new cola machine, which gives you anything you want.The seating is very comfortable, and it's the only Wendy's I've ever seen with a fireplace.I would return to this Wendy's restaurant again.
5	We were coming from Red Rock to pick up our pumpkin pies.  We were starving and my boyfriend mentioned he wanted Wendy's. We wanted to check it out since it was renovated and decided since we're right here,  why not? Briona our cashier greeted us with a big smile.  I ordered the Portabella melt protein style (no bun, add lettuce). The boyfriend had a 1/2 lb double meal. The soda machine was out of everything besides Dasini, Barq's Root Beer, and Minute made. Yuck. We let someone know while we waited for the food to come up.  Someone offered to go to the fountain in the back & we asked for Coca-Cola.  Then the guy serving up the food was nice,  I let him know the order was missing the lettuce & he fixed it really quick. The food was hot,  fresh and most importantly served in a reasonable amount of time. 3-4 minutes. The restaurant was very clean. We loved the make over & the employees were all super friendly.  Which is great I hate it when you go somewhere & there's that one sour person working that brings the whole staff friendliness down.  Great team work. We'll be back.
5	I'm a BIG chocolate Frosty fan, they totally remind me of frozen malts when I was a kid. I hit this location at least once a week sometimes twice. Since this store was remodeled they have really stepped up there customer service game. Works are way more friendly than they were before the remodel. Way to shake things up Wendy's!!!!
1	I thought this location was nice, but unfortunately not the cleanest when it comes to food prep. I found a moth in my salad.  Their social media rep responded immediately, but the local management didn't respond until my SECOND email to corporate.  If you eat a salad from this location, make sure you inspect it thoroughly for extra protein not listed on the menu.
4	I don't usually rate fast food but I visited this Wendy's today and was pleasantly surprised . The service was excellent. The manager walked around asking people how their meals were. He even brought out more sauce for the couple next to us.The only thing I noticed was the floor area around the Coke machine (the one that you can get a hundred different combination of soft drinks) was wet & dirty from spills. I guess that comes from getting so many options. I will defiantly be back.
5	Wow... What a Wendy's! This is hands down the nicest one I've ever been in. It looks brand spanking new, and it's got some of the nicest design I've ever seen in a fast food restaurant. They even had a gas fire thing that was beautiful!The ordering left some to be desired, but the food was great, and I particularly loved the coke machine! It's one of those new ones with a touchscreen... And it has every flavor and coke product you could ever think of! It's absolutely incredible. I don't ever want to go to another Wendy's, if just because I loved the ambiance and food quality at this one! I'm very impressed!
5	I never thought I'd be impressed by a Wendy's but I was starving so I rolled through the drive-thru for a Junior Bacon Cheeseburger. The driver through girl was cheerful and spoke understandable English so that was nice. And the burger was ready when I got to the window. As I was leaving and tearing into my JBC I paused to appreciate it's construction...it looked like it should! Meaning someone obviously took the 1.5 more seconds it takes to make sure the patty, cheese, bacon, etc are actually lined up into a organized stack vice a total mess with half the cheese hanging out like some fast food joints (*cough...McDonalds).And it tasted REALLY good! And I'm pretty sure that's not just because I was starving.
4	Since the boo doesn't like Wendy's, I have to go solo when I want some and this location is very close to my work.  I was in a hurry back after running an errand and decided to stop here for a quick pick-up lunch to take back to the office.The drive-thru attendant was very nice and polite - much more so than what I'm used to anywhere.  The wait was not bad at all even with a couple of cars in front of me and the nice gentleman who took my card and handed me my order was very pleasant.The food is Wendy's.  I think they've improved their fries some, so that's a bonus.  And it's one of the few places that has Light Lemonade left!  I always order that if that's an option somewhere - In-n-Out still has it but McDonald's took it off the menu.Definitely look forward to visiting again when the craving arises. -:)
