2	My phone go poopie :(So I went to tis verizon store to get a new one since im up for a new one anyway. I was shocked to learn that I had basically one choice for a new phone since i want an actual qwerty and a touch screen in a phone that does not need the data package. Is this fair? I do not want or need the internet, but i would like a quality phone that  I do not have to pay an extra $30 dollars a month for. This phone is ok at best, and to beat the band, i just happened to go on day 1 of I phone madness at verizon. So all i heard was you gotta get this phone it is the best phone out there. Dont want it, dont need it. sorry. So i decided to go home and order online, not only because it is less, but because i was frustrated with the whole pricing thing. Only to order and find that i cannot have my phone until today. I thought i saw overnight shipping if I ordered b4 3:30. Wrong, oh well. anyway that is enough ranting, I just believe that the wireless market is squeezing us all into buying a package which most of us dont really need. Remember when all we could do was page someone. then came alpha and we could text. We paid like $6 dollars and complained that was way to high. Now we pay $103 for basically the same thing. Enough said. gotta have it though. I should add that everyone at the store was friendly and if your in the market for a verizon phone, this is a corporate store that isnt all that busy so give it a try. late gordo
5	I didnt wind up going through verizon for service but I was shopping in there and everyone was very friendly and nice, there was one sales rep named Emily that was particularly helpful. the store was clean and everyone seemed knowledgable.
1	Their solution to any problem is to wait for a phone update or activate an old phone. They also reset my phone and I lost all my apps.
1	This place is the poster child for poor customer service.  I went here to purchase an accessory for my smartphone.  I was not greeted at the door by any of the eight store employees.  Granted three were actually helping other customers.  Two employees were adjusting phone displays which left three employees to acknowledge the existence that someone had stepped into the store.  I continued back towards the accessories and proceeded to look at the accessory that I came into the store to purchase.  I then waited in the hopes that someone would acknowledge me.  I even made eye contact with store employees.  Still nothing, I decided to exit the store with my daughter.  When I was walking out I stated to the employees at the counter, "Thanks gentlemen".  They then acknowledged me.  That upset me more than anything.  I attempted to voice my discontent when a gentlemen who looked more like a tattoo artist than a retail employee turned and just walked away.  Another gentlemen, that's a stretch, just proceeded to talk over me and stated I should have just approached him.  What?  You work in customer service.  You need to be active.  I went to the Chandler mall store and they were great.  Avoid this store on 54th as if they all have the plague.The difference between the two stores was in the employees - Chandler Mall (professional), 54th Street (Bouncers at a dive bar)
5	As far as Verizon wireless stores go, I liked this one. wasn't overwhelmingly busy with stupid reasons like some stores i have been too. all the staff was  knowledgeable and friendly. They were able to help me discuss all my options. While Verizon as a whole has issues and policies I hate, the individual store is great. They tried to find everyway to save me any money and didn't show me devices I clearly didn't want, just ones I liked. Great sales staff, that is how it should be done. Not too pushy it was just right.
1	So I came in to the store to evaluate my options since my contract was up. I hate this hip Apple-store-rip-off where the music is pumping and you need 3000 square feet for 15 products. You always have to wait too. Not a little, but quite a bit.. so when they finally get to you, you are invested in the motion of purchasing since you have spent time here looking at 200 silicon cases for iPhones.. only iPhones. So this slick walks up in his neon sneakers, flat bill hat and think he is super fly even though he is the one working on a Saturday. He is trying to promote Verizon so hard that he is shooting off buzz words like Verizon 4G Chip set - even though I can tell he does not know what a chip set is, nor could he explain what the difference between 3G and 4G is. I know what it is, and I don't expect that this clerk should have the technical insight to explain it, but then he probably shouldn't use the terminology that comes from the brochure that he doesn't understand.As much as I hate employees that act like they are better than their customers, even though they are working in their gym clothes - I might have been able to let this slide if it wasn't for his save of telling me I should switch plan, something I really didn't want to do, by offering me a promotion that they don't have anymore. This might look like a mistake, a mere oversight.. but this is his whole job! Push customers to get the features that creates revenue.No Verizon, it was certainly not a pleasure doing business with you - and I would have switched operators by now, if it wasn't for the coverage. Since I have to put up with this crap, can we at least focus on the service then? Next time, is it too much to ask for someone that have a vague idea how a cellphone works, instead of a frat guy that moonlights as a bouncer?
1	Horrible service.  Did not help whatsoever in setting up my new phone.  All they were interested in was selling cases and accessories.
1	The customer service at this location is inadequate. There is a blond girl at the front who was incredibly kind. The reps need some assistance in how to be kind to their customers and what customer service actually is. It's an uncomfortable entitlement issue. If you don't care how they treat you they will get the job done. However if you want an even somewhat pleasant experience go to a different store.
