5	We are new to the area from the Midwest and swimming lessons were a high priority on our list since we now have a pool in our backyard.  KCSC was recommended to us by our realtor and she warned us that we would either love it or not be a fan. Water and safety are two things that you don't want to mess around with, and I wanted to find an instructor that felt the same way.  Growing up, I remember that my swim teachers were strict, stern, and assertive.  This is exactly what Kim Courtney and her group provide.  We are only two lessons in to our session (sessions run 4 weeks) and I am very happy with the lessons so far.  My 3 year old can be a bit of a goofball, and Kim and her instructors won't tolerate it.  They help him focus and are working on tasks like proper breathing and stroke work, along with getting himself to the edge of the pool.  You can tell that the staff care about the kids, but they are there to teach them to swim... not to blow bubbles and play on the steps in half hour increments. The set up is a pool and small guest house/office that is on a residential property.  There is a big sign out front and a large area for parking towards the back.  There are two main areas where parents and siblings can sit during lessons.  Both have comfy seats and shade.  We have chosen to start with private lessons, which run around $325 for 4 weeks - and you go two days per week.  They also provide a "crash course" structure where you can attend for 2 weeks at 4 days a week (I think). They also offer group lessons. And the structure here is similar to other places... You child will spend some time on the steps while the other children have a turn.  Just something to keep in mind in the event that you want a full 30 minutes focused on your own kid - you might want to try the private lesson route. If you are ready for your kid to get down to business when it comes to swimming and are looking for a no nonsense approach, KCSC might be a good match for you.  If you are looking for someplace that will cater to your child and provide more coddling, this might not be a good fit.
1	This place is awful! The classes are over-filled and there aren't enough instructors. My daughter was kicked in the head almost every lesson by another child because there were so many kids in her lesson group and the pool was over crowded. The instructors aren't able to give the kids any individualized attention, feedback or coaching or even notice if the kids are doing a stroke incorrectly because they have about 25 to 30 kids per one instructor. My child was only signed up for one month but I have been repeatedly charged each month even though I canceled the lessons. I get promised that I'll get a refund and never do. I have to fight the charges with my credit card company because the swim school won't give me the credits. The parking is also awful. This swim school is at a person's house and although the parking is bigger than just a driveway we continuously had to park down the street because the parking area was packed. I really don't recommend taking your children to Kim Courtney swim school. Go to the YMCA or someplace that is organized.
1	So disappointed and disgusted with this place. The instructors are nice but are all college or high school kids, and the owner way oversteps her boundaries and has no idea what is really going on with her students. She is extremely rude and I actually pulled my daughter out after 3 months, choosing to lose the full month I paid for in advance because it was that bad. Take your kid elsewhere if you want more focus, attention and people who care.
