5	This is old school Las Vegas with great food, unbelievable service and an intimate atmosphere. They prepare many dishes table side like Caesar Salad, Lobster Bisque and Banana Foster. The prices are reasonable, there are intimate booths for a romantic dinner and tables for a fun time with family and friends. As a bread eater, the bread basket with 3 different butters was awesome. There is a good wine list with knowledgeable staff.
3	We went here for my Birthday last night ...we had the fillet and the prime rib also a lobster tail..it was good. also I got the garlic mashed they forgot the garlic in them and creamed spinnach wasnt very good...we had a house salad that was ok...my husband had a square plate that wouldnt sit right kept wobling!  the deserts were not much...crambele and cheesecake oh  and teremasu whatever ...hmm dont know if I would go back..Im a local and it was just okay.
5	I was told that I needed to take my GF out on a date to dinner and a show. I wanted to see Absinthe again but after checking the restaurant prices at Caesars and being told a trip to McDonald's wasnt going to cut it to night we picked Rons steakhouse.Don't let the crazy people in and around the Casino scare you. This is a great place to escape the heat, the hustle and bustle of the strip and better yet most of the people in the casino couldnt afford the restaurant so its quaint and yet classy sit down experience you dont want to miss.We both had a 3 course steak dinner of perfectly cooked Fillets, house salads that came wrapped in tasty cucumber bowls and for desert it was cheesecake.The server was an Expat from France and very knowledgeable about all the dishes. He was even very entertaining as he made jokes about himself and his not being from America. It was very personal and engaging and all the staff made you feel at home. (So much so an elderly lady had a personal cell phone conversation in the booth next to us like she was sitting in her own living room. I hope whomever she was talking to gets her meds figures out, the laundry folded and the pets fed) If you are in the mood for a great steak dinner at a great price that will impress just about anyone; GIVE THEM A TRY!
4	i really enjoy this place the last few times ive been here. the food is good, i do however wish the sides were bigger. the steak is good. however, what probably has to be my favorite, is there staff. i really cant speak any higher of them. there really wonderful and attentive.
5	We went to Ron's based on the good reviews (here and elsewhere), and because we love prime rib. We were not disappointed. The salad was dull, but everything else was delicious. The "small" prime rib was enough for three people. The potatoes au gratin were to die for. Even the bread was good. The only disappointment was the house salad; it was nicely presented, but dull.Despite the reasonable prices, Ron's is a very elegant restaurant, with very attentive service. It's located in a neighborhood far from the Strip. You enter through the casino and suddenly find yourself in a completely different world. If you like good food, good service and elegant surroundings, this is the place!
5	What a nice surprise, our first time dinning here. The service was above board with profection. I had the salmon soup which was so good, plenty of flavor, veggies, shrimp and salmon. My husband had the prime rib which was cooked to profection,sided with garlic mash potato's. We also tried the steak fries and just couldnt stop eating them!Try the strawberry cheese cake if you have room! A must go for all!
2	We had a poor experience here both poor food and poor service.  The ribeye was edible and that's the best thing I can say.  Tasted like it came out of the freezer and thrown on the grill.  The server was the nicest guy you could ever meet but he was literally running around trying to keep up with all his tables.  It was a bad start when the salads arrived before the cocktails.  I definitely give this place a thumbs down!
4	Totally surprised at this place tucked in a corner at Arizona Charlie's! Elegantly decorated and charming staff... our waiter, Joey made sure we were comfortable and did a fantastic job. We all had the prix fixe menu for $34.99 which came with salad or soup, choice of 3 entrees, glass of wine, side and dessert. They delivered a warm basket of bread with 3 delicious butters... plain, garlic and cinnamon. Wine was nice choice of Merlot or Zin. Sou p was light and tasty and salad was interestingly displayed... thin sliced strips of cucumber wrapped around the greens as a bowl and was quite pretty. 3 out of 4 of us has the 8 ounce fillet which was grilled perfectly. I had the chicken Oscar and was not disappointed (chicken with shredded crab on a bed of Bordeaux and Bearnaise sauce). Joey even asked us if we had a Arizona Charlie's players card as they offered a 10% discount to members. He went and picked one up for us at the members desk. We passed along our savings to him as he did such a great job!
4	Omg this place was delicous!  Our fillets were cooked to perfection.  The amount of food was perfect!  I know it's a bit out of the way but it was  worth the trip!
5	You have got to go here! Who would have thought a great Steak House existed in Arizona Charlie's! My boyfriend and I were so impressed with the food and the service...and the prices! The Osso Boco was to die for..The steak melted in my mouth! If you are looking for great food at reasonable prices, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this hidden gem!
3	As a local couple in Las Vegas we like to try different upscale restaurants throughout the city.  My husband is a serious "foodie", a great cook and I am one of the pickiest eaters anyone would ever meet.  We tried the steak house at Arizona Charlies on Decatur last night and have to say I was very disappointed.  It started off good but went down hill fast.  First we were seated in the back, by the kitchen even though the entire restaurant was empty except maybe five tables.  We overlooked that.  We were attended to quickly by a very nice and informative waiter who gave very good advice on what to order and drink.  The Chef salad he prepared in front of us was amazing and for me to say that since I generally don't eat Chef salad is definetely saying something.  He recommended an amazing red wine and great steak for my husband and the sword fish for me as well as a drink.  The food was good but the sauce over the swordfish reminded me of the sauce in chicken pot pies so I scraped it off.  At this point we had decided he was going to be tipped VERY well but then.....we looked at our completed plates for 20 minutes with not one bus boy to clear the table and no attention by the waiter even though he walked by us at least ten times and kissed the butts of the patrons seated in the next booth.  By the context of their conversation they ate there weekly and were well known.  They consumed all of his attention which I am assuming because they are weekly clients and great tippers.  What he doesn't know is that when we find a local restaurant we are also great tippers and will visit often and refer people. We eventually asked the bus boy for our check and at that point he took some of the plates from our table.   So what could have been one of our new local steak houses will not be visited by us again which is too bad because the food was good.  Tina Highberger
4	We found this steakhouse on Yelp unaware it was part of a neighborhood casino. We were a bit skeptical when we arrives BECAUSE it was in a neighborhood casino. But the restaurant has a nice interior and we our meal was exceptional. The caesar salad prepared tableside was extraordinary. The steak was exceptional. They make bananas foster tableside too.Don't judge a book by its cover. This steakhouse was excellent.
4	What a great experience!  I went with two others for dinner on a Saturday night with reservations.  Initially we were doubtful because of the setting. However, we were warmly welcomed at the very beginning.  Our waiter, Caesar, made the entire meal memorable. He was completely engaged in his job and entertaining. Our group almost felt sorry for those diners that were not lucky enough to have him as their server.  The filets for dinner were slightly overdone otherwise they would have been rated five stars. Our dessert of bananas foster was prepared tableside by Caesar and was lovely.  We will definitely return the next time we are in Vegas!
5	I was really surprised to not only just happen upon this restaurant but to find it about as good as it gets. The food is just excellent and the service is about the best that I have ever had. I would go back to this place weekly if I lived in Vegas. I will go back for sure every visit i make to this city.
5	We went to celebrate a birthday and wedding.  This restaurant is not on the strip, but is well worth a cab ride.  Don't let the location in the casino bother you.. walking into the restaurant is a pleasant surprise.. very nice upscale atmosphere.  The service is friendly and professional.  We ordered either steaks or lamb chops - nothing went uneaten.  The portions are large, so be prepared to take home a second meal.  And the reasonable prices just made this one of the best Las Vegas dining experiences.
3	Ordered the prime rib special. Was not impressed but service was great. I will try again
4	You would never guess that there's a little cozy boutique style steak house at Arizona Charlie's! The prices are great & the food is delicious! It's a beautiful space & the service was great paying attention to everyone one of your needs. The food is presented in a very artistic way which I always appreciate & it tastes as good as it looks. I didn't give it a 5 because it is in fact located in a dingy casino but hey sometimes I'm in the mood for some dinginess in my life :) If you're looking for an affordable steak house option this is a good one! The hostess is an older lady who is super classy & I do enjoy her!
1	I think the place is cute but was not happy at all with the meal or service. We all ordered the same thing the prime rib Ron's cut well done with a baked potato. None of them were well done they were red and bloody these were the fattiest pieces of prime rib I have ever seen, I filled my bread plate with fat. I could only eat half of my baked potato because it was also undercooked. I will never return for a meal over $100 and nothing was cooked right then the service the bus boy was great but our waiter sucked and was too interested in helping a party that came after us.
