1	MAYBE THEY RIPPED ME OFF!!!Long story but could save you in the end - I needed a specific tire replaces and they replaced the wrong one on purpose without consulting me the customer - I found out the next day when I woke up to a flat tire again and saw that a different tire than requested was replaced.  Their explanation was that they believed the tire they changed was in greater need of replacement - even though we looked at all four tires together and agreed that only the tire I requested needed changed.To prove their point they pulled out an old tire that looked like it was machined down to the steel in a very isolated 3" area that looked nothing like the ware on the rest of the tire.My fault - should have checked the work immediately, but instead, assumed that their smiling faces and well wishes while I paid them meant all was done according to plan.So did they mistakenly change the wrong tire and then grind it down to the metal to cover their rear ends? I think so, but maybe not... What they did do was leave enough room in my mind to speculate and feel responsible enough to warn others of their poor practice.
1	Do yourself a favor and DO NOT go there!This place is a ripped off. Spent $800 on 4 brand new tires with warranty and blah blah blah. Come to find out 2 months later while I was driving out of the state one of my tire had a big bulge on it. Gave them a called since my tires are still under warranty they said they will order me a tire which will take about 2 days. 2 days turned into 6 months! After 20 calls they told me my tires were on back order. Of course you're tire store and you don't have them instock. Thankfully I did have a full size tire to drive on while I waited on my "back order tire" to come in.At first this place sounds like a promising honest shop. They convinced me that my car need transmission flush, brake fluid flush and another flush which I don't remember what it was. If I do all three jobs I'll get $70 off. Sounds like a great deal so I had them done since it needed to be done anyway. My car hit 100,000 miles , I took my car in for a tune up at my friend's garage. He looked at what my car needed and told me the brake fluid is dirty. How could it possibly be when I just had it done at BIG O????I work in a restaurant near by, one day I got a phone call from them saying that why do we have our to go menu there since they say no soliciting. I don't know why maybe a customer came in to eat and grab a to go menu then go get their car fix at Big O. The guy on the phone ask me if I can do something like give them a free meal for being "Soliciting" I was like are you kidding me? I'm so done with this place.
4	Had to get a tire repair done. In and out in 35 minutes. Oh yeah it was "free" too! Very happy.
1	Do yourself a favor and go to thoroughbred if you have a Chevy I asked them to match the dealers everyday price for oil change,tire rotation,top off fluids,use factory spec viscosity oil,complimentary inspection, so they agreed then as tech was going through inspection I marked the rear tires when he lifted truck and then I was talking to other techs and he pulled my k&n filter he tells tech hey what so I do with this k&n so do I showed it to the mother f@&$@er who owns the truck or what I then stated this motherfucker just cleaned it and its new he had no clue I was owner so by surprise he was like ya it looks new and went back to oil change then he lowered truck and I went back in office and asked when they were gonna rotate tires then the office bitch tells me he already did I said really because I marked the back tired and there still on the back so tech walks in and hands report to him and he says ooooh that's why the better tires are already in front that's when our relationship went wrong I stated I wanted them rotated because there almost 5 months old and haven't been rotated so tech takes truck and rotates and when he returns he hands me a broken plastic lug for rim center cap I said when can you have a new one long story short tried telling me there not responsible for items breaking when they do oil changes. Bs I refused to buy into this so he stated he took $3.00 off bill which I don't see. Stay away from this place while I was there several customer had called or came back to complain about bad service and or bogus up selling.
1	I have been going to this big o tires for the past 4 years and have probably spent about $2,000 + on tires and services. They were great about getting me tires and all but the second I come back to get a tire replaced on warranty because the tread was separating from the tire, they pull out the fine print of my warranty (it was the tiniest print you've ever seen) and asked for my service records for every 5,000 miles since I bought the tire. It had been about 20,000 miles so I would have needed to produce at least 4 records of service. I'm sure this is company policy and they are following protocol but seriously, 20,000 miles and the tread is separating and you won't honor the warranty on an obviously defective tire? We'll here I am telling my story and will never go back to that store or any other big o tire ever again. I'll make sure all my friends know about this as well. A little customer service would have gone a long way here but they blew it. Walmart came to the rescue and I got a new tire for 1/2 the price the "offered"  to replace the bad tire for. Yup, never again.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS STORE! Poorest customer service I have ever received! I have been a loyal Big-O customer for over 35 years, both in Idaho and in Arizona and have used this store for over 5 years. We have also sent plenty of family & friends during that time. Not anymore! I am sick and tired of being on the receiving end of poor customer service and a never ending ploy of trying to get me to buy goods or services on the spot, some of which are totally unneeded. The first time could be passed off as a lack of over site when they forgot to put the air cleaner assembly back together on my car and sent me on my merry way. I didn't notice it until 2 days later when I just happened to open the hood for something else (thank goodness it was only 2 days worth of driving with no air filter). The second time was them trying to sell fluid flushing/replacements for the fluids in our truck which had already been done 2 weeks earlier at the dealership. Also during this visit (we were buying some of the most expensive truck tires they sell), they lost one of the bolts to a center cap, causing the cap to thrash around the wheel a day later. So, had to take time off to go back and ask them to install the bolt, only to be told it was lost and that we were on our own to find one. More lost time and expense out of our pocket for a problem they caused, but I even forgave them on that one. Yesterday afternoon was the 3rd and final straw. I noticed one of my car tires had developed a slow leak yesterday, so I headed to their store after work for a repair. After waiting for over an hour just for them to get the car in the garage, I was informed they would not repair the tire, due to an inside wear bar barely and I mean microscopically visible. Keep in mind, I bought these tires from this store with a full 50,000 mile warranty+++. They only have 30,000 miles on them and still over 5/32 of tread. No biggie, right? but then he starts playing the blame game telling me that not rotating them every 5,000 miles and not paying them for an alignment on every rotation as the cause. Not true. I'm the only one that drives the car and they are all freeway miles, believe me, I would have it aligned if I ever even had an inkling that it needed one, it doesn't. Now, here is where you separate good customer service from idiocy. The salesman (Jay) COULD have said... "your tire is showing signs of wear and will need replaced. I realize it is 5:30 in the afternoon and we don't have time to replace anything tonite, so I will repair it for you so you can get home safely, but you need to replace it ASAP". Instead he refused the repair and sent me away with a half flat tire. Like I said, worst customer service ever! I will not be giving this store one more dime of my business and since the owner has other stores in the area and refuses to talk to his customers, I am thinking I am through with Big O altogether! I will also be telling all of my family and friends, as well as anyone else who asks or will listen, the same thing. SAVE TIME AND MONEY....DON'T GO HERE! I think I'll try the Discount Tire store down the street this weekend, it certainly couldn't be any worse.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!! Made an appt. for an oil change for 2:30 pm. While he had me on hold I listened to their recording telling me they will have it done in 59 minutes or less. I showed up promptly at 2:30 to be told it would take a couple of hours. When I asked him why he told me they were swamped with walk in customers. I then asked him what was the purpose of making an appt. if you are going to take walk ins and put them in my time slot. He said good point. I thought it was too! I left to never return!AVOID THIS SHOP AT ALL COST!!!!!!!
5	As a high volume service contractor I understand how customer expectations can sometimes be too high and there understanding of mechanical systems and proper (not quick and shoddy repairs that have to repaired at higher rates to undo and re-repair correctly) can be hard to over come. I also understand that sometimes only negative customers leave reviews and happy customers are to busy to review.  That being said I am impressed with the high volume of repairs at this location. I was very happy with the communication provided by the staff and manager. The repair was completed in a realistic and timely manner and the equipment they have to provide the service is outstanding. I mentioned I do most of the work on my diesel myself and they understood and offered not to inspect the rest of the system. No up selling unless you ask for it. If your not mechanical let them do a check to make sure your safe could save your life. ***In summary they offered very competitive pricing even though they use more advanced tools and the service is out standing. I felt like they really cared. Hats off. I've been here twice and will be back again. Great job guys
1	Please don't waste your time nor money. I did. The manager seems nice but screws you over. I left work for a 2 hour job and it's been over 4 hours now. And this is my second trip due to the techs not doing their job.
5	Great service, no problems with quick oil and coolant change. Read reviews, was worried but car need oil change and I use these guys back home (on vacation) so I know they can do quick simple repairs. Called ahead to make appointment, they got my car in fast, took about an hour for oil and coolant change. Very happy and no hidden fees. I know there places get busy and service at times can suck but really happy with the service and repair I got.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible. Do not get anything more than an oil change or tires. Had my car worked on and runs worse than when I when I brought it in. The GM did not care, nor the owner or corporate. I guess they are too big for their britches to care.
5	Brought a tire that had a hole and needed a patch. Michael was more than willing to help out! They were super nice and it took about 30 minutes in and out :)
5	I picked this outlet to get an oil change for no reason other than it was the cheapest when I called around.  I mean, how often does one screw up an oil change right?I've been very pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting a hack job followed by a pressure sales pitch to have my alternator rotated and my electrical harness stretched.  The place is clean, right next to a bunch of restaurants and shopping, gave me a good time estimate, and stuck to it.  They did have a few recommendations but all were reasonable.  Nothing fancy, but do you really want cappuccino in the office?  They did a good job, were cheap, and didn't waste my time.  I brought my next car the next week and had the same experience.  So, overall, this is a big thumbs up.
