3	The room had a broken fridge - everything we put in it froze and they were not quick to replace it.  The pool was clean - i think we were the only ones in the hotel as it all looked new.
4	Very nice first floor room. Great breakfast.
2	We stayed here last year during a family road trip, and we enjoyed the stay.  The room and bathroom were clean.  It was right near Interstate 77, very convenient.  Very close to a great mall as well.This time around and only a year later, our room was not all together clean.  The bathroom had hair on the floor, the AC was very loud which kept us up.  The staff in both cases were friendly.  But we may go elsewhere in the future.
4	Hotel is very clean. Beds were warm. Safe area. Shower had awesome water pressure and plenty of hot water.  Breakfast was so so. The eggs tasted like powder. Blah.
4	Very clean hotel. Check in and check out made quick and easy. Nice room with comfy bed, fridge and coffee pot, flat screen tv, separate bathroom with plenty of towels. Only had to stay one night. Only problem with the room was the bathroom light was flickering off and on. Continental breakfast in the morning was decent. Only problem with breakfast was I made a waffle that tasted awful. Something obviously went wrong with the batter because other guests had the same problem. They seemed to be prompt at fixing the problem though by getting rid of the batter. Overall, I was satisfied and would stay here again and recommend highly to others.
4	This hotel was fine for the night, service wasn't as great as it could have been though- and THATS the reason for the 4 stars.We ordered delivery from Carabbas at like 9pm and they only brought 1 fork for 2 meals, and 2 desserts. I called down to the front desk to see if they could bring one up and the guys answer was 'nope, I'm the only one here, you can come get it" Other than that- shuttle was great...on time, and the drivers were sweet. A pretty blonde girl picked us up, and a nice guy with long dreadlocks dropped us off and he was SUPER friendly. I'd def stay again.
5	Check in: 3pmCheck out: noon. We were able to check in at noon and check out at 1pm. Points for being accommodating. Fitness center: Check! Weights up to 50lbs, ellipticals, bikes, treadmills, leg press, tricep pull down machine and more. And complimentary workout towels. You can even get one time use headphones from the front desk. Free breakfast: 6am-9am.Hot food with a variety to choose from: eggs, sausage, bacon, grits, gravy, french toast, bagels, English muffins, waffles, cereal, fruit, pastries, and a variety of drinks too! Have some milk, juice, coffee or tea. And whatever spread you're in the mood for, they've got it - butter, cream cheese, jam, peanut butter, maple syrup. I came down with half an hour of breakfast remaining and there was still plenty to choose from. I can imagine the breakfast area being empty or crowded on weekends or busier days. The hotel was pretty empty when I stayed. Room:Fridge, microwave, iron, hair dryer, tv (with NFL network, HBO...50 channels to choose from!), heater/AC that's easy to use. A standard king room comes with a couch, coffee table, and desk. The sleep was wonderful. Great, thick fluffy pillows and a soft blanket and great mattress. Definitely not one of those "cheap" beds where you can hear and feel the springs. WiFi: FREE!And decent speed! Again, I can see this being a problem during busier periods. Other amenities:The hotel has a business center where you can print/copy for free. I didn't go into it so I can't talk too much about it. They also have an outdoor pool open Memorial Day to Labor Day. Overall I had a very pleasant stay here and my Groupon deal was very well worth it. Great sleep, good food, and no problems. I was expecting to see some issues with "cleanliness" as other reviewers had posted, but I found none. Whenever you book a hotel, keep in mind the time period you are traveling, and where. If you are going to a popular hotel over a busy weekend, chances are it will be hectic. It's not the hotel who is to blame - sometimes it's the patrons!
