2	I had an inspection and oil change. There was only one guy working alone and he communicated like a cave man. I will not be back.
3	Stopped in after work to have my oil changed.  $40 and about 20 mins and I was out the door.  The technician was, shall we say, interesting to look at, but he did make sure and inform of the price increase before he started (It went up $5 apparently).  It's an oil change, nothing too exciting, but this location will do.  Waiting room is not kid friendly and not going to win any decoration or health inspection awards, but luckily I was in and out pretty quick.
1	Absolute worst place to get an oil change! The waiting area was disorganized and filthy. The worst part was the service. The technicians were very unprofessional and rude. They were making crude comments about another client's car. When the client confronted them they feigned ignorance and never offer an apology. One of them replied, "We were just conversating!" Seriously???!!!They even stooped so low as to curse at me when I spoke up about it. When I asked who was in charge, the tech repeatedly responded by saying he did not know. Finally, he told me who it was, but no one attempted to atone for the wrongs done. It was disgusting at best. I've managed in customer service for years and I've never observed such mistreatment. Take your business elsewhere. The service is unacceptable and certainly not worth a penny.  Clearly they don't care if you return or not.
1	I needed a car inspection so I called to find out the closing time. It's 6:00, I but was told they actually start closing up at 5:50. I was going to arriving very close to 5:50 so I said that I would just have the inspection done on the following day. The next day I arrived at 5:30 and was told that the inspector had already gone home for the day.Don't waste your time.
2	I have to agree with the reviews below. This place is dirty, the people are not professional and frankly I don't trust them with my car. If you are in need of a quick inspection I guess they will suffice, but I also get the feeling they will tell you you need work you do not need. Things such as new wipers that allow them to turn a quick buck.
