5	I had been going to the same dentist since I was a kid, and when he retired, I found Harris Dental from the Phoenix Magazine Top Doctors list. I've been twice now - I love the staff, that I can watch whatever TV I want when I'm there, and Dr. Harris helped me get donations of toothbrushes & toothpaste during the holidays for a holiday giving project for children in need I worked on! Need I say more?!
5	Best dentists around. Everyone there, from the receptionist, to the dental hygienists, to the dentists, treat you like family.The office has all the newest technology and therefore a quick turnaround on things like crowns.You feel very comfortable (which is not always easy in a dentists office) from the moment you walk in. You can watch tv (any channel you like) while getting your procedures done.I recommended them to several friends and everyone agreed once going there that they would never go to another dentist. I now live in CA and drive back for any dental work.You leave feeling confident in the work you had done, and truly feel like an individual they care about rather than just another patient. Highly recommend this office to anyone.
5	I have had some horrible experiences in the past with other dentist. When I came to Harris dental 2 years ago, I had no hope. The Harris family helped me see that there was hope and I could have a beautiful smile again. The staff is so friendly and the doctors are so knowledgeable. I will never see another dentist!!
5	Dr. Joe is amazing at cosmetic dentistry.  I checked out eight different dentists when I needed to replace veneers.  I am so happy I chose Harris Dental.  I love my new smile, Dr. Joe really listens and gave me exactly what I wanted, a natural and beautiful smile.  I highly recommend Harris Dental.
1	You feel like you're in a used car lot.  The staff is WAY too aggressive with sales, my last Dental office treated patients more like a real Doctor,  not just a customer to see how much money they can get out of every visit.
1	If you don't have alot of money, you're best choosing a different dentist.I'm writing this review after a very uncomfortable and unpleasant experience with Harris Dental. I am super disappointed that I won't be going to this dentist for my dental health and cosmetic work because I was so excited when I first started the process.I can tell you Dr. Brian Harris and Dr. Joe Harris are amazing, kind and very professional. It was Dr. Joe's manner and thoughtful nature that had me take on two jobs just to be able to afford the $6000+ in work that they quoted me. The staff? Not so much.The thing is, most people, especially in this challenging economy do not have affordable health care much less affordable dental care. Like me, many are not able to finance the high cost of dental work and definitely no cosmetic care. I am someone that, as a single mom put off and put off my own dental needs instead choosing to take care of the needs of my family. Now that they are grown I finally felt this was the time I could allow myself the joy of a beautiful smile and healthy teeth - not so fast.Even with budgeting these high priced procedures and working multiple jobs to take on the expense, the $400 and $500 cash out of pocket is difficult so I had to phone the office today to try and either reschedule or to see about other payment options - I wanted badly to make my appointment as I have waited so many years for my new smile! I needed to pick up another client to cover the costs as my savings was asked of for family needs this month - what did I get when I called the office? I was scolded by the receptionist, told by the assistant, "you didn't know 48 hours ago you didn't hav e enough money? Now you are causing us and the doctor to have breaks in the day we won't be able to fill and that's costing us money." I realize if I could I should have contacted them sooner, but seriously? Have you been to Harris Dental? The decor and equipment alone is worth more than most salaries.Anyway the point to my post is I'm really disappointed I won't be continuing with Harris Dental and I wanted to tell anyone here that they are probably the best in the city, but if you are working class or a single mom with a tight budget and responsibilities, your better off choosing a lesser known dentist that might be sympathetic to your situation and be willing to work with you on the upfront costs.I'm determined to get the new smile I've always wanted! If you have a dentist to recommend please share with me!
5	I have worked for a top doc plastic surgeon for over 15 years.  When I walked into Harris Dental office I was amazed.  I felt like I had walked into the most exquisite office I have ever been in.  Having worked in the medical field since 1987 in family practice, ob/gyn and plastics I can't help but "grade" a office when I'm there.  When I began my career with one of the most esteemed plastic surgeons in the Southwest I learned what it took to have stellar office with stellar employees offering stellar service.  Harris Dental is STELLAR.  The employees are so pleasant and happy.  It shows in the staff.  Last but not least...the dentist are superior.  I would look no further for the ultimate in care.  Thank you Harris Dental.  I'll never leave you and you are not even on my insurance plan.
5	My wife and I went to Harris Dental for a few years when we lived in Scottsdale.  We moved out of town in 2009 but we have never forgotten the superb dental care that we received from Dr. Joe Harris (who had come highly recommended from our Austin, TX dentist as a person who keeps up wth dental research).  Nor have we forgotten the fabulous and uniformly cheerful staff.  So it wasn't really too surprising that we received a call from Harris Dental a few days ago - more than three years after we moved away - asking for permission to archive our dental x-rays and asking where they might send funds from a credit to our account.  Who does that?
5	I highly recommend Harris Dental Group. I was recently considering leaving them after many years as I now live approximately 50 ...See MoreI highly recommend Harris Dental Group. I was recently considering leaving them after many years as I now live approximately 50 miles from them. However, after going in for a standard cleaning I was reminded of how professional and likable they are and have decided to continue being their patient. Everyone there is very friendly and professional and they seem to always be using a new and improved procedure to improve your experience there.
5	My wife and I have used Harris Dental for about two years now, and the experience has been extremely pleasurable.  The staff and doctors are fantastic!  I was blown away by the excellent service they provided to us.  Overall, the experience has very good.
5	Hands down the best dental office in Arizona. Dr. Joe is a highly skilled professional that actually takes the time to listen to his patients concerns. I mean really, when was the last time a doctor did that?  The staff is really wonderful - always friendly and helpful. Whether you need major cosmetic work or just standard dental maintenance you need look no further.
5	I was afraid if the dentist for years. Then I found harris dental and they are so good to me. I will never see another dentist
1	I visited Harris Dental a few months ago.  The hygienist used a combination of scare tactics and bullying to push unnecessary procedures that my insurance company would not cover.  They were pushing me to agree to $1,500 in scaling and root planning; even insisting I sign a "refused treatment" contract if I wouldn't schedule the required 4 or 5 additional appointments.  If I actually needed such an invasive procedure, especially considering how ineffective studies have shown this treatment to be, it's available at other well qualified dentists for less than half the price quoted by Harris Dental.  And they were so busy trying to "make the sale" that the hygienist tried to skip out on polishing my teeth as part of my regular check-up/cleaning.  I will not be returning to Harris Dental and I suggest you shop around before agreeing to any over priced "deep cleaning".
5	Dr. Brian Harris is the best dentist and one of the best docs I have ever worked with as a patient.  This dentistry and customer service are unparalleled.  I've never had a bad experience in ten years and highly recommend Harris Dental.
5	Extremely good looking dentist! I've had all my work done there and wouldn't go anywhere else! Highly recommended!!
5	As a relative newcomer to the Valley, I selected Harris Dental based on their reputation, and over the course of several visits for both routine hygiene as well as a cosmetic dentistry procedure, I have found that their reputation is well-deserved and worked-for by everyone in the office.  This has been evidenced in every interaction I have had with anyone in the office, whether on the phone or in person, from the receptionists to the dentists themselves.  Dr. Joe and Dr. Brian are warm and personable, skilled and efficient, but never rushed.  Their passion and dedication to their profession felt singularly focused on me and understanding the outcome I was looking for with respect to repairing teeth damaged in an accident.  Dr. Brian went far beyond anything I could have reasonably expected to repair the temporary crown I clumsily and thoughtlessly damaged on a Friday evening, meeting me at the office at 11 PM that same night (yes, 11 PM!) to patch me up for a charity event I was supposed to attend the following morning.  Amazing level of service!  Likewise, the hygenist I have seen through repeated cleanings has knowledgeably guided me back to healthy gums with extremely practical suggestions (namely, water flosser) after a few years deferred dental care due to multiple moves left me with sensitive, receeding gumlines.  I'm releaved and excited to be back on track to a healthy smile with tangible, measureable results.  Ultimately, I am very grateful to have found a dental provider that so clearly strives for excellence in every facet of the service they provide their clients.
5	Had my first experience here today and it was by far the best dental experience I've had. From the professional and friendly staff, to the comfortable atmosphere, this place is top notch. I would feel comfortable recommending to anyone. I didn't have a regular dentist, but I do now.
5	Dr  and his staff are extremely professional and perform excellent work. I needed a five hour implant procedure followed by an hour graft. Both were done with local pain killers and I did not feel anything. Everything has gone smoothly, with no complications. He performed my work using an electronic magnification device which I feel made him better able to see the smallest details of everything going on. I would give him the highest marks in all categories.
