4	This place is probably half the size of a football field. Bring: - Patience- A watch (so if you and your shopping pal part ways, you can meet up) - Comfy Slip on Shoes- Patience (or leave the non shoppers at the casino) - A calculator or be ready to multiply numbers by 0.9, 0.8, 0.7, and 0.6 in your head. Items are color coded to give an idea of what the % sale is. The range is anywhere from 0 to 60% off the marked price. (Nordstrom Rack shoppers may be familiar with this process.) They also carry a few designer labels (Magli, Michael Kors) and a small selection of leather bags at ~20% discount off retail. (I was so close to buying another bag. But I resisted!) I happily found 2 pairs of shoes (both at 60% off retail.) I had neglected my shoes for 5 seconds while making dinner reservations on the computer at my friends place and puppy went *MUNCH* on the only pair of shoes I had with me on my trip. Oopsie. Off to to Zappos I go. Gabriella Rocha Mary Jane Heels for 60% off retail. YAAY! Caveat: Their selection of smaller sizes (5 or less) seemed limited, but that might have been on that particular day. (My mom's a size 5 so i had to check for her... I'm not a size 5.)
2	I had high hopes...  I shop zappos online all the time.  My first disappointment came when I calld the location closer to the strip that advertises the free shuttle service.  Well, the shuttle ends at 5pm, I got off work at 6pm so that doesn't help.  Then I learned they were closed for a concierge only shopping event.  What!  So we had to fetch a cab from the strip to this location.  It wasn't terrible but not ideal (15-20 minutes).Then the fact that I had to get a speech on how the store is laid out was a bit much for me.  They have this dot system as to what percentage off each shoe is.  I hate that.  Can't they just mark things the actual price?  The dot code was up at the register while the shoes are way down long lines towards the back of the store.  At least post more of those price code sheets up!It was just too overwhelming for me.  My size 9 aisle was 2 long aisles.  Then in the back there were cheap boots (my friend got quite a deal).  Hidden perpendicular to the sized aisles where mini displays w/Diesel and other brands (nothing good though).In the sized aisles I saw many of the same ugly styles.  Some shoes look like they were not meant for human feet, total sewing defects.  I did see some cute styles but not many compared to the odd recurring rejects.Up front there were cute designer shoes at non-discounted prices.  It's the kind of place where you have to be prepared to hunt.  It's not for me....  if you like to search for bargains you might like this.  I didn't find anything.  My friend did, she loved it and shouted she was in "shoe heaven!"....  while I was more in shoe hell.
3	I had no idea that Zappos has storefront retail locations, until I stumbled upon this location while doing some other shopping in the area.I like Zappos online because I have huge feet and don't wear leather. Online they have a whole section of "vegetarian" shoes. Awesome.In store, I wasn't so lucky. All the size 11's were mostly rejects that people didn't buy online, and the shoes I liked were all leather (which is my deal, so maybe you'll have more luck).My boyfriend got a great pair of kicks for about 30 bucks, and I did leave with a cool pair of flip-flops.So I guess the experience was just so-so for me.
