4	The Capital Grille has some pretty good steak, though I was not totally blown away -- everything was good, but there was nothing surprising or new. The wine selection is amazing, or maybe that was just the good taste of the guy in my group. Try the fresh berries with cream for dessert. Definitely better with an expense account!
4	This steakhouse is atop the Fashion Show Mall with a fantastic view of the the Wynn and views of the Strip.  I started my meal with the salty and sour prosciutto wrapped melted Mozzarella that was evenly balanced with the sweetness of the mini vine ripe tomatoes and crostini.  I also had the garlicky fried calamari with cherry peppers.  It wasn't as spicy as I expected, but the tangy peppers added kick to the calamari.  For a salad, I had to have the stinky stuff....sweet onions on thick slices of tomatoes that was sprinkled with a Vinaigrette and roquefort cheese...so delicious.  I followed this with the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico Steak with 8-Year Aged Balsamic.  I asked for a medium which turned out a little more drier and cooked than I expected.  It seems they run more on the well done side, rather than most restaurants running mor to the rare side.  This brought it down to 3 stars.  I also accompanied the steak with some creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin.  The stars went back to 4 after finishing off with.the most delicious coconut cream pie. Each bite had the crunches of roasted coconut shavings mixed with perfect sweetness of coconut cream.  Oh yeah, this place also serves Samuel Smith Old Brewery Pale Ale.
4	You get what you pay for.  This aint no 99 cent hot dog joint that you would find on the strip or downtown.  The Capital Grille is definitely up there with Morton's and Ruth's.  The service was excellent and the steaks were even better.  They also offer fish, crab and lobster usually at market price.  You can bring a group of friends or enjoy a night out with someone you just met on the strip.
4	Consistently tasty food with very generous portions.  My colleagues and I came here for a team dinner after a long day, and it was definitely a relaxing and pleasant experience.  The decor is muted, somewhat dark, a bit soothing.  I didn't have much interaction with the waiter, but have no service complaints.My filet mignon was cooked perfectly and quite tasty, though not particularly exciting flavor-wise (e.g., no sauce or interesting seasoning... but some might prefer it that way, I admit).  The Caesar salad: crisp and delicious.  And the desserts?  Those were outstanding!  From the creme brulee to the cakes... mmmm!
4	Yummy yummy yummy.. great wine, great cosmos, great bread, great filet mignon, and even greater dessert. I was skeptical of whether the restaurant could easily accommodate a large group (over 20!), but they did a great job. I'll definitely have to return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I always find it funny how chain steakhouses go through the pomp and circumstance of "explaining the menu."  Yes, it's a la carte.  Yes, I know we'll have to split some sides.  Yes, I know I can get my steak with some clever sauce on it.That said, good place.  Eight of us went here.  Not cheap...two cocktails, a great steak, sides, and starters, and it ended up being about a hundred a head, but we were stuffed.  The lobster mac and cheese was a little scary but was actually quite good.  The steaks were big and the cocktails were too.  Friendly waiter, and a nice view of the strip.  I'd go back.
4	Good place for steaks.  They even have an espresso crusted steak and believe it or not, the coffee flavoring goes perfect with grilled beef.  For an appetizer, definitely check out their fried calamari.  Probably the best I've had.  Full bar, cool ambiance, nice view, dress to impress. =)
2	This place is bootleg.  Been to several Capital Grille's and imo, the only one worth visiting more than once is in Boston.I will say the steak is good and this place would earn 3-4 stars in other cities, but in comparing it to other LV steakhouses, it's a 2.   Other minor dig - it has way too much of an "expense account" vibe - definitely not conducive to a fun Vegas evening.
4	Some say the first time is always the best and, in my case, I found that true. In between politicians kissing ass for my vote in DC, I went to my first Capital Grille just down from the Capital Building (no kidding) because it looked like a nice bar. And it was. Crammed chock full of political memorabilia, cigar smoke and wine, they also made a killer martini. Since I wore a short skirt, the martini's were free. What got me eating was the curious slabs of beef hanging in the window. "Dry Aged" is what they call it. This is not a new way of curing a steak but the very first way, pre-refrigeration, allowing the connective tissues to naturally decompose creating a very tender meat. I had what they call the Kona-Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin (or something like that) and it was fabulous! The meat melted in my mouth. Definitely a must return-to place. Then, I took a girlfriend to the Vegas one and down went the opinion polls even though I ordered the very same thing. Maybe it was the pretentious, lah-di-dah crowd waving $100 bills (newly-minted rubes from down in the holler?), the mall we had to wind through to get here fighting off aggressive Israeli "Red Sea" salt-crystal venders, or the over-the-top waiter ("Eh, gulls, I killa fa yew") and so-so steak (it obviously wasn't made for Ted Kennedy's gluttonous taste ) but that'll be an Aye vote for DC and a Nay vote for Vegas. Maybe the climate will change in '08...
5	Kona crusted steak.Bottle of Cab.Nuff said.
5	We came here as a party of 11 to celebrate my in-law's 25th wedding anniversary.  I was a bit disappointed when they told me we were going to some boring, stale steak restaurant.  You open any magazine in Vegas and you'll see some exotic piece of unicorn meat teetering on top of a fragile stack of vegetables and painstakingly dotted with exotic sauces (is that mango?  Some chive oil?).  All of this is topped with a lacy piece of flair made out of something I'd never heard of or ever suspected was edible.  Ho-hum.  Another steak place.  So I thought I already knew what great steak was.  Capital Grille proved me wrong.  We tried practically every appetizer and side they offered on the menu.  Everything was beyond delicious.  Beyond fresh.  Beyond beautiful.  All meaning I stuffed myself beyond silly.  Happy Appies:  Smoked SalmonShrimp CocktailOystersProscuitto Wrapped Mozzarella with Tomatoes and Balsamic GlazeSteak TartareShamefully, I admit to having more than one gluttonous bite of each of the above...plus I split a delicious spinach salad with warm bacon dressing.  Main course?  What main course?  Oh yeah, how could I forget?  I had a perfectly prepared Filet Oscar which was a beautifully prepared filet (medium rare of course) stuffed with crab stacked on top of tender asparagus and drizzled with hollandaise.  My husband had the Grille Delmonico which was a mouth-watering rib-eye with an earthy porcini mushroom rub.  Absolutely incredible.  Oh, and lobster mac and cheese and truffled parmesan French fries?  I was in heaven.  As if I had not done enough damage to my insides, then came dessert.  About five or six of them came around the table.  I'm a big chocolate fan and they certainly did their chocolate desserts justice with their chocolate hazelnut cake and their flourless espresso chocolate cake, but their coconut cream pie was to die for.  My only gripe about this place - any nice restaurant I've been to in Vegas has an amazing bar with incredible bartenders.  This place didn't.  My husband's mojito was not muddled correctly and was waaay too sweet as was my lemon-drop martini.  The mojito was not even drinkable.    The bartender didn't apologize when we had to send the mojito back and didn't ask if we wanted something else instead.   I want to knock off one star for the prick, but the rest of the experience was so good it just doesn't seem fair.  Especially since dinner service was stellar and our waitress was friendly, rolled with the punches for our large group, and definitely took care of us.  I would definitely come back to this place - even with all the other enticing restaurant ads in town - Capital Grille taught me that "classic" doesn't mean "boring."  They made that lesson pleasant to learn.  But be warned - wear your dessert pants.
5	Had what will definitely go down as one of my best meals ever here.  We had a big party, but the waiter and other servers were awesome and constantly made sure we were happy.  The calamari here is the best I have ever had, and there was tons of it!  My fish was cooked perfectly, and their deserts were great.  I still have the waiters business card for my next work outing there.  Yes, the waiter had business cards.  Who knew???
4	The Capital Grille is really good and consistent.  I've been to two locations, one in Boston and the other in Vegas.  Both had impressive food and great service.  Our waiter in Vegas provided good suggestions on which entree to pick and paired it with a nice Pinot Noir.  I had the filet oscar and finished off my meal with their signature coconut cream pie dessert.  Yum.  I would rate it five stars, but I am hesitant to rank any corporate franchise that high.  Its close though.
5	Amazing food. Pretty much any steak here will be great. Definitely try the lobster mac & cheese. The service is impeccable. Expect to spend about $100 for two, not including wine. I will come back here every time I come back to Vegas.
4	The best time to come here is for lunch.  You are almost guaranteed a table with a terrific view.  In the evening I find it too noisy and over crowed.  They alway have wonderful soups and specials.  In addition to wonderful steaks I fancy their crab cakes and salads.  The wine list is fairly extensive here.  A nice touch-- if you are wearing black they will switch out your napkin so you don't get white lint on your clothes.  Touches like that make a difference.  One huge complaint--no apparent dress code.  I was in for a dinner service once where I was surrounded by people in jeans, sneakers, and baseball caps.  I don't appreciate that.  If I want to sit around and look at tables of people dressed all ghetto I'd have gone to the Peppermill (Not to knock the Peppermill;it can be fun at 4 a.m. when I am super drunk)  At least Ruth's Chris keeps it classy with a dress code.
5	This is one of those places where you just have to let it happen. The service, the food, the comfortable space all come together to deliver a relaxed delicious dining experience. You know everything on the menu is going to be good, and you know the service is going to be good, and for most people it will be a *splurge* with as pricy a menu as any good steakhouse would have. good for a romantic dinner for two or for a festive group. Elegant but not *whack you up side the head if you aren't in a jacket* dressy. We found it by accident out walking one balmy evening on the strip. I looked up and saw the windows and could tell from the street what kind of experience it would be. Nothing that will surprise you or knock your socks off. Thats not what  The Capitol is about. Just lux, delivered well.
3	My first experience with The Capital Grille was at their new restaurant in downtown Seattle, which has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants. So, when I saw that there was one directly across the street from my hotel in Vegas I thought "hey, why not!" The room wasn't ready yet anyway, and I was famished so I headed over.Sitting at the bar, because there's no better place to meet people and have a good time in any Vegas restaurant, I ordered my newly discovered favorite appetizer - the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The flavor was great (it was cheese wrapped in meat after all) but the presentation was not quite up to Seattle standards. I guess maybe they don't need to try as hard because they've been around for several more years than their Seattle counterpart.Overall the restaurant itself was very similar (surprise, it's a chain) with dark wood, brass, and paintings of famous people, most of which I don't even recognize. But it does come off a little cheesy, especially seeing that the Vegas Capital Grille is located in a mall. Oh well. At least I still have Seattle!
5	What to say about The Capital Grille?? Well for starters I LOVE THE CAPITAL GRILLE!!!!! This is my fourth time coming here and I am continually impressed by this place. I have been to quite a few steak houses ( Boa, Smith & Wollensky, etc.) and this place is by far the best!!! The decor is wonderful with dark woods, brass fixtures, and huge Tiffany style chandeliers. There is about a 180 degree view of the city from the 3rd floor restaurant. There is a perfect level of jazz being played through out the restaurant. Just loud enough to be heard and drowned out some of the noise but not to loud that you hear it over your own conversation. We were seated immediately in a very private booth with a nice view of the city. Shortly after our server appeared with a basket of warm, fresh breads and butter. The basket contained what seemed to be  sourdough, sesame and poppy seed rolls, a sweet brown bread, and a flat sesame type flat bread. For our appetizer we had the Pan Fried Calamari with Hot Cherry Peppers.($13) This is the best calamari I have ever had.( and I have put away a few tons of calamari in my life!!) It comes out in a heaping pile which is then french served to us by our server. We squeeze a little lemon on it and that's all it needs. It is not served with a sauce which it did not need anyway. It is crispy and not chewy, sweet from the cherry peppers but also a little heat from them. Just the perfect amount of flavors that result in it not needing sauce or anything else just to be eaten and enjoyed.The second course was a Spinach with Warm Bacon Dressing Salad.($9) They split it for the GF and I in the kitchen which was nice. It was a perfect sized salad with the right amount of fresh bacon, hard boiled egg, and red onion. The salad was excellent and it reminded me of the one my great grandma used to make me when I was a kid. Which no other spinach salad has done for me. Another great course.For our entrees I had the 24 oz. Dry Aged Porterhouse. ($41) It was HUGE and TENDER!!! The New York Side was so good it reminded me of a filet. Then I tasted the filet side which I could only compare to something just melting in your mouth. It was cooked to a perfect Med Rare. It is not served with and sauce nor does it need it. It is just excellent meat served by itself for you to enjoy. The GF had the Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin with Caramelized Shallot Butter. ($40) It was served on a plate topped with the caramelized shallot butter and two shallots. This was quite a large steak as well. The couple bites I had were amazing. You could taste the coffee but also the sweetness from the caramelized shallots. It was also insanely tender. WOW what a wonderful steak. For our sides we ordered The Parmesan Truffle Fries and the Lobster Mac-N-Cheese.  The fries were awesome great truffle flavor and crunchy but not to oily. The lobster mac was Great!! Excellent flavor and lots of large chunks of lobster. It was so rich we couldn't even finish it. We finished off our meal with their signature coconut cream pie and the flour-less chocolate espresso cake. My GF loved the coconut cream pie. I love coconut cream pie but thought this one was good nothing too special. Now the flour-less chocolate cake on the other hand was the best thing ever. Little hints of espresso and raspberry sauce and a thick chocolaty fudge like consistency. AMAZING!!! The ONLY bad thing was my GF only ate about 1/4 of her steak so we asked for it to go. You guessed it someone threw it away!!!!! I finally had a reason to give this place 4 stars. Then our server stepped up and said the kitchen was making a new one right now and cooking it to rare so we could finish it off at home and it would come out medium rare!!! WOW that's a save!! 5 stars welcome back. All I have to say is please try this place. For the size and quality this place is a little cheaper than some of the others in town and I think it is the BEST. Service is always good and the food never disappoints.
3	My husband insisted that we come to eat at The Capital Grille as his buddy from the Army had strongly recommended this place.  It's actually a chain restaurant owned by Black Angus.  Just a little interesting tidbit thrown in there for ya!  He's eaten at the Washington D.C. and Philadelphia location so now, he can add LV to his list of CGs he's been to.  My husband has raved about the quality of food and service he has received from the other locations for months so we decided to give it a try!A group of at least 10 of us had taken a trip to LV for the weekend.  On our last evening, we had a nice dinner with Constantine as our server.  I kid you not, that was his name.  I thought of the movie, "Constantine" which suuuucked!  Anyhoo, he looked nothing at all like Keanu Reeves.  I was a bit disappointed by the food.  For appetizers, we had the pan fried calamari with hot cherry peppers which came out a bit cold.  The presentation was not impressive as it looked like limp, fried calamari bits strewn about, mixed with cherry peppers.  CG is known for its steaks so for the main course, I had the Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin with Carmelized Shallot Butter.    I was sold on the title of the dish but upon coming out, the meat was dry after stating that I did want it cooked medium rare.  My husband had ordered the Steak Au Poivre which looked amazing and he ate every, single bite of it.  There are no sides that accompany the steak dishes so we ordered fresh vegetables and mashed potatoes.  What saves this restaurant are the desserts.  We tried the key lime pie, creme brulee, and the flourless chocolate espresso cake.  The key lime pie as my husband stated, "Was on point."  It is a pricey place.  Two people would easily cost $150 without drinks.  The view is beautiful so request to be seated near the window.  I'm torn on weather I'd come here again.
3	we made a reservation for 12 for a bachelorette party... and they sat us in a private room by the wine display, which was very nice. our waiter was very funny, polite and entertaining... best waiter i've ever had probably. :)the only thing i didnt like... was the food. which would be the major thing. i would not come here again to a large sum on ok food... it was probably what i had tho, i had t a soup and salad since nothing else appealed to me. i dont eat steak and am not fond of big chunks of chicken... or lobster... so i guess i am bias. the atmosphere was nice, but not something id want to do again.
3	This place is located at the Fashion Mall in Vegas across from the Wynn.  Very nice decor and service.  The place was dark much like many steak houses, but this was more upscale.  The appetizers were good, but small in portion.  The steaks were pretty good, but I honestly had better.  Cost was off the hook.  I'm not cheap, but to pay this much for a steak that I feel is better at another place is ridiculous.Anyway, if you want to impress someone, take them here for the view of the strip, ambiance and the the high prices.  Don't forget to valet as well.  If you just want to eat a good steak, go elsewhere.
4	I have definitely had better steaks than at the Capital Grille. However, they do have one dish that consistently makes my mouth water at the mere thought, and that is the lobster mac n' cheese. OMG I know it's served as a side dish but you can make that for me as my meal! Please be sure to try this dish when you visit. Overall, the fine dining was good and the service was great.
4	A bit of a snotty spot. When I asked for water they brought me a bottle of Fiji water which we were then charged $7 for. I meant tap. But anyhow, the food tasted great and the view was amazing. I would come here again.
5	Absolutely delectable. I was here with a reservation for someone's birthday and their treatment of the reservation and their thought and effort into decorating our table in advance was beyond great. The service was awesome as well.I had the lobster bisque which is by far one of the best lobster bisques I've had to date as well as their New York cut steak and sauteed mushrooms. Definitely one of the better places in Las Vegas to visit for steak.
3	Went here for a business lunch, so my views are probably skewed since I didn't pay. If I was paying this might have been a 2 star. Service/atmosphere/views were awesome. Got to watch the Frontier sign come down during lunch.. sweet! Mint Lemonade: yummyBread basket: Warm and delish but nothing special.Calamari: Honestly not that exciting. Just pretty good. Crab/lobster cake: kinda disappointing. It had a slightly fishy taste and was rather "mushy". Lobster salad: I asked the waiter how mayonaisy (yup I made that word up just now) it was.. and he claimed it had very little. The thing came out and was very goopey and kinda gross. I felt sick all day after eating it. Cappucino: FAB.. gotta love the rock candy stir stick. Bumping up a star despite my gross entree because the experience was really nice. Plus my fellow diner's prime rib sandwich looked awesome.. plus their burgers are supposedly the best (per Consumer Reports). It's a decent place to eat in Vegas.. but with so many better options nearby (namely Babareeba, StripBurger, Isla, hell anything at the Wynn if you have that kind of cash.. etc), it's hard to get that excited about coming here.
4	You know, I have been to Capitol Grille in Las Vegas and in Scottsdale, but dammit, I have yet to make it into the Dining Room!  I love this place, it has the nicest bar area and Ichibod, the bartender in Las Vegas made me one of the best Lemon Drops I've ever had.  He's probably one of the nicest guys you ever want to meet also!    The Stoli Doli is pretty good too.I must go back and try the food.  BF loves it.  I love the atmosphere.  Very romantic, comfortable and service is great.
4	The service was great and the server was informative and amusingly enthusastic about the food, especially the appetizers.  For a fancy place the prices were unexpected, meaning lower than I expected due to the fanciness.  ie - dry aged steak for $25
5	Let's face it: if there is a better a la carte steakhouse open to non-members in all of North America, I want to know what and where!  The chain holds to consistent standards of excellence, known for their on-premises dry-aged prime cuts and superior service. The Las Vegas location holds up its end of the deal.   The atmosphere is what I'd call "hunt club" - dark rich woods, elegant but not overstated decor (in this location the unique feature is painted potraits of famous local entertainers). This location adds a 3rd-story view of the Wynn casino and surrounding neighborhood.  Service is imbeccable - timely, welcoming, classy, attentive, & knowledgable about fine cuisine.  Although the atmosphere is elegant and cuisine very high-end, the staff make you feel right at home (even if you arrived in merely a dressy casual fashion). A special mention is deserved for our waiter David.  Ah, but ultimately it's about the food. Let's start off with the Procuitto-wrapped mozzarella appetizer, served over mildly-oiled toasted crisps with cherry tomatoes and banana peppers. The combo of textures and flavors was on the money. My friend had the steak au pouvre with courvosier sauce. I'm not generally a big pepper steak fan but the tenderness, the rich sauce, and the just-right touch of pepper were a winner. My porcini-rubbed Delmonico may be the most exquisite such cut I've ever had; cooked to a PERFECT medium, melt-in-your-mouth juicy, with a delicate sweetness from the rub. Wow!  I somehow found a way to eat the whole cut. Desert for me consisted of a homemade DARK chocolate ice cream that was so rich it should have come with bodyguards. A hint of mousse-like quality but clearly ice cream. Exquisite! Overall: As my buddy Matt put it, an experience for all the senses. If the opportunity arises, I WILL return, as I have to the Captial Grille in Denver. My compliments to the staff, and Bon apetite to you lovers of fine cuisine!
5	We had a really nice experience. Our server was Monica and she was so helpful. She gave great recommendations on the menu. The atmosphere and the food was great . We left there happy and full... Whenever we go to Vegas we will definitely go  to Capital Grille again.
3	I am a fan of the Capital Grille in DC, however, I was really disappointed with my dining experience at this location.  I expect top notch service whenever I dine at a high end restaurant.  This establishment was extremely busy, so busy that the bus boys were running carts into patrons.  The service was extremely slow and it took our food forever to arrive. I wish I could say this was one of the best steaks I've ever had, but that wasn't the case.  I would like to try some of the other steakhouses like The Cut, Del Frisco's, Envy, and BLT.
4	I really enjoyed the lamb chops, salad, lobster mac & cheese and sauteed spinach.  I haven't had an opportunity to visit Capital Grille in Chicago yet but I definitely enjoyed my experience in Las Vegas.
5	WOW, this place is awesome. I was taken here for my birthday last year and wow was I impressed, they even took the extra effort to give me a birthday card that was closed with a seal.I had a steak with wild mushrooms and it was definitely one of the best steaks I've ever had.  I would come back here without thinking twice.
5	What a classy spot. We took a couple here to celebrate their anniversary. It could not have been a better choice. The room is beautifully appointed with celeb portraits. We were seated by a window with a great view. Rose petals decorated the table. Four of us were served sparkling wine (gratis), and the celebrants were presented with a card. We  dined on chowder and French onion soup with our assortment of fresh breads. The salmon was moist and tender; swordfish delicate and flavorful. Four generous lamb chops and filet rounded out our varied selections. We   shared fantastic au gratin potatoes and creamed spinach. Then the  waiter brought a dessert platter for the anniversary couple which they  shared after extinguishing the candles. We loved the light cheesecake,  chocolate cake, and berries with our coffee. Dessert was also comped.  Wonderful service was provided throughout. Minor criticism: coffee was a  bit weak. This is top notch dining and well worth the price.
4	This is certainly a fancy place so imagine how I felt getting off the elevator in shorts, a t-shirt and backward hat.Despite my dress I was nicely welcomed by the hostess who directed me to an area set aside for our private group.  While there we were treated to all the appetizers and free booze we could handle.  I especially liked the chicken skewers prepared with some sort of Indian spice.The Capital Grille is located inside the Fashion Show mall, but well away from the crowds.  The dining area has lots of windows with great views of the strip.  I would definitely come back here (properly dressed) for a date night or a business meal.  The have bottles of wine along the walls dedicated to famous people.  I especially took note of the Edward Kennedy bottle, since it was the evening of his memorial.I can only give four stars right now because my experience was atypical.  But once I experience an actual meal here, I'm sure it will get a full five.
5	This place rocks!! The lobster mac and cheese, Truffle fries, Calamari, Lobster Bisque.... Everything I tried was soooo good!! Their signature drink, Vodka infused pinapples...Mmmmm.... That was the best...if you want to have a really nice dinner on the Vegas strip this is a great place to go...
4	Lots of buzz about The Capital Grille...Had dinner there tonight and although it probably isn't suited for the veggies, I still had plenty of delicious items to nosh on.Started off with the bread basket - there were a varieties of breads, I chose the pumpernickel with raisins, it was soft and fresh.  Next, I opted to go with light fare for dinner:1. Chopped Salad - romaine and iceberg lettuces, corn, asparagus tips, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, crunchy parmesan croutons, all served with a side of house made ranch...Fresh and lovely.2. Truffle Fries w/ parmesan - Oh yeah, baby!In conclusion, I thought my dinner was excellent...Furthermore, if I could ever be tempted out of being a veggie by some delectable piece of meat, I honestly believe that a dry aged steak at The Capital Grille would be a prime candidate.P.S. Our waiter was a sweetheart.
5	Great food and Excellent Service!
5	I've been loving Capital Grille for many years now. I was so happy when they finally opened one in Vegas (after being a frequent regular at the ones in Boston).This place is a very manly steakhouse. Don't take your group of girls there!It's all about fat hunks of aged beef grilled at extremely high temps and charred on the outside. Enjoy with a nice full Cabernet...If you dare... the French onion soup (crock only please) is the BEST I've ever had (when I'm there on a good night... even when not it's excellent). Go there with the guys and order what I always did... not on the menu anymore... 20 oz. NY Strip medium rare. If they say it's not on the menu insist! Don't worry about the size, take the rest home for a steak sandwich tomorrow... the key is the thickness of the meat. More like a mini roast that allows the outside to be nice and charred while the entire center is a really nice red. Think 'that steak scene in the Matrix' (the movie) and you'll love this place.
4	I have always been a fan of the Capital Grille being from Boston.  This addition did not fail.  Great food, great service and well done drinks.  Thanks as well for the wonderful Truffle fries.  They were wonderful!!
4	my wife and i decide to celebrate our 7th aniversariy having a nice dinner so after shooping at the mall we went to the capital grille, and a hostest who was on the phone tellus to wait for our table, after 7  to 10 minutes i askher if we can go to take a drink at the bar in the mean time, so she just point the way to the bar, we ordered a cuple of glasses of champagne, and after 2 glasses we finaly get our table, rigth on the window, facing las vegas boulevard, super nice view, so one waiter named francisco, come and great us and askus if we were ready to order, but a that time we didint look the menus yet so i askhim about cheffs specials and he toldme  thay are sold out, so im ordered the calamari apetizer, soo   gooooood, the spicy chilis what they put on them make them realy spicy and delicius, i get the porcini rub rib eye, and my wife the coffe steak, the food was exclelent, but im was tryng to surprise my wife with a nice bottle of red wine and the server never show up with the wine list again, because im iskhim to check the real wine list, the expensive one, so when we almost were finish he come back and give me the wine list, a little vit late, because i was finish whit my steak but i still take a look, great seleccion, if i will get that a little bit early i will get at list one of thee opus one of theyr list but its ok nex time at list i know they have on so we order desert  the cococnut pie, so rich and sweet so we going to come back at list for desert
4	So far it seems that I visit this Capital Grille each January during the Consumer Electronics Show, and I have yet to be disappointed.  I rarely stray from the wedge salad, and delmonico steak.  The wedge salad is a quarter of an entire head of lettuce, drenched in a ladle of thick blue cheese dressing and sprinkled with one-quarter inch cubes of what could be described as "bacon bits".  The steak was perfect as usual.  For a side dish, the waiter recommended the lyonnaisse potatoes, a mix of idaho potatoes roasted crisp with caramelized onions.  The potatoes were a bit on the salty side, but i could not help but eat all of them anyway.Now I just need to wait until next January...
5	Food: 4 StarsWaiter Service: 6 StarsOur waiter was Kelly Taylor and by far this was the best service I have ever had. A true professional.The food was quite wonderful also, I had a Fillet, with his recommended butter shallot sauce with Kona Coffee? I didn't even listen to what he suggested I said yes, and what came out was truly a culinary miracle. It was as juicy as can be and the sauce was simple incredible.This will be a usual place when I am in town.
3	Came here based on a friend's recommendation, who's previous tastes have not let us down.  The ambiance is very nice with a nice view of the Wynn and part of the strip.  What we ordered:Caprese salad:  The mozarella was decent, but nothing spectacular.  The tomatoes were average, I'm surprised they didn't try using heirlooms here.  The balsamic vinegar was the highlight of the dish and made an otherwise average dish a little better.  Kona crusted filet mignon:  Boyfriend ordered this.  It wasn't bad, I've had better.  The Kona crust gave a different flavor to the steak, but the filet was a little on the dry side.Porcini rubbed delmonico:  At first, it was over-cooked.  Ordered medium-rare / medium and it came out more towards medium / medium-well.  I cut it next to the bone and it was just pink.  I really hate to send food back, for the price I was paying, I was not too happy. The second steak was cooked to perfection.  Very good marbling.  The rub added a nice touch to an otherwise tasty steak.Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms:  A mix of mushrooms sauteed with butter.  Good mushrooms, nothing spectacular, nothing to complain about.Cheesecake:  Not your ordinary cheesecake.  First of all, it is round.  It is not as dense as your typical cheesecake, which is a good thing to me.  There is a creme brulee-like crust over the top.  Save room for this.Overall, dinner for two ended up costing us over $100, and it came out to about $250 with alcohol.  The service was good, I would probably have given them a 4 if the steak was prepared to my liking the first time around.  If you are a salt and pepper steak fan like I am, I would look somewhere else.  But if you want to try something with flavors you can't find anywhere else, this is worth a shot.
4	My boyfriend and I went for Valentine's day this year and had an amazing dinner. Alex was our awesome server and he recommended our new favorite wine. Pricey but definitely worth it if you like Cabernet Sauvignon. We started with their Clam Chowder and Caprese salad. Without a doubt, their Caprese was the best I have ever tried. Their Clam Chowder was also very good but not the best.  I ordered the Seared Tenderloin with Butter Poached Lobster and my boyfriend ordered the Dry Aged Sirloin steak. My steak and lobster were delicious, but holy cow, my boyfriend's steak was so flavorful! We ordered two sides and barely touched them since we were focusing on our steaks. Make sure not to over order since their sides are big. Each side can serve about four people. Overall, a great dinner overlooking the Las Vegas Strip.  If you eat here, do request a window seat.
5	This place is definitely as good as it gets. The service is impeccable. The atmosphere is wonderful. My favorite thing to order is the Porcini Delmonico (dry aged rib eye). You also gotta try the crab cakes, it comes with this fresh sweet corn salsa. mmm. A good place to celebrate or take a hot date to. Holla!
5	I stopped by here yesterday for dinner and ordered the french onion soup, rib-eye steak, creamed spinach, truffled fries.The onion soup was strong with huge amounts of cheese.....great flavor except the soup was so hot that it burned my mouth:(The steak was super, super tasty.The fries and creamed spinach were super good...perfect sides!!THE VIEW and furnished interior is OUTFUCKING STANDING..........!!One of the most beautiful restauants that I have been in.....love the seats....love the sights of the strip!.Very romantic.....
2	Was advised to come here. A little disappointed. Steak wasn't great. I always get a rib-eye cooked med/rare. It came out a little overcooked. For the price and atmosphere I expected much better.
5	Delmonico steak is my favorite. No. 1 steakhouse for me! I love everything....atmosphere, customer service, lobster mac and cheese! Can't go wrong at Capital Grille!
1	The waiter ran like hell when we cut into the Steak . We never saw him again. It was so overcooked it wasn't edible. When we flew home the first thing we did was order a nice steak to make up for ones we had at Capital Grille.
4	my boyfriend took me here for my birthday and i had lovely experience. dang the waiter here was just so super! i actually really liked the their grilled mushroom side. that was really really delicious. my steak i wasn't  very impressed with.  it was lovely dining experience but i think i've had better food for the price of the bill.  I'm not complaining on anything i just think at the high end restaurant like this i walk in expecting great service and food, but to say i give 5 will be overrated. i've only had very few 5 star experience and this could well be one of them being in the lovely atmosphere and the service, but i don't think it was a five star food, and even though my steak was cooked the way i wanted it and the decor of the plate was very nice, i've had better steaks, although their sides were surprisingly delicious! i think i think its fair to give 4 stars but i don't know if i'll be back there unless i get invited out.
3	One word - stodgy. We decided to eat here after I received a gift card from a friend. I felt completely out of place. It wasn't very busy. Probably because it was way past the early bird witching hour. Or perhaps because there were three other fantastic steak places in a .5 mile radius *cough* Delmontico *cough*.The worst part? As I sit here writing this review I can't even remember exactly what I ordered - some steak..knowing me it was a fatty of a rib eye. A good 50 dollar piece of meat should leave an impression on me and not just on my wallet. So - come here if you like consistency (its a chain) not nothing really special.
5	This is a must when my wife comes with me to Vegas.  I like the place but she loves it. The lobster bisque is the bomb.
4	STOLI DOLI. That's the number one reason to stop by the Capital Grille in Fashion Show Mall. Stoli vodka infused with pineapple. It's a simple drink with not a lot of bite, but don't be fooled into thinking it's not potent. The concoction is allowed to sit for over a week in a large glass jar, which makes the vodka taste sweet and smooth. And it goes down easy, maybe a little too easy.After hanging out at the bar for a bit our party of four got a table in the dining room. While not my top choice of steakhouses in Las Vegas, The Capital Grille is still a good, dependable place to eat. It's a national chain and we've tried other locations before (in DC). It's got an old-fashioned, buttoned-up steakhouse feel. The kind of place that is perfect for the power lunch crowd.As for the food, most of what we had was very good. The calamari was excellent and crispy. The lobster and crabcakes had large chunks of both crab and lobster with not much filler. The lobster bisque was a little on the bland side. The chopped salad was by far the worse thing we ate. I could pick leaves and weeds from my back yard, toss them in a dish and it would taste similar to their salad. All the steaks (delmonico, filet, and filet oscar) we had were perfectly cooked and seasoned and very tender. For desert we had the chocolate hazelnut cake, obnoxiously big and large enough for four people to share, it was deliciously chocolatey, sweet and moist.Our waiter did a solid job the whole night, except when the check arrived. He accidentally rung up another tables order on ours. So our bill was over $100 more than expected. For a restaurant of this caliber and a staff that is this well trained that type of error should never happen. But our waiter was quick to correct it and apologized profusely. Not the best way to end dinner, but it still didn't take away from the fact that the food is very good, although very traditional and conservative.
5	Simply stated, Capital Grille is the only place to go for drinks in the Fashion Show Mall. No, change that; it is the only place to go for drinks in Las Vegas!   Ichabod mixes a gin martini like a bartender from the forties. Love him!! Everybody loves him!! You will love him too!!
5	If you're sitting at the bar to get a quick bit to eat, I promise you that you won't be disappointed.  My bartender (native Boston) was friendly, conversational and provided great recommendations and service.  Try the bar menu especially the lamb lollipops.  Off of the regular menu, the beef carpaccio with arugula and lemon vinaigrette was simple and clean.  Very refreshing.  But last but not least, cheesecake with berries was a dessert made for two.  It was light and airy...simply heaven.  I look forward to having a full dining experience there.
5	We visited this restaurant for my recent birthday.  Wow, great view, especially at night if you attain a window seat.  The appetizer we devoured was Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella with Vine Ripe Tomatoes...great!  I had the steak & lobster (note very light on lobster in this meal-small portion) with side of fries drizzled with truffle oil...this alone is worth the meal! My husband had the dry aged sirloin with asparagus & dessert creme brulee.  We had enough food to make another meal for the next day! Atmosphere, service and meal were one of the best I have experienced...a glass of nice champagne finished the evening off nicely.  Give this place a try!
5	This is probably my favorite place that my bf has taken me for our anniversary. The service was phenomenal. They knew it was our anniversary and they had rose petals and a card laid out for us on our table. The card read "thank you for celebrating with us, from the Capital Grill." The server even came up to us and gave us some complimentary sparkling wine for our celebration. I was in awe at how well we were treated. I ordered the veal and my bf ordered the lamb chops. We opted for creamed spinach and Au gratin potatoes for our sides. While we waited for the food (which was a pretty quick wait) they gave us a complimentary bread assortment which was pretty tasty. The food came out and I astonished; It looked so delicious! And boy did it taste even better! Both of our plates were bursting with flavor, and the sides were an awesome compliment. The server checked up on us every 10 minutes or so to fill up our glasses and make sure everything was perfect. When we were almost done with our plates he told us to save some room because they had a "surprise" for us. Of course that put a couple big smiles on our faces!We were just about done with our food when the server brought out a center cut piece of creme brulee cheesecake with a candle placed right in the middle for us. He said it was on the house from Capital Grill and that they hoped we really enjoyed our anniversary. Mmmm, that cheesecake was sooo delicious! My mouth is drooling just thinking about it!We had an exceptional dining experience here. I've never had such incredible service anywhere. I hope they stay the way that they are because we'll be sure to come back very soon!Thank you for making our anniversary so wonderful!
4	I have to entertain a lot and this is probably my go to restaurant and I have been to many here.1.  Food is at least comparable to all other steak houses, and slightly better.  Bone in Rib Eye is fantastic.2.  Service is extraordinary.3.  Views are great.4.  Reservationists are absolutely first class and make you feel like you are a VIP.5.  Parking and access on the North Side Valet is the best and quickest.Many of the other LV steak places make it feel like it is a privilege that you are there and that you can even eat there. I do not like the entitlement type of establishment and this is why I love Capital Grill. I eat there about 6-8 times a year
5	Dinner here made for a great evening.  The views from almost anywhere in the restuarant are excellent.  You can look out on the strip, specifically Wynn/Encore and Venetian/Palazzo.Our server Marc was great.  From the second we sat down until the second we left he was on top of everything.  This level of service is what pushed my rating up from a four star to a five star.The bread they bring out is great.  There is an option for everyone.We chose to do the wine tasting.  For only $25 you get to taste several great wines.  This is a great deal and i recomend it for anyone that enjoys wine.  It is only offered seasonally though.I ordered the dry aged steak au poivre with a courvoisier cream sauce.  I orderd it medium rare.  It came out cooked exactly as ordered.  It is amazing that so few places get this part right.  The crushed black pepper crust gives the meat a nice spice.  The cream sauce helps smooth it out.  They make a great combination.For a side we ordered au gratin potatos.  They are terrific.  The portion is huge.  Easily split between 2 to 4 people.  There is plenty of cheese and the homemade chip crust gives them a great texture contrast.The wife ordered the chop salad.  It looked great and she said it tasted even better.This is more expensive than the average meal, but the service alone makes it worth every penny.
5	I was a bit skeptical about going to Capital Grille where I was part of a party celebrating my friend's birthday but I must say I was very pleasently surprised. Everything was immaculate starting from the decor and a view through service and food. Appetizers were outstanding - fried calamaries with jalopeno and red peppers were melting in my mouth and I could not stop eating them. My salmon was very well prepared and a portion was very generous; i tried my friend's steaks and they were  all perfectly prepared and delicious. Service was extremely attentive. Well deserved five stars
4	We were staying at the Wynn Hotel and decided try this restaurant after watching the 7 PM La Reve show. The restaurant is located at the Fashion Show Mall just across the hotel. We pick this restaurant based on the recommendation of Yelp and Open table. Reservation was done through Open Table.The place is elegant with dark wood paneling all around. It is located at the third floor corner of the building fronting the Las Vegas Strip and the view is gorgeous.My wife and I both ordered the Bone-in Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin and shared a wedge salad. We also ordered fresh creme spinach and Vidalia onion rings for our side. Overall, the service is very attentive and good. The ambiance is great. The portions are big and more than enough even if you are starving.The steak is comparable with the other good higher end steakhouses. I still prefers Mastro's but will not hesitate to come back nor recommend this place.
5	This is a great place to go if you want great food out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas!  Service, food, and view was fantastic.  Our waiter Jimmy, was great.  Food is ala carte and portions are quite large. Will return when I go back.
3	This is a Lunch Review.This was the last stop of our "Vegas Food Tour" before we trotted our butts back to Los Angeles. We decided to go here because they were apart of restaurant week and they were offering the most diverse selection on their pre-fixed menu compared to other places participating. It was $30.10 per person for a 3-course lunch.My first impressing upon walking in to this place was... "YOU FANCY HUH?!?!" Its located in the fashion show mall, so I wasn't really expecting anything super fancy, but it was. White table clothes, dark wood, wine glasses, and lunch having executives. We were greeted by the host, a not so friendly older lady, who didn't really give us the impression that she wanted us to eat there. But we shrugged it off and the service actually ended up being pretty good. 1st course:I went for the clam chowder. This dish was actually a pleasant surprise due to its copious amounts of clams. It had a nice creamy but not too oily soup base with my oh so favorite oyster crackers! The GF went for the french onion soup. I wasn't much of a fan, I thought it was a bit too salty but she on the other hand likes that kinda thing so she loved it. It was the run of the mill french onion soup IMHO.2nd course:She was starving so she opted for the The Grille's Signature Cheeseburger with truffle fries. This was a very large sirloin patty with smoked bacon, sweet onions, and havarti cheese on an onion roll. If you have an appetite I would most likely suggest this burger because its huge. The truffle fries were delish and friend to perfection. I went for the Seared Citrus Glazed Salmon. It was a large filet of salmon seared to perfection over some asparagus and onions. It was probably one of the most juiciest salmons I've ever had. 3rd course:We went for the usual creme brulee which I think is pretty much the same at most locations. Its pretty hard to do a creme brulee wrong, but of course Capital Grille's was ginormous. And we also got the Strawberries Capital Grille that consisted of fresh strawberries and vanilla ice cream topped with Grand Marnier. This was mediocre, some sweeter strawberries probably would have helped the cause.For what we paid, we definitely got a deal with the enormous portions they served. It was a nice place but the food wasn't super memorable. Dinner may be a different story.
5	Went here on the last day of Restaurant week for my friend's bachelor party.  They had an incredible $50 3-course prix fixed menu and got the wine tasting for $25.  While the food was top notch, the service from the staff and particularly our waiter Alex, was just incredible in every aspect.Alex was very courteous and helpful in describing the menu items, made recommendations on the wine tasting and I think he was generous with the pourings since it was the last day of the promotion and they had some extra wine not on their normal menu.  We were his only table after another party left, so he was very attentive, but his bussers were also awesome.The resturant week promotion also contributes to threequare.org which support local food banks so we got to make a positive contribution for our weekend of debauchery.On to the food:I started out with the french onion soup, it's in a cup, so it's not a huge portion, but it was delicious.  Other folks got the caesar and wedge, no complaints from anyone on the starters.I had the kona-crusted sirloin medium rare which I recommend.  It's on a hot plate so it cooks for a little bit.  Hint of coffee, but plenty of flavor in the crust and juicy meat.The filets also got high marks from the bachelor, and the desserts were pretty good.I don't like to frequent the same restaurants in Vegas since there's so much great food to try, but when they open a Capital Grille in San Diego, I'll be at the ribbon cutting!
5	This place never disappoints. I've been here for both lunch and dinner.My favorite thing to get for lunch is the Dry Aged Sirloin salad. I was surprised at the amount of steak provided. It's a pretty generous amount.The clam chowder, wedge salad, and Bone-in Kona crusted dry aged sirloin are all also beyond tasty. As for dessert, the creme brulee and the fresh strawberries Capital Grille are all sure to satisfy your sweet tooth.Service is excellent. Not as stuffy as I would expect a place like this to be, which I appreciate.I'd eat here way more often, if only my wallet would allow.
3	My review is only so low for the Capital Grille because I don't understand why you would get high priced steaks and wine here instead of the casino steakhouses. The prices are comparable but the casino steakhouses just add some great flair and entertainment. Another problem here is Fashion Show Mall has the worst parking situation ever. Our server Kristen was fantastic and a great time to help out our Capital Grille experience. The Dry Aged Sirloin steak salad is amazing and comes with a great amount of steak. The item is fantastic and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for some steak and salad. All and all the Capital Grille is fantastic but visit it when your in Atlanta, Chicago, New York City and party it up at a place like N9NE while in Las Vegas.
4	We had just rolled into Vegas, were staying right next to the Captial Grille (in the Trump) and wanted to get something to eat.  I called and got reservations for an hour later.  It worked out perfectly!  We wandered in, were met by some very friendly staff and grabbed a bottle of wine in the bar while we waited about 10 minutes for our table.  When we sat at our table, the view was amazing!  We got a table with a view of the strip.  It was so great!  With only an hour notice!  I was a HUGE fan of that!  There must have been some mix-up because we sat for about 10 minutes waiting for our waitress to come by.  But, there was this delightful warm bread almost the moment we were seated and that was all I really needed.  The food:I ordered the proscuitto wrapped mozzarella to start.  It was served warm and the mozzarella seemed to take some of the saltiness out of the dish.  I really liked it.  Hubby had crab cakes to start.For the main, I had the tenderloin and lobster.  It was really flavorful but the lobster didn't really seem necessary.  hubby got the crab stuff shrimp which was also VERY good.  The tartar sauce we SUPER yummy! For the side, we got the brussel sprouts which tasted overly smokey.  I wouldn't get them again.Sure it was pricey, but it was smoke-free, quiet and clean.  Beats the noise of a casino in my book.
5	Located on the 3rd Level of the Fashion Show Mall, Facing Las Vegas Blvd.. It boasts Glass Windows/Walls that showcase the beauty of the adjacent hotel/casino lights and tourists strolling down the streets. Elegantly Furnished with Grand Mahogany cabinets and furniture spread throughout. Classic with a Modern twist.. Order Worthy:Stoli Doli Martini: Fresh, Subtle Pineapple tones and Vodka that goes down real smmooooooth! I'll take another!Lobster Bisque: Heavenly rich, velvety, infused with just the right amount of Lobster creaminess, a couple pieces of Lobster meat and drizzled with a bit of red wine....MMMMmmmMMMMMMMThe Wedge Salad: Quartered mound of Cool Crunchy Iceberg lettuce with Tomatoes and Crispy smoked Bacon and covered with their own bleu cheese dressing. Huge, Great Texture and Oh So Appealing!Delmonico Steak: Epic, Hands Down the Best Steak I've Ever Had My Whole Entire Life!!! Thus Far.. The Prime Example of Tender and Juicy!!!!!Lobster Mac N Cheese: Generous amount of lobster, mac n cheese was cheesy, soft and Scrumptious!Fresh Asparagus with Hollandaise: Hollandaise sauce brings the life out of them Simple Green Arrows! EXCEPTIONAL TASTING STEAK!!!!! All Sides Mentioned Definitely Recommended!! Service Very Attentive, Hip and Couldn't Ask For Anything More!!!! I Rave About This Place To Everyone I Know.. No Bad Feedback Since..
4	So we went here during a very busy week for the SEMA convention. They have an amazing pineapple infused vodka drink called the Stoli Doli, sounds a bit silly but it's actually quite good. They marinate fresh pineapple and infuse it with Vodka and serve it as a martini. Tasty and not too sweet. As for the food, it was good, typical steakhouse fair, the seafood tower was very good, albeit pricey at $96 but it worked great for the 6 of us as an appetizer. The Lobster Bisque was a winner and the chopped salad was good but not great. I ordered the Filet and it was on par with what a good steakhouse should deliver. For sides we ordered mushrooms, potatoes au gratin, lobster Mac and cheese, and string beans. All sides were good but not home runs. Service was average and they seemed ill prepared for the convention business. They made up for it by bringing us a desert sampler that was tasty but we were already stuffed. The single biggest complaint is the parking, it's far and walking to the location as I did from my hotel was no simple task.
4	I've been DYING to try Capital Grill and it just so happened to the bf's boss was taking the team and their plus ones to Capital Grill! Yay!!! Free yummy food all night. Since we were a large group, we had our own lil room with large portraits of unknown men (two to be exact)....the bf mentioned that it was a $3,000 minimum that needed to be spent. We all started off with drinks....my Riesling was not too dry and that's the kind of wine I like. The bf's boss ordered the Coldshell Fish Platter, Pan Fried Calamari and Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella. My favorite out of all of those was the Fried Calamari. I loved how it was a lil spicy, crispy and oh so delicious! YUM! The oysters were HUGE....almost the size of my palm. Everything else was good, but the calamari is what stood out in my mind. For an entree, I decided to go with Seared Tenderloin with the Butter Poached Lobster and a cup of the Clam Chowder. The bf ordered some kind of steak and the Lobster Bisque. This lady at the table was raving about the Lobster Bisque and how it had real chunks of lobster in it. The soups and salads arrived fairly quickly and let's just note that the Lobster Bisque....not so awesome. Clam Chowder was definitely WAY better than the bisque. My beef tenderloins were tender and I believe there were 3 or 4 tenderloins plus the lobster. I thought it was tender and tasty, nothing too special. Lobster was cooked well and was very buttery. I was extremely full by the time my tenderloins came out so I'm not sure I appreciated it to its full extent. For the sides, we shared everything family style. Creamed Spinach, Parmesan truffle fries, Sam's Mashed Potatoes, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Fresh Asparagus with Hollaindaise Sauce, Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms and Au Gratin Potatoes was what was ordered. Out of everything I really loved the Sam's Mashed Potatoes and the Creamed Spinach. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was probably my least favorite....not very flavorful and just not what I expected it to be. The Au Gratin Potatoes had this delightful crust on top which was pretty awesome. Service was attentive and everything was overall fairly good. Nothing was knock me of my chair awesome, but I thought it was a good meal nonetheless.
4	Making my rounds of the steakhouses here in Vegas and this is a must stop for me.  There are 2 CG's in the L.A./O.C. area and I thought I'd try the one here in Vegas, since the restaurant is situated to have spectacular views of the strip.  In our case the Wynn and Encore and southward.  The entrance (from the garage) was a ride up in the elevator directly into the elevator.  I had to adjust my eyes a bit because it was dark with dark mahogany furniture.  We had a table by the window and a birthday card with glitterati candy all over the table - here for my birthday.  Love that!I knew what I wanted to order, since a couple of days before.  I started with the lobster bisque with sherry.  The soup came out piping hot, not too thick and rich with a good amount of lobster strips.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail and forgot that we had until midway into our dinner.  We both ordered the Delmonico steak.  I had my steak prepared medium rare and the hubs had it medium well.  Medium rare the way to go...yumm!  That was a juicy piece with browned fatty corners...mmmm. Tender and tasty.  I knew this steak was taking me down it was 22 ounces! I had a fist size left over which I had later that evening as a snack...yay!  Sam's mashed potatoes was smooth with some chunks of potatoes - gosh, that was creamy rich goodness.  The spinach which I thought was going to be creamed was actually lightly steamed with bacon, I think - the steak was so good that the sides were actually SIDES and not taking over the limelight.  I enjoyed both the mashed potatoes and the spinach.  I would order these again!I guess our server felt bad about forgetting the shrimp cocktail (and not that I was craving it or anything), so she brought our a cheesecake with berries for my birthday "cake." It had caramelized sugar on top and it was so moist that it just broke apart with your fork.  I don't like cheesecake really, but this was very good.  I didn't have a cocktail because I had been drinking most of the day and my tummy wasn't feeling so hot earlier, so I thought I'd take it easy, so I can have a pleasant rest of the night.The service was okay and nothing over the top or spectacular.  Staff was attentive enough.I may visit one of the CG's here in L.A./O.C. At least I know what goodness awaits me.
4	Here's the skimp on the Capital Grille for the average joe..The ambiance is great, service spectacular, prices intimidatingly expensive, mixed with good quality food but just OK flavors.I had the Kona crusted dry aged steak w/ shallot butter. I couldn't taste too much of the coffee flavor but the steak was fairly tender and the portion was huge. The shallot butter was great but I didn't have nearly enough to give the extra amount of flavor it needed. Call me crazy but this steak was not nearly good enough to stand on its own without the saltiness I'm used to. I even had to ask for au jus and even that was pretty bland. For a $47 steak a la carte I expected more flavor, A LOT more.On the other hand, the parmesan truffle fries were amazing (as they are at every other place I've had them). The waiter even gave our table of 5 free shots as well as a complimentary dessert trio because it was my friend's birthday. The coconut cream pie that was part of that dessert was so light and fluffy, definitely the star of the night.What can I say Capital Grille? You have 5 star ambiance/service but 3 star food.
4	I came here for lunch on a friday afternoon especially since friends have raved about the truffle fries here and no way can I turn that down.  First thing that caught my attention was the outstanding service that we received.  My server changed out my white napkin for a black one cuz I was wearing black pants and she didn't want lint to get all over me.  I have been to all kinds of establishments and this was the first time I have had this happen to me...5 stars for that alone.So 2 of us shared a burger and a basket of truffled fries and a mediterranean salad with chicken.  The server had the kitchen split everything for us which was great.  The burger came out on plates that had holes for their sauce container and let me tell you that was one good burger.  This place sure knows how to handle their beef.  And the truffle fries were good but the only back part is I like skinny fries but it was greatr otherwise.  I can't say the same for the chicken in my salad though.  The salad was great but the chicken was dry as h***....which was why I had to take out one star.  I should know by now never order chicken or seafood at a steakhouse.  Definitely will come back again on future visit...the french onion soup looked really good!
5	Just popped in for a drink at the bar.  Try the Stoli Doli.  It was... surreal.
2	I hate to do this to the Capital Grille, but I have no choice. I came with a party of 7 colleagues after a trade show. Service was ok. took everybody's drink orders, but mine. One of our friends was hungry, and didn't realize he had to wait for the spiel before he could order. He asked one of our servers if he could order, and he responded "no" and walked away. Lobster bisque had too much flour, flavorless really. Oysters were good, but nobody stopped to explain if they were pemaquid or kumamoto., and left before we could ask. The seared tenderloins were super tough. Filet  mignon was good. Sauteed mushrooms needed salt, the asparagus was overcooked. The only high point of the meal was the lobster mac' n cheese. Absolutely delicious with perfect crumb topping. I did ask to have some of our sides boxed up, and a server accidentally threw them out. Without any questions, they did prepare new sides for us to take - which was really nice, but I might stick to Mastro's instead next time
5	Capital Grill is Classy Vegas with spectacular service. The quality of food is Great, although a bit on the pricey side but well worth the experience.
4	I like this place. My work goes out once in a while for a special occasion and we chose here. Last time we had a waitress who was really obnoxious though. She was clearing plates as we were still eating off them, etc.They have a great Cesar salad though and the bread basket is a little different and yummy! Not cheap though if you do it right!
4	A group of six of us had dinner here. We ordered a bunch of appetizers to share and also got our own entrees. I don't usually eat beef, but I couldn't resist the 10 ounce filet mignon. I also took the option of adding crab legs, which was delicious but I'm not sure if I would do again as they added $25 to the cost of my entree for only 3 legs. (I think I'll stick to the cheaper option of Red Lobster for crab legs.) The steak, however, was delicious. If you're a fan of macaroni and cheese, definitely try the side dish of  lobster mac 'n' cheese. It's delicious and is made with panko bread crumbs.
5	Beautiful, elegant restaurant with an amazing view. Located on the third floor of the Fashion Show Mall facing the Wynn/Encore, the restaurant's location can be a bit of a journey to find as there is no entrance to the restaurant inside the mall. There is only one door- the front door which is outside- that leads you inside the restaurant, but the food, service & ambiance make the journey worthwhile. The restaurant itself is romantic and classic, with mahogany accents and warm lighting, perfect for a date night or special celebration. The night I went was very busy. I made a 7:30 reservation for a party of 4 earlier in the day, and even though I arrived on time, the rest of my party was running a bit late. Thankfully, the hostess didn't cancel our reservation, and said that they would set up our table once everyone in my party arrived. That was just the beginning of the outstanding service my party and I experienced that night at The Capital Grille. We were seated in a booth next to the floor-to-ceiling windows that encase a good portion of the restaurant. Our server was wonderful- very attentive, knowledgable and energetic. After bringing out our drinks and the bread basket (an assortment of rolls, crackers, etc.), without asking us, he brought us an appetizer of Shrimp Cocktail, saying he thought we would enjoy it. Enjoy it we did. The shrimp were fresh and plump, and the cocktail sauce had a kick. Very good! For the main course, I ordered the Lobster and Crab Stuffed Shrimp- Delicately butterflied shrimp stuffed with fresh lobster and crab, lightly breaded, and roasted with a touch of wine. Good, but not "Oh my goodness, you've got to try this!" amazing. I enjoyed the flavorful, meaty filling, but I found the dish a bit dry. It would have been better with more of the creamy sauce. The rest of my party ordered:Double Cut Lamb Rip Chops- Four, flavorful double cut rib chops with a side of fruit chutney (cherry, I think). The portion size was perfect, and the owner of this dish seemed to enjoy it, as nothing was left on the plate.Cedar Planked Salmon with Tomato Fennel Relish- A fillet of North Atlantic salmon seasoned with fennel pollen, roasted on a cedar plank and finished with lemon mosto and Tomato Fennel Relish. The fillet size was shockingly large, and while the salmon was fresh, the dish lacked seasoning (due to the simple preparation of the fish, which I'm guessing was to highlight the natural flavor of the fresh salmon). Dry Aged Porterhouse Steak- 24-oz. dry-aged steak. Recommended by our server. The portion was enormous, and while there was a lot of meat, it wasn't the best quality of steak (as noted by the owner of this dish). Side order of Parmesan Truffle Fries-  Golden fries tossed in shredded Grana Padano, kosher salt and white truffle oil. Crunchy, savory and the truffle flavor wasn't too overpowering. I really enjoyed this side.Side order of Fresh Asparagus with Hollandaise- Garden fresh asparagus cooked al dente to a most delicate crispness, and served with their own Hollandaise sauce. Side order of Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms- A hearty blend of mushrooms (Portabella, Oyster, Shiitake, and Cremini), slowly oven roasted with extra virgin olive oil, rosemary, thyme and garlic butter. Delicious. We also ordered dessert and coffee to finish the meal. Our server recommended the Fresh Berries in Vanilla Cream- A blend of strawberries, blackberries, raspberries and blueberries in a velvety smooth Creme Anglaise. The dessert was light and not too sweet- a perfect way to end a memorable night.
1	Closes at 11:00PM on Saturday night. WTH? This is Las Vegas, for heaven's sake! We rolled in at about 10:50PM and were denied.
2	Pricey and contrived, this place feels perfect for the tourist crowd and the loud, blow-hardy lunch meeting crowd. At the front desk, the head of the party's name is requested; once at the table, the server addresses the head person by name in an attempt to make the party feel welcome, special, or familiar.  It comes off as lame. That said, our waiter was as nice as could be. We started with glasses of wine (a nice Malbec and a pinot noir, reasonably priced at around $10-$12). The caesar salad that followed was decent but forgettable.For the main, I got "sushi grade tuna" with ginger rice. The tuna was nice and hugely portioned, but I would have preferred it to be sliced before it got to the table.  There's something unpleasantly animalistic about cutting into a giant hunk of raw meat. As a side, we ordered the truffle oil and parmesan fries, which were fantastic.I had espresso pie and an espresso for dessert. Again, both items were decent but forgettable. When all is said and done, I'm 100% OK with this one trip being my last. Nice experience, satisfactory food...but for a bill of $250 for two people, I would have expected a bit more panache.
4	Despite an initial service hiccup, the staff at Capital Grille more than compensated for this upon learning of our wait. Service thereafter was seamless, high-touch - special kudos to certified trainer Michelle Underwood (?)Ranked in order of recommendation:24 oz. Dry-Aged Porterhouse - perfectly medium rare. 3 of us enjoyed this equally much.Lobster/Crab-stuffed Shrimp - this was a beautiful entree but too rich, would strongly recommend sharing.Spinach salad w/warm bacon dressing, onions, mushrooms - delicious.Lobster mac - found this too crunchy - heavily crusted (not light as panko typically might suggest), has a few lobster lump pieces.Generous wine list with a wide range of tastes and price points is a plus.
4	Came here today for my last meal in Vegas and don't regret it! Easily the best meal I've had all weekend ! The view is great and ambience calm very business like dress code is probably business casual but we actually walked in with jeans and flip flops .  Our server, Miri was excellent, very nice and Served us well. She filled our waters constantly and always making sure we were ok.  I ordered the cheeseburger with truffle fries and the hubby ordered the crab/lobster burger. Both of them were heavenly!! Not sure though if it's cause I haven't eaten beef in like 2 +weeks... But I thought he burger was sook good, I only could eat half but it was defineyly juicy, tender and the bacon added tucked undernthe melted cheese added good flavor.  The truffle fries were to die for ... They came out hot and crush topped with Parmesan cheese and truffle oil... Easily one of the best fries I have ever had!! The crab burger came with some tasty tartar sauce and tasted very fresh not too breast. Mostly crab . I also had a bloody Maria which was delicious as well but would have liked to get a olive or two... overall it was a very good meal for a good price ( considering las Vegas drip coffee is almost $4 a cup) a $18 burger is about right ! Yum
1	This place was two thumbs down. =(It's crazy expensive for really nothing special. ugh, what a waist.I had the shrimp caesar salad and it would have been good except they drowned my lettuce in the dressing. I think they charged me $20 for it with only four shrimps... Are you kidding me?I don't remember what the two people I was with ordered but they were not satisfied at all. Still hungry is what they were with the extremely small portions they were served. For what they charge at this place you should be able to leave full and completely satisfied and WE DID NOT.The waiter was nice but in an annoying way and her uniform was three sizes to big for her, sorry it was annoying me. When we went it was quiet because the place was practically empty.Whatever you live and learn.Won't ever visit the Capital Grill again. =:(
5	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas, and had a really difficult time making a reservation at some of the more hip, interesting, celebrity-chef-run restaurants.  I was in the mood for steak, so we took a chance on the Capital Grille, of which there is a sister location in Boston, where we live.  I wasn't excited about going to a chain restaurant, even an upscale one, but we were pleasantly surprised.The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable.  She directed me to a delicious red wine, and had no problem at all with my boyfriend and me sharing a couple of appetizers and an entree, an action that might be frowned upon in other more upscale eateries.  They separated the steak in half prior to cooking it, which was unexpected and wonderful, and gave it to us on two different plates without us having to ask.  The appetizers we shared, the Spinach Salad and the Wagyu Beef Carpaccio, were both great, and actually quite a lot of food, in addition to the warm, fresh bread we were given upon ordering drinks.The star of the meal, the 14 oz. Dry-Aged Sirloin, was cooked to perfection, and the Parmesan Truffle Fries we ordered as a side, were delectable, though we couldn't finish them.Our only issue, and this was a minor one, was that almost immediately after we were seated, and despite an otherwise pretty empty restaurant, a table of four relatively obnoxious people were seated directly next to us.  This might have been more of an issue if the restaurant had remained quiet, but we must have come at the right time, since in the next hour or so, the restaurant filled up quickly, and the irritating folks next to us were drowned out to some extent.I would recommend the Capital Grille to anyone.  It's a classy place with a great menu.
5	Completely enjoyed this place. We had a party of 15 and the service and food was fantastic. I had the Oscar Filet and it was delicious. The sides are truly special...I loved all the potato sides. The advice they gave us on wine was great as well. Fully satisfied with our meal here.
5	We returned to The Capital Grille, this time with some friends. I could not help myself and ordered the dry aged steak au poivre with a courvosier cream sauce again. It did not disappoint. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The cream sauce adds a nice flavor. Of course we had to have a side of the au gratin potatoes. I had talked them up, and after dinner everyone admitted we should have ordered at least one more order of them. The service was very good. The entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Five Year Wedding anniversary and we wanted to do something a little different. Reservations were made. Upon arrival we were greeted as if they had been waiting for us all day. We are escorted to a table clearly set for us. Rose petals on the table with a handwritten anniversary card from the staff. We are both blown away at the level of service at this point. Next, we are introduced to Kelly, Our server. She was so attentive as to what we may be in the mood for. We ordered a bottle of 2007 Franciscan Cab, which was pricey  but a very good choice to go with the meals we decided on. My wife had the Filet with cipellini and mushrooms. She is not a beef lover, yet she couldnt stop praising the flavor and tenderness of the meat. I had the Delmonico with the 12 year aged balsamic. " The best tasting Delmonico I have ever had".To make the meal even better, we had a window table overlooking the strip. All that being said my phone rings the next day with one of the managers following up to make sure we had an exceptional experience. Yes, the pricetag is up there, but for a special occasion and the service received I am still in awe. Thanks Capital Grille!
1	Worst steak ever. Kona dry aged steak was awful. Ordered med rare and got med to med well. They said it was lighting and tried using a spot light to convince me otherwise. It was chewy as leather and there were tendons that were not melted in high enough heat. Go to grand lux instead for their ribeye or the food court next door.
5	This place is amazing! my friend and i went here to check out the place and we were treated like kings. My friend works in Capital Grille Seattle and we got the hook up. Drinks was good too and the food are phenomenal! Definitely going back here. The service is top notch! Everyone is nice and our bill was on the house! We ended up eating at least $250 worth food = ] Amazing place definitely a place to go eat up if you are in Las Vegas!
5	Absolute perfection! I have been to many steakhouses and this one ranks in the top three. I ordered the Delmonico steak cooked medium. It was tender and very delicious! My GF got the Kona steak and said it was amazing as well. The service is great. Our server Nicole was amazingly warm and very knowledgeable. She recommended the Delmonico to me and I appreciated it. Go here for a good dinner, nice atmosphere and great service.
5	Wife and I always make it a point to have dinner here when in Vegas. Previous visit was 3 years back and incredible, so hopes were high for a similar experience.I have to say that we were not disappointed.Table was ready when we arrived and service was spot on. Crab and lobster cakes appetizer was terrific and flavorful with big lobster pieces (wife thought they were tomatoes!). Both ordered the filet, which were cooked as ordered to perfection.No dessert or coffee for us as we we started to slip into a food coma after eating those protein bombs.Eaten at a lot of places in Vegas and this is still a favorite!
4	I made a reservation for my b-day here and we still had to wait 15 minutes at the bar. That is the only bad thing I can say about our visit and why it didn't get 5 stars (since I hate waiting). Our drinks ordered at the bar were free and were taken to our table which had candies all over it and a birthday card with well wishes. Our view was amazing since we were seated in a booth that looked out to the Wynn. Everything was cooked to our liking: buttery steak, mushrooms, and mashed potatoes. Lovely dinner at a classic steak restaurant. I'd return but probably to their LA location for a special occasion since it's a bit pricey.
4	My friend and I were on a 'budget' trip to Vegas (EG: not looking to splurge over $200 per person on dinner) and after some yelp research on his part, we decided to mosey on over here for a nice steak dinner. We didn't have rezzies and yet they sat us by the floor-to-ceiling wall of windows with a spectacular view of the strip. BALLIN'. Service was up-to-par and timely. When it came time to inquire about wines, I always like to ask for suggestions and almost without fail, servers will upsell and recommend the two highest priced wines. Initially I decided to pass on the wine as I already was struggling with a (really stiff!) Manhattan but after a couple bites of my steak, I waved another server down (ours was clearly occupied with the next table which had a party of 6, so I didn't want to interrupt her with my inability to make decisions the first go around) who asked if I liked Malbecs. "ABSOLUTELY". It was priced well, he mentioned it was one of his favourites and since it was not the most pricey wine on the list, I trusted his recommendation. It was a fabulous pairing. We ordered french onion soup (cheesy goodness) which had a nice depth of flavour and wasn't overly salty, the lobster bisque special (this went really well with the Manhattans, strangely), and both of us had filet mignon with mine medium-rare. Great, well-rounded experience.
5	Excellent steaks, seafood and service!  Beautiful view of Las Vegas strip!Wayne Gorsek
3	My $0.02Steakhouses are a dime a dozen in Vegas.  But you already know that.  Seems like there's one on every corner waiting for you to cough up $50+ a pop.  There isn't much to set this place apart from the rest besides the nationally-recognized name (nothing against chains, but I'm just making a point).  The beef here is pretty consistent.  (It never ceases to amaze me at how many times I've had overcooked steak).  I always order the rib eye and on two separate visits, both times med rare was med rare.  Win!  I also tried a friend's kona coffee rubbed rib eye: yet another example of why you should never pay extra to put crap that ruins/asks the flavor of a good slab of beef.On my latest trip we had creamed spinach, mushrooms and the lobster mac & cheese.  Creamed spinach was tasty, mushrooms were acceptable, but the mac and cheese was winners!  Next time, I think we'll just have three orders of that.Aside from the mac and cheese, the one thing that really stood out was the pineapple infused vodka.  Well slap me silly and call me Susan; this stuff is B-O-M-B.  For this drink alone, it is worth at least hitting up the bar.  Also, they have an ok corkage policy.  I think it was $35/bottle, with a two bottle max.All in all, though, a martini and a side dish aren't enough to really warrant handing over a wad of my cash for a middle of the road steakhouse.  Sure, it's better than Outback, but with competition right across the street, this place has room for improvement.  Just my humble opinion.
4	Our dinner there was delightful. I was pleasantly surprised since it is a chain steakhouse. I expected good steak but it was quite well rounded. We were seated almost immediately at 7pm on a Sunday night. The server was very nice and answered alot of pointed questions about the menu and content. We both have dietary restrictions so we definitely put him through his paces. He never got frustrated with us even though we shared a few things. We both got salads. Mine was the chopped salad and was delightful. Then I got the filet mignon medium rare and my friend got the lobster tail. Mine was cooked to perfection and absolutely delicious. Sometimes simple is really best. Thank heavens the steak was way too much meat for me to eat so I didn't have to glare  piercingly at the basket of fresh warm rolls for long. Even so I'm relatively certain they turned to yucky charcoal under my gaze. We were too full to even complain about not getting to order dessert. I took the steak home for a yummy lunch the next day and all was well. Of course we got up to leave and I promptly left the steak at the table....I ran out front and by the time I got back to the table it was whisked away. But all the while they were chasing me down trying to give it too me. I thought that was a nice extra step. Even with the plethora of classic steakhouses out there...I would still go to Capital Grille again if the opportunity and desire arouse.
5	The Capital Grille is an upscale steak restaurant, located in Las Vegas' Fashion Show mall. I have been to the CG in Miami/Brickell several times, but just recently had ate at the one in Vegas. Service in both locations is very good and the food is delicious. We usually order:-chopped salad-french onion soup-bone-in ribeye with chimichurri sauce-au gratin potatoes-sauteed spinich-sauteed mushroomsAll the sides are large enough for sharing and the chimicurri sauce is spiced just right.CG is perfect for a client lunch or a semi-casual dinner with friends.
3	Pretty typical steakhouse experience. Personally I think Morton's is better. The men in our group ordered the dry aged strip steak which they seemed very happy with. When I tasted one I didn't think it was outstandingly better than non-dry-aged steak. The flavor wasn't better or more tender IMHO. My mom and I ordered fish: she citrus glazed salmon, me the tuna. Sides we ordered were asparagus and green beans. Both pretty typical and not treated in any interesting ways.I was told the tuna was sashimi grade and just seared. Little did I know this meant below room temperature in the center. I'm used to my ahi grilled rare/med-rare and I think it's better that way unless you're eating actual sushi. If you're looking for a safe traditional steak house you'll be fine here.Desserts were the best part of the meal. The flourless chocolate espresso cake was delicious. Husband approved of the creme brulee.
4	I looked forward to my dinner at The Capital Grille to close out Restaurant Week in the city that never sleeps. I had dined here three times before, but not for a long while. The ambiance is all Old Vegas, the period when the Rat Pack ruled the Strip. Paintings of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Sammy Davis, Jr. grace the walls, along with a young Elvis and Howard Hughes in his adult prime. Encased in glass at the northeast tip of Fashion Show, the restaurant features dark woods and has a formal feel to it. Chairs mostly fashioned of wood have fabric inserts on top and soft leather seats, while booths are all decorated in leather. From our comfortable seats we had a good view of Encore just across the street. We opened with Pan Fried Calamari that was sauteed in Garlic Butter. Even though the chef was kind enough to accommodate my request for an aioli by producing an excellent Pepper Aioli, the calamari was the worst dish of the night. The cooking of this appetizer was very uneven. A few pieces were clearly undercooked. Some tentacles were too chewy, and were difficult to tear apart with hand or teeth and swallow. The calamari rings were much better! A large, seemingly bottomless crock of French Onion Soup, with nicely melted Havarti Cheese, well-caramelized onions, and suitably broken down bread in the broth, was excellent. So was a cup of good and creamy New England-style Clam Chowder with a sweet clam taste as morsels of clam flattened out on the roof of the mouth and disintegrated on their way down the throat.  A chopped Caesar salad, prepared with sections of fresh Romaine Lettuce, tasty crust-like croutons, Parmesan Cheese shavings, and a delicate Caesar dressing, was also excellent. My medium-rare Parmesan and Herb Marinated Tournedos were very good but not great. The meat seemed under-seasoned except for enough pepper. Halves of warm red and yellow Cherry and Grape Tomatoes adorned the plate. A thicker than normal au jus was substituted for unavailable requested Bordelaise Sauce. A superb Bearnaise Sauce was also provided without charge on request. But the Parmesan Cheese shavings were exactly like those that topped the Caesar Salad just a course before, which soon became too much a dose of Parmesan Cheese. Accompanying mashed potatoes and creamed spinach were delicious sides. Sam's Mashed Potatoes were Red Bliss Potatoes blended with sweet cream, butter, and salt; while the Fresh Creamed Spinach consisted of lengths of cooked spinach blended with Bechamel Sauce. This meal was finished with an orgy of desserts!  A generous and densely packed slice of Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake with coconut whipped cream, raspberries, and raspberry gel, plus added Vanilla Ice Cream, contained just the right amount of coffee flavoring, and was a decadent dessert. And, Classic Vanilla Creme Brulee prepared in a large dish was also excellent. Because it was the end of Restaurant Week, I also partook of some offered tasty blackberries and cool blueberries. Service was superb all night! Not once did I have to ask for a glass of water or Iced Tea to be refilled. Our tall assistant server seemed to be always hovering nearby, quick to bring a pitcher as soon as one was even about to be needed. And, once my Iced Tea was replenished with fresh ice in a new glass. Packets of Sweet & Low were added by our always observant server Nicole. And, a whole new bread basket packed with Lavosh was brought to the table after we requested some more. Then, after meal's end, the Lavosh that we didn't eat was neatly packed for us in a box. A manager also stopped by to check on us during the course of the meal. The Capital Grille is a classy steakhouse that we will be sure to frequent again. Other signature dishes like Butter Poached and Broiled Fresh Lobster, King Crab Legs, cheesy Au Gratin Potatoes, and a knockout Chocolate Hazelnut Cake beckon.
3	As others alluded to Capital Grille is an upscale steak restaurant. This restaurant hangs its hat on fine steak dining. Considering how many restaurants are all over the strip of Las Vegas - it was quite a sight when the whole place was packed with patrons.I had a company dinner here so we shared:-Lobster mac n cheese - I've had better. It would've been nice if the lobster flavor was stronger. I've had better lobster mac n cheese in NY where we would get chunks of lobster. It tasted like ordinary mac n cheese with the lobster absent from the dish-Au Gratin Potatoes - average-Lobster and Crab Cake - served with a sweet corn relish this crabcake was on par with most crab cake but we hardly tasted any lobster-Pan Fried Calamari with Hot Cherry Peppers - the hot cherry peppers was a nice spin to the calamari but the batter was too thick on the calamari-French Green Beans with Shallots and Heirloom Tomatoes - nice but the green beans were a bit stiff-Parmesan Truffle Fries - the skirt fries were overfried and you could hardly taste any truffle - again - i've had betterand I ordered the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with 12-year Aged Balsamic  - The balsamic really stood out which was the purpose of the dish but i was rather disappointed that without the balsamic  - the steak was rather bland.Capital Grille is a chain of upscale steak but I would much prefer McCormick and Schmidt over Capital Grille
5	This was my first time there.  It was my 20th wedding anniversary. They had rose petals on my table. They gave us free champagne and (((my favorite dessert))) creme brulee!! mmmm. We forgot our camera, so our waitress KRISTEN  (The best waitress EVER)!! took a photo of us, and then printed it for us to take home. How is that for price-less SERVICE!! Thank you Kristen for making a moment in time, not just a memory. I will return there because of the wonderful service and to die for food. Signed Al & Angela Ghilarducci LV NV..   We give you 6 stars....
5	Awesome wine list great steaks
4	Now this is what a Vegas steak and seafood place should look like.  Soaring exterior, interior a mix of Frank Lloyd Wright and Stargate Atlantis, view right down the strip.  Servers in bow ties and very businesslike.  We went for the Mahi mahi and the seared citrus salmon. The sauce on the Mahi had an odd mineral flavor.  Not a flaw just not to my taste.  The salmon, always on the menu, was just to my taste.  The French beans and heirloom tomatoes were great.  And don't fail to look at the back page of the wine book (not just the list inside the menu) for the promotions.  Anything that they bought in volume and is not selling during the downturn is about 50% off.  The Byron Pinot was a bargain at $49.  It's easy to get in at 6:30, but by 8pm, even on a weeknight, it's packed.
3	The steaks are good/average and the atmosphere and location is great.  My favorite was the calamari appetizer that comes with red and green peppers with a unique sauce, very delicious!  It was abit pricey!
5	Great place.Love the lobster bisque.Onion StrawsThe dry aged steaks and ribeye are always good.I've always had a great meal at the capital Grille.
5	We came here on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We called in to make a reservation for a table of 14.  They were able to accommodate our party for the time we wanted even though we called 3 hours before.  Decor looks fancy here, and like most steakhouses the lights are usually dim.  First step through the doors and we were immediately greeted then seated even when our whole party was not there.  We took our time and finally decided to order.  I ordered the: - Lobster Bisque (Was light in flavor, buttery taste and lightly sweet) - Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with 12-year aged Balsamic (so juicy and flavorful with a light taste of balsamic reduction)Shared: - Pan Fried Calamari with hot cherry peppers ( so good, but kinda spicy when you eat the chili) - Lobster Mac n Cheese (bite size lobster bits, creamy mac'n goodness with a crunchy top) - creamed corn with bacon Since it was my friend's birthday, they gave him a huge slice of chocolate cake and also added three desserts for the table to share.  They let us tried the creme brulee which was so sinfully good, the cheesecake was delicious, and a chocolate cake.  Free dessert made it even sweeter.  A fantastic first time experience.
1	The food and wine tasted excellent when my party of 4 ate here in early January, but two of us ended up with food poisoning afterwards - we shared the warm spinach salad with bacon that evening. It's too bad because I would have given a 4 star rating otherwise.
3	Great place. A bit pricey. They catered for vegans which was great, but not much options.
4	Wow, what a meal! From start to finish a culinary carnival of delectible delights.Service was friendly and attentive, and our needs were always anticipated deftly by our awesome server, Jeff.Our palatable pilgramage proceeded as follows:Starters: FRENCH ONION SOUP, CHOPPED SALADSoup was amazing - rich, satisfying and even though I didn't order it, I wished I had. Although I did stake claim to the melted cheese on the side of the bowl. which peeled off nicely and started the party in my mouth. Salad was good, but not very memorable.Entrees:  SEARED SIRLOIN WITH BUTTER-POACHED LOBSTER, PORCINNI RUBBED PORTERHOUSEHubba Hubba Hubba!  After my first bite of the lobster, all I could think was ... "Why have I never had lobster like this before, and why would anyone ever want to eat it any other way!?"  Truly a shell-fish shin-dig of buttery goodness.   My date's steak was amazing and so flavorful! Their balsamic reduction is killer, and my man spent the rest of the evening in beef bliss.Sides: LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE and  SMASHED POTATOESTHE best potatoes, evah! Perfectly seasoned and loaded with butter, they didn't need a thing except a delivery device to get them into my mouth ASAP! Thank God for spoons. Seriously spudalicious!  The mac & cheese was super good, though it could have used a bit more actual lobster chunks. Still it was super satisfying, creamy, and catapulted me into glorious cheesey gratification.Desserts:  RASPBERRY CHEESECAKE and COCONUT CREAM PIEJeff recommended the Coconut Cream Pie and boy, was he right! The crust tasted like a macaroon, which was a delightful twist.  A massively mouthwatering experience. My man ordered the cheesecake and it was excellent too. Our evening at The Capital Grille exceeded our expectations on every level. From the wonderful portraits of Sammy, Frank, and Dean (among other Vegas legends) that greet you as you exit the valet elevator, to the classy service and sublime feast.
2	I have hit the Capital Grill twice now and neither time was impressive. I had the Ahi Steak and it was tasteless. I mean with sauces it was okay.. but nothing I would order again. The mushrooms were tasteless and the entire meal was forgettable. Service was good.. not great.. and its just isnt somewhere I will visit again.
5	Great view, delicious food, nice service, reasonable pricing.  All in my party had wine, various steaks, a few sides and an after dinner drink.  Total came to $120/head, all in.  Reasonable.  I had an 8oz fillet that was topped with approx 3oz of deliciously fresh crab meat that just had a hint of a delicious sauce.  What a great combo.  Not revolutionary, but the steak came out perfect to my order (M-rare) and was of very high quality beef.  Definitely a top 10 steak for me of all time.  Please request a strip view and take some time to look over the well stocked wine list.   You will be right across from the Wynn and have a beautiful sight in front of you.This was the beginning of our Vegas trip and set things off right.
4	The martinis are great.  Love em.  Love the Onion Soup.  Everything was great, as it is each time I go there.
3	Not really sure what the hype is about this place.  Great service though.I ordered the "Roast Chicken" but was dry and overcooked.  Tasted like a $6 Rotisserie chicken from your nearby grocery store. NOT worth paying $28**************I don't recommend their "Roast Chicken".Their "Lobster Bisque Soup" was OK
4	Got lost in the "most confusing mall in america" while trying to find the entrance; which is tucked behind the food court. Use the valet. Best steak I've had in a long time. Service is great, but A/V didn't work in the small meeting room we reserved. Shirmp cocktail was huge and fresh, dessert platter had cheesecake, chocolate cake and creme brule, awesome! While I didn't pay the bill myself, I know it was pricey.
5	Superb execution.  I believe Smith & Wollensky went under or moved out on the strip years ago and next to Capital Grille any Smith & Wollensky is a 2nd trimester pre-natal boy in a Capital Grille MAN's game...Joe's Prime Steak & Stone Crab in Seizures Palace is really the only Las Vegas strip outfit that can compete in this segment, in my opinion.  This Capital Grille location is superb.  I think Del Frisco's off-strip is the only place capable of besting C.G. in Vegas.  Absolutely superb execution.  (And no 6x wine mark-ups, it's reasonable.)
2	The environment and decor is very nice.  Great view of the strip too but our lunch was over 100 dollars and it was just my gal and me.  We had NO alcohol.  Had two burgers, lobster bisque and an app.  I'm pretty sure the beef had turned.  It made me sick.  The servers are all like robots with zero personality.  They speak to you like you're six years old with that fake-ish tone.  Won't be back.
5	Love this place. Great steaks, atmosphere and you gotta get a Stoli Doli or three.
5	I really want to thank Capital Grille for their exceptional service that we received. We came in after a Vegas elopement wedding and they completely took care of us. Rose petals on the table and perfect service that had many waiters coming over and speaking with us. This is how fine dining should be. Everything they did was right, and the food was exceptional- which is consistent with every Capital Grill experience we've had. I cannot recommend a restaurant more than I would recommend the Capital Grille.
5	This steakhouse is at the top of my list!  Very nice ambiance (we were seated by the window so we had a nice view of the strip).  Service is impeccable and food is delicious.  You absolutely have to try the Delmonico steak.  It's huge so I suggest sharing.  Sides were tasty and big enough for sharing as well.  I would definitely come back!
5	I got an email about Administrative Professionals Day at this location and if you had lunch or dinner there they would give a $50 giftcard to them in honor of the day. I coordinated with some people form my office to take our 2 girls there for Lunch.I made a reservation and when we got there everything was set up. Before we even started dining they presented the giftcards to the girls and they were extremely excited.  We all enjoyed our meal, our server was great, and everyone was happy.We totally will go back! Great experience!
5	This is probably the best restaurant to go to in Vegas. I went here with my sister for lunch and it was awesome! I'm very much into a place with a great atmosphere so this was perfect. The view was the best money can buy and we sat right next to the window. You can see the whole strip -as you should- since you are high above it and the windows were endless with high ceilings. The service was as if we had our own personal butler and the food was very delicious. We ordered calamari as an appetizer and we shared 2 entrees: a steak and a salad. Both were amazing! My sister took care of the bill so I'm not sure how steep it was, but it's Vegas...you're supposed to spend money!
5	Met some friends here while on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The service was great as was the food.  We had a table overlooking the strip so that was nice.  The steak and fish dishes all got good reviews from our table.  Dessert was amazing.  This is definitely a place we're coming back to our next time in town.
5	Today, I have to raise my review of Capital Grille from 4 to 5 star.  Here is what is going on.....1.  I eat here at least 6 -8 times a year for dinner, with clients. Easy choice due to my last review details of class, extraordinary service, food quality and reservations.2.  Last night, I was in "trouble" because we were taking my son out for dinner for his 18th birthday with his friends. I was feeling a bit generous as he is doing so well in school, his friends are great and so, we wanted to have something special.3.  Special meant, on the strip, good view, great food, feeling pampered and special.4.  I made reservations at the last minute, 5:00 pm for a 7:30 pm dinner. Why, because i needed class and where we were going wasn't special enough.5.  I asked for a window seat due to my son's birthday. They did not promise, however, they said they would request.6.  Here is what we got...a.  Best table seat in the whole restaurant. Right in the corner with great views.b.  A birthday card with a nice touch, a wax seal envelope, that wished my kid happy birthday and thanking him for dining with them.c.  The service was beyond extraordinary. It was simply staggeringly special.d.  The food, was beyond really good. It was just right.  We had the Delmonico (bone in rib eye), the Porcini rubbed Delmonico (dry rubbed porcini finished with a 12 year balsamic dressing), sliced Filet Migon, Calamari, and Prosciutto wrapped Mozzarella as starters.  For sides, we had the Lobster Mac and Cheese, the Au Gratin Potatoes, Truffle Fries and Creamed Spinach.I guess, when all said and done, the best review is from the young men..."Best Steak ever".  OK, while we know that they haven't been to all the best steak places in LV to qualify, the fact is that it was great and I have been to many  steak places in the world.People, when you are looking for an experience, this is the place.  Kudos to Tiffany for taking my reservation and making it special.  Kudos for Eric who helped us make decisions, and made for a great evening.Thanks Capital Grill for making our night so great.  It doesn't get better in my book and Happy Birthday son!
5	Ask for Jeff. He did a wonderful job. We had a great evening.
5	You fancy, huh? The minute you step out of valet and get on the elevator to ascend to Capital Grille, you know you are going to be rolling out the benjis for dinner.  I really liked the atmosphere here.  Yeah, I know it's a chain, but this was my first time at CG, and I am not so cool that I cannot enjoy a well-done chain restaurant.  And this place is well done.The bar area is nicely separated from the dining room and covered in dark wood paneling.  It looks like old money and you feel instantly classier sipping a dirty Grey Goose martini in the bar, which is exactly what we did.  After a drink, we were ready to be seated and start the feast.  The floor to ceiling windows ensure that the view is pretty great from any table in the room.We started with oysters that were very fresh and salty.  5 stars.  We also brought a bottle of wine with us and the corkage fee of $25 was definitely lower than some other strip location restaurants.  Everything we had was wonderful but after that martini and a couple of glasses of wine, it gets a little fuzzy.  The only thing I can tell you for sure is the filet was great heated up for lunch the next day!
5	CLASSY.strangely located for such a fine dining restaurant (in the mall).  But who gives a damn. this place is amazing. had the pleasure of taking the gf here when visiting a friend in vegas who knew all the best things to order.MUST TRY:drink - pineapple vodka! sweet & smooth. they bring out the shot in a tiny little fluted glass. talk about a classy shot. sides - cream of corn. i absolutely love CORN. but anything creamed sounds disgusting. THIS WAS THE BEST FUCKING CORN SIDE I'VE EVER HAD. i could eat this all day. i could have this as an entree. its seasonal. so get it while you can.entree - i had the chicken. i know, why have chicken at a steakhouse. i regret it as well. def. must go back. service was superb.
5	Capt. Grill is consistently good.  Great steaks, any steak. Truffle fries, lobster Mac n cheese, lobster bisque is a must. Salads are cold and crispy. Service the best. Thanks Kristen for the wine suggestions, and dessert selection. You're service is tops.
5	My go to restaurant for special occasions!!  The view is awesome and the food is always excellent.
4	Very nice steaks.  Very nice strip views.  The calamari is the best I've ever had.  The wine list is long and there are lots of good inexpensive options.  The filet at lunch is probably the best steak deal in Las vegas.
5	Classy, modern with an old school feel.  Awesome views, great food and romantic!  The staff is ultra friendly and the steaks are prepared perfectly.  Located in Fashion Show Mall, this upscale chain really delivers.
5	Just went here for my Bachelor party and we had the private room along w/ our favorite waiter, ALEX.Boy, this place is the bizz. Great food, service, decor and prices, even by Vegas standards.I highly recommend all the appetizers, soups, and any steak in the Chef Selection area. You cannot go wrong. Don't forget about the Stoli Doli!I'm also not a huge dessert, but make sure you get the Coconut cream pie, even if you do not like coconut!Thank you Capital Grill, especially Alex, for years and years of stellar service.
5	This place has great food, impecable service, and a fantastic view of the strip! I went for lunch and got the lobster bisk with cream cherry...yum!
5	Just went here for a friend's Bachelor party and we had the private room along w/ our favorite waiter, ALEX.I highly recommend all the appetizers, soups, and any steak in the Chef Selection area. You cannot go wrong. Don't forget about the Stoli Doli!I'm also not a huge dessert, but make sure you get the Coconut cream pie, even if you do not like coconut!Thank you Capital Grill, especially Alex, for years and years of stellar service.This place is a great value for the food and service, compared to other possibilities in vegas.
5	Upon arrival, our party was seated promptly.  The server was very attentive and very helpful with our larger party.  She was able to even able to accommodate extra last minute add-on guests during dinner.  I had the Bone-In Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin Steak.  It was veryyyy tender and was seasoned to perfection and honestly one of the best steaks I've ever had! My wine glass was never empty. Make sure to try the Lobster Mac and Cheese as well! I would definitely return!Pros:- Great service and attentiveness with our hostess.  - Amazing steak!Cons:- None
4	I come here every chance I get when I come to las vegas.  Even though it is a chain, the steaks are very good here.  Lobster Mac is awesome!  I've had better steaks- but the bone in ribeye is hard to beat.
4	The place is nice and the atmosphere was great.  This place reminded me of  Peter Lugers in Brooklyn NY, when we entered. The steak quality was not of the Peter Lugers but was different. The Demonoco steak was delish!!!! The filet meon was so tender, the lobster wrapped in shrimp my wife said was good. The special last night was blacken bass and my nephew thought it was great . Over all a nice evening and good food and the service great all the way. My daughter spilled soda on her steak and the waiter takes it the kitchen and regrills the steak dry and brings it back to her and she was happy. The waiter tried to accommodate her when she requested a pickle they even had that for her ( she loves pickles). So she enjoyed her meal and that made my evening. The lobster Mac was just like all the reviews very good, and happy we stopped in while in Vegas.
5	Located in the Fashion Show Mall. This is an upscale steakhouse, and well worth the price. Everything here was great. It is not for a casual night out. So if you are in need of a place for a special night out, I recommend. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Any place that has lobster mac n cheese and does it correctly warms my heart. All the appetizers and soups I've had the chance to try(granted, only a few), were great, and that's definitely this place's strength.Compared to a few other steak houses that I've tried in Vegas, it ranks about in the middle when it comes to the actual steak. However very very good steak houses are surprisingly somewhat rare in Vegas, so take it for what you will.
4	Having been to the Chicago location, I knew I was in for a treat.  While the steak (Delmonico 22oz)  was amazing as usual, what really stood out were the appetizers of Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella with Vine Ripe Tomatoes, the Lobster/Crab Cakes  and the side of Lobster Mac 'N' Cheese. I would go back for these items alone.  The only problem we encountered was the empty hostess station when we arrived. Even though we made a reservation, between waiting for the hostess to appear and sitting at the bar, we had to wait about 15min for them to "put our table together". I was disappointed to see that when we were finally taken to the dinning room we had been seated at a booth. For a group of four guys, this isn't an ideal seating situation. In the end, the food and wine made it easy to overlook the poor service at the hostess station. If you're out there celebrating an important event, I recommend The Capital Grille.
5	This is one of the best dinners I have had celebrating my birthday and was my first time at the restaurant.  Parking was convenient, the table was ready and decorated with a happy birthday note on the table.  We were offered complementary champagne.  Portions were huge, the steak was tender and I had the best dessert ever, the flour less chocolate espresso cake.  Service was impeccable, the view was great and the next day they called to make sure we enjoyed ourselves.  I will definately return soon.
5	By far best of the chain steakhouses.  We had a wonderful lunch here.  Excellent service by a 30 year steakhouse pro, Peter, a Hungarian native.  The Spinach Salad & Caesar, the Calamari with spicy cherry peppers, and the Filet were all phenomenal.  Highly recommended.
4	Good food! Fun atomosphere.  We brought a group of people here and they took care of us.  They made certain that everyone was happy.  We had excellent wine and really enjoyed ourselves.
5	I'm a fan of thier webpage and I got an email about a burger special .. so I went and had myself one.. FANTASTIC burger..    It was wagu beef with a fried egg and onion straws on the burger with a glass of Silver Oak included.. on yeah.. a side of truffle fries came with it also.. I'll just say my plate was clean when I  left and I almost  wanted to go back for dinner.. Its a  special only offered in the bar area .. FYI .. but the place was empty when I went around lunch time.  Yes.. I've eaten steaks here and  its also fantastic for that as well.. Burger was a  10!  but I still wanted bacon on  it too ! hahaahah
4	Wait staff attentive, food was flavorful. However the star of the show is the AMAZING CHEESE CAKE! My wife normally doesn't eat sweet, but she enjoyed it as much as I did. Not too tart or sweet but just right. Yes I am a fan of CP!
4	I've eaten here literally dozens of time over the years and it's just consistently good. Capital Grille won't surprise you with much different from time to time, but it is consistently good, and that's worth a lot. Their staff is extremely well trained, friendly but never intrusive. Rarely, if ever, have I had a meal here that doesn't leave everyone very satisfied. Great for intimate dinners or groups, excellent for lunch, too.
4	The only reason why Brad T. & I decided to go here because we have received a coupon/deal for $50 off % 2 complimentary desserts.  We called ahead for a reservation on a Monday or Tuesday night & it was a busy night due to a convention that was in town. FOOD (4.2 out of 5)Appetizers:Calamari: Good, I wouldnt bother ordering it again,Entree:Mine: I ordered the seared tenderloin with butter poached lobster tail.  I always get my steaks medium rare and this tenderloin was absolutely perfect.  The taste was very juicy and succulent.  The lobster tail did not have much flavor to it, but it still tasted good but not as amazing as the tenderloin.  I savored the taste of the tenderloin ohhh how lovely it tasted. His: Filet mignon w. crab meat: I took a bite of his filet mignon and from I remembered it was a bit overcooked but thats (Brad T.'s story to tell), I loved the taste of the crab meat though! MMMMmmmDesserts: (Since it was complimentary) I was astonished how huge the desserts were!  Coconut Creme Pie:  I personally did not like it very much,  I felt like it was too creamy for me.  I had a few bites here and there and the taste is good but I couldnt handle eating more of it.Chocolate hazelnut cake: Loving chocolate, I enjoyed the cake alot. It wasn't very sweet at all & of course I had to take it home.  I couldnt finish it all.SERVICE (4 out of 5) The hostesses were very professional.  Our server was sweet.  She was okay in the beginning but she got better as the night went on.  We normally dont require much attention as long as our water is refilled we are pretty much set for the rest of the night.  ATMOSPHERE (3.8 out of 5) It was a busy night full of commotion and talks and laughter filled the room.  I enjoyed it.  I like the paintings/portraits on the wall and they had a locker for wine which was pretty cool. OVERALL (4 out of 5)I liked it here, but it wont be my first choice that I would go to if I wanted to eat out.
4	First things first, it needs to be said: THIS IS THE BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP ON THE STRIP!Ooey gooey cheese melting down the sides, piping hot veal broth, salty but sweet from all the caramelized onions resting on the bottom where even MORE cheese awaits! And the tiny little bit that sets it apart from other french onion soups? The baguette they use in the soup stays crispy around the edges the whole crock through. I don't know how.. black magic maybe.. but it's worth my soul. Those crispy little bits that occasionally surprise you give me the motivation to finish the whole thing. And the crock is pretty big. For $10, I've made a meal out of it.Another worthy mention: The coconut cream pie with bourbon sauce is out of this world. I don't like desserts.. but this tart.. the bottom is chewy like a meringue with coconut, the custard is rich, the fresh whipped cream is decadent and then bourbon sauce?! Really?! I never order desserts, 100% of the time I would rather order an appetizer. This dessert came complimentary and I'm so glad it did. I would come back JUST for this dessert and a cup of their coffee (which is also good).Other things I've tried: -Lobster and Crab Cakes. Comes with a corn succotash. I wouldn't order it again, it was kind of fishy to me.-Shrimp Cocktail - Hit or miss. The first time was good, although a little undercooked (the top was mushy). The second time tasted like glue a little bit. Weird.-Bacon and Mushroom Spinach Salad - it was okay. The bacon had that dirty pork taste I'm not fond of and there were too many (raw) mushrooms in the salad.-The burger. Not sure which one it was since the boyfriend ordered it, but it was ground sirloin and surprisingly not that tasty. I'd prefer Bachi Burger any day. The fries were just okay.They have a nice selection of wines by the glass, a fantastic selection by the bottle and some very delicious hand crafted cocktails.I recommend sitting at the bar and chatting with one of the many friendly bar tenders, starting with a french onion soup, moving onto the coconut cream pie, and sipping some hot house coffee before you head out.
4	Had a great time, the appetizers were great "I love the calamari with hot peppers!"  The sides were so so but the steaks were great!  Service was top notch until the end, had reservation for 7 pm and sat us early.  But, seemed like they wanted to get us out, after dinner they did not ask if we wanted coffee or dessert and just handed the bill and seemed disappointed when we asked for coffee and after dinner drinks.
5	Today's luncheon menu...Shrimp cocktail & Waygu beef carpaccio with Lemon arugula salad (shared)Assorted breadsYour choice: Filet minion or Shrimp stuffed with crab and lobster (seafood for me)Au gratin potatoes and French green beans with roasted tomatoes and fennel (shared)Assorted desserts: Cheese cake, Brownie with creme fraiche, handcrafted ice cream, Creme brulee withn Fresh berries (shared)Ice tea, coffee, and soft drinks.A lovely hostess, Marana. Great pours in the bar from Pam. Fabulous service from our captain, Peter. Darling guests, Mr. and Mrs. Lee.$50 per person + 20% Gratuity.Yee!
5	One of my fav spots for dinner, steaks are delicious and a great spot for restaurant week
5	Best meal we had in Vegas.  Great service, great view (wonderful windows looking out over the strip, and amazing food.  We had the steak Demonico, grilled asperagus, wedge salad and cobb salad....all delicious.
5	On our December trip to Las Vegas, staying at the Wynn Towers, we decided to have one dinner away from the hotel.  Because the cabs in Vegas are so dirty we wanted to be able to walk to a restaurant.  Since the Capital Grille is directly across the street from the Wynn Towers our choice was easily made.  We have never eaten at a Capital Grille, which , according to the manager Mathew Foody (yes, that is his real last name),  has 50 locations.  The entire meal was wonderful.  We first ordered the Prosciutto wrapped Mozzarella.  It was so good and enhanced with the fresh bread basket.  We also ordered a bottle of wine.  The cab was a 2009 Markham from Napa Valley.  At $48 I thought the price was very reasonable.  After eating this large portioned appetizer we decided to split the dry aged Porterhouse steak.  Again we were not disappointed. Ordering it medium rare the meat melted in your mouth. The creamed spinach side was to die for. We passed on the desert menu and instead had an after dinner drink in their beautiful bar.  Jessica, our waitperson, was the best.   She was very attentive and explained the menu with ease. She made our evening memorable.  Also, the manager kept checking on us to make sure we were thoroghly enjoying our dinner.  Kudos to Capital Grille in Las Vegas.  We will be back.
2	Not impressed. Service was great, especially the bartenders. My friend had the swordfish, took one bite, and did not try another one. Was surprised that the server did not notice this, but he didn't complain when she asked how we were all doing. I ordered the special of the night, which was a 10oz ribeye. Server came back to say they were all out of the specials, so there were two other ribeye choices on the menu. I didn't have the menu to look at anymore, so she recommended I order the ribeye that my husband wasn't already getting. It ended up to be a 22oz kona rubbed. I had no idea they would use coffee grounds; I just kept wondering why the surface had the consistency of dirt. I figured it out once I looked it up later. Frankly, I'd rather have a steak from Chili's. My husband was not too happy with his ribeye. I think it had a porcini sauce that he thought was too sweet. Our other friend had a filet, and she had no complaints. We also ordered the lobster Mac n cheese, which we order pretty much anywhere we go that has it; it was just meh. I had the spinach salad, which was also just ok. I have had better at Applebee's. We also had the truffle fries, but they were not very crispy or impressive. Yikes! I feel bad even saying these things, but it's true. Although we were not impressed at all by the food, we still had a good time. The location is great, and our view was amazing. Service was also good, which is why I still give it two stars.
4	4.25 starsSooooooooooo delicious! Tried: - calamari with hot cherry peppers (If you're a calamari fan, this is for you. Crunchy with a little heat and generous proportions) - french onion soup -- YES YES YES! If I went back, I would order the crock and not just the measly cup. If your doctor has put you on a low sodium diet, step away (and pass your crock to moi.) - butter poached lobster (kill me now) and beef tenderloins  [My meal. Lobster was divine. Not one big lobster tail but a few small ones [like 1/3 the size of the palm of my hand]. Meat was good but not amazing.] - Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with 12-Year Aged Balsamic [aka rib eye, but double check that. Deeeeelicious. And insanely large at 22 oz. Great flavor at medium rare. (it should be a crime to cook up steak above medium rare. A crime!)] - Kona rubbed Delmonico. [the kona rub was all my stepmom could talk about before we got there. Has a coffee-meets-chocolate sort of flavor. And, while it's a "rub" like the porcini, the kona comes off as more of a sauce. Seriously tasty but I'm not sure I could personally down 22 oz. of it. Would get this and the porcini or a seafood dish and share.] - Asparagus (good - not mushy) - side of mushrooms (also delicious) - Au gratin (massive. Didn't try it myself but told it was creamy goodness)Remember: all the meats are a la carte, so be prepared to get some sides. Dessert was acceptable but not mind blowing (and thus I shed a single baby tear). We got the cheesecake (fluffy while still being fairly dense) and the berries with cream (tasty). Both were good -- indeed, some loved the cheesecake -- but I would have appreciated some different options (e.g., a chocolate cake that wasn't super dark and dense). Oh! And the service there is abso-friggin-lutley fantastic. Our dinner party consisted of two men and two women. When the waitress came to take our order she asked us the most genius question: "Ladies, would you like to order first or last?"  Is that not awesome! So often I'm expected to go first but, surprise surprise, don't know what I want yet. That simple question let us choose in a seamless way. Fantastic! I only wish I remembered her name! All I know is she loved Garth Brooks! :) Absolutely would return!
4	I found this place after searching yelp for steak houses.  We made reservations and arrived on time, but had to wait another 15 minutes before we were seated.As we walk down the corridor it seemed like a nice and calm place.  As we were escorted to the dining area, we notice the scene became much more lively, in a nice way.  The kitchen is viewable from anywhere you're seated and we sat somewhat in the center.  The kitchen reminds me of the one in Hell's Kitchen! Everything looked really nice; nice ambiance and food presentation.Now, for the food.  We ordered the Wagyu beef carpaccio, clam chowder, lobster mac 'n' cheese and filet mignon.  Btw, the bread basket was good too...nice variety.  The beef carpaccio was OK...a little too much of the wasabi flavor.  The clam chowder and lobster mac 'n' cheese...MMMmmmm!!  Both were ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS (I also generally a fan of mac 'n' cheese)!!  However, I expected much more lobster in the mac 'n'cheese.  The filet mignon was alright; whatever sauce they plated the filet with was salty.  I asked for the meat to be cooked to Medium and it was still pretty juicy--I've had much better for about half the price.If I was rating based on the main dish alone I would go with 3 stars.  The view, soup and mac 'n' cheese tipped me over to 4 stars.Our server was super friendly as well.  It took awhile to get the bill, but it was a busy Saturday night.
3	I have visited many Capital Grille locations during my travels for work.  It is usually consistently good and the service tends to be great as well.  I looked forward to visiting the Las Vegas location to see if it was any different from the other locations I had visited in the past.Bar area:  The bartenders here are the best!  I think anyone who wanted to experience great service and well made drinks should visit this bar.  A coworker I was with visited this location a few weeks ago and the bartender even remembered him and his drink, now that's impressive.Dinner:  Food is always good, so I will never complain about it.  The Delmonico steak was cooked to perfection as usual and the tomato mozzarella starter salad was a generous portion.  I tried the creamed corn here for the first time ever and will be ordering it again for sure!The service during this visit however was pretty bad... for a table of 13, we had one server and the meal took almost 3hrs.  We were seated, drink orders taken and seafood tower was ordered.  We didn't get to actually order our meal however until after the seafood tower had been emptied and plated cleared.  There was a big time laps where we all just sat there waiting to order... about 10min after we ordered, soups and salads arrived finally.  Then there was another laps from when the soups and salads were cleared before the entrees were brought out.  The flow of the meal was not good, I don't know if it was just that night, a bad waiter, etc.  Who knows but I know that the table was not very happy with the 3hr meal that should have taken 1.5hrs tops. This experience won't stop me from going to other Capitol Grille locations of course, the food it great.  Visit this location for a drink, but if you want a smooth and seamless dinner experience go elsewhere.
2	Hosted 10 guest last night.  Service was slow, they were understaffed.  Steaks were tough, and the fish lacked taste.  Will think twice to come here again.  Hosted another party at Del Frisco's the night before, and they did a great job.  Service and food were spot on.
3	The food was amazing, however small salad portions.  I ordered the basil tomato salad it was ok but very small.  The calamari was great a better portion and was not over cooked.  I had a glass of wine that was recommended by the server good but not great.    The reason for the 2 star loss is that the service was just so so.  My sister had to wait a long time to get her wine and the server did not explain the chef's specials, we had to ask him.  Slow service and it was not a full house.  Waters ran empty and trying to get him to come by more than twice was hard.  We had another server who was not in our section that did a better job.  I would go here again just hope to get a good server with more wine knowledge.
5	Took my step-mom and nephew for birthday/vegas visit trip.  Everything was awesome.  Stephanie McCool is an exceptional server!  Defiantly ask for her she is awesome.  Steaks melt in your mouth and everything is tasty.  Great place for steak!
5	I have never been disappointed at the Capital Grille on any visit that I make. Having the original location in my home city gives me great perspective in understanding how things "should be" I visited the bar for a quick bite and cocktail during my visit and Mark made the time spent there enjoyable. The truffle fries, calamari and fresh bread were perfect as usual. Next time I am ordering dinner..
5	Our favorite steakhouse in the city.  Excellent food, service, and atmosphere every time we come here.  Must have:  Kona crust (on any cut of steak) and the lobster & crab cakes.
2	We arrived for our dinner reservation at 5pm, and the whole place was empty, Made our dinner a little bit awkward in such a large dining room to ourselves. The waiters were great and service good. The food was only alright. The steaks were really good, but I expected more for their prices. I could have eaten an equally delicious steak and asparagus somewhere else for half the price.
5	The beef here is so good. I've heard a lot about The Capital Grille around the US and I always just thought....another steak house. But I was mistaken!The dry aged selections here are divine! It doesn't hurt to have a stellar wine list and all sorts of wonderful accompaniments as well.Great steak, excellent wine and wonderful service. What more could you ask for?Enjoy!
5	what a great experience. my son is in the navy and has been for 4 years now.  we had not scene him in almost 2 years and wanted to not only be with him but to take him out for a nice dinner. i heard many good things about the capital grille so we decided to take him there.  beside for myself and my partner, there was my son, my daughter and 2 friends.  we had just picked my son up at the airport and seeing my son come off that plane and seeing my son in his navy clothes made me tear up because i was so proud of him.  my son was shocked that we were taking him to dinner at the capital grille.  when we arrived there, we only had to wait a couple minutes to be seated so make sure that you make a reservation.  the manager had come to our table and asked how we where doing which was very nice.  he said that there was a guest of theres that would like us to have a drink on that person and thanking my son for his service to our country.  that was so cool of that person.i told our waiter that this was a special occasion after not seeing my son for so long and if she would come to our table with 4-5 different appitizers which she did.  she came with 2 orders of prsciutto wrapped mozzarella, lobster and crab cakes, fresh mozzareliia/tomato/ basi, calamari, and fresh oysters on the half shell.  our waiter even asked if there was anything else and we added 3 orders of chopped salad which we all split among us all and a couple of us ordered the lobster bisc soup and that was really good.we all ordered steaks.  we ordered the aged porterhuse steak, fillet mignon, and delmonico steak.  we had lobster and cheese mac, green beans, and creamed spinich.we all had the berries and ice cream for desert.we also have some leftovers and even the leftovers were great the next day.the manager had come back to our table when we were almost finished and asked if we enjoyed our meal.  it was all positive comments.  he thanked us for coming and and he thanked my son for his service,  that made me very proud.  our waitrer then brought us our bill and it said paid.  i asked the waiter that i thought there was a problem with the bill and she said that the manager had taken care of this and told me that it was their pleasure to take care of this and thanked me for my sons service.  not only was this a fantastic meal, this had to have been a $800 dollar tab and for them to do that was a great jesture on their part.  the waiter was taken care of very nicely.thank you capital grille for everything!
5	I ate here last week with my wife and my mom.  It's located on the upper level of the Fashion Show Mall.  The restaurant is very nice on the inside, and has windows throughout that overlook the strip.  I recommend asking for a seat by the window, as you will have a nice view.  I really can't say enough good things about the food here.  I believe this was my wife's favorite meal of the trip, and we were there for an entire week.  My wife and I split the caesar salad, while my mom got the spinach salad.   Each was very good.  You can definitely split the salad's, as one if almost too much for one person.  Each of us ordered the filet for dinner, along with a side of au gratin potatoes.  The filet was cooked perfectly and tasted great.  The au gratin potatoes were some of the best I've had.  For dessert, we couldn't decide what we wanted, but ended up ordering the cheesecake.  Since we were having a hard time deciding, our waitress was nice enough to bring a complimentary coconut cream pie.  Each dessert was phenomenal.  This place is 5 stars all the way.  While it's a little pricey, it's definitely worth it.
4	While I wish the lasting memory of this restaurant was the Delmonico steak in a balsamic reduction (it really was wonderful) the lasting impressions I have of this place was that it was really loud and that it was nearly impossible to get a cab after dinner. Yes, it's a good steakhouse from a chain of good steakhouses, but the Strip has plenty of good steakhouses that don't take 30 minutes to get a ride back to the hotel while limo drivers try to hustle you for a ride. I'd come back if my hotel was closer or if I had a car. The cab situation is a PITA. But the food really is wonderful.
5	Best flipping steak ever. Thanks for a great lunch!
5	Amazing service. Food was outstanding!
5	The best steak in Las Vegas!!! Hands down!!!
4	When we first started going to Capital Grill, I was really blown away by the quality of the food and the care they put into all elements of the dining experience. Not much has changed.STEAK: We ordered the wrong steaks tonight. It has clearly been a while since we've been here. After consulting with our waiter, we we ordered the ribeye, NOT the porcini rubbed rib eye that we love. I ordered my steak "medium rare plus". I like that label. I tried to explain to the waiter that I wanted my steak between medium and medium rare. When the waiter appeared confused, I told him that if the steak wasn't medium, I'd rather they erred on the side of medium rare than medium well. He THEN suggested medium rare plus. I don't eat steak out very often, so that designation may be common knowledge to others. It was new to me. The meat was...a bit off tonight, but I chalk that up to my disappointment at not having the right steak. It was cooked nicely and seasoned well, but I was not a fan of something I tasted in the beef and the sauce that accompanied it.SIDE DISHES: We had a salad, potatoes au gratin, and green beans. We skipped their delicious calamari and seafood platter. Everything was done well. The potatoes were a tad bit under seasoned, but certainly nothing to worry about. SERVICE: This is where CG usually shines. But not so much tonight. Good establishments can have an off night, or an off employee. But when you come to a place like this, you are expecting polished service. The host was a Professional (capital P). He was on the phone, dealing with clients, directing the secondary host, and organizing the tables around a large party in the venue. All at the same time.  The bussers were attentive and one woman even came and refolded my husband's napkin while he was away from the table. I like all of those touches. The waiter was well meaning, but not up to CG standards. Little things like drinks being poured in the wrong glasses (not our waiter's fault), missed oppotunities for menu clarification, or knowing the daily specials don't amount to much. Unless a guest is less than excited about her meal.WHAT HAS CHANGED: I don't know if I have changed or CG has. I never saw Capital Grill as a modern "old school" steak house before. I did tonight. The dishes were all very typical and expected, but there was a heaviness and lack of ingenuity to the meal. I know a steakhouse isn't looking to wow its customers with modern twists on old standbys, but the food should be impeccable. Beautifully seasoned and cooked. Even though I was directed to the wrong steak, it should have been the best quality meat and  the steak should have stood up on its own. I wasn't and it didn't.  VALET: It's a mess and they will have you waiting in the heat to pick up your car. Not good, but not CG's fault.Capital Grill has an old-school feel. The decor is modern and sleek, but the offerings reflect more of what Vegas was than what it is today.  In spite of that, CG is still a solid choice for a delicious meal. A flawed meal a CG is still head and shoulders above many other places in town. I will be back.
3	My husband and I have been to The Capital Grille in Atlanta, New York and Washington DC and this one is the WORST of them all!Don't get me wrong, their food were still great especially their steaks - very juicy and flavorful; keep the two stars just for their steaks. That's why I'm still keeping the 3 stars for their steaks and side dishes. Here were what we've experienced that disappointed us:1 - Front desk hostesses: unfriendly, didn't greet us when we arrived or even say a word; we stood  and waited for 1min and walked closer to them to say "hi", then they asked "reservation?" without a smile. We said "Yes, reservation at 7pm" then they looked at the book and said "just a moment" and we stood and waited aside for a good 8min before they led us to a table.2 - Our female server walked back and forth busy serving other tables and we were seated at the table for 12min, Seriously? You can't just come by to take drink orders or even just ask us to give a few more minutes?3 - She was very impatience; we wanted to ask for the best bottle of wine for our food, she didn't get us the correct wine menu so she had to go get it a couple of times and gave us a weird unhappy look then she returned and said "you might need a moment to look, I'll be back" then walked away. Hence, we waited for another 10min before we ordered our drink.4 - Food-wise, everything was perfect until dessert; we ordered their creme brule and that's what we always order; however, when it came, the entire creme brule was freezing cold and firm! Usually the bottom egg part is soft and cold with warm top sugar crust that is freshly made to order. It looked and tasted like something they put in the fridge overnight (perhaps someone didn't want it). So we told our server, she didn't even look/check the creme brule and immediately said "it IS how we do it, you can talk to our manager if you want"Oh my lord! Really?! That pissed my husband off so badly! So of course we wanted to speak to their manager; the manager came and first he said the same thing that it was how they do it without checking it, we asked him to look closer and he started to realize the weird firmness of the brule. He started to apologize and to bring a freshly made one out to us, and removing the brule from the check.As much as we love The Capital Grille in other cities, we will definitely pass this one and not recommend to anyone.
1	My husband and I went here about a week after getting married. We had received a gift card and were excited to use it. We made our reservation for 8:00 because we had tickets to Zumanity at 10:00 thinking 2 hours would be enough time. We arrived on time at 8:00 and were informed that they were running about 10-15 minutes behind. We were asked to sit at the bar. Fine. We went and stood because there were no seats anywhere. We were proceeded to be ignored by bartenders for at least 10 minutes before my husband got a Jack and ginger and I got a cranberry vodka. Not rocket science to make those drinks. So we were thinking that we'd get our table soon after. Not so. We waited another 20 minutes before being seated. One might expect that waiting 30 minutes for a table would mean we would get a nice table. Again not so. We were seated next to a two large loud groups. And by next to I mean if I stretched too much I would hit one of the ladies at the table next to me. By the time we were seated, we were starving and knew what we wanted for appetizers but our server quickly disappeared and we did not see him for another 15 minutes. The only thing he did quickly was disappear. It took us a full 2 hours to eat because the service was so slow. By the time we got out of there it was almost 11:00 and the mall the restaurant is located in was closed. We missed our show and after attempts to reach management to discuss this experience to no avail, I promised that I would never ever return. I cannot emphasize enough how horrible the service is here. DO NOT GO UNLESS YOU LIKE TO BE FRUSTRATED and wait.
2	Capital Grille in Las Vegas has gone down hill.  This used to be one of the top steak places in Vegas.  Now that there are so many that are much better, Capital Grille needs to step up their game.  The formality and ambience was disappointing and the food was just  ok.  So sad....
2	On Sun/9 Jun at about 9 pm I was here with 2 buddies, and the 2 kids of one of the buddies:Cons:- $10 for "Field Greens, Tomatoes, and Fresh Herbs" salad which turned out to be a pitiful looking plate of iceberg lettuce and two cherry tomatoes that were cut in half.   My salad contained no herbs other than what was in the vinaigrette dressing I had on the side.  Capital Grille should rename it the "Iceberg Lettuce and Tomatoes" salad.  - My 2 buddies had each ordered soup with their fish entrees.  Both buddies said that the waiter had made it seem that the $11/soup would be complimentary (since it was our first time eating at Capital Grille or whatever).  I wasn't paying attention to what the waiter said when he was discussing the menu, but I'll side with both of my friends (word of my 2 friends vs. the word of 1 waiter) who say they were mislead into ordering the soup.  Had my friends known it wasn't complimentary, they wouldn't have bothered ordering the soup.Pros:- Great location overlooking the northern end of the Strip.- Aside from the soup problem, the service was great.- Fancy decor, nice ambiance.
4	A snazzy joint.  Walked in and immediately knew this is how the uppercrust of society lives LOL I ordered the filet mignon which was delicious and truffle fries which were ho hum. I kept stealing my friends au gratin potatoes as the magic just would not stop in my mouth!! They were delicious!! We also ordered a bottle of red wine which was nice (but I don't know ANYTHING about wine). Be prepared to make it rain though.  Each of us spent like a $100 (that included like a $40 tip) but it was totally worth it.  Hey , I don't eat like this everyday right?!
5	Service was impeccable (Dominic) the filet was prepared perfectly.Highly recommend.
5	We always have a great meal and the service is 5 stars. They give you plenty of time to finish your appetizers and you don't feel like you are being rushed out. The Calamari and truffle fries are our Favorite along with the 10oz Filet. Don't forget the cheesecake because its the best!
5	Went here with a group of 12 people but service was great. Our waitress went over about 8 things from the menu and did it so well that I wanted to try half the things she mentioned. It was very slow service, however, and that was probably the only complaint I had.  I started with a few oysters which were fresh and well prepared (cut well, no shell bits, etc) with vinegar (one of my favorites) as well as horseradish and cocktail sauce.The spinach salad was great, nice hot dressing but the spinach wasn't too wilted either. Bacon bits were good.I had the steak, of course, which was just a little bit beyond medium rare but very good anyway. I do think their spices on the steaks are not as good as other steakhouses but the meat is great.The sides were good, mashed potatoes and string beans. Sides were a little small for the price, I think.Overall, great.
5	My cousin and I came to Vegas for a bachelorette party. Since we were the first to arrive and was famished; she wanted to treat me for my belated birthday and took me to Capital Grille for lunch. We were staying at the Trump and conveniently just walked over to Capital Grille. This was both our first time at this location. She's been to the Capital Grille in PA and I've been to Capital Grille many times in Costa Mesa, Ca. Jeff was our waiter and we couldn't have ask for a better waiter! We LOVE him! He was vibrant, funny and very helpful with our course selection. He recommended us to try their new martinis and the lobster crab hamburger was yummy! Their coconut cream pie is to die for. I always get that for dessert! Their beef wagyu carpaccio is oh so yummy! Seared salmon salad was refreshingly delicious and their sliced filet mignon with caramelized onions and mushrooms just melts in your mouth. Jeff was so sweet, we even took a pix with him. =) If you're in the area, ask to be seated where Jeff will be serving! Overall a great experience and the food was stellar!
4	It was the reason to use Yelp.  Last winter my family went to Vegas. One day we were shopping in the fashion show, my mom wanted to have some steak for dinner. So I yelped and found this grille had the highest rate. The view was very nice.  The steak there were tasty. My father ordered lamb and I tried a little bit. They are so good. Definitely worth the price.
5	Restaurant Week Stop #1..........The Capital Grille : Lunch : $30.13 First Course : Field Greens, Seasonal Vegetables With Shallot Champagne Vinaigrette OR Clam Chowder Clam chowder was good!  Not great, but good! Second Course : Dry Aged Sirloin With Roasted Pepper, Fresh Mozzarella And Arugula Salad OR The Grille's Signature Cheeseburger With Parmesan Truffle Fries OR Seared Citrus Glazed Salmon OR Caesar Salad With Roasted Chicken Breast And Parmesan Tuile It's one of the best burgers in Vegas IMO....and you know I have a high standard in burgers! Cooked perfectly medium rare, with the juices hitting the plate even before the initial bite. The horseradish sauce is very subtle but adds a nice touch to a very well seasoned burger. Not sure if they use aged meat, but it tastes like it! Truffle fries are good but not great....a little light with the truffle oil. The aged steak was ok...didn't have the punch most aged steaks have imo.  It was cooked well, but didn't have the flavor explosions goin on in each bite.  The salad was pretty good surprisingly, since I don't usually eat the greens :P Third Course : Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake OR Creme Brulee OR The Capital Grille Handcrafted Ice Cream OR Chef's Seasonal Fruit Sorbet Chocolate Cake was super rich and thick but tasty!  I really liked the creme brulee...pretty tasty and fresh fruit was piled all over on top!Service and atmosphere was excellent!  It's very classy without feeling stuffy. Worth every penny for RW...do it!
4	Restaurant Week Meal #1 (Lunch for $30.13): Clam Chowder  OR Field Greens,Dry-Aged Sirloin Salad OR Grille's Signature Cheeseburger OR Caesar Salad with Chicken Breast OR Seared Citrus Glazed Salmon,Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake OR Creme Brulee OR Handcrafted Ice Cream OR Seasonal Fruit SorbetClam Chowder:Generous amount of clams. Good chowder. 4/5Dry-Aged Sirloin Salad:I was expecting a few slices of steak on a bed of greens but I got a big piece of steak (about 10oz) with a side of greens.  The menu description said it comes with arugula but mine was spinach. It has roasted peppers and mozzarella with olive oil and balsamic dressing. 3.5/5Grille's Signature Cheeseburger with Truffle Fries:I've been coming to Capital Grille for years now that somehow it doesn't seem so special anymore.  I always get either a steak or a burger with truffle fries.  Shawn asked me why I never told him about CG's burger and truffle fries...oops, sorry! But yes, the beef patty is totally delicious and quite big and the fries...ooohhh...5/5Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake:A dense chocolate cake. The espresso emphasizes the chocolate flavor. Try not to inhale if you have a piece of this cake in your mouth, the cocoa powder on top will choke you. 4/5Creme Brulee:Rich and creamy made with real vanilla beans. The caramelized top isn't one whole piece...more like drops of caramelized sugar but that didn't affect the texture or the taste. 4/5I like this place and I've never had a bad experience.  They're consistently good (food and service). You can get a view of the Wynn and Encore.  To get here, take the elevator/escalators to the 3rd floor and go outside the Food Court and turn left.  They have private rooms for meetings or group functions. I normally don't have to pay for my meals when I go here.
5	Wow.  The absolute best burger in the world... and I've had many.  I've been to all those burger specialty places, places that have $20 burgers, etc.  There is no burger better than this one.  (only available by special request for dinner though - come for lunch to have it otherwise).  Their steaks are great too.  Classy place and not cheap, but an amazing view of the strip on the 3rd floor of Fashion Show Mall across from the Wynn.    If you want to impress your girl, bring her here...
5	Had a party of 12 and they accommodated us without any issue on a Saturday night.I'm sure I'd this was in the middle of the strip it would be packed all the time. But if you can deal with getting out to the fashion mall, it is worth it.Plan for 100$ per person for entrees, bottle of wine and a starter or salad or side to share.Had the steak and lobster, it was incredible. Filet was great too. We shared a wedge salad and they even split it for us in the kitchen.Waitress had some bland humor but was very attentive.Definitely would go again.
5	Capital Grille is one of our favorites. We've been many times & to many locations...all have been good but tonight was great! If in Vegas ask for Raul Barajas! He is exceptional! My husband & I split a ribeye Kona crusted (not on the menu but suggested by Raul). It was amazing. He treated us to champagne & dessert as it was our anniversary...that's never happened before. He's genuine & made it a great celebration.
5	As soon as we were sat we had some of the best service in all of vegas steak houses.  Our server Dominick was super attentive and extremely considerate.   We recommend this highly being at every steak house in town.  The quality of the steak was excellent.  The coconut pie was worth comming for on its own!!!!
4	I booked a reservation for four on Wednesday night and ended up having a fifth join our party. We arrived on time but the fifth person and the window seat request caused a slight delay. Corey the manager was gracious and kept us informed on the status of our table, he even bought us three appetizers because of the delay. As for the meal it was as awesome as ever. The food was cooked properly and was delicious. My guests were very impressed with the level of service and attention. Don't hesitate to dine here but know you get what you pay for and make sure you make reservations in advance, the wait at 7:00 on a Wednesday can be two hours or more.
3	I ordered their porterhouse steak which was decent but not that good.  The steak had no char on the outside at all, and was a much thinner cut than I am accustomed to.  At $45 the steak should be better.  It is dry aged which is good and compared to the price and quality of other steakhouses I have been to in Vegas it is OK.   Their signature steak is the ribeye but I am not really a fan of ribeye steaks due to their fattiness. The sides were excellent along with the French onion soup. The chef prepared a special complementary appetizer of shrimp tempura which was excellent and appreciated.The ambiance is nice, but bathroom is pretty dirty. This restaurant is owned and operated by mega restaurant corp Darden.  The wine list was extensive and farily priced.  Overall a pretty good value if you would like a formal, nice dinner in this town for a non absurd price.
5	I'm staying at the trump international so after a walk through the mall across the street I found my self wanting to eat a nice steak dinner. First time I've been to capital grille and I can say I was very impressed, I had the filet mignon with the asparagus and a glass of the house red wine and it was all amazing. Unfortunately I didn't have the appetite for desert when it was all said and done. The service was very good even though I sat at the bar so I could watch tv I still felt like a very prioritized customer by the guy behind the bar. A bit pricey but It was well worth it for my steak was grilled to perfection and I have no complaints. Oh there was some obnoxious "millionaires" bragging about their Ferraris and houses but It was nothing to me because I was so focused on my food!
4	This was our first venture to The Capital Grille and it was a very enjoyable experience. We normally stay away from the craziness of the Strip since we live in Vegas but after looking at their website and having received a $50 off gift card from American Express we decided to give it a try.After a little confusion as to where the front entrance was located we were promptly seated in a corner that allowed us a panoramic view of the strip which was beautiful as we were right across from the Wynn.  It was lunch time however they were not very busy, quiet atmosphere and very comfortable. Our server was very attentive and pleasant. I normally shy away from crab cakes as I have been sorely disappointed in the past--too much breading or too greasy. However our server explained that their Lobster & Crab Cakes are pan seared then baked in the oven and "wonderful". And she was correct. I thoroughly enjoyed them  as they had large chucks of both lobster & crab and not just shredded pieces. For my lunch entree I decided on the Main Lobster Salad with Champagne Vinaigrette which was just as enjoyable. The vinaigrette was light and truly accented the taste of the lobster which included large chunks of lobster as well as the claw meat.  I would certainly order both again... My husband ordered a steak with mashed potatoes- his steak was cooked to order and he very much enjoyed his selection as well. We are planning on returning as there were several other items that peaked our interest especially on the dinner menu. I am hoping our night time visit is just as relaxing and enjoyable. My one suggestion would be to check out their on-line menu to have an idea of what you may want as there are seemingly many tasty items to select from.
5	I was in your Las Vegas location on Saturday night 10/26/2013, and I have to say that I received the best service I have ever had in an upscale restaurant to date.Having previously been to your Long Island, NY location, I knew my family and I would be in for a treat.  What I did not know, was how immaculate the service would be.  Our waiter, Ralph was not only extremely knowledgeable but also showed the attentiveness and understanding we seek when fine dining.The food was extremely consistent with your Long Island location, and needless to say, we were all delighted.The steaks were cooked to perfection, the sides were very generously portioned, and even when we were not thrilled about how our Lobster Tails came out, Ralph made sure that those that were not up to par were replaced and brought out fresh and hot.Not only will I be recommending this location to all friends that visit Las Vegas, but I will be reccommending all of your loctations as my family left the restaurant feeling satisfied and special.Ralph and all of The Capital Grille Las Vegas made my father's birthday special and we hope to celebrate many more occassions at another one of your locations.
5	We came here on a Thursday evening for a pharmaceutical hosted event. For appetizers we had the Wagyu beef carpaccio. For salads, we had a Ceasar and Wedge salad with bacon. For the main course, we had a 10oz fillet mignon and 14oz sirlion steak. For dessert, we finished off with creme brulee and a flourless chocolate espresso cake.  - I had to park next to the green at the Fashion Show mall to get here. Went up an escalator and out the food court and into Capital Grille. - Great service. Servers greeted me with a glass of white wine and took my order promptly. - Wagyu beef was finely sliced. Reminds me of when I go to a korean BBQ or Japanese restaurant. Nice presentation and nice flavor.- The wedge salad was interesting. Litterally a chopped head. Don't think you're expected to finish all of it, but if you managed to do so, good for you. haha. - The steak and fillet mignon were excellent! Very juicy and tender. High recommendation. But if I had to chose, I go with the sirloin over the fillet. - We had mashed potatoes, mushrooms and green beans for side. Taste like any other steak restaurant to me, equivalent Mastro's. -  The desserts were sweet. Excellent presentation. Just what I expected.
5	We ordered the steak carpaccio for appetizer.wifey had filet mignon and I had the delmonico bone in rib eye. Our sides were cream corn with bacon and mash potatoes. Great meal great service..Steak was so good we didn't need any type of sauce the cream corn with bacon was really good..thank you for a great experience
5	In the chaos of Las Vegas strip, the Capital Grill is an oasis of calm and sophistication in a sea of choices.  Decided as we came back from the Outlet mall we decided to jump off the bus for lunch.  Very nice and relaxing place with a dark inviting bar tucked away where you can have a relaxing drink or sit by a large window with panoramic view and have a great meal.  We had some wine and I got the rib eye steak sandwich.  It was cooked perfectly and ate the entire sandwich where the steak was trimmed perfectly.  A great place for lunch and sure an exceptional dinner.
5	My Wife had read that the bar at the Capital Grille had a good menu and after checking the reviews it appeared to be a good choice. We went to the restaurant and were greeted by a very attentive hostess who immediately began to seat us. We asked if we could sit in the bar and she said yes and seated us in the bar. the bar was empty as the restaurant had just opened however there was a bartender there preparing for the day. She greeted us very nicely and brought us the menus. She then explained the various items on the menu that we asked about and then took our orders. As she was leaving my wife made a comment to me about my birthday however I did not know the bartender had heard the comment. The bartender then brought us our wine and appetizer which was incredible. We tried the Ahi Tuna Sashimi which was incredible. After that we had the Capital Grille Burger and truffle fries which was also incredible. For desert we had the flourless chocolate cake and once again it was incredible, especially with a glass of port. After a great meal the check was delivered to us at which time the bartender said that it was my Birthday and that they recognize this and provided our appetizer and the desert at no charge; what a wonderful thing to hear. We had a great time, great food, great wine and outstanding service. We will be back.
5	Came here for an Anniversary & it was love at first bite. Made reservations highlighting that it was my anniversary, was looking for a nice view etc. We got that and more. Ordered the delmonico rib eye 12 yr old aged Balsamic, Cream Corn w/Bacon & Lobster Mac & Cheese...the food came out and I damn near fainted. UNBELIEVABLY good, the knife fell into the steak effortlessly. Very juicy, tender. Worth the price. For desert they surprised us with a free cheesecake, glaze & berries on the side. THEE BEST cheesecake, not too rich, tasty & just right. The staff & our waiter Jason was amazing. Beautiful view, lovely decor. I've never given anything 5 but this place deserves it.
5	Great dinner with my family. Especially my son just returned from Navy college and was very happy to noticed a welcome card made by the staffs. I love their porterhouse and delmonico ribeye.  My hotel executive secretary was very impressed of the   chocolate cake and we had a great time !
4	I've always wanted to come here and first time trying it out and I was impressed!  First and foremost, the hostess greeted us right away.  She was very friendly.  Restaurant was very nice inside, nice view of the Las Vegas Strip.We first started with apps which we had oysters, lobster and calamari and shrimp.  All was very good!! Oysters were nice and cold and being in Las Vegas surprisingly; tasted fresh.  Lobster was served cold but it was very tasty. The calamari was pretty good.  It defiantly had a some kick to it due to the  peperoncini and peppers mixed it. And the shrimp were huge; could use a little more cocktail sauce but the apps were great!Now on to my entree all I have to say was YUMM!!!  I ordered the sea bass and it was awesome!!! It was cooked perfectly, tasted great.  I would highly recommend this entree.  My boyfriend ordered the steak and lobster and he said that it was just the right amount of food due to if you order some of the steaks they are huge! His steak was cooked perfectly; just the way he liked it and the lobster was on top with some creamy sauce as the base.  Our sides were corn, Au gratin potatoes and lobster mac-n-cheese and asparagus.  The sides were good I just have to say if you order the corn, Au Gratin Potatoes and the loster mac-n-cheese, it's all based with cream sauce and bread crumbs.  I've heard from several people that the lobster mac-n-cheese was very good but I wouldn't rate it as a 5.  It was alright.  I expected it to be a little more cheesy and the noodles could of been more of the traditional way to where the cheese can get inside of the noodles instead of using a egg noodles.All in all, I will definately go there again!!!
5	Awesome dining experience!  After a round of golf, didn't really have time to change, so just went to dinner in golf shirt, shorts, and flip-flops.  If you're gonna roll like that, Vegas is definitely the place to do it.  Cuz you definitely cannot pull that off in NYC or Beverly Hills!  Prime beef grilled to perfection!  Had the Kona-crusted NY Strip. . . awesome!  And the lobster mac is unbelievable!  One thing that left me with a bit of a question mark.  Our waiter told us that the menu was all grass-fed???  However, no other info out there seems to confirm this.  The steak itself although delicious, did not taste like grass-fed.  No other info from the company itself.  And no other Yelper reviews confirming it... hmmmm?  Maybe someone can confirm for me?  Nonetheless, I'm a fan of the place.  Would be an even bigger fan if I can get the grass-fed option confirmed.
5	I love this place! From the view, the service, the food, and the drinks...mmmMmmMmm! Always greeted with a smile, seated promptly and made to feel right at home. Amazing wine list, bottles/half bottles/by the glass. There is baked Parmesan in their assortment of bread along with a warm roll dusted with sesame seeds. Caesar salad was about 4/5 on my scale, however, still very good. Lobster bisque was wonderful. Our waiter, Raul, suggested the rib eye sandwich...excellent suggestion. This delicious piece of meat topped with melted havarti and caramelized onions melts in your mouth in between two pieces of sourdough garlic bread. I couldn't believe how amazing it was. My mom ordered the salmon with a fresh salad on the side (I can't remember the menu name). I tried the salmon and it was another melt in your mouth bite! We will return again soon!!!
5	Food and drinks were great as was service. We were a bit late for our reservation but they were very accommodating.
4	A return trip to The Capital Grille yielded the same fine, friendly, and knowledgeable service.  Regular water refills were provided without request by our server Kristen.  And the cuisine enjoyed was again quite memorable.A Shrimp Cocktail featured 5 big shrimp.  A Caesar Salad highlighted chopped fresh Romaine leaves with hard Parmesan croutons and a peppery Caesar Dressing.  A medium rare, well-seasoned Sliced Filet Mignon with Wild Mushrooms & Cippolini Onions and excellent au jus was very tasty, and the Butter Poached Lobster accompanying a tender Seared Filet was sweet, dipped in sumptuous Butter Sauce.  Sam's Mashed Potatoes, creamy Redskins, were delicious.  We received more au jus on request.But 1 small thread was found clinging to a morsel of meat.  Otherwise, this would have been a 5-star experience.XXXX-1/2 overall!
4	My husband took me here for birthday dinner and we were impressed with their service. We can't comment much on the steak at this time because we couldn't taste the steak this time. But we want to praise them for their great service and professionalism. 4 stars all go to their service. Not 5 star yet because we can't comment on the steak yet.....maybe 5 stars next time after we go back again next time. Please read on for what they have done right below:We ordered steaks but couldn't really taste it as we ordered our steak medium well, but the steak came out burned outside and rare inside. My husband's was a porterhouse, and mine was a rib-eye. my rib-eye did have a portion that is more like a medium, so I ate that part, at least still better than the steak I had earlier somewhere for lunch. My husband's porterhouse was medium on the edge, and pretty rare when it got closer to the bone. We didn't want to ask for cooking them more as the outside was very burned up (basically black). So we tried to eat the part that is more like a medium, and considered taking the rare part home, But when we got to the pretty rare part, we were still hungry and we think we couldn't handle the bloody taste anymore, it was also hard to chew on with the rareness, so we asked them to grill them some more. I guess at that point, they noticed that the steaks were burned outside and rare inside (they probably wonder why we didn't say anything earlier), and after grilling them some more, the outside got even more black and the inside was not yet medium well. So the manager came out and apologized to us very professionally and sincerely. And they said they would take care of the steaks. We were a bit surprised because we haven't experienced such kind of professionalism in restaurants for quite a long time. And they still continue to serve us sincerely after they said they would take care of the steaks. The server still kept saying happy birthday to me, and they still gave me the complimentary birthday dessert after they said they would pay for our steaks. The dessert tasted good and the presentation was good too. So at the end, there was no bill at all and we could have just walked away without paying anything. They didn't even leave a tab on the table at the end (the black thing that holds the bill when you ask for the check), meaning they are not pressuring us to leave tip. What a good ethics and attitude! In fact, we wanted to tip them even more instead because of all the good business ethics and professional service! We estimated how much the meal would have been if the steaks didn't come out wrong, then we calculate the tip off that amount. I think we gave more than 20% tip. They deserve the tip money though the steaks came out as a mistake. Since there was no tab, we gave the tip directly to the server. There was no upsetness though the steaks were messed up. We were pleased and we think we would go back again to give it a try again in the future. Again, professionalism and service are very crucial in restaurant business. Of course good food is important too.
4	Great location with views of the Strip and Wynn's landscaping.  I didn't quite get that part of previous reviews until I saw it in person.  Very rich decor and typical high end steak house ambiance.  They have a massive wine list (which I didn't sample but my group was very impressed with).  There are enough choices of seafood and meats to satisfy anyone.   Caprese appetizer was an interesting twist on the typical format, and very good.  You order sides for the table and they only cover about 2-3 people so you might need more, which increases the cost for a larger group.  But all we had was really well done and service was great.
5	This is my second time eating a CG, the first time was for lunch and I had a Rib Eye sandwich that was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!This time was dinner and it was equally as good.  I had sole and my wife and daughter split the lamb.  Service was impeccable, food was fantastic!We will be back!
4	Nice atmosphere.  Beautiful location overlooking the Strip.  it is a little weird to get to, on the 3rd floor of an otherwise 2-story mall.Steak was tasty.  Reservation system on Yelp was VERY useful.
5	First visit to the Capital Grill for lunch. The Lobster Bisque soup was the best I have tried in Las Vegas. Large chunks of lobster made it a winner. Next the ribeye sandwich was a delight. The cut of steak was as thick as a large burger and just as tender. Another winner. Service is excellent and we'll be back for dinner.
3	Food was good, but not blown away by the taste. Somewhat overpriced. Service was so-so. Ambiance is decent.
3	The atmosphere is relaxing with an old school feel to it. Our server was great and I really liked the special touches they did on the table for our anniversary. They also take a photo complimentary that prints out during dinner too. However, to be quite honest the food was just ok. The parmesan crusted sole tasted like only parmesan. The portion was huge though but unappetizing. I did like the green beans and the fries were tasty. My boyfriend did not care for the steak that much. The two different wines we had we did like and the salad for starter was good too. For the price and the lack of taste in the entrees I do not see us coming back.
3	This place was good but I've had better steaks! Nice little place. Try it and see what you think.
5	I came here with my boyfriend for a late Valentine's day date on Sunday night. It was my first time here and I loved it. Erik was our server and he made amazing suggestions from the menu. We ordered everything he suggested and we were not disappointed. For drinks my boyfriend ordered a beer and Erik suggested a pineapple infused vodka drink that was served straight up in a chilled martini glass. It was delicious. The perfect blend of tangy and sweet. For appetizers, we ordered the lobster bisque and the wedge salad. Erik added some sherry to my lobster bisque at the table that really brought out the rich flavor of the soup. I had a couple bites of the wedge salad and it was crisp and refreshing. Both were perfect portions.For our entrees we had the Delmonico steak which is their bone in rib eye and the Filet Oscar which was a filet topped with blue crab meat and a Bearnaise sauce served with asparagus spears. Both entrees tasted amazing. The rib eye had excellent flavor and even the slight char from the grill tasted good. The crab meat on the Fillet Oscar was sweet and the flavors flowed together perfectly.We also shared the sides of creamed spinach and creamy mashed potatoes. They complimented our meals nicely and tasted really fresh.We were too stuffed to try dessert but I had my eye on every creme brulee that passed by. Next time I will make sure to save room for it. We ended our meal with a coffee and an espresso.The manager stopped by our table to ask how our meal was which is always a nice touch to see managers engaging with the guests dining in their establishment. There is also a great sense of teamwork among the servers. Many times I saw other servers clearing tables that weren't their own or grabbing dirty dishes out of another server's hands while he was at another table speaking with his guests. It's nice to see the wait staff help each other out and care about the appearance of the restaurant and the service being provided to all guests, not just their own.If you're looking for a great meal with a gorgeous view of the strip lit up at night and even better service, come here for dinner. Ask to sit in Erik's section. He'll ensure you have a great experience and leave you wanting to come back again.
5	Excellent food, attentive service, a quiet retreat just above the LV strip. Capital Grille has everything you would expect out of a restaurant of this quality. As far as the food goes, I say you cannot go wrong with the Filet Oscar and the Banana Creme Pie.
5	Excellent service. Perfect burger! Great salad & had nice dessert options, but I was too stuffed to try any of them. Will leave room next time:) will definitely be back!
5	I have been to several Capital Grille's thoughout the country but the Vegas joint is the BOSS! My wife and myself celebrated our anniversary there and had a gift card for the occassion. The food and ambiance were great and to top it off our sever was outstanding.He took the time to go over the menu, gave us a brief update on the city and what was happening and also comped us appetizer and dessert. Needless to say we left the server a great tip and even wrote a letter to The Darden Corp to express how great out experience was. I can't wait to get back there.
5	Was referred here by a friend, brought my wife here for our 20th anniversary and it was the perfect place. We made reservations and recommend you do the same, we walked in 5 min before our reservation and were promptly seated. We both opted for steak, mine was Kona crusted and was one of the best steaks I have had in a long time. Atmosphere was perfect, service was impeccable, definitely recommend. Our waiter was Erik O'connell, he was well versed with all aspects of the restaurant which is a plus if you aren't great with wine pairings as their wine list is quite extensive.
3	Steak was some what tuff for the price. Had the spinach and had to add salt for flavor. They measured my $20.00 glass of wine to the tee. Wedged salad was fantastic. Service was good but for me this is not a place I will rush back too. Perhaps a little over rated.
5	Steak tartar is killer and an amazing wine list
4	Dined with a large group on a Saturday evening. We had a variety of steaks all were cooked perfectly and delicious, best in Vegas. The calamari app was the best we've ever had, perfect. My only complaint was the dessert. Two in our group got the ice cream trio, not only was it partially melted very small scoops but there were no "fresh baked cookies"  served with it like the menu stated. Disappointing dessert for an otherwise delicious meal.
4	The service is top notch. The food ranges from good to awesome. The portions are filling and the presentation is pleasing. Their claim to fame is a great steak.  I am not steak person but based on the comments of the folks I have dined with the steaks are flavorful. I've  had the sea bass and the ahi tuna.  Both were cooked to perfectionThe creamed corn and lobster Mac and cheese are sinfully delightful. The cheesecake is one of the best I've ever had. The views are amazing and the seats are comfy. It's not a place I'd go to every night but for a special occasion or to escape mundane dining this place is perfect.
5	Loved this place and will be back when I come to Vegas. The steak was excellent, and the lobster bisque my wife had was a well.
5	Capital Grill = Dry Aged Steak.  Thats all you need to know.  Go there for that alone.  The rest is good, great even but its the Dry Aged Steak that makes this place and the entire chain a must eat at experience.My girlfriend has a number of food allergies that means she can't eat spices and other things that are normal in meals to make them taste good.  So I took her here and she could not believe how good a steak without any add ons could taste.I was the only one to drink and they have a fabulous range (best I've ever seen) of half bottle wines.  You have to specifically ask for the half bottle menu.
4	Awesome service by Alex. Better pricing than casinos too.  Wait was 30 min past reservation however
5	Dry Aged Steak Au Poivre is a must have! The Lobster Mac N Cheese is okay. It's nothing to gloat about.
4	Great place to have dinner on the strip.The waitress was very helpful, courteous and funnyGreat quality for the value. It is my second visit and I love it
5	I went to "The Capital Grille" for my 21st birthday, years ago. I really enjoyed the views, environment, upscale dinning, and wonderful food!! I was able to spend my anniversary last week, here as well :) I actually booked my reservation through YELP! Which made it so easy. In the box I mention our celebration. Capital Grille went above and beyond with a letter from them, congratulating us. Also heart shaped decor was put on our table and free dessert for the occasion. The food was to die for! We ate till we couldn't anymore! :) Great people working there, from the waiters, to the bussers, and management! I'm sure if we met the kitchen, they'd be pretty awesome too! I'll be back sooner than later, that's for sure!!! Thanks for the wonderful experience and helping me celebrate my one year!!!
5	Went back to Capital Grille in early May and had another wonderful time. We dined in the Bar area so that we could Watch the NHL Playoffs as well as NFL draft. The Bar Tender took care of us and Ralph my waiter from my last visit dropped in to say Hello. The Sirlion was tender and full of flavor. The Hazelnut cake a great cap to a great diner. This places not only delivers a great meal but the service is the best.
5	Went here on a Saturday night, had reservations with a friend of mine.  They were great, we got stuck in a monster track jam and our cabbie had to go through the backroads so we were running late for the reservation but checking in along the way.  We showed up about 20 minutes late and, fortunately, they still seated us.  It wasn't super crowded at that point but it packed in right after.  The decor is nice and relaxing with a chill view.  It's not like a "fake" or forced Vegas experience, I don't think.  Just a nice steakhouse overlooking the back end of the strip.We got a great waiter - Frankie.  It has to be part of a schtick but he looks and acts like a combo of Joe Pesci and Robert De Niro, ya know, the "badda bing New Yahk" thing.  Great guy, funny... very honest about the menu.  He told me the special and then said, "But don't get that... get this..."I'm totally blowing it on this review, as I saved it a while ago but didn't finish it, but I forgot exactly what steak I got... sorry!  But, it was just stupid good.  My friend got a different kind - also amazing.  We had a combo of sides and starters, like salads, mashed potatoes, veggies, etc.  All good.  I get the impression that you can't go wrong here.I'd definitely recommend but get a reservation - just to be safe.  Tip... don't try to find the damn hidden elevator in the parking garage below... you'll waste 15 minutes on a wild goose chase... just walk up the little stairs to the blvd, then take the escalator up.
4	The steak was awesome! The service is wonderful. Fish is so so...
5	Wow loved this place !  I celebrated my birthday dinner here and it was amazing .  Everyone in my group was extremely happy.  Not only was the food good, but they truly made my bday special by adding decorations.  All the the workers were nice and service was amazing .  If you want an amaZing steak this is the place to go ...
5	My husband and I celebrated our 4th anniversary here. We gave them 25 minutes from the time we called for a reservation to when we were seated. Every person wished us a Happy Anniversary from the Hostess, to the waiter, to the manager of the restaurant. When we arrived we had a wonderful view and the table was decorated with a handwritten note. The waiter (Carlos) was extremely welcoming, knowledgeable and gracious. We had a great meal, great drinks and everlasting memories!Local Visited, Local Approved :)
4	Had the porter house. Unreal. The winner of the night was the lobster mac and cheese though.
4	Wrong restaurant.... they don't let me delete......
5	Oh, I love Capital Grille.  For us, it's the standard bearer when it comes to a steakhouse.  So when we were in Vegas for our anniversary and needed someplace to celebrate the day, there was no question where we would go.Of course the table was decorated when we got there and a handwritten note was waiting for us, with a wax seal.We almost always order the same thing: lobster and crab cakes for an app, we both have a lettuce wedge for a salad.  I have the filet and the husband has the kona crusted ribeye.  We'll vary on what we have for dessert.I love the Bohemian there - it's an awesome champagne drink that has raspberries in it.  It's almost worth a trip to the Grille just for that.Anyway, our experience here was wonderful.  Our minor quibble is the lobster and crab cake weren't quite as good as we were used to, but everything else was spot on.  As they sometimes do, they came out with a complimentary dessert of a small cheesecake and espresso cake with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate.I really wish they would open a Capital Grille in the Bay Area.
4	We were craving a steak last Saturday and decided on the capital grille. We made reservations that morning and arrived at 9:30pm. Alex was our server and he did a great job. He explained the menu thoroughly and made suggestions. A few of us took his suggestions and were glad we did. The only negative of the night was my wife's steak was over cooked. We mentioned this to Alex and he was genuinely shocked. He apologized, took it off our check, and comped dessert for everyone at our table all without us even asking for anything. We were more than happy just to have another one made for us but he went the extra mile. Thanks Alex!
5	I love me some Capital Grille! It's one of the few nice steak house chains my hometown doesn't have, so I look forward to enjoying this Vegas location when visiting. The service here is superior to most other fine dining chains... some of which are hard to top! To make mine and my husband's anniversary special and memorable, they sprinkled little hearts on the white linen table, had glasses of champagne waiting for us, and completed our meal with a complimentary berry cheesecake.I love when a variety is offered in the bread basket, and you get quite a range of flavors here from raison pumpernickel to chopped olives baked in. So good to carb out on! When on vacation, we like to splurge... so we ordered our very own salads instead of spitting one before the meal. ;-) I had the caprese while my husband went with a caesar. Both were a perfect start! I'm a filet kind of girl AND I'm a lobster kind of girl. So it was an easy choice for me to go with the lobster topped filet medallions. I would get it again in a heartbeat! My husband went with a simple filet, which tasted anything but simple. We split a side of the cheesy au gratin potatoes. They are some of the best I've ever had... and I've had a fair share of cheesy potatoes in my time! As previously mentioned, we enjoyed a piece of thick, New York style cheesecake plated with fresh berries. Though we were stuffed from our meal, it was too good not to finish the entire slice of cake.Capital Grille... please, please, PLEASE come to St. Louis! I miss you already!
5	We had a great time on Saturday night celebrating my husband's birthday. Not only did we get the table we requested for the evening, but the staff had decorated our table and personally wished him a Happy Birthday as well as surprised us with a lovely dessert for the occasion. Peter, our waiter, helped us make an excellent wine selection that went well with our steaks (the Delmonico for him and tenderloin with lobster for me!). Don't miss out on the sides to share either- all of them are delicious!
5	Wow, we had a great experience here. Carlos, our server was great. The food was exceptional.  I had the tenderloins and lobster. My wife had the bass.  We also had the potatoes. Everything was as good as they could have been. We also did the generous pour... which was 7 wines all you could drink for 25.  If the appetizers were cheaper, I would have bought more (we just got 1 salad).... If the wine was more expensive,  I would have bought in spite of it.
2	Made reservations for this place a week in advance BF asked for a window table and everything was confirmed and ready to go. We went there on a Thur in the evening in attempts to "beat the crowd" when we walked in the place was empty (typical for a weekday) we gave the hostess (she was nice) out name and she asked another lady a question (quietly) NOW as l mentioned before the place was EMPTY only one other table. She quickly sat us in the first table closest to the register/hostess station, which was weird because we specifically asked for and confirmed a window table (guess we looked like we might run out on the bill)We took that in stride and just tried to enjoy the meal, food was decent enough, filet mignon was nicely cooked but lobster Mac and cheese was the highlight. The server was nice but he NEVER checked on us, we both had salads to start, entree and a dessert and he NEVER refilled out drink even ONCE never even asked if we needed anything else. Needless to say the service was less than perfect, guess we also look like bad tippers. We have been to and frequented MANY fine dining establishments in Vegas and this is by far the worst l was ever treated. lm never going back, the service was horrible and they seem too presumptuous and judgmental. Don't go here l would try Tender at the Luxor or even Delfrisco's for better food and service
5	My wife and I had dinner before a show at the Wynn's. Our meals were wonderful, the service was outstanding and the view of the Strip was very nice. We had a reservation and got the kind of table we requested. What was a little bit annoying was the way some people were dressed for such a more upscale restaurant. Their attire was just not appropriate.
5	We stayed at the Trump, across the street from the mall. We wanted to eat close by, which meant the mall. And luckily for us, the Capital Grille is the fanciest place to eat at the mall. It's got a great view of the Wynn and the strip, and at lunch, this place is full of power lunchers. I think my friend and I were the only two not dressed in suits, but that did not at all mean we experienced any subpar service. We split steak tartare - I looooove the preparation here. And it takes some time because they chop it up fresh for you! I won't give it away, but there are pictures... I had the lobster salad for lunch. I just couldn't handle more meat after the indulgent weekend I had. But it was still indulgent, for seafood. My friend had the steak cobb. And it was perfect - the steak was basically on the side. If I had known that, it would've been what I ordered. Just a little bit of steak, with a bit of salad (and avocado, blue cheese WEDGE, all the good cobb stuff). Capital Grille Strawberries for dessert. A perfect sendoff from Vegas!
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary last year and it was really nice! The bread they serve was amazing and I remember I had some kind of pasta but that was the best I've tasted. The atmosphere was really pretty being able to see out the window to the strip. A little pricey but you pay for what you like :) will definitely go back!!
4	Five Stars for service !!!!!! Four stars for food !!4.5 overall score Great restaurant with awesome service and good food. Give the food 4 stars. Good high quality food. Absolutely better than average. Definitely going to get your money's worth. FOOD: Ordered 2lb lobster with jumbo shrimp cocktail. Shrimp were fresh and served with a cocktail sauce that was familiar but with a little kick. Would recommend.  The lobster was cool to perfection. Recommend letting the lobster cool a bit before eating. They brought mine piping hot and the taste was off. Hard to explain but trust me as soon as it cooled off, the lovely taste of lobster was obtained. $25/lb I find it was a great value.  Definitely recommended to lobster lovers. 2lbs is more than enough. Would suggest sharing. I've had better, but happy to come back forSeconds. SERVICE:  is where this place stands out above the rest.  Everyone from the receptionist to the manager greeted us with appreciation and pleasant attitudes. They were very attentive to my comfort and happiness. Never had to ask for a refill on my water or ice tea. (My biggest pet peeve). My server Melissa (red head) was pretty much awesome in every way. She asked meHow everything was and told her that I had 4 claws with my lobster. She informed me that I should of only had 2 claws and told me she would talk to the manager about it. The manager came by and talked to me. He assured me that this was highly unusual and he would investigate it further. Thinking he would just give me an excuse, I was surprised when he apologized and would replace my lobster with a new one. I just wanted to trade in 2 claws for more tail but he gave me everything to make sure I was happy. Kuddos guys because actions like this makes me happy to spend 30 minutes of my life to tell all the restaurant goers to eat here. If you're not happy, they will try to make you leave that you are important enough to have you coming back for more. Great job guys !!!!  Best service ever !!
2	Second-rate version of a great restaurateur. NYC my favorite. "Be careful. The soup is very hot." I sent it back, It was cold. The server actually said this, no really, "I felt it with my finger." What? You put your finger in my soup? I hope he meant the heat generated by the saucer under the cup of  French onion. The soup was very ordinary. My steak was adequate. Hard to import a restaurant, put it in a place like LV, and hope things will work out. Some of the celeb locations here are hot at times, but they do not keep up a consistent delivery of food and service. Best thing all of them have going for themselves is PR, which means hype.
5	Being a French onion soup addict, I have tried it everywhere in Vegas that I have been to that serves it. This has been the most consistent all around. It is savory, nutty, the bread and cheese both hold their consistency the way they're supposed to. Also, if you happen to sit at the bar, Pam, one of the bartenders, is AMAZING. She remembers us from the second time we went there and always takes the best care of us! We love you Pam!! The other food is amazing as well, by the way, but the soup is a must!
4	This was, overall, such a memorable experience! Staff was excellent from beginning to end. Our server, Shaneen, was absolutely incredible. She really made the evening for us. Very knowledgeable, attentive, and made us feel so comfortable. We were there for a birthday dinner and the restaurant had put out a little hand-written "Happy Birthday" card on the table for us. Such a personal touch, I thought that was really nice. Food was to-die for. Especially the Dry Aged Bone In Kona Crusted Sirloin and the Lobster Mac & Cheese. We really liked the concept of the Calamari but thought it could have been executed a little better (wasn't crispy enough, a little soggy) but was still great, and the Caesar Salad was kind of a miss. Wine selection is extensive and fairly-priced. Thanks for a fantastic evening, we will be back!
5	Hubby made reservations and told them the special occasion, my birthday! We were seated immediately to a table that was near the window and nicely decorated with confetti, candy & a card (see pics). Server was nice and informative. We started with drinks I think it was a pineapple martini, it was ok, we're not big drinkers so the alcohol was strong and we only had one that we could barely finish lol -appetizer hubby got a spinach salad which he liked, and I got the lobster bisque which with each spoonful I died and went to lobster heaven! Lots of sweet chunks of lobster and the soup itself was creamy but light, I would've been happy just having that dish.-we got out entree I forgot the names but I think hubby got the ribeye and I got a surf & turf. Sides were mashed potato & asparagus. Steaks were awesome, sides were meh, we didn't finish the potatoes.-for my bday they brought out a sampler with writing (see pics) it was delish. The chocolate cake was very rich so it would be good to share and cheesecake was perfect.All in all, service was great! Also for u "winos" we noticed that if u asked for the wine list they have an expert wine guy come to your table and explain everything u need to know (maybe too much lol). I'd say fairly priced for the quality of food and service you're gonna get.
5	Went here last night for dinner. Everything was perfect! With no reservations,  I was super excited that they were able to accommodate a window table at 8:30 on a Saturday night!  We had Jeff as our server, we usually have Frankie,  so it was nice to have different recommendations and try new things.  As a pre dinner cocktail,  I tried the signature pineapple martini. .. always beautiful. We had shrimp & oysters as an appetizer. ..perfectionA bottle of a 2010 French Bordeaux  recommended by another server. For dinner the signature steak (will be my new go to dinner here)  and a peppery steak (not my fav)Sides : asparagus and truffle fries... again flawless. We were not offered desert,  but I was too full anyway. When I  asked for a bailies coffee, it came out fresh and hot. Overall,  an amazing date night. Thank you!
5	Took my boyfriend here for dinner this past weekend for his birthday. They had decorated the table and had a hand written card on the table. We had reservations and were seated immediately. We had a table by the window as requested with a nice view. Server was very helpful & knowledgeable of the menu. Hands down the best filet mignon I've ever had. Mashed potatoes and the cheesecake were great as well. Will definitely be coming here again.
3	I ended up here because the lunch options in Fashion Mall are sparse and because I need a break from Nordstrom Cafe.Walking in my friend said it felt like Red Lobster. We both did not understand the extremely large awkward menus. The bread was uninteresting. I ordered the Seared Salmon with avocado, mango and tomato salad. The salmon was cooked well while the seasoning was too simple. I wasn't expecting the dish too be a piece of salmon with a side salad. The mango was pale and not even close to ripe. My friend had the same issue, she was expecting an entree size salad not a side salad with meat in the corner. The only reason to eat here is because out of all the restaurants in the mall they have the nicest view.
5	We decided to leave The Encore and try a new restaurant and are we glad we did! How is it after all our trips to Vegas we have never eaten at this restaurant? The entire evening was perfect. We had an amazing view and the best waiter we have ever had. We had Frankie for our server. He was engaging but not intrusive. He made great recommendations which we went with. Most of the table had the Delmonico rib eye. We had calamari, asparagus, potatoes. We split three deserts. Everything was great. The steaks were so good we are still talking about it. Thanks for a wonderful experience. We were told they have a location in Beverly Hills which we will try.
5	The Capital Grill is one of my favorite steak houses here in Las Vegas. I always get the poached lobster and fillet combo. The sauce they cook the lobster in is to die for. Last time our server even gave us a desert on the house. Great place for a dinner date.
5	Jim was our server. Ask for him when you come. He made the night great. Excellent wine list and the coconut cream pie is the best dessert you will ever have. Worthy every yummy calorie. We went for dinner, but have also been for lunch. Lobster bisque is great and enjoyed the spinach salad (has a warm bacon dressing) traditional yummy steak house fare served here. But seriously, try the coconut cream pie.
4	Everything a great steakhouse should be.  Excellent food, prepared exactly as requested ad/or described.  Among the best steaks in North America.  Extensive  wine list.  Cannot say enough good things about the place.My only caveat is that the wines are priced a bit higher than other, nearby restaurants.  The same bottle of Catena Malbec at the Capital Grille was $15 more than at the Yard House; still a great bottle for the money, and one is paying for the experience, but. . . . Would eat here again and again.  Blows Morton's away.
5	I always come here for my steak craving! The restaurant is in a beautiful location and they always sit us somewhere with a nice view when we make reservations. The servers and staff are really friendly and welcoming. The food is amazing as well as their drinks! The last time I was there a server named Dominic brought us samples of their most popular pineapple cocktail which was really nice of him and it was delicious so we had to order the real deal. Can't wait to plan my next trip to Las Vegas and visit The Capital Grille again!
4	Good atmosphere close to everything good food too!
4	Pretty Restaurant with a great night view of Las Vegas. Waiters provided very professional service and attention throughout the dinner. Their filet mignon was phenomenal served with a special white creamy sauce.
5	I made a last minute reservation at the Capital Grille in Las Vegas for my then-girlfriend's birthday. During the reservation process, they asked if it was for a special occasion and I let them know it was.We were not readily greeted upon arrival, but once we were, the service from then on out was amazing. The table was prepared with confetti and a handwritten birthday greeting from the staff. Very nice touch. The view was quite nice as well.They also had a small wine tasting prepared for the two of us, and at the end of our meal, they also brought her a special desert tray. The food was wonderful, I ordered the filet mignon which was cooked to perfection. The sides and salad were also very good.It was on the pricey side, but it's a high class restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip, so... to be expected.I really have nothing to complain about. It was a stellar experience and I will return if the urge strikes again, and I am sure that it will.
5	I made a reservation here as part of the magical dining month and it was one of the best decisions I have made.I made the reservation for 6:45 however I forgot the time and turned it at 7:00 and they happily seated us which was a nice bonus. Parking was bit of a hassle but after that everything worked out.I had the salad for starter and it was perfectly dressed and seasoned and my partner ordered the soup which was really good too. They provide a great selection of breads too that went down a treat.They have a huge winelist which made it somewhat difficult to decide on what wine to get. There is a strong focus on american wines.For entree I ordered the dry aged porterhouse steak - 24 oz and my partner got the seared sirloin & butter poached lobster., both were cooked perfectly and surprisingly tasty for the price, combine with the lobster mac and cheese and creamed spinach were a great addition to the steak.We got the desserts which were chef's seasonal fruit sorbet a nice, light ending to any meal..They bill came to about 200 including two glasses of wine and tip.Overall this a great restaurant and I would certainly recommend it to people whatever the occasion, be it a birthday party to a business dinner.
5	I visit this place every time I come down to Vegas.  Great food, staff, and atmosphere.  I prefer to request seating by the windows facing the strip.  They always take care of me and when I have visited in a special occasion they have always gone the extra mile in having a note on the table and also comping the dessert of choice.  I will definitely continue to make this a stop each time I return!!!! I am dessert person and my favorite here is the Creme Brulee... Yums!!!
4	My wife, of 3 days at the time, and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon. We decided to have a romantic dinner at Capital Grille since we were already familiar with this chain restaurant. After telling them that we were in town for our honeymoon, they asked us why we were in town, we were seated right next to the window overlooking the Strip. I have a feeling that those tables are left open for honeymooning couples. The food of course is great although some of the entrees may seem a bit small portion wise. But the portion of the side dishes make up for it. Arrive at this place good and hungry if you do not want to waste any food.
5	First of all, service is five stars. Excellent.  Second, the food was fantastic. To top it all off, the view of the gorgeous wynn and encore was breathtaking. We went here last night and ordered the Calamari for an appetizer. It was good (not the best i've ever had, but it was good). My boyfriend ordered the Delmonico steak (~$50) which was incredible and I ordered the 2 lb lobster (~$50). One of the best dinners we have had in a while. Will be back again soon! Thank you so much for the great service and experience.
4	Awesome location with incredible strip views! We've been here many times & always order the same thing because it's our little tradition and bottom line absolutely delicious! The porcini rubbed delmonico  steak is phenomenal, the lobster mac & cheese is creamy goodness & we love this place for these two things on the menu. I also enjoy the little special touches for our special occasions like complimentary champagne for V Day or dessert for any special occasions. They decorate your table & hand write you a card, it's always appreciated. Everything on the menu is great & the ambiance is perfect for a classy steak house.
5	i ate here on 10-29-14 around 6:00 pm.  i made reservations but decided to eat in the bar.  the bar server was helpful and did a great job meeting my dining needs.for dinner i ordered the demonico steak served au jus and enjoyed it thoroughly!  once the kitchen staff brought the steak out folks commented on how good the steak smelled!  not only did it smell good but also tasted great!  my side of parmesan truffle fries were good.  a little different but enjoyable.  for dessert i ordered a chocolate hazelnut cake.  i guess the bar server failed to mention this cake can serve about 4 people.  it was good and i tried to get my monies worth and kill the cake myself.  i failed but it tasted great!i had a great experience at this las vegas location.  not my first rodeo at TCG.  my bill before tip was $80.  i would definitely go back again!
5	Although I did not sit in the dining area, I had a wonderful experience here! I sat in the full service bar and Mark, the bartender, took great care of me. The rest of their staff is very friendly too!I ordered the Grapefruit Buck cocktail. For all you ginger beer lovers (like myself) think drink is refreshing with a good kick :) For dinner I ordered the Butternut Squash Bisque. I LOVE BUTTERNUT SQUASH. The soup was very yummy! The Spinach Salad was next. Kind of a typical spinach salad, but it was still good. THEN... I had the Lobster Mac n Cheese. I'm not sure what kind of noodle was used, but it was so delicious! Everything was worth it, trust me. I hold customer service to a very high standard and The Capital Grille did it for me. I hope to visit again!
4	I came to the bar with a friend.  We had the crab cakes which were absolutely phenomenal.  2 heavily packed Crab and Lobster chunk patties, with a nice Aioli.
3	Maybe a steak restaurant wasn't the best choice for Turkey Day - pretty dry bird. Service was great though. BUT when I make a reservation a month in advance and request a window table, don't try to seat the 3 of us at a 2 top in a windowless private room that's otherwise occupied by a (loud) party of about 20. Nobody puts baby in the corner.
5	My first time here.  The signature cheeseburger and Parmesan truffle fries are to die for.  I love the decor and atmosphere.  Would definitely come back.
5	Fantastic, had a change of plans and ended up coming here. Wasn't wanting to but so glad we did. Good was absolutely delicious. They accommodated 30 of us and there was no lack in service at all. Nothing that was ordered was bad, everyone very impressed and happy,
5	Let me start by saying that I couldn't have made a better choice of picking the perfect restaurant to celebrate my significant others birthday! After endless time searching on opentable I stumbled across the capital grille! I've eaten at plenty of their other locations in other cities and I must say that the consistency in excellent food and service has never failed! Upon arriving we were kindly greeted by a gentleman and a young lady who checked us in! I requested a table near the window so we could take in the fantastic views of the strip! We were briefed on our table being ready in a few moments and invited to have a few drinks at the bar! I asked the bartender what was a popular drink and he suggested the "Stolli Dolli" YUCK! I don't know how that drink could even be on the menu as a favorite but then again to each is own right? Anyways I went with my regular Hennessy & Sprite and we also ordered a mojito.. Both drinks were just "OK" and for $29 I wouldn't expected a lot more needless to say that bar experience was not as good as the dining experience! Once we were seated we were now greeted by our fabulous waiter JEFF! This guy is beyond an amazing and provides some of the upmost world class customer service! He truly made our dining experience a memorable one! The food was delicious! For starters the calamari was out of this world good!! Entrees we went with the Surf & Turf which consisted of I believe a 9oz Lobster Tail and 10oz Filet Mignon, Delmonico Steak and the Lobster Mac N Cheese! Put it this way we had no left overs and even had room for dessert! Above all this experience will definitely have us returning for more!
4	Before a show at Wynn, I came here for dinner.  I was early but it was OK and I was seated at a window table with the marvelous third floor view of the boulevard and the Wynn/Encore towers.I was brought bread, ice water, and iced tea quickly.  My server, Eric, was top notch!  He explained various things on the menu since it was my first visit to the restaurant.  He then left me to mull the choices before coming back to see if I had any questions or was ready to order.I ordered a cup of potato leek soup, the bone in Kona crusted sirloin and the parmesan truffle fries for a side.  Everything was very, very good.  The potato leek soup was creamy and served with a few very thin, slightly deep fried fingerling potato slices.  The soup was rich and very enjoyable.I ordered the steak blue and that's just the way it came.  It was very good and I almost picked up the bone to gnaw before I let them take the plate.  The parmesan truffle fries were addictive.  If anyone from the FDA comes to this restaurant, the fries will be listed as a Class xx addictive drug.  I hated to finish only a small amount but I didn't want to overdo it.For dessert, I got the flourless chocolate espresso cake.  It was very rich and had a good dark chocolate/coffee flavor--strong but not overpowering.  I gave my compliments to Eric for the staff on such a good meal.  It was a great start to the evening.  The view through those windows along with the excellent food and service make the Capital Grille a real winner.
4	Definitely a "Yay! I'm a fan" kind of restaurant.The ambiance was classy and romantic plus you get some great views of the strip. Came here on a late Sunday night and my boyfriend and I were completely satisfied with the food and service.Decided to get some soup and salad before our entrees.My boyfriend got the Wedge with Bleu Cheese and Applewood Smoked Bacon.I got their special of the day...month? Creamy Potato Leek Soup. My waitress described it as an Au Gratin Potatoes in soup form. Anything potatoes I love so this was freakin fantastic!!!! I can't believe I chose that over Lobster Bisque. I've heard so much about that infamous Lobster Mac n Cheese so I decided to get that as my entree. And yum....it's as good as everyone raved it to be!!!!!! They didn't skim you on the lobster either...4-5 big chunks that just melts in your mouth. My boyfriend decided to try something different than what he normally goes for. He got the Gorgonzola and Truffle Crusted Filet Mignon with Cabernet Reduction and he really enjoyed it. He even said he would definitely do a repeat of this.Valet service for Capital Grille is right around the corner from Top Shop and Forever 21. You just take the elevators up and it takes you right there to the restaurant. Very convenient. It's no surprise that we are going to add this to our many of the regular restaurants we will frequent often. Can't wait to be back!!!
5	Great service, amazing food. Made a reservation and asked for a table by the window for our wedding anniversary. We were brought to a decorated table with a great view of the strip & a cute little card wishing us a happy anniversary, then given a complimentary champagne toast! Ordered some apps and wedge salad, and the filet mignon and lobster tail. All were amazing. Then they brought out a complimentary dessert to end the delicious meal! This place has class.
4	Came here for thanksgiving dinner. Location and ambiance is nice and food is always great!
5	My favorite in the world love the chicken.
5	Excellent food and excellent service.  The manager Kristen was awesome and so was our server Jeff. I highly recommend this restaurant for dinner.
5	We were so fortune to celebrate here with friends for a birthday...we received stellar service and fantastic food. Our server was very attentive and she made certain we were satisfied without interrupting our flow of conversation... in fact, everyone we encountered made our dinner special. The ambiance, the side-dishes (all were excellent), the main course and dessert/presentation made for a perfect evening.  Highly recommended.
