5	This used to be the highly rated Dragon Island but, I'm told by Jolene, our server/cashier  that the owner moved to Tempe or Mesa and sold the business to Big Heng.  According to the staff,  Big Heng kept all the cooks and staff so the food is the same as Dragon Island.  I went on their second day of opening.  I was treated to a egg drop soup which was very good.  I had also Mongolian Beef which was very good.  Service, provided by Jolene, was excellent.  I'll go back this weekend and try something else to see if it's routinely good.  Will bring my wife.  At this point, I'd highly rate Big Heng on Glendale.Ave.
4	I've gotta say that I'm going to be tough on this place, because I loved and miss Dragon Island, and consider the owner a friend.  However, I'm happy to say that the food is, as previously mentioned, more or less the same (the barbecue pork with snow peas was good, though the sauce was thicker; the egg-drop soup was good, but also had more egg in it than before, and both of these things are fine).  I'll be back for more!
4	Just as delicious as Dragon Island was. Very good service, yummy food.
5	Better than Dragon Island! You will not find better crab puffs. This IS the best place you can find for inexpensive Chinese food. Great on price, even better on flavor. Will be back time and time again. WILL NOT FIND A BETTER LUNCH SPECIAL!! My favorites include chicken chow mein, Kung pow chicken, Mongolian beef, beef with broccoli, the BEST teriyaki chicken, sesame chicken and their sweet and sour dishes. We first discovered them years ago at their Peoria location. Couldn't review a better place!
5	The new owners were very friendly and accommodating.  My favorite waitress Winnie is still there! Yeah!  The food was fast, fresh and quite yummy!  I ordered the lunch special - Szechwan  Chicken. Perfectly spicy!
4	Very generous portions - they really pack the fried rice into the paper box tightly.  Went looking for fresh made eggrolls and found them here.  They are extra large, not greasy, and they're crispy.  They gave me 1-1/2 cups of sweet 'n sour dipping sauce for the eggrolls (I ordered 4 of them).  All the things I ordered had a deep spice flavorings, as opposed to bland flavor.  The fried rice was nice and dark and toasty too.  I ordered sweet 'n sour chicken, but it tasted like sweet 'n spicy chicken.  Perhaps they didn't hear me well, or perhaps their sweet 'n sour sauce is spicy.  Then again, the sweet 'n sour sauce they gave me on the side for dipping the eggrolls in tasted like regular sweet 'n sour sauce, so they probably just mis-heard me.  SUPER CLEAN, somewhat spartan restaurant, very neatly decorated.  If they pay attention to the dining room details, they also pay attention to the food details, which is a good thing.  Next door to Filiberto's, easy to find just west of 15th Ave on Glendale Road.Very fast service and the order desk is very friendly.I would definitely go there again.
5	First time here. Good solid choice for Chinese take-out or dine in. Lunch specials are insanely cheap ($4.75 - $5.50) and come with choice of soups, egg roll and fried rice!
4	Big Heng for the Big Win!I had the BBQ pork Low mein and fried rice. Delicious.Great foodGreat serviceGreat priceGo!
4	Was a little apprehensive when there were very few people there on a saturday night, but was impressed. Food was fresh and had good flavor. Whole restaurant was very clean. I have tried a lot of chinese in the valley trying to recreate the chinese i could get back east. I will definitely be back again.
2	I ordered egg rolls, sweet and sour soup, and the main course of sweet & sour chicken with white rice.  All was good but i thought the chicken felt more like eating beef jerky.
4	Great food, its actually called "Silver Dragon" and they do not deliver....I had the Chicken fried rice, and my daughter had the Sweet & Sour Chicken. My 5yr old was impressed by how quickly the food came out lol very authentic dining!
