5	Great place!  Location location location!  Close to almost everything you could need!  Groceries within 1.5 miles, restaurants around the corner, etc....
3	This review is based on the swimming/gym area & NOT the housing itself.The parking in the area is very sparse. I had to wander around a few times to find an open uncovered parking. Star removed. The hot tub is usually lit at night and for some reason it wasn't when I visited one time. Star removed. Okay, the nice part :]The pool is pretty big. In fact, there are two pool areas. I visited the "main gate" pool, & it's pretty spacious for big groups. Star 1.I always look to see if there are enough chairs/seats to accomodate for the groups that I'm with. & the chairs were plentiful. Star 2.The gym isn't an LVAC, but it didn't expect it to be. It serves its purpose. Star 3.Can someone turn on the lights please? I can't see a thing.. since I don't swim with my glasses on..
1	I moved in and was told my place was all good and to my surprise when I got in, there was a GIANT hole in my bedroom door that they took over 2 weeks to fix despite being reported right away.  I wasn't aware you need to give a 60 day notice to move out until i signed my lease - something that would of been nice to know when I made a deposit after touring the place.  My mailbox is on the complete other side of the community even though there are mail boxes near my building - poor planning.  No rent drop box - I work night shift and sleep during the day, inconveniently when their office hours are.  I was told this was a quiet community - I am constantly woken up by screaming children during the day when I am trying to sleep.  Some genius in their corporate office scheduled a tree trimming at 730AM - so i was woken up by the sound of chain saws outside my window. Found out a day later when they closed the pool that it was all for a photo shoot of the property - so i guess they only tidy up the place when they need it to look nice. WHAT A JOKE!  I just got home from work and all i want to do is shower and use the bathroom but the water is shut off and their only explanation is there was a situation and it may be off for another 2 hours. I asked how am I supposed to use the bathroom and their answer was "I don't know what to tell you."  I can't wait to move out.  BEWARE!!!!!!!!!
5	Just went to look at these love love love em and the location the staff are wonderful.....yey its everything a home should be. Did I say location location wooo its gonna be fun to live here :) Talk about spoiling yaself :)
1	Poor security. Burglary happens often. Very crappy kitchen and appliances. Unhelpful staff. I made an appt with maint, but they didn't show. I called 30 mins past appt time. They said everyone went home. No apology, only excuses. Never heard them say "sorry". I can't wait to move out of here!
1	Be careful. The so-called security deposits are listed as "fees" in the rental contract. When I signed the contract, they told me they were refundable and non-refundable deposits. When I'm moved out, they sent me a cleaning bill and stated none of it was being covered by my deposit, because according to the contract, there is no deposit. My $100 refundable deposit and $350 non-refundable deposit were all up-front fees.
1	What I really don't like about living in this place is that whenever I go to office and ask maintenance to do some work into my apartment the front office have always said that they will put in a work order and that they will be coming by tomorrow or the next day... But guess what?? That work order I put in was about 7 months ago when we moved in here and yet the only thing maintenance have done was take out my screens n checked out my dryer and that was it and they said that they will come back tomorrow because they didn't have any screens on them.. So that was 7 months ago and yet none of the work orders I've put in still haven't gotten done whatsoever and this was the first day I moved in which was in July... Now it's February and yet still nothing... I actually just gave up on maintenance around here so I basically started doing every maintenance my damn self and said screw the staff here... But what pissed me off most about was.. When my neighbor moved in they automatically have maintenance fixing everything in their place and yet I was just like "wtf dude what happened to them coming here??" But oh well we're moving out anyway once the contract ends so I don't have to deal with the constant empty promises given by the front office staff...
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!! I lived there for a year and could not wait from day one to get the hell out!  The staff is extremely rude, liars, and do not help you with anything.  I was told if I didn't clean my apt. when I left, I just wouldn't receive my $100 security deposit back.  WRONG!  They charged me an $85 cleaning fee as well as an $80 damage fee when there was no damage caused by us!!  The buildings are old and I could hear every single word from my next-door screaming neighbors and the neighbors who lived above me stomping around all day and night.  The apartments are also very small, poorly set-up, with extremely old appliances that will continuously break down on you or not work at all.  Our apartment had many damages when we first moved in that were impossible to get fixed by the horrific staff and now they want to charge us.  Oh, did I mention that this place is a roach motel?  Ants too.  Do not move here!
1	Got burglarized 3 times within a year.  Do you know what the feeling is that every time you go on vacation,  you know most likely you will go back home where it has been trashed and broken in? End of the story.  Something is really wrong with this place.
