5	This Gamestop location is the best I've been to in terms of staff friendliness and helpfulness. I've been to other stores staffed by arrogant and rude people that would argue with me about my trade-ins not working even though they worked fine on my game systems and then flat out reject my games. So its refreshing to actually have nice staff that inform me of trade-in deals and make a good impression on me every time I enter their store! Now I don't go anywhere else for my video game needs!
5	The only rating I can give, really, is the awesome and friendly service.  The employees are very knowledgeable on all the games that come out, even RPG games.  I love RPG games.  My boyfriend brought out the geek in me and since then I've just been a big fan.Anyway, they have the best service overall compared to all the other Gamestop stores.  My boyfriend isn't normally a fan of this establishment because most stores have gotten to the point of hiring employees who are less informative than others.  Plus, the "trying" to even cater to the customers needs have simmered to nil in most.So, I give lots of props to this store for going above and beyond when we came here to pick up a game.
4	Very conveniently located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center and the staff is always very helpful.
5	My favorite GameStop is at this location.  Very friendly, approachable & informative service here. If you come to GameStop often, I encourage you to get a GameStop power up card. It will help you save money in the long run. You can trade in your used games, iPhones, iPads &  game consoles here. There are lots of cool games in this store & if they don't have it here, you can order it online & pick it up here. This is one of mine & my 2 kid's favorite places. GameStop is the best.
2	The guy behind the counter was a dick. Maybe its the fact im a cute female, so theres no way I could be a actual gamer in his eyes. I bought 2 Call of Duty Black Ops 2 games for PS3 yesterday, he was not nice & he didnt even offer the map pack package like he did everyone else before me. I just appreciate a friendly attitude especially since Ive spent a large amount of $ in that store on Triton Headsets, Bat Man Arkham City, Halo 4 etc etc...
5	Oh GameStop, when will you stop abusing my bank account. Great store, friendly service, stocked up every time I go in. F*** Yeah.
5	Great customer service and the management is at it's best here I travel cross town to come here and deal with them because they know how to help a customer. They can't do everything for you but they will so the best to help you out
4	This is my faouorite gamestop location. they always help me find what i need! its sometimes packed but customer service is key over there
1	Service here blows.  Waited twenty minutes in line. Only one cashier.  Second employee didn't even bother to assist.  Go somewhere else.
2	Average famestop, nothing spectactular.  Coming from someone who games on all mediums, done sales, frequents online steam purchases as well as gamestop transactions, as well as a former employee.  Overall my thoughts of this spot is, it's not too bad to get it games from here
