5	Superstar really has the WOW FACTOR!Today was the first time I have used Superstar Car Wash and I was very, very pleased, so I'm giving them 5 stars... My car looked great once they were finish.   With a friendly & highly motivated staff I drove off feeling like a Rock Star, I mean a "Superstar!""I'll be back!"
4	I usually go to Clean Freak Car Wash at 7th Av. & Grand for an excellent exterior wash for $5 including spraying the wheels, & using the free vacuums, but a visit about once a month to a full-service place like this gets more attention paid to the interior, including cleaning of the inside glass, the back shelf & so on.  SO, I stopped in here today for a first visit, armed with one of the coupons regularly posted on their Website.There were a couple of negatives:*  At the first station, they changed the settings on both front seats for the 10-second drive to the tunnel for vacuum guy (& ghost passenger?)!*  Then after the tunnel, detail guy took almost 15 minutes to do the inside glass & so on, as he was jumping back & forth between my car & other duties.  They need more help at this station!  MINUS TWO STARS!Ah, but there were positives too:*  No big hyper-upsell pitch like you get at some Valley car washes!*  The car came out nice & clean inside & out.  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)*  $6.95 with coupon is a great price for a full service wash!  PLUS ONE STAR!  (Regular price here is $11.95, about average for the Valley.)Yay!  Found my new once-a-month full service car wash to replace Capin (which sadly, has closed).     :-))PS:  Superstar here also offers a $5 exterior only (including wheels) wash plus do-it-yourself vacuuming.  That's the same price as Clean Freak & these guys even give the exterior a bit of hand touchup after the tunnel.  Another excellent value & no coupon required for this option!
1	I would give negative stars if I could.  RUDE employees and my car was damaged from the wash.  I am speaking of the Northern location.  I will NEVER go here again, and will make sure everyone I know, does not use this terrible "car wash"!!
4	Great customer service, I was greeted instantly. I got a reasonable price on my car and was given coupons. I will surely come back if needed to wash my car again.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. I saw my watch under my seat and needed to grab it. I was occupied with something else. I ended up forgetting to grab it. At the end of  my car wash I then went to look for it. Management showed me the sign that said they were not responsible and told me to file a report (send to corporate who were not even at the scene). The manager (Jose) said he "asked" everyone about it when I physically saw him only ask two people. This is a terrible establishment and they have now lost a customer for life for their lack of honesty. DO NOT TRUST THIS PLACE WITH YOUR BELONGINGS!!
