2	I've definitely experienced better service from other optometrists.  Dr. Mar and her assistants are friendly and I don't doubt her abilities (she graduated from Cal) but my issue was the customer service.I went in the morning when they were already supposed to be open to pick up my glasses.  They were late.  After 15 minutes, I had to leave otherwise I would be late to work.  I tried the next day and ended up waiting 30 minutes until Dr. Mar finally showed up.  She said, "Oh, I guess my employees are late".  Yeah, well so are you.  I even called the day before to confirm what time they opened.  I wouldn't doubt that they are late 2 or more times a week.Also, their selection of frames was a bit disappointing.  I basically just forced myself to pick a decent pair since my insurance was paying.
5	I couldn't be more pleased with my experience with Dr. Mar and her staff.  Honestly, I'm blind as a bat.  The most memorable part of my testing is that I didn't have to have my eyes dilated.  Why?  Because this place has every piece of modern technology known to man.My examination was like an assembly line, moving from one machine to the next.  Quick and efficient, which is really important to me.Eric, Dr. Mar's assistant, was terrific.  Personable, warm and friendly (which is hard for some to do at 9:15am) and informative (not just someone operating a machine.)Dr. Mar herself?  She's wonderful.  Soft spoken, obviously well-educated and she gave me some great options regarding my lens choices (which I didn't realize I had.)My wife is bugging me to get a pair of glasses to wear instead of my lenses.  Because of my bad eyesight, the strength of my lenses make my eyes so small I look like a rat.  After telling this to Dr. Mar, she completely agreed and said any glasses I got couldn't take that effect away.In my opinion, most doctors wouldn't even comment and if they did, they'd be trying to sell me a pair of glasses and downplay my concerns.  Dr. Mar gets extra points for honesty and putting the patient's needs first.The fact that the store is in my neighborhood gets the fifth star.  I'm all about convenience.  When I do business with someone, I want to be treated like a person, not a number.  That's exactly my experience with Dr. Mar and her staff.  Great job!
4	Great people and great service! The receptionists are also very attentive, friendly, and welcoming. When inquiring about anything, they always say they'll call back as soon as they get the answer, and they call you back with answers! I think that's great, and a very important trait in their service.Dr. Mar is awesome, and very friendly. She was careful when examining me, and she explains everything she does and what is going on. She also suggests solutions and alternatives. She's a very caring doctor. They also offer really nice trendy frames as well and brand names if you are interested in that. They have Juicy Couture, Dolce and Gabanna, Raybans, etc. They also have other fashionable and trendy frames that are affordable as well! I also loved that when they tallied up my total cost, they also did a comparison chart of how much I saved with my insurance, and what it would've been like if I had paid everything out of pocket.Great place! Highly reccommended!
3	I find it weird to see my eye doctor in a strip mall next to a Vons, but I realize this is just something common in Vegas.The staff here is very friendly and Dr. Mar was able to get my prescription adjusted properly.  I received several follow-up calls when my contacts were available.It wasn't a dynamic experience, but they get the job done and I'm happy to report no horror stories.  I trust my eyes to Dr. Mar no doubt.
4	I've been a patient of Dr. Mar for over 2 years and have always found the staff friendly and helpful. My yearly appointments are always smooth as silk and there is never much of a wait for your appointment.  They have a wide selection of frames and a clean, modern office.  I highly recommend them if you're looking for a great eye care experience.
5	I have been with them since 2006. I have moved 3x but I don't mind driving to their location at all. Dr Mar is awesome and so professional and the office staff Jordan and Vincent are awesome!When I booked my appointment they knew that I have another appointment to go to and they gave me a courtesy call that they are running a little behind. They took me in as soon as I got to the door and was done in 30 mins.
5	My husband goes to a different eye doc and he thought he had something in his eye on Saturday.  It was swollen, red, and really painful.  He called his eye doc and they told him to just go to quick care.  I had him call mine (Dr. Mar) an they told him to come right in.  After looking at his eye, there was actually something wrong.  The guy at the front desk helped us call several pharmacies to make sure we could get the prescription eye drops he needed and then Dr Mar actually came in on her day off just to make sure the eye was responding to the drops.  They went above and beyond - highly recommend this office.
5	This is my favorite Optometrist by far. Dr.Mar and her staff have truly exceptional customer service. Everytime I walk in everyone smiles and acknowledges you. I came in real quick to fix my glasses and the glass guy (forgot his name) fixed it real quick and free of charge. Also needed quick contacts since I ran out and they took care of me quickly. Staff is friendly and sweet. Already recommended 2 of my friends here and they love it too.
5	Everyone is super friendly and helpful. They knew me by name after just a couple of visits.  They always explain everything to me very well, recommended for anyone.
5	Located in the Vons shopping center just a minute away from my home, this will likely become my new optometrist. I recently had my glasses done at another optometrist which I picked up today. I had them adjusted there, but needed them adjusted more. Because my primary optometrist is a bit further away, I dropped into Eye Care @ RR to see if they could adjust my glasses for me. The gentleman happily measured how much more he had to take in, and went into the back to fix them, even though I am not a paying customer.Eye Care @ RR recently renovated their entire office and is now incredibly chic and clean with a beautiful display of optical and sun glasses. The friendly gentleman who helped me adjust my glasses came back with the perfect fit and I got a quote from him for lenses, just for future reference. They came in cheaper than where I had them done at, and offers digital engraving and plenty of other fancy add-ons to your lenses. My only gripe with this office is that I tried to get my lenses done here, but when I had called on a Monday, they were closed and have some pretty obscure hours varying several days a week. However, because it is the closest location to my home with incredible prices, a clean and beautiful office environment, and very very friendly customer service for non-paying customers, I will return soon as a paying customer!
5	Outstanding service! I've been a patient there for ten years, and Dr. Mar has been nothing short of outstanding.  Her billing workers, while they have changed over the years,  have also provided excellent personal service. Shout out to both Vince and Jordan! Thanks for ten great years!
5	Love the customer service and professionalism! I would recommend them to everyone I know. They have great selections.
1	Staff was friendly but when I found out my eye exam and contact exam was going to cost $110 with insurance I was surprised, I have never paid that much! I advised them at my old dr I never paid that much with the same insurance, I asked for aDiscount because I would be ordering 2 pairs of Glasses and my contacts through them which means they were going to be making Probably over $500 with my orders, they would not discount at all even knowing I was going to purchase Frames and contacts!! I called my old place which is a further drive but a lot cheaper and they got me in and I'm paying much less for exam...Seems as though they are money hungry but in reality they lost money and a lifetime patient, not good business sense if you ask me......
