2	Let's put it straight: my male friends, when coming to Montreal, usually ask, in order:- Where they can find the ladies?- Where they can party (which is essentially the same question)?- Where to sleep (again. same subject)?Then, I get something about, "you know, that we also heard that there are a lot of stripclubs in Montreal, and that you can touch for 10$???????". Yep. That's right. Anyway.But my ladyfriends would not ask me where are the best spots for some eye candy. Well, here it is: Le 281. EVERYBODY knows Le 281 in Montreal. My mom knows Le 281 (that's where the party is gonna be for her 65th birthday), my little 20 year-old knows Le 281, my Dutch neighbor knows Le 281. It is on every single Bachelorette's list. If you are turned on by firemen playing with their hoses, CEO in a shower or cowboys loading their riffle, you'll love Le 281. I can't guarantee that you'll be aroused, but I can promise that you'll have a blast. Oh, I almost forgot: if you are able to pay for 2 expensive drinks an hour, which is the requirement to enjoy the show.
5	AMAZING!!! Absolutely amazing time if you decide to go out with your girlfriends on a saturday night. The men are HOT HOT HOT!! Beautiful works of art.Keep in mind this is no PG-13 club. They get full, bare ass naked!The lap dances are cheap ($9), the drinks are cheap, it's the best nightlife montreal has to offer!!Definitely recommended for ladies who are looking for a night of fun
4	The guys are hot, and the dances are fun. There is full nudity, so be warned/ get excited. Private dances are $10 -- drinks are reasonably priced for a strip club, but they're pretty weak on the alcohol content.
5	Went to Montreal with a few girlfriends and this was on our to-do list.We came here on a Saturday night. Neither one of us have ever been to a male strip club and we joked about how the pictures on the website of the men were probably phony... well let me tell you they are not and this place did not disappoint!We waited outside in line for about 15 minutes before finally getting in. The place was packed and they don't pressure you for drinks which was good. We kind of just took the whole scene in. Didn't get a table dance but the table we were seated at was right at the stage so we had a perfect view all night. Next time I am in Montreal this will definitely be on my list again.The guys are hot!
5	I was so against going to a male strip club for my friends bachelorette party but she insisted, and we ended up at Club 281.  I am so glad we did, it was a hoot!!! We were shocked at all the bare penis swinging around during the lap dances. ($10 each) The dancers get very close but there is no touching allowed. (on your part, not theirs)  The guys are 99% all SUPER HOT!  Bodies of greek gods on 100% of them.  You can also spend $50 and send someone up on stage for a "performance" with one of the guys.  Their performances were mostly entertaining. Andrew's was HOTTT!!!!  Some were cornier than others.  From what I've heard the drinks were a lot cheaper than other strip clubs.  It was a nice place... not dirty, not scary... we had a blast.
5	Best. Time. Of. My. Life. Male strip club in Montreal. There's the typical strip club stage for the dancers to come out. Then dancers walk around carrying a platform thing that, for $10, they'll use to give one helluva lap dance. You're not allowed to touch but it all looks oh-so-good. All the guys in this place are seriously 9s or 10s, amazingly hot. There was a line to get in, we had to wait around 15 min but it was definitely worth it. We didn't tip the bouncer so we didn't get a very good view of the stage but I didn't care because I quickly realized the lap dances were the best part. And yes, they took off *everything* so you see *everything* ;)I will make the 8 hour drive from New York again to go back to this place.
4	I wish it was a little more Magic Mike and a little less "no touchey", but life rarely imitates how it is in the movies. This is how it all goes down:1. The lap dances are either $15 or $20 and they don't really take place on your lap. The guys kneel in front of you on stools and do a little exotic dance, sometimes showing you the goods and sometimes not. However, they do not touch you and you do not touch them. It's all very PG.2. Most of the guys are pretty hot, but some are not. Make sure to look closely before signalling them over.3. Don't expect a big song and dance show a la Magic Mike. You're lucky if you see any choreography between the individual lap dances. 4. Definitely go VIP and get a booth for $60. It's worth it to have the better view and privacy for the lap dances, if you and your girlfriends are out celebrating. Otherwise, why are you here, creepo?
4	I mean...it was JUST LIKE Magic Mike. Such a perfect spot for a Bachelorette Party, but as is the case with male strip clubs in general, it's certainly more silly than sexy. There's cover at the door and then a drink minimum, which was easily covered by getting one bottle of absolute and chases for the table. Lap Dances were $10 and while the full nudity was at first shocking by the time we saw the second or third one, it was just par for the course! The choreographed dances on stage were themed and really kinda cute (no nudity in those) and the performances on stage that you could pay to be a part of were intense but also hilarious (you pay about $60-$70 to send your girl on stage and they will put her in any scenario and make it a graphic and dirty performance). I was really shocked that the guys were actually fairly attractive too, good bodies and cute faces. Also, VERY shocked that there were so many non-Bachelorette parties there, just women of all ages looking for some naked and dancing dudes I guess. Really fun time overall!
1	Place was alright. Naked guys, yeah ok... Seen that before and We can all see that somewhere else. the service was terrible! Really stuck up, they kicked my friend out because she asked for the same dancer, then accused me of taking pictures (when I hadn't) and checked my phone - PS violation of privacy. Ridiculous. Also racist! Super racist club. Worst dancers were Jason  (got my friend kicked out) and Jimmy (stuck up and useless). Managers kept picking on the non-white girls.
3	After a 10 year hiatus, we returned to 281. Steel was sexy but had an issue with a coke nose and an eye for another man. He was super sexy through. Matthew sucked, however. He was not into the lap dance and seemed to only want to please himself. Not worth it. They had amazing bodies but Monet faces. Bartenders: good- Jonathan. Bad- Gavin rossdsle wanabe. You suck. No hard penises which was a disappointment. Not as good as we remember.The place next door had amazing late night munchies. We recommend the pogo and poutine. Pizza was yummy too.
