5	The Doctors here are wonderful.  They actually LISTEN to you and will do their best to help you.  I have a been diagnosed with a nasty form of arthritis and Dr. Darrell is keeping me mobile.  I highly recommend these doctors.  They will keep you going!!
5	This office is located inside of a gym called Fitness Works, so you cannot see the office or any indication of its existence unless you walk into the gym. You do NOT need a gym membership. Just enter the gym and let them know at the front desk you are there to see the chiropractor. Reservations are recommended, but not required. Walk-ins are welcome, but pay close attention the days and hours of operation, as they are a little funky.I was exercising at the gym when my back unexpectedly went out on me. I couldn't move and actually went into shock. They grabbed the doctor (I'd say Dr. Haggard, but there are many Dr. Haggards. There are several generations of chiropractors in the Haggard family, though only one Dr. Haggard works at this location. To avoid confusion of the other Dr. Haggards, I'll just call him Dr. Justin.)He started asking me some questions and eventually I was able to walk with his assistance into his office and he took some X-rays to determine the severity of my injury and whether not an ambulance was needed.He has a state of the art X-ray machine that sends the images digitally to a computer hooked up to 40"-class big screen TV so you can see what he is seeing and he can interpret the X-rays to you.I've never had an issue with my back before, so at 45 years old, all of this was a new experience for me. I could barely walk and felt like I aged 20 years in a split second.Luckily for me, the X-rays didn't show anything that required a hospital visit and Dr. Justin recommended I see him for adjustments to speed my recovery. We did that for a while and things got better, but my back was still sore. For at least two weeks I was not able to tie my own shoes without exceptional pain. Finding a comfortable position to sleep was also painful and frustrating.Dr. Justin recommended something called a K-Laser combined with traction. He has all this new technology I've never seen before and didn't really appreciate what it did until I agreed to follow his suggestions for these treatments (even though I didn't fully understand what these treatments were.)The traction tables are very cool. You lay flat on your back on a comfortable and modern-looking massage table. There are large velcro straps that he tightens around you and then he pushes some buttons and the table starts to vibrate and slowly make itself longer. The amount of pull is set by the doctor based on your size and weight, etc... The table also inclines, so the doctor will ask you if you are feeling any discomfort, and if you are, he adjusts the incline of the table and the discomfort magically goes away.After the table, he used the K-laser on me. Not sure what this does or how. It's in a separate room and it gets very hot against your back and he moves it, pauses, moves it, pauses, etc... around the affected area. This is supposed to speed up the healing of the cells in the back (as I understand it).He also had me using a stretching machine, which is a modern looking piece of exercise equipment that has you bending forward and back on a chair that rocks back and forth as you place your hands and feet in different positions for each type of stretch (which is detailed on the machine so you don't have to ask how to do the exercises - you can ask if you want to, but its all explained with diagrams on the machine itself.)He also has several automated massage tables which were pure heaven when my back pain was severe. These tables are just amazing. You lay on one and you're going to want one for your house (until you find out how much they cost!)He also has other traction equipment, not sure what its specifically called, but there are small weights attached to a rigging that go through a pulley system and  you place a strap behind your neck.There is also a modern chiropractic table, where sections of the table drop from under you, usually unexpectedly, as he is 'cracking' your back.The place can get pretty busy at times, but he or one of the employee's can assist you with an exercise or the massage table or whatever, while he tends to someone else. You do get one-on-one time with the doctor when necessary but, for the most part, he is constantly moving from one patient to the next, helping several people simultaneously.Somehow, he seems to remember everyone's name and their ailment. He is also very friendly and has a lot of empathy. He also, as it turns out, is a very good chiropractor! I have waited until now to write this review so I can say with certainty if what he did helped or not. My injury occurred on 2-24-14 and today is 6-18-14. My back feels much better now, though I can (and will) benefit from future adjustments. But at least I can get back to work and have my life return mostly to normal. He showed me 'before and after' x-rays of my spine so I could see with my own eyes the effectiveness of the chiropractic care he was prescribing me and extinguish any skepticism I originally had. Highly recommended!!!
5	Yes, for Harggard Chiropractic it is AS GOOD AS IT GETS, I have gone to several Chrioprators all over the Country, and Dr. Haggard off of Camelback it the best one.Dr. Haggard gives not only adjustments but there are stretch machines, posture neck exercises, and the good ole back roller massage machine.  Then by the time one gets their adjustment you are relaxed.  Also, Dr. Haggard has many special machines for injuries.  Most important is the Positive and Helpful attitude of Dr. Haggard and his staff.  Also, Dr. Haggard LISTENS to you and takes action on your needs.  Thanks to you all, Carolyn Prescott  Plus the Office is inside Fitness Works so one can work out and see Dr. Haggard!
5	Dr haggard is great and listens to your concerns I was having very bad back problems about a year ago and did all his tractions and home tractions at home and working out at the gym I can say haven't had a problem with my back since and has straightened my back out from where it was a year ago thank you dr haggard
5	Dr. Haggard is the best. Not only has he helped my children get over their food allergies, he has really helped me with my neck pain. Every time I walk out of his office, I feel much better. Dr. Haggard is a very energetic and positive chiropractor who is just fun to be around. The girls who work in the office are very sweet and helpful. They also speak Spanish! I drive a long way just to be adjusted by Dr. Haggard because he is worth it!
5	I have been a member at the gym in which this office is located. I came to Dr. Haggard to see what he had to offer. After touring his office I soon realized that he was well equipped for a multitude of ailments. I went through a formal assessment and Dr. Haggard was very thorough in his process. It was very informative and also very personable. I felt like the Dr. Had a genuine care for my wellness. During the adjustment process, Dr. Haggard was very precise with his technique. I come from a fitness background and was very impressed with his methodology.  I needed a very aggressive approach to adjustment and Dr. Haggard absolutely nailed my needs as a patient. My highest of recommendations will go to Dr. Haggard when it comes to patient care, expertise, and professionalism.
5	I contacted this office after not hearing back from a different chiropractic office that I had visited prior when I called to check on insurance. I was able to get everything verified within 15 minutes over the phone and scheduled for next day care. Upon arriving I met Dr. Haggard and was impressed with how personable he was. We talked for a bit, took x-rays, and then got right to work on treatment.I received a follow up call the next day asking how I was feeling by Dr. Haggard himself and followed up today for my next treatment. We reviewed the final x-rays and then came up with a plan for correction. All in all I've been more than pleased with the treatment, follow through, and personalities at Haggard Chiropractic. They've done an excellent job of making themselves stick out from their competition in the chiro industry.
