4	This is my local Safeway. About a year ago they remodeled the whole store, and it's pretty nice. We shop here weekly. The deals are good, the food is fresh, the employees are wonderful. The deli lady and men in the meat department always have cool deals for my family to buy.
3	They don't sale grilled chickens but fried for combo meals :-/
3	In the neighborhood, clean and decent prices. Guaranteed to see crazy lines during peak shopping times, and never enough cashiers to manage this . . . Yet plenty of employees in sight on the floor. When you have two cashiers to every 10-20 customers, you can do better. Come on, Safeway!
3	Good location. Clean, well kept, and good prices. But I almost never get in and out of here quickly because of the registers. Even during busy hours, there's always only one lane open until the line gets over 5 customers deep. Only then does someone open up another register.  There is no self check out so It's a major pain if you're only there for one or two items and have to wait ten to fifteen minutes at the checkout line unless you're lucky enough to be the only one in line, which rarely happens unless it's after 10pm. There's plenty of reps out on the floor so there's really no reason for the registers to be like this. And if there is a shortage in cashiers, hire/train some!The real reason this review is getting three stars instead of two is because of the meat department. Have gone to multiple fry's locations and if I ask one of the meat department employees for a custom cut there they are either annoyed, reluctant, or rude. I have NEVER had that experience here.The Meat department staff is always willing and happy to help and even tell me how long the cut can take so I can continue shopping and come back instead of hanging around.If I see improvement on the register side I will definitely update my review.
5	I had a great experience here buying flowers.  I had been driving around to different flower shops looking for the perfect bouquet.  Finally, after much disappointment I stepped into Safeway to see what they had, but they didn't have what I was looking for there either.  As I looked around the flower clerk offered to make me a bouquet with the flowers of my choice, she helped me choose the nicest combination and made me a bouquet that my wife loved.  This bouquet would of easily been triple the price at a flower shop.  Thank you!
4	Very nice and clean store that is convenient to many neighborhoods,  but this store is not the low cost leader.
1	Horrible Safeway! I would recommend that no one goes to this Safeway location unless you absolutely have to. Honestly I don't even know where to start with these people Lol. I have had horrible experience personally and people have told me of even worse things. I will start with my own experiences. In short I was followed around the entire store by the manager... I even asked her what she was doing and she would not reply. It was completely out of left filed because I'm a 25 year old good look sharp dressed dude just looking for grocerys and a manager of the store is literally following my every step. I thought I was being punked... But I clearly wasn't. Interesting enough, I later find out from a Safeway employee that this lady is indeed the store manager and has some crazy Nazi type obsession with monitoring any and all minorities that enter the store. This woman has also been said to say extremely prejudice things in front of other employees. This Safeway isn't worth your time or money! Trust me...
3	About a third of the time when we go here, I'm usually overcharged for things and it's usually not by a lot, but nonetheless, overcharged.  So I give them a 1 star for this.The store itself is nice, but prices are high.  I always go for the sales and the personalized deals I get, which that part I totally love.  The people at this store are not exceptionally friendly, but they must be doing something right because they do not have a high turnover, as I have seen some of the same people again and again.  So, I also give this a 2 star.However, at the deli counter, they always have exceptional service and no matter whomever is there, they are always cheerful and pleasant consistently.  So, I would rather pay here, but usually I don't have deli items or buy from the deli.  This gets a 5 star.The customer service counter I also give this a 3 star.  Neither friendly nor rude.Also, of the Safeways that I go to (Chandler, Gilbert, Tempe), this is the only one I know of that does not open additional registers with a line of people waiting.  The one that is the best at doing this is the Ray & McQueen one, which is my favorite.
3	It's been a while since my last regular stop in here because I typically send my son to pick things up that are needed.  I feel disoriented in this store even though I have shopped here since the last remodel.  Staff is nice and helpful ftmp.  I don't like that the meat department can't get in certain things I like to order for my dogs, but I will take advantage of that option at other stores.  I wish they had self checkout option.   If price isn't a concern this company is fine.   For us, shopping here is more of a convenience.
