5	Tina does the best nails, weather its mani or pedi, gel or polish, and great designs too.
1	Had a manicure and pedicure here - one of the worst I've ever had.  Literally, by the time I drove home my nails were already chipping.  Short on time and getting ready to leave on business, I had to touch my nails up at home even after paying for the service.
5	Tina is awesome! Great designs, and she's soooo nice.
1	Went here yesterday for a manicure. The guy doing my nails did not seem happy to be working, was very rough with the cuticle clipper and would not scrape under my nails after I requested that he do so. His response was "it will come off when you wash your hands".   I currently have 3 chipped nails already, just 24 hrs after my manicure.  The salon was filthy. All the tools on the table were dirty. I noticed that after he used a brush to clean polish from around my nails that he simply put the brush back into the cup where it came from.  Who knows how many people's nails he has used the brush on without cleaning it. I was also appalled that they were doing waxing right behind the manicure tables for everyone to see. I will never return to this salon and I highly encourage others to find somewhere else as well!
5	Love tina!
1	First, this place is filthy dirty, I shouldn't have let them touch my nails based on that alone. From there it gets worse. I went in for a gel manicure. The guy doing my nails made me bleed pretty badly while cutting my cuticle and then proceeded to paint the gel right into the blood. So my manicure didn't look very nice to say the least and that also is very unsanitary! Then he overcharged me. A regular manicure is $12, they charged me $35 for a gel manicure, completely ridiculous price. I definitely won't ever go back and I suggest you avoid this place as well.
5	Love this place!!  Has been my 'home' for nails and hair for 5 years.  Staff is super friendly and treats me like family. I always get compliments on the nails that Charlie and Ryan do for me and Sherri keeps me neat and trim.  Very relaxed and laid back and not over priced.
1	I had a tried this place. When I first walked in for a pedicure I was placed in a chair and sat there for at least 2 hour waiting for service. Then looked at the dirty floor and felt. I should run out of this place. The only person that seemed kind at all was the girl sitting next to me.  Seems they felt they were doing me a favor instead of acting loyal and respectful or hospitable for your business. I felt the man that did my pedcurei was rude and couldn't hold a conversation other then you should get this or that. More Money! And when he was done. He never thanked me for my business or politely removed himself. It was a none caring attitude and on to the next and didn't even excuse himself. I found this first impression. RUDE, Unprofessional and dirty.....
5	I've been coming here for about 6 years and they have been nothing but the nicest and best people for nails. I go and usually end up with Tina to do my eyebrows and my gel manicure and pedicure. No matter how far I move I don't trust anyone with my eyebrows so I don't mind the trip.
