4	I have always found that good DIY stores, outside of the major chains, are hard to find in Edinburgh.  Houseproud of Morningside are the exception to this rule.  Situated on Morningside Road in a visible on-road location, they stand head and shoulders above all others I have tried in the city.As DIY shops go, they stock pretty much everything you would expect to find.  From paints to Polyfilla, screwdrivers to sandpaper, they cover all the bases.I've visited this store on two occasions.  Firstly, I went to pick up some expanding foam to fill in mouse holes in the flat.  Not knowing exactly what I was looking for, I asked the assistance of a member of staff.  He helpfully pointed out to me all of the different things they offered, showing a range of prices and uses.  He helped me to find the product that was ideal for what I needed it for, and didn't automatically go for the hard sell on the most expensive.The second occasion was to buy a bradawl - something that is like a screwdriver, but has a point on the end rather than a screw head.  Whilst this time I didn't need help finding it, the shop assistant at the counter still engaged me in some light-hearted chat whilst I was paying.It's these sort of things that I really appreciate in a small shop like this.  They don't view customers as more money for the tills, but engage with you as a person.  I will definitely be using this place again, as it saves a trip out of town to one of the larger chain stores.  This shop is a must for all your Morningside DIY needs!
4	This shop is pretty well split into two sections: you have your gardening and DIY section and you have the cooking section.  The cooking section is the most impressive section I've seen in Edinburgh and the value of the items is very good.  You have a large variety of high quality pans and you only have to pick them up and take a good look at them to see the quality.  They are also all reasonably priced, which is a rare find.  There may be a few items which you might be able to pick up slightly cheaper at a Sainsburys or Tescos, but generally the prices are competitive.The DIY section is where this shop really stands out.  You simply do not get many good value DIY tools and parts any more other than in this shop.  I've been round everywhere trying to find something that will not cost me an arm and a leg and till I found this shop I always gave in and bought it online.  Buying it from here, however, is even cheaper as you do not pay all the postage and packaging.  A great DIY shop that does what it says on the tin.
