4	I'm sorry, am I in Portland, OR? Nope, still in Phoenix -- but this outside-the-box house-turned-shop is very Portlandia, and oh-so-fun! I visited this establishment on a Thursday night to attend a slam poetry reading, held outside, and was instantly enthralled. The street that the shop is on is lined with similar homes that double as businesses, and you can hear music, laughter, and general fun being had by all as you stroll from place to place. The bookstore itself has all the requirements of a great secondhand bookstore -- places outside to sit, old, creaky wood floors, rooms and rooms of floor-to-ceiling-books, and great low prices. I didn't get to peruse the books for too long because I was drawn outside to hear some poetry being slammed -- but I'd definitely return for the books.
5	I can't get enough of this place! Aaron, the owner, is the nicest guy. He is really helpful and funny. And My favorite part about this place is their events. Love the open mic nights, love the poetry slams, love the storytelling nights... Love this place!
5	This is the kind of bookstore you picture stumbling upon when you're on vacation in one of those little artsy places like Bisbee or the Haight. It's the kind of bookstore that you imagine finding an out-of-print book that's been waiting for you for your whole life.And they have gifts! I went into Lawn Gnome to drop off some yoga flyers, lingered for the old book smell and walked out 8 dollars lighter with a Spiderman backpack for my nephew and a handmade bow for my niece.
5	A truly amazing group of people.  You *hope* to find a bookstore like this, but rarely do in reality.  Friendly folks, that assist when you want--- but leave you free to wander and explore when that is what you wish...Huge selection of kids books, (a bunch of them came from my moms bookshelves... she was a teacher for 26 years), and a selection of hand made items, kids backpacks, and other stuff to support education.  I cannot say enough about how much I love this place.  How much?  I drive from Los Angeles to shop here...
5	If you know me, you know I love Fifth Street and all of the businesses there.Lawn Gnome is no exception.Downtown Phoenix is somewhat of a bookstore desert (the ASU downtown campus bookstore doesn't count), and when you're hungry for a piece of literature, you have to look no farther than Lawn Gnome books. Walls on walls of books and books make this the best place to escape when you want something to read. It's even walking distance (five blocks east) from the light rail!There are also weekly events at Lawn Gnome, including a poetry slam on Thursday nights at eight.
5	I like this place a lot. They sell lots of books, poetry, fiction, and other stuff. Hey host a poetry slam on Thursday evenings, and there are storytelling events too. It almost makes me wish I lived in or around Phoenix.
4	This is a used bookstore run out of the first floor of a house. The books are organized by category but the selection is odd in the way of most shops selling used books - at some point the balance between having good stock and having copious stock tilted a bit.  There may be treasure buried in the books, but I would not say the books are the reason to come here.  The reason to come here is the community events. Poetry slams, storytelling, art events... this is a community center that happens to have books.
3	This store is in a fun neighborhood. The idea is great, but the execution isnt. I don't like how they have their older books organized. they had them sorted by year when I was there instead of subject or author, which made them a pain to look through.
