4	While I haven't been in the rec center, I have really enjoyed the outdoor space.They have big expansion plans for the space...tennis courts. While that is still in the works, you can still enjoy a well kept track. It reminded me of my 8th grade year of running track, if only they had hurdles and a place to do shot-put. In the middle of the track, there is a nice and plush grass field for soccer. You must get a permit to use the field.The landscape is gorgeous and so private! I'm debating on whether to hit the "Post" button in fear of enticing you all and then I no longer have the place to myself. There are trees lining the outdoor space as if you're in a little valley.On the other side of the center, there is a ramada for you to rent and have a large gathering with lots of picnic tables and benches. There is a play area for the little ones too. No worries with parking, there is plenty of it. The rec center is next door to the Queens athletic fields (lacrosse and soccer). They keep the grounds looking sharp and healthy!Looking up the info about the center, they offer a variety of classes and also have a pool. While they don't have a fitness center with workout equipment, you can still be active on their indoor basketball court, outdoor horseshoe pit or bocce ball.
3	We got a chance to go here to swim because the Charlotte Aquatic Center was closed for a swim meet and we had our hearts set on swimming in a heated pool. I must say, this place was kind of depressing.First off, the lockers are extremely narrow. I had trouble putting my bag in there. The shower area wasn't very well lit and all three curtained shower stalls were dark, had some funky smell and didn't quite feel clean. Also, no hair dryers, which was kind of a bummer.The pool is quite small, they have 4 or so swim lanes and the rest is just a pool to wade or swim about. There was something about this pool that reminded me of the underground levels in Super Mario. I can't quite put my finger on it, but maybe it was the high walls with high windows and a comparatively small pool. Also, I don't know what's up with the clocks. Almost all of Charmeck's indoor pools have at least one clock that doesn't work, and in this pool it was the only one.Still not too shabby for a nice heated pool if you don't care about the showers.
2	Nice staff, clean facility, but the chlorine in the pool is absolutely overpowering.
4	We love the swim teachers we have had over the years! They also just redid the pool area and looks great.
