3	Ok, so I typically never go the corporate restaurant route and here in Sunnyslope we have a couple of really awesome pizza places......so why did I eat here?Well, my grandmother (who lives in VA) is practically obsessed with Dominos Pizza.  She raves about it constantly and so I went here to get her a gift card for Christmas.When I was a kid, I hated Dominos, I thought it was awful.  I had heard they improved and I was already there so I figured why not.  I got a pepperoni pizza, thin crust.It was decent.  Nothing to write home about, but it was decent.The customer service here is great btw, so I definitely endorse it, if you're looking for corporate.
1	Horrible.  $24 for two burnt, but delivered pizzas.  Kinda like getting screwed in the drive-thru.
4	i'm a fan of dominos, they're fast, u can order online, and the food i have gotten has always been great. i got the pan pizza, 14 plain wings, and cinnastix. satisfied all around :)
4	We ordered this online at work today for lunch, a large 3-topping (pepperoni, sausage, and ham).  The estimated time was within 40 minutes and we had it in about 25-30.  The pizza was hot and fresh with a nice crisp crust.  The delivery driver was friendly as well.  Overall, had a great experience and would order from here again.
1	I've ordered from this place both online and in person, carry out and delivery. Now there are times when they got my order right, but the times that they got my order wrong was more then enough for me to just pay a little more for delivery from papa john's.Multiple times they got my order for a pasta bread bowl wrong. I order chicken Alfredo bread bowls from them a lot because when I was enlisted they always made that just as I had asked. But for some reason this dominos doesn't seem to know how to make them. Multiple times they undercooked it, I sometimes got a big bread bowl and other times I got a bread bowl that was tiny. Just recently I ordered a bread bowl with extra chicken, what I got was a 1 chicken, and a lot of alfredo. I am by no means a vegan, so why do I get 1 piece of chicken when I ordered extra chicken?Their pizza is also greasy like a mofo. When you order wings that are not spicy, you get mild wings ( for some, people don't care but you ordered it a specific way).Overall, if you want pizza, order elsewhere. They give you what they want to give you, not what you ordered.
