4	As I walk down University Avenue along the ASU campus I see the usual suspects; coffee houses, bookstores, and oodles of fast food joints.  Today there is a new kid in town.  Smashburger.A fresh take on the classic fast food burger joint, Smashburger offers made-to-order burgers; Rosemary, olive oil, garlic fries (Smashfries); and Haagen-Dazs shakes.  Every Smashburger is made when it's ordered, so don't come here if you are late to class; the wait from order to delivery is about five to seven minutes, and you'll want to take your time enjoying these burgers.  Smashburger takes a different approach to burger preparation - they start with a one-third or half pound ball of 100% fresh Angus beef; smash, sear, and season it on a flat grill, then serve it on a buttered-toasted artisan bun and top it with cheese, fresh produce and condiments. The result is an irregularly shaped, juicy, delicious burger.I stopped down there today for the grand opening and tried the BBQ, Bacon, &amp; Cheese Smashburger ($5.99) with Smashfries ($1.79), and Veggie Frites ($2.99).  Right away I noticed that the Smashburger differentiates itself from other burgers with ambrosial seasonings and juiciness.  Yes, this burger was juicier than Perez Hilton gossip at a Hollywood red carpet event.  These guys really have the searing down to a science.  A few other points of interest - the Smashfries are delicious; the whole rosemary, garlic, oil coating really works well.  Points for the Veggie Frites, too.  You get a nice blend of asparagus, carrots, and green beans, which are flash fried and seasoned, then served hot to your table. They offer a few other menu items including a Smashchicken sandwiches, Smashdogs, and Smashsalads (if you're into that healthy stuff).If Smashburger has a weakness, it's the hours of operation.  I mean, come on.. you are operating on a college campus and closing at 10 PM every night?  Seriously?  One thing ASU needs are more places to soak up all that alcohol after a long night on the sauce.  I'll give Smashburger a half point back for opening at 10 AM to help cure the hangover the next day.  I have a feeling that a smashed, seared burger and greasy coated fries may remedy the brown bottle flu.Overall, Smashburger is a hit and is sure to win the hearts and minds of hungry college students roaming the streets of Tempe, Arizona.
4	Well I just had to make a special trip out to the Valley's first Smashburger.  I love a good burger and while nothing really competes with the Fez Burger, this place will be making a run for the top spot.Walking in, this place is pretty nice.  The color scheme is a bit of a nod to the traditional diner but without all of the red leather bar stools and diamondplate.  That's a good thing.  The people are very friendly and helpful (plus there were plenty on staff).  The menu is available outside (which I like because it helps make the line go a bit quicker) and they have a build-your-own card for your personalized burger creations.  In other words, they do everything that the Two Hippes Breakfast Joint doesn't.  Pretty sweet.The food took 3-5minutes or so to come out.  We ordered ours To-Go but ended up eating outside.  It comes in a nicely packaged, especially if you were going to a picnic or something like that.  Nice presentation for to-go.I ordered the Arizona Smashburger which was pretty much what you would expect it to be (no, not dusty).  Semi-ironically, this burger is called the Baja Burger elsewhere but the premise is the same - guacamole, peperjack, chipotle mayo, jalapenos on a chipotle bun.  Gotta say, this was actually on the slightly spicy side.  A nice change of pace from places that claim to have spicy food but never do.  The burger part of this meal was the best part.  Not only was it cooked to a perfect medium (you might want to specify if you like it more done) but it was a big juicy patty.  You could tell it had been a ball of meat that had literally been smashed into its current form.  Just like I make at home.  The burger was a bit on the salty side around the edges.  Not sure what that was about but I LIKED IT!  Really it was a damn tasty burger.Finally, we also ordered some "veggie fries" which I sort of expected to be like veggie crisps.  They were just fried veggies.  Carrots and asparagus cut into little sticks with some salt.  It was good & came with some ranch dressing.  Simply not what I expected.The final big plus about this place is its location.  Very happy to see a new place by a LRT stop.  You can never have too many restaurants by the LRT and having this one so close to the Vet/College stop will be great for football lovers, ASU students, and LRT riders like myself.  Well done Smashburger.  Bring on the chains.
4	Damn, I feel like a fat pig. That might be the only meal I need today! Being a nice weather, Friday kind of day I headed to the ASU campus to give the newly opened Smashburger a try. I have no prior Smashburger experience, but it was a new place to Yelp and I love me a burger.I drove, and parking is a bit tricky if you do not want to pay for the parking garage. Fortunately I found a spot down the street in the 25 cents per 10 minute parking meters. The restaurant is in a good location -  plenty of traffic from foot, car and bus. Being right off campus I am sure it will be a big hit with students. Once inside, I found the restaurant small and cramped. The line was to the door (probably being new, being Friday and being noon didn't help). I placed an eat-in order and waited by a large table with several people gathered around. Looking around, all tables were full. Counting the large table, there were only 11 tables inside and a bar that seated 3 in the back. Glancing outside, the patio seating was full as well. I ordered the Arizona smashburger - which comes in 1/3 lb or  1/2 pound sizes. The 1/3 pound is $5.99 while the larger size is just a dollar more, so I went large. The burger comes with habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo, jalapenos and a chipotle bun. I could taste the guacamole, but the most noticable taste for me was the strong onions. The jalapenos were not noticeable.  I also ordered the smashfries which as small, thin fries seasoned with rosemary, olive oil, garlic and "other herbs"...Safe to say no one is kissing me immediately after eating this meal.After placing my order and waiting at the table for it to arrive, I then had to wait for a table to open up. It might take a bit of waiting to get seated, so be prepared. If you go with more than one person, it would be best to collect the orders and have one person scout for a table. You definitely need two hands and a stack of napkins for this monster! Honestly it was difficult to wrangle - meat sticking out of the bun in all directions, guacamole sliding out, slippery tomatos and the mayo made for one messy sandwich - but I pushed through and eventually got a good grasp on the beast. I think it may be the best burger I have ever purchased. I would put it up against any backyard burger I have had in my day. The fries were simply amazing! I love rosemary and the combination of ingredients was unique and flavorful. Another aspect of the restaurant was that it was a little loud. Most likely not a good spot to go if you want to meet and get to know someone through introductory conversation...then again the oozing of quacamole down the face probably wouldn't make a good first impression either...All totalled, with burger  ($6.99), fries ($1.79 with sandwich purchase) and drink ($1.69) came in with tax at $11.39. A little higher than a standard fast food burger, but 10 times the taste! If you are not into burgers, they have chicken, salads and hot dogs to choose from. If you don't want one of the standard 5 burgers, you can create your own. Definitely a good option...If you want a good burger experience, give a Smashburger (and Smashfries!) a try!!
4	I hate to be such a follower, but this place is 4 star worthy for sure.Smashburger opened recently by my house and being such an in-n-out addict (see in-n-out review) I thought I might as well start reviewing other burger joints. This particular joint is located in a uber modern strip mally thing  on College and University I had never seen. I had to park across the street, down a side street, but its all good, it's so nice out. The joint is a minimalistic, classic burger joint style with modern flair. The menu is done up with many yummy, suped up fast food items like smashfries, which are gourmet-ish with rosemary, olive oil, and garlic. They have haystack onions and veggie frites for you health conscious fatties out there. They also have dogs and salads(?). Of course the real star is the plethora of burgers and toppings. They have a 1/3, 1/2 and chicken option for each burger and basic cheese and bacon and mushroom types. they also have a make your own with some good toppings, sauces, and buns. What's real fun is the menu for each state its in. I suppose they each have their own "special" burger. We, obviously, have an Arizona burger, which I *obviously* got, to go. (The Iowa burger on the website looks damn good too) The to-go box is so flippin cute! It's a lil chinese lookin take out box, specially made to fit my lil burger in. When I got home, I opened the lil package and saw a cute lil package of yumminess inside. The burger looked beautiful. the lettuce was springy, tomatoes were passable, jalapenos very fresh and spicy. red onions were my only complaint. There were a few all stacked up in the corner a'la how Mcd's does their pickles. The burger itself was very tasty, they must put special seasons in their meat, very nice. The bun was chipotle, pretty good. Overall, a very good, spicy burger that fits the Arizona name well. I will be back, those Haagen-Dazs shakes have my name all over em! (In n Out is still better tho, sry)
2	Bleh. I've tried this place twice now, once for a burger and once for the chicken. I'm not going to say that this place is outright terrible, because it's an edible burger, but aside from being new and still spotless, this place is inferior to it's nearest competitor (the Chuckbox) in almost every way: it costs quite a bit more, the burgers are good but nothing great, the chicken tasted quite good (but a tiny piece of meat on the bun for a $6 sandwich), the fries were garbage, there's no free parking, and it just has nothing special going for it.
2	This is not a burger for the faint of heart.  Or those with heartburn.  Especially not the Arizona Smashburger.I don't quite recall where I heard about Smashburger, but I recall it sounded quite exciting at the time.  Sadly, I'm not going to be able to be nearly as enthusiastic about it.  See, while the burger is good (much better than any of your standard fast food fare), there's not much to say beyond that.  The toppings were fine, fresh and crispy, which was quite nice.  The burger was very well cooked, so I know that the staff are capable of making decent food.  They do some fun things with having different types of buns for the different burgers, but when it comes down to it, there just isn't enough to make it memorable or worth recommending.The side dishes, on the other hand, are memorable.  Just in a bad way.  Their fries were overly rosemary-ed and too oily.  They were almost slimy somehow and I couldn't eat more than one or two.  The onion sticks were better suited as a burger topping rather than anything that should have been served next to a burger.  Don't think they're onion rings in any way.  They are most certainly not.If you're in Tempe and looking for a burger, check out one of the other places in the area that serve burgers.  This shouldn't be the first choice for burgers in the Tempe region.
3	It was a huge burger. Definitely yummy, but dripping with oil and heavily seasoned. But you cant help but feel like your arteries are clogging up as you keep eating. The place was incredibly busy. It was too expensive for what it was offering. There was no seating, so we ended up taking our food to go and eating outside on a bench. and parking sucks.
3	Last night I was invited to Smashburger as a VIP (YAY) and was able to partake in some of their menu items for free. Now me pass up a free meal, hmm NEVER! So I mosey on to Tempe after sitting in traffic for about an hour (boooo) but was able to snag a great parking space and made my way into Smashburger. My first impression was that it was cute little place and yes it is a bit small but cute for a burger place. I met up with Christina, who by the way was fabulous. (Thank you Christina for inviting me) and she gave me a menu, told me about the place and let me know that anything I wanted was on the house. Gotta love that right? The first thing I asked her was " where is the ladies room?'" In which she informed me that it was actually outside, around the corner as that is how the restaurants are set up on College Ave. If you could have seen the look on my face. WOW! So after getting what has to be the biggest bathroom key ring I have EVER seen, I made my way around the corner to the ladies room. Although it was well lit, it still creeped me out that I had to go around the corner and kinda towards the back. Although it was very clean, still not really comfortable with that but again I guess that is how it is on College Ave. 1 star Any-who, I proceeded to order the following food to try out and here they are: Chocolate Milkshake - OMG! I don't even like Haagen -Daz ice cream (that is what the shakes are made with) and let me tell you that this was the BEST chocolate milkshake I have had in a very long time. Think, rich, and oh so good. 5 stars Smashfries- they are made with rosemary, olive oil, garlic and other herbs. I was a little bummed as depending on which fry I picked up it was either cold, warm, or hot. Not consistent! 1star Onion stack - Now I love me some onion rings but I didn't get to try them because when I got them guess what, they were COLD!!! I was so disappointed. How do you get cold onion rings? Double boo!! 0 stars Arizona Smashburger- I had the 1/2 lb one and it had habanero cheese, guacamole, onions, chipotle mayo and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun. (I did not have the lettuce and tomato but it comes with that too) OMG! That was one good burger. Nice and spicy, the bun was way to small for that burger but it was so good. A chipotle bun? Who knew! The seasonings that they put on this burger made it really pop. I was thoroughly happy with it. 5 stars! I did meet Greg and Kirk, (Regional Vice President and Franchise Owner in that order I believe) and I did express my thoughts on my meal, especially my fries and onion rings. They did offer to bring me out more and apologized profusely, but I declined as I did not want to waste any more food even if it was free as I there was no way I was going to be able to anything else after that burger and milkshake. 5 stars Oh and the best part of the night, I got to meet fellow yelper Alexander C. and his friend Erin and I was able to go in the back and smash my own burger! That was very cool! 5 stars So all in all, a few quirks regarding hot fries and onions rings, but the burgers were really good. Its a little pricey as well so be warned. They are opening up a couple more in the next few months. One on 99th Ave and McDowell, and one on 20th St and Camelback so be on the lookout. These locations will have wine and beer added as well.
5	Smashburger provides absolutely fantastic tasting burgers. There is a great deal of flavor in each burger and it's delicious. The bun is great, the cheese is great, the burger is great. The smash fries are really quite good as well, though they can get just a BIT oily.$10 buys you a burger, fries, and drink, with tax, which is firmly right near Five Guys and Chuckbox. I'm a MUCH bigger fan of Smashburger than Five Guys, and it's neck-and-neck, burger-quality with Chuckbox. (They're different flavors, and Chuckbox's mesquite-grilling goes a LONG way, but their fries are freezer fries and bleh.)The staff is very friendly, they typically hit their 5-7 minute statement, and it's one of my favorite burgers anywhere now. Definitely a good place.
3	I AM AN OFFICIAL YELPER!!!!!! whew, now that I got that out of my system I need to thank Gabi for inviting us cool hip yelpers to Smash Burger. This was my first yelp event. I went with Don S. for some good ol' father daughter yelping bonding. Between the great people, the wonderful conversation, and general excitement, I have to say this was a wonderful lunch out. Now for the niddy griddy. You might be asking yourself "Whassup? Why didn't they get 5 stars if it was a great lunch event?" or "whahappened?" as they say in my family. My main judging points with restaurants and bars is food and service. I've eaten in dumpy little hole in the walls but would give them 5 stars cause the food was great and so was the service. Here at Smashburger, the service was most certainly friendly. We were greeted with a smile and fairly quickly. Off to a great start. I started to look at the menu, and it was very interesting. They had fried veggies (which I really like and highly recommend). But here is where it totally lost me. there were no vegetarian options. For a college town, I found this to be weird. Where's the love guys? So I was forced to construct a burger without the meat. The lady at the front was as kind as she could be, but looked at me like I had lobsters crawling out from my ears. All in all the food was great, and my specialty meal was made very well. But show the vegetarians some love! I mean come on!
4	After seeing this place reviewed on Yelp, I felt it was time to stop by and check it out.  I'm a burger loving kind of gal, and am always on the hunt for a good peice of meat.  This place definately has it going on.After finding a place to park in the garage, I wandered into Smashburger and was happy to see that it was a clean new place. Ample menu of items to choose from, with a small variety of burgers, a hot dog or two and some chicken options as well.I was torn between the BBQ burger and the All American.  I went with the All American, and boy, was it good.  Good came out quick and service was great.  Ya know what else?  They had a bunch of Yelp pens here at the register!!  This brought a smile to my face! Yippie!What I really liked about this place is the burger is juicy, and not dry or "corporate" tasting.  I didn't feel like it was to greasy either.  I found it to actually have flavor on its own as well.  Worth a stop here.I should also mention that this is review #300 for me.  Ya wanna know what else?  I hit 3000 miles on my car yesterday.  Cool, huh?  Possibly a sign, but quite cool that I am doing review #300 and hit 3000 miles on my car in the same day.  Cool.
4	Went there for lunch with a coworker - only got fries but those fries were ADDICTING. I don't know what spice mix they put on there but they were amazing. After that I can't wait to try a whole burger.
5	This review is long overdue!  I actually first came here when they just opened, maybe even on the first day.  I absolutely loved it then, and I absolutely loved it again when we came for Office Hours!Both times I have been here I have ordered the BBQ Bacon Burger and the Veggie Frites.  So far, at least to me, this is the best burger in the Valley.  They season their burgers so much that it tiptoes along the lines of overkill, but I like it.  The burger is always juicy and fresh and the toppings are killer.  The BBQ sauce is thick and sweet and the perfect complement to the salty bacon and fried onion strings sitting atop the meat.  This is really a fantastic burger.  The Veggie Frites are yummy, especially the asparagus because the tops of them get all crispy.  They serve them with a generous side of ranch.  Yum!Obviously, I love this place.  I am soooo excited to get one of these so close to downtown, but that is going to be a very dangerous thing.
5	Smashburger being within walking distance from my work is pure temptation. Just this past week I met some friends here for a quick bite. I ended up ordering the 1/3 pound classic smashburger with haystack onions as an add-on. I had to go with the smash fries, and am really glad I did. The smashfries are tossed with olive oil, rosemary, garlic and "other herbs." Hmmm what are those other herbs? I would travel the world to find out what- that's how good they are. Almost as good as the fries at Fez :-)To top it off, the manager checked in on our table multiple times to bring us back any condiments, ask us what we thought about the burgers, and to see if we needed anything else. Loved  the service!Thanks for coming to the Valley Smashburger. We heart you!
3	Another new addition to Tempe and about a quarter mile or so from Mill ave and very close to ASU.  This is in the newer section of ASU on College and University and is very close to the dorms or a quick bite before a game.  The interior is a bit small and could easily crowd up fast and there is some seating outside.Food is pretty good and definitely stands out from the normal fast food fare.  My burger was crispy on the outside, but still juicy in the middle, which is part of the Smashburger namesake and style that they are known for.  There is a decent amount of variety between the types of burgers or chicken sandwiches that can be ordered.  Fries are a bit on the limp/soggy side and could use some improvement, but the option for garlic and rosemary was pretty cool (needs more garlic, though).  The shakes are amazing and almost too rich for a place of this caliber and really made Smashburger stand out as a restaurant/dining option.  Haagen-dasz ice cream shake in vanilla, chocolate, strawberry or mixed up creates a very tasty side or dessert.
2	This place is right down the street from my office, convenient right? Well maybe if there weren't other burger choices. Have tried the burgers and onion strings, both of which are overly salty, and the onions extremely soggy with grease. The layout of the place is also really awkward. You come in and order and them wait for your food....except the is no where to wait? You kind of stand between their expediter, others waiting and right next to diners. They need a much better system. Prices also seem a little high...$10+ for a burger, fries & drink.
4	Been here twice now and i have to say this i a pretty good burger but the smashfries are the true star. The first time I went i got a made to order burger adding lettuce, tomato, grilled onion, cheddar, smash sauce, pickle and bacon on a 1/3 pound burger and traditional bun. This was a good juicy burger with the bacon being pretty tasty. It was also pretty filling for it's size.The next time i got the arizona burger which is a 1/3 pound burger, peper jack cheese(?), chipotle mayo, guacamole, lettuce, onion, jalepeno, and some spicy bun the type escapes me. The flavors worked well together and i was impressed that while a spicy flavor came through so did each individual element. Even with the jalepenos there wasn't a really fire or burn to overpower the burger but a nice heat. It was a good specialty burger but i would prefer grilled onions on it.The thing that will keep me coming back however is that smashfries which are great and the rosemary and garlic taste is just a perfect balance. No ketchup needed here the flavors are enough themselves. I have had the fries at 5 Guys, Delux, Joe's farm grill and these may be my favorite.Also a nice touch with the close location to ASU is that they do except sun dollars. For a price that falls between McDonalds and more gourmet burger places this is a winner for flavor and value. With other choices like Chuckbox, 5 Guys, Whataburger, and 4 Peaks in the area this still is the best.
2	I was excited to try Smashburger today for the first time after a meeting, but I have to say...I've experienced better.  The menu is decent with enough variety to choose from to keep people coming back (you can choose to have a 1/3 lb, 1/2 lb, or chicken burger for a kind of 'burger'), but there are better burger places to make this place someplace I'd want to keep returning.First off, there are no combo meals.  You have to get everything a la carte, but if you buy a side with a burger, you get $1 off the side.  Still, I got a 1/3 lb mushroom burger with veggie frites, and I paid about $10.  No drink included.  At a place that is technically fast-food.  And THAT was supposed to be a deal.Second, the veggie frites were kind of soggy.  There was no crispity crunchy outing that I would have expected from fried veggies.  And they were a bit salty.  And Smashburger was kind of stingy about how much they gave me.  The dip they gave me for the frites were good, though.  I dipped the burger in it, too.I mean, the employees are friendly, the food is made to order so it's fresh, you have the freedom to basically make your own burger, and the egg bread that my burger came on was really good, which is all great, but for a college kid who's got to be financially responsible, better overall value can be found someplace else.
3	The burgers are pretty good. Definitely choose this to a square or round cut pie of meat! I had the original which was a plain good. Nothing fancy or anything. But I definitely liked the egg bun. Nice change of what most places have. The smash fries were pretty good...in comparison to burger king yes but nothing fantastic as far as specialty fries go. They weren't that hot. But at the same time it was nice because they weren't very greasy. I'm personally not a huge fan of thin cut fries. I like them thicker, I feel like I'm actually eating more potato than grease. Still searching for the perfect burger place...    :-(
4	It's no secret that I love me a good cheeseburger  so I was excited to try a new place. New to me anyway :)My first impression of the place is they could use a hand. It was kinda busy (Friday lunchtime) but there were only two people in front of me in line and it still took forever. Partly because when I finally got up to front the one guy taking orders had to stop to make shakes. Another guy finally came out after a few minutes and took my order. So they're not the fastest place in town.But, I was happy to see their menu featured a "build your own" option. I like my burger relatively plain so I ordered the regular bun, american cheese, tomato, lettuce and mayo. I also ordered a side of the smashfries. Who could turn down fries with olive oil and rosemary? Not this girl.The burger was juicy and tasted fresh but was a bit on the salty side. The boyfriend and friend both said theirs were not too salty so it was just mine I guess. It happens.  The fries were tasty, thin cut and came out nice and hot. Reminded me a little of McDonald's fries but with oil and rosemary. The boyfriend had the onion strings which were also a little on the salty side. Maybe the cook that day just really likes salt?If it weren't for the over-saltiness of my burger I would have thought it was quite tasty so I'm willing to try Smashburger again. And the manager walked by several times asking how our food was. I probably should have said something but it wasn't bad enough that I didn't eat it so I can't be too hard on them.
2	I tried Smashburger after hearing great things from a coworker.  The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the volume of ambient noise; It's very loud. The second was the prices on the menu.I had a 1/3lb Spicy Baja burger, Smashfries, and a drink, coming to about $11.  The burger was very tasty; Not the best burger I've ever eaten, but rather enjoyable.  The fries didn't reach my expectations; they were very oily, and I ended up leaving half of them on the plate.  While the food was decent, it wasn't worth $10 to me.  I'll probably eat there again, but not soon or often.
5	Wow!  Let me start by saying I love a good juicy burger, it ranks as one of my favorite foods.  As simple as it sounds it is hard to find a great one so I usually make my own if the mood strikes.  After a disappointing experience at the new 5 Guys, I was a little hesitant to try Smashburger.   No worries, this burger is near perfect.  Full of flavor, great bun, nice toppings and you could tell the cook did not commit the cardinal sin of leaning on the burger during cooking and losing all the wonderful juice.  Fries were also good, thin and crispy.  Price was maybe just a tad high but you get what you pay for and I'll pay an extra dollar or two for the quality.  Only small complaint was it was just a little salty so if you don't like salt tell them to skip it.  Overall one of the best ever.
3	I usually get the Arizona Smashchicken or the Arizona Cobb Salad.  Both are always delicious!  Sometimes they are really spicy and other times not so much.  I guess it depends on who is making it and how many jalapenos get in there.   The chicken is really flavorful, unlike a lot of other chicken sandwiches/salads where the chicken is bland and adds nothing to the meal.  I think I am the only person I know that isn't a fan of the Smashfries.  They are generally tasty, but I would far prefer regular fries.  I really like this place, but its a little pricey for what you get.  Lunch for two will probably set you back a least $20... its not too bad, but your $20 will go a lot further other places.
3	This is more of a quick post than a full review as I only spent a few minutes in this place. I was next door at port of subs and decided to try the smashfries that I had heard so much about. As I walked in I was greeted by a friendly college age employee who was more than happy to answer any questions I had. I placed my order and sat back in one of their booths near the door and waited for my fries to be ready. This location is really small and can get crowed fast as they are super close to ASU. I gave this place three stars because the cook staff took a really long time to make my order, and the fries were kind of oily. While a little pricey I have decided to give them another shot as I hear they make a great burger. The next time I think I will try their location in Phoenix where hopefully it will not be as crowed.
4	Burgers are Great.  Smashbuger is great.  I stopped in here last week for the first time thinking that I had already tried it.  Obviously I had not enjoyed this establishment because I would have remembered the amazing fries.  They turned the ordinary burger into something a bit more special with their egg buns and great types of burgers to choose from.  Yes chuck box is just over, but when you go into chuckbox after you leave you feel as though you need a shower. Here you can enjoy a burger and you can take it to go if you have somewhere to be.  They also have a special where you can get a burger fries and a drink for 7 bucks if your an ASU student. Recommendation: If you are in tempe or on ASU's campus in tempe, drop in during your break and get some good eats.
3	After hearing about this place from so many friends I decided to finally check this place out.  It's close to campus, well-lit, clean, and definetly within a college student's budget.  The portion sizes are good and I have to admit that I'm a little in love with the BBQ Bacon burger.  Bacon pretty much always makes everything better, but I really appreciated the shoestring onion rings in the burger.  They are perfectly cooked and I think they make the burger.  The only reason I'm not giving Smashburger 4 starts is because their "famous" fries are too intense.  They have garlic and rosemary, but both flavors are so strong that I feel it worked against the rest of the food.  Oh well.
4	Damn you cheeseburgers and how good you taste, I would be a healthier person if this deliciousness were never invented.  At least at Smashburger I have the option to negate the damage that I may be doing to my health when I eat their awesome, juicy, tasty cheeseburger by ordering their mixed-vegetable side instead of their fries.  Don't get me wrong, the fries are good.  I haven't tried the Smash Fries yet, but given the great flavor of everything else that I've eaten at Smashburger, I would imagine that those seasoned fries are damned good too.  Nevertheless, opting for the asparagus/ string beans/ carrots mixture is a good way to fool yourself into believing that you are eating a light and healthy lunch.I was also fooled when I saw my Smashburger.  Perhaps the tray that it came on was an optical illusion, but when my 1/3 lb. burger was brought to my table I thought that maybe I didn't order enough food for lunch.  Yet when I was half way through my meal I definitely realized that I had more than enough food to eat.  Just like many other new fast food restaurant concepts that are popping up all over the place, the food at Smashburger tastes as though it is fresh and of very high quality.  In the same vein, the food definitely tasted as though it was made explicitly for my order and had never seen a warming tray or a microwave.  I only wish that there were more Smashburgers in the Valley because when ASU goes back into session I would imagine that it will be very difficult to grab a quick lunch at this restaurant.
3	Why  not another star?....tooo much oil!. Fries come dripping oil! No objection to the fact they have herb Seasoning. The rest, it is just another burger served in a fancy way. All tastes good, but I certainly won't be a client. Service is really nice, and the place is clean and at least you can enjoy your meal, eating with no rush, like it usually happens in the red/orange/yellow colored places.
4	So I finally made the trip to Smashburger and WOW this place rocks.  I got a custom built burger with Chipotle bun, apple wood bacon, chipotle mayo, jalapenos, habenero cheese, and a 1/2 burger.  I also got the smash fries after reading all the reviews about how amazing they were.  Which yes they were.  : )  I was in heaven eating this burger it was dripping out everywhere just like a good burger should.  This is one of my new favorite burger shops in the valley so if you haven't been make the trip it's worth it.
3	So, how much do you like hamburgers?  Do you like them enough to pay $8 for one?  Do you like them enough to willingly go near ASU?  If you're still nodding your head, chances are good that you'll like Smashburger.  As burger joints go, it's one of the nicer ones--clean, stylish decor, and friendly employees are big pluses here.  You will pay for those pluses though, when you find yourself forking over more than $10 for the prototypical burger, fries, and high fructose corn syrup drink of your choice.  What you'll get for that ten-spot is somewhat distinctive though.  Smashburger's claim to fame, of course, is the way that they seer the burger patty, thus getting it piping hot in a hurry.  What this means for you is that you'll be the proud owner of one of the messier burgers in America.  Grab plenty of napkins and plan to wear a shirt you don't mind getting greasy.  I suppose the fries are a love em'/hate 'em affair.  If you're a traditionalist, prepare to be annoyed:  Smashfries are doused in oil and herbs.  They make a nice taste, but get old pretty quickly and I've never been able to finish an order.Though hardly cheap or perfect, I like Smashburger on occasion as it's a nice change from the usual fast food fare.
1	could have been a 2 star rating because of the cleanliness, but realized that another chain burger joint charging $10 for an average burger didn't deserve it, especially when the burger is served with a side of sarcasm. not to mention that they are not community friendly at all. I asked to drop some flyers for the Grand Avenue Festival and they said no, not that they needed to say yes, but when I asked the manager to talk with the franchise managers about being a little more community involved and supportive; the manager barked very rudely "none of the businesses around here do that"; which was a lie because just next door on college- Port Of Subs and the Cupz Coffee both allow people to leave flyers for their customers, so did the Hawaiian place and almost every other business around. I had to give this a 1 star because Arizona doesn't need another over priced, community sucker, who is not interested in creating a community, but just bleeding the money and running. he was so unfriendly and sarcastic that I didn't even want to place my order after that. i'll stick with Maizie's burgers anyday! I also heard the Grind on Camelback Rd  next to the Fenix eatery at about 40th street was the shiznitz! They said its hands down the best in town....on my way soon.
5	Yummy! I visited the Smashburger in Tempe for the first time last week, and it's delicious! Due to it's proximity to ASU, they offer a student discount which includes a classic smashburger, smashfries and a drink for $7.50. The classic smashburger comes with the regular crowd- lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, lettuce and tomatos. But this ain't your momma's burger, it's huge and delicious!! And the smashfries are made with rosemary and garlic and are completely addicting! If you're in the mood for a burger, but want to try something new, you have to check out Smashburger! They're popping up all over the valley- so chances are, there's one in your neighborhood.
4	Being a self proclaimed burger junkie, I have to weigh in on where Smashburger fits into the valley burger scene.  First off, if your litmus test for a good burger is price, you probably shouldn't be rating burger joints.  Remember people, the only reason you expect to pay next to nothing for a burger is because McDowell's has trained you to believe that a great burger is cheap!Good food costs so stick to the fast food chains if you are looking for a $3.99 value meal.Now, for those of us serious about our burgers, Smashburger is definitely a place to put on your list of must visits.  I have only visited the University location so other SB's may have bigger dining areas, but the University location is sorely lacking in space.  Between the hassle of parking and finding a seat, you would be well advised to go before or after the ASU lunch hour.That being said, the burgers are worth it.  Not sure if I buy into the whole "smashing the patty on the grill" makes a big difference, but I will say that one taste will tell you that the ingredients are fresh and the meat is real beef - not a frozen pre made patty.  There aren't many choices for toppings but the presence of a fried egg option and jalepeno's should keep most burger lovers happy.  The fries are ok and include Sweet Potato options but the burger is the star here.  The shakes are good too but this is clearly where the profit is being generated.  Service is good but they could use another register during lunch hour as the line extends outside of the restaurant during lunch.  Other than that minor hassle, there isn't any reason that you can't get your Smash on too!
2	Smashburger isn't bad. It's definitely quality for a fast food chain. But much like 5 Guys, Fatburger, and any of the other nondrive-thru burger joints, Smashburger just doesn't justify it's higher price tag (although this one isn't excessively expensive). I had the 1/3 pound classic Smashburger and sweet potato smashfries. The burger patty itself was pretty good, not greasy at all. The egg bun is awesome. The special sauce is lame. I'm very sadden to say that Smashburger is the only place that's ever served me bad sweet potato fries. The portion is pretty small, the fries didn't stay warm for very long, and putting rosemary (an herb I generally enjoy) on them was awful. The place is clean and the employees are very friendly. I think Smashburger puts a little too much effort into trying to look like its something better than it really is. I agree with the reviewer who said "good food costs." However, I paid a little more than $7.00 for a burger and fries. Not bad, but there's so many options in the ASU/Mill Avenue area (where for just a few more dollars I can have better food), that I think I'm going to have to pass on Smashburger next time.
4	great food. I dont know what it is but the meat tastes different than other burgers. The Smashing really does make it tender and juicy. They are not too greasy and heavy like other burgers. The location at ASU is perfect too. I recommend it.
3	I ordered the classic smash burger with bacon, smash fries and sweet potato smash fries.The burger was flavorful, had a nice char on the outside and tender on the inside, and was cooked as ordered (medium well), which i appreciated. As for the fries, both were tossed with rosemary, olive oil & garlic - YUM!The only thing I didn't like was my butterfinger shake, which tasted nothing like a butterfinger - it was a watery, vanilla milkshake with a few pieces of butterfinger mixed-in - LAME!
4	This was a very good burger. I ordered the 1/3lb Arizona special with a fried egg. They cook their Angus beef burger at a high heat with a crispy finish, and it tasted great!  Also ordered a side of their herb yam fries which were very good.  They also have Tazo iced tea, which was a nice touch. This location is a bit of a pain, since there is no free parking (it is in a parkade, so you can get some shade by parking in there). The burgers are $5.99 with an extra $1.99 for fries or yam fries.
3	The list of fast food burger grows, and unfortunately, Smashburger is near the bottom.If for some reason you get sick of Five Guys, In-n-out, Four peaks, and Lobby's, then give this place a try (although to be honest, Lobby's and this place are kind of tied).I got an Arizona burger. It was good, no doubt about it. But just a bit pricey. A 1/2 lb burger + fries comes out to $10. For $10 I'd rather go to Four Peaks, or Five Guys (get 2 burgers) or In-n-Out (2 burgers + fries). Of course, you get more meat at Smashburger, but honestly 1 double double at In-n-Out or Five Guys and some fries split between two is enough for a meal. This place tastes really good, but it loses on value.In fact, I had a B1G1 coupon, so I brought my lady along and she got a salad. There is no doubt she enjoyed the salad. However, neither of us thought it was a good value even at B1G1 (Remember when Chipotle had B1G1? That was a damn good value).Unfortunately, if you're in the Tempe area you should go a little further to try to get a table at Four peaks. Better value and better food there. If you can't wait, hit up Five Guys on Mill or In-N-Out on 202/Rural.
4	The food is good, though the burgers are a *tad* on the greasy side. I get a kid's meal and it fills me up perfectly. Staff is always nice, even when there's a rush, but there's no place to stand and wait for a take out order aside from next to the soda fountain and trash.
3	I never get chips, or fries. Usually just a drink. This place makes me get the amazing sweet potato fries with olive oil and rosemary..their burgers come second to lobby's, though, and the service at this location is shitty at best. If you want to try smashburger, try the tempe marketplace location or the one on rural. This one also has zero parking, for you car drivers.
5	Burger joints are pretty trendy right now, and out of all the trendy burger joints I've tried, Smashburger has to be my favorite. The burgers are good, not too thick, not too greasy, and really flavorful. I especially like the fried onions they put on them. But it isn't the burgers that actually make me love this place- it's the fries! The smash fries are covered in rosemary, garlic and olive oil and they are delicious. No kidding- you can't come here without trying those fries.
4	Great place to grab a bite to eat when on ASU campus. I usually just order a kids meal because for the price you pay you get normal size hot dog, side of fries and small soda... which is more than enough to fill me up! The staff at this specific location are really nice too!
4	If you want a thick greasy delicious burger that will clog your remaining arteries and wreck your gastrointestinal tract, come to smash burger ;).
3	I'm not a fan of fast food and tend to have it only a few times per year. But, we heard that Smashburger has a variety of interesting fried foods and decided to try it out. We tried the fried pickles and sweet potato fries. The pickles had a nice spice and light breading, with thick pieces of pickles. This was welcomed, as it was less about fried greasiness and more about good flavors. The fries were thinly sliced and had a strong rosemary flavor, which was unique. In addition, the chocolate milkshake was very good and I recommend it for a sweet treat.Smashburger may not be a longstanding fast food staple, but it certainly offers unique options that I have not seen at the traditional places. It is worth checking out if you are in the mood for a fresh take on fried fast foods.
4	I love, love, love this place. It's near campus, and I live close by so I do come here often. Manager is a great guy, greets everyone with a kind, professional word. Great for groups as well. Food is out of this world delicious! Smash fries are divine. However, err on the side of caution! Way greasy food, I mean- the grease drips off of the burgers and onto the paper. The shakes are fattening but that's the best kind, because they are delicious and made with real ice cream! I can not possibly recommend the milk shakes enough! They even have malts.Some times this one is so crowded you wont get a seat, so please be prepared to face a completely loud and crowded restaurant. Also, depending on what you get, bit pricey, but you get what you pay for- high quality.
5	Excellent! Great customer service and good eats. Do yourself a favor and just try it one time.
4	Found a free SIDE coupon, so had to try this place. The Arizona burger was really delicious. It was $5.99. And my hubs had the Arizona grilled chicken burger. The sweet potato fries were fabulous. They're made with rosemary, olive oil and garlic. If you dine in, they do bring your food to your table which is a nice treat. While I enjoyed this place, I still think In N Out is the best burger place. (And it's must cheaper too.)
3	I like Smashburger burgers. They use good meat and ingredients - not at all like the typical fast food. They can get soggy pretty quick - which isn't necessarily a bad thing. They are on the pricey side. The burgers justify it. It's the sides that are overpriced. I attached a photo of my milkshake to go. It out barely filled half the cup. And it wasn't a large cup. Just count on lunch being $10-15.
4	Found this little gem today while taking my son on a tour of the ASU campus. Neat little restaurant just off College Avenue. Had the grilled chicken sandwich on a multi-grain bun with grilled onions, lettuce, tomatos, and mustard. You can choose about twenty different options to add to it off of the menu. Tried the chillie fries, but they wern't very good. Over cooked and they had no flavor. The sandwich is the main issue here. Really good, and the grilled onions are fantastic! I didn't have a milkshake, but I did notice that they are "real milkshakes." I saw the ice cream and milk being added to the mixing cup. The place itself was pretty small inside, but there are tables outside to eat off of. The inside was very clean. Nice option to the Chuck Box just around the corner which is usually packed, so this was a great choice.
5	So I am not a fan of fast food. My husband and 2 young boys wanted to try Smash Burger (777 E College Ave, Tempe, AZ) before we went to the airport and they somehow convinced me to go.It was a Monday 12:30pm so it was very crowded. We ordered our lunch but had to wait for a table to open. Our food was almost ready and my young boys were getting restless, but still no table. The cook in the back came out with fries and gave them to my boys to hold them over -- nice touch. The manager and 1 other person were hustling to clear and clean tables so that we could sit down faster. We sat down and boy was I surprised at what appeared on the table! Fresh, hot burgers and the most delicious fries seasoned with a hint of rosemary. My sons also ordered a chocolate shake which looked mouth watering!I have never experienced tastier food, friendlier staff or for that matter, staff that hustle, as much as I experienced at the 777 E. College Ave location on Mon 3/19, 12:30pmMy only complaint is that there is not a Smashburger location in the city limits of Chicago! We cannot wait to return!
5	Nicest staff ever! We drive past two other Smashburger locations to go here because of the friendly peeps who work here and will go to great lengths to keep you happy!
5	There's the sweetest (and cutest) guy who works there and one time, my total came to 5.45, i had a 5 in my hand as I was scraping for change in my dance bag but he was like "its on me." and took it from his tips! I know its just 45 cents and i could probably find that under the seats in my car but he truly made my day with something so little like that! I LOVE this place!! :D
2	I had so high expectations of this place that I left pretty sad.Nothing to remember. Lame fries, lame burger and uber messy.And this location in particular has no parking (besides meters) and no bathroom. Fail.
3	Smashburger uses high quality ingredients but everything feels saturated with grease. The fries are particularly bad. They glimmer with oil and on the way down taste like it too. Not ideal for either a budget conscientious or health concerned person.
4	Customer service was excellent! I only got the sweet potato smash fries which were like garlic fries! They were good under $3.
4	The people at smashburger GET me! I smash stuff like a boss and so do they! I wish smashburger was a shelizard so we could make some babies! I mean they have smash in the name. I'M IN LOVE, I'M IN LOVE AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!!!!!!great food for when I need a break from eating people. The staff for being directionless college kids who are about to change majors for the 5th time in a week are helpful and quick with the food.reviewers Nick and Ernesto need to remember that this is 'Merica and if they don't drop the crap and learn to like burgers to canada they go.
3	Edit: The manager of the Tempe location sent me a much appreciated written apology.  The regional manager, as well as someone else from corporate also called to apologize for my experience.  Three stars for the apology.  Thanks!
5	I love the burgers here.I love their smash fries.I love their regular smash fries and sweet potato smash fries.I love that I can get their burgers in a lettuce wrap. There's just something about their beef. It's really good. Some places, their burgers taste fake. Not here. I've been here several times and will continue to come.
2	I always wanted to try this place because its always busy so I assumed it was really good. We stopped by after a long hot day walking around ASU so we were really hot tired and hungry. I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and my kids had the Avocado club crispy chicken. Very disappointed because it seemed like portions of the burger was really salty and other bites had no salt so I didn't think it was very good. The chicken sandwich was also pretty salty. The fries are cut very thin and I don't think they were very good. Nothing to write home about. Overall I wasn't impressed at all by the food. The service on the other hand was great. He was very friendly, patient and helpful which I appreciate. He even gave us free drinks because he saw how hot, tired and flush we were so I thought that was nice. They were very good in cleaning the tables so that new customers could sit down. I could get a better burger at another place next time.
4	I had a bad experience at this place last time but I was willing to give it a try again. Anyways, I tried the bacon cheeseburger with fries and it was so much better this time. The burger was nice and juicy and the fries were nice and crispy. Service was very good. Very friendly when ordering and the food came in decent amount of time. Even had people come over to ask how the food was. Not really used to that for a fast food place. I would say that I enjoyed my meal today and glad I gave it another try. Another option for burgers is always nice.
5	My friend was working as an associate professor for a while at ASU so we would meet for lunch in the area often and Smashburger became a favorite.  The black bean burgers and sweet potato fries are THE BEST!!!
5	I've been to other smashburger locations. This one is definitely my favorite! People here are always friendly and helpful, which makes the delicious burgers and fries more enjoyable!!
5	This is the life-changing Smashburger, the Smashburger that leaves other Smashburger locations in the dust (a dust composed of rosemary and sea salt).i always get the burger with the barbecue sauce, bacon, and onion bits. Before my burger arrives, I believe I am content in other bacon-BBQ-onion-ring burgers I have tried -- and I have left a trail of bacon-BBQ-onion-ring burgers in my wake, as I love and leave bacon-BBQ-onion-ring burgers at a pace that makes observers fear for my cholesterol levels. Then I receive my Smashburger and remember that this is the One True Bacon-BBQ-Onion Burger, the Bacon-BBQ-Onion Burger to rule them all. It's consistently prepared just perfectly -- the bacon is neither too crisp nor too limp -- and the beef always tastes fresh and beefy, not that odd, bland fast-food taste that some places achieve.The Smashfries are, of course, something between an addiction and an incitement to riot.It's possible to sit outside, watching the passing students and using the free ASU wi-fi, while pretending that one's at a prestigious New England liberal arts college rather than at the party school of the West. The clerks will bring one's food out. The clerks here are pleasant to the point of being adorable, in a scruffy way. The only thing that could make this Smashburger more utterly perfect is a beer license AND IT GOT ONE. It is now possible to enjoy Four Peaks brew in a frosty glass. Perfection.
4	Super super friendly staff and extremely fast service! The staff is always really considerate and remembers what regulars like to order. I recommend all the milkshakes and root beer float. Be sure to show your ASU ID for a student discount on the Classic Smash meal.
5	GONE. Closed February 26, 2014.Apparently reaching the peak of burger-fries-and-beer perfection meant it was too good for this world and had to close.Let us all hum Don McLean's "Vincent (Starry, Starry Night") as we contemplate the burger goodness that was and wonder what to do for dinner in the College Avenue food-court strip. The Smashburger in Tempe Marketplace is still open, though.
