5	On a recent foray to Sin City with my Gal Pal, Kathryn W. we decided that we were going to relax, read, eat, explore and do some retail damage.  We zipped over to City Center and of course, with my raging Crumpet Fever, I had to stop and take in the newest boutique of this iconic designer.  In the last few months, I have picked up several pairs of cufflinks, a wallet, and purchased a new Key Chain from their current Pin Up Girl collection.  Sultry and fun - yay! Many thanks to Sales Professional Chris, who was extremely polite, polished and thoughtful, without getting underfoot.   Ask for him by name; he'll take care of you.  I tried on several skirts but they did not have size 38 in stock, so he happily called the SF outpost and put several items on hold for me.  I will be returning to Vegas at the end of the month for another adventure, so I will be sure to stop by again - there were several other items calling my name, but alas, we had dinner reservations and didn't want to be late!The aesthetic sensibilities of Paul Smith are so spot on - the devil is in the details, and I am an unrepentant transgressor!  I love wearing my Union Jack Mini Cooper cuff links; when I want to go lean and mean, there's a spot for everything in my cardholder wallet... and the riot of colors manage to be both staid and irreverent.  I love Paul Smith for being so on point and current without being "trendy".  There is a fantastic sharpness that is always relevant and invigorating about anything Paul Smith, whether it's a more subtle but razor smart accessory, pair of socks, beautifully fitted suit or dress.Always a fantastic shoppe to invigorate your basics or find a statement piece that will marry happily into what you may already have in your closet.  A number of gorgeous tulip skirted dresses come to mind for the Summer Wedding Season... Be sure to take your time and peruse the lovely eclectica on the walls - I found that some of things my eye caught weren't even for sale, but gave me ideas for different looks and even cues for home decor.
5	The sales team treated me like royalty ... and all I bought were socks... on sale!!!!:-)
5	SUPER cool and on point. LOVE the colors and layout of this store. VERY awesome customer service. I also noticed that alot of the items here were a little cheaper than the online prices. ... yay!!
4	I walked in and was pretty much immediately helped. I was just looking for a shirt and the salesmen gave me a bunch of solid choices and I eventually settled on something that I liked quite a bit. Very pricey but definitely worth it.
5	Staff was really helpful and friendly and the product was beautifully kept. I think anyone would feel welcome in this store.
2	2 stars for the nice clothes. Paul Smith makes good stuff if you can get it on sale (not worth normal retail though).Service isn't great though. Very pushy and want to get you to walk out with a lot of clothes. Sold me a suit that didn't fit well with the promise that Paul Smith San Francisco would alter it for free. SF said that was ridiculous and upon going to a tailor they said the type of alteration it needed wasn't even possible. Kind of sucks because I now have a $1500 suit that doesn't really fit.
5	At the end of our bachelor & bachelorette parties, Peter requested that I meet up with him to help him shop for his wedding ensemble. We went to a few shops at Crystals/City Center/whatever it's called...but did not find anything worth our time until we went to Paul Smith.The salesman was super helpful and brought out a variety of suits for Peter to try on. I mentioned to the salesman that Peter looks best in more casual clothes. Immediately, he brought out a sports jacket. He explained that although the sports jacket is still dressy, it looks more relaxed. He was exactly right. Peter looked wedding-ready. He bought the jacket and dress pants from the store in Las Vegas and took it to the Paul Smith store in LA to have it altered.
4	The most approachable option in the Crystals complex.Paul Smith has always been a beloved brand of mine, but the San Francisco store leaves much to be desired both in size and in service. Thankfully the Crystals store satiated my needs for those beloved socks, and is staffed with incredible sales associates that will shoot the shit with you about other brands as much as they will about Paul Smith. Paul Smith's prices and designs are some of the most approachable in the Crystals, and the service backs that up.
