5	When I got pregnant, I didn't even search for any doctors, I just automatically picked Dr. Gex. He delivered my nephew 5 months prior, and my sister told me how much she loved the staff.I'm glad I trusted my sister's word. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. Dr. Gex is quite possibly my favorite doctor in the world. He always has a smile and a few jokes. He and his staff make you feel at home with them.When progress on my labor stalled and we had to do a c-section, Dr. Gex asked me many times how I was doing, and if I was okay. It's that kind of compassion that makes him a great doctor... Not to mention my scar is straight and tiny!We love Gex Women's Care!
5	Dr. Gex was recommended to me by 6 friends and family, he definitely lived up to my expectations. During My whole pregnancy he was soothing and caring he takes the time to listen and gives his honest opinions and not pushing them on you like others. his office staff is amazing. Once I was admitted into the hospital it's such a relief seeing your Doctor calm and collective he just made the whole experience easy breezy. Gex has to be one of the best in the business, despite him being a saints fan! Haha :)
5	I wish I had found Dr. Gex sooner but now that I've found his practice, I don't need to ever feel uncomfortable going to the gynecologist again!I became a patient of Dr. Gex when my regular doctor left the state and left me in his care. I am really glad she did!For my first appointment, I was nervous and uncomfortable. Something about appointments in July and it being really hot make me extra self conscious.Dr. Gex was very kind, took his time, made a few jokes to put me at ease and thoroughly explained what it was he was going to do.He didn't make me feel rushed, he answered all of my questions and made me feel like I had been coming to his practice for years instead of just my first time.Dr. Gex is a wonderful asset to the community. His office is very clean and his staff is warm and friendly.I would not hesitate to suggest him to any of my female friends.
3	My regular doctor left the state and left me in Dr. Gex care. I haven't get to meet Dr. Gex yet but Dr. Jennifer Powers is great. Takes the time to explain things, seems to genuinely care and she's competent. Hard to find here in Las Vegas."ONE MAYOR BUT" - I have never waited less than an hour after my appt time to see her. This is obviously really inconvenient, specially when I have to get back to work. I've considered going elsewhere because of this reason only.
2	I gotta start saying I already wrote a review and it has been erased, so hopefully this one doesn't get erased too, cause then I wouldn't trust yelp reviews anymore, since they only keep the perfect ones.First their staff is not very capable and speciality knowledgeable. Why i say this cause one of their techs did an ultrasound that according to her words, everything looked very good, 2 weeks later in my third appointment I found out something wasn't quite right when Dr. Jennifer Powers let me know the ultrasound showed an absence that could be a sign of miscarriage, she even asked me if the person who did the ultrasound didn't mentioned it, and I said no she even said everything looked good. Well she set up a second ultrasound for me, ultrasound that it was practiced by the same person and she didn't even know about the special requirements that dr. powers discussed with me. I had to tell her about it. I even suggested her to talk to Dr. Powers about it before the ultrasound but she just said I know what you mean. She knows what I mean?, I don't even know what i mean, i just repeating after dr. powers. Anyways the ultrasound showed I had a miscarriage.Second you don't get to see Dr. Gex until your third or fourth visit in my case I had a loss in my fourth visit and that's when I get to meet him, but just because the ultrasound showed that i had lost my baby, so he just came to let me know I was suffering a miscarriage. It was very uncomfortable that someone I never saw in my life, had to told me such a hard news. But I have to say he was kind and answered all my questions. I visited a different doctor last friday to find out what's is wrong since this is my second miscarriage. he did an ultrasound and he found out there's polyps in my uterus, based on that and my symptoms I was diagnostic with possible endometriosis.so Third how come they couldn't see that in the 2 ultrasounds i got practiced in Dr. Gex office?Fourth, in the third visit i got practiced a pap test, at least that's what i was told in that visit. Well I need the results to show my other doctor, I called Dr. Gex office for results cause it had been 3 weeks since the test and I never got a call with those, neither they gave it to me in my last visit. So what a surprise when they let me know I didn't get that test, instead I got a gonorrhea test that I was never told about (it was negative according to them). So now I'm gonna have to make another appointment to get the test I never got. Btw I also got lots of blood for tests I never got to know about and to be honest i don't even care anymore, since I found someone else who was more knowledgeable that make me feel comfortable and I can trust to , but most importantly that there's a solution for my case and I'll be able to be a mother, and that's all I care.So maybe Dr. Gex works for regular pregnant woman with healthy pregnancies so don't need very capable and knowledgeable people that provide information on time for you to do something in case you need special treatment. But if this is your first pregnancy or even worst a pregnancy after a miscarriage or more, this is not the place to go.
1	Today I was notified by Dr. Gex office that they were refusing me as a patient. I missed an appointment that wasn't scheduled on my terms, and actually left town right after for work. When I returned I was told he dropped me, (at 33 weeks) because I didn't respond in the last 12 days. I continued to explain I was out of town working a tradeshow, and my hours were crazy. I had never missed an appointment before and couldn't believe the inconsideration and the coldness I was getting. The only reason the appointment was missed because they scheduled it not me. It was the only appointment they had available when I was there for my routine appointment, and after waiting 2 hours I was told he had a delivery which is understandable. I was only offered 2 appointment options which neither worked with my schedule. I expressed that to the receptionist, however she showed little concern. So now I am only 5 weeks away with a breech baby and no one will take me because I am so far along. So to all those yelpers who may hit a bump in the road, and miss 1 appointment be careful. They are not a caring, and considerate office. THEY WILL DROP YOU AND LEAVE YOU STRANDED IN SPITE OF ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!! They have no sincere regard for you or your situation whatsoever.
