5	These doctors are awesome and really know what they are doing.
1	Every Word is 100% true. I called on 10-30-2013 spoke with Kaylee and made an appointment for Nov 12, @ 1pm. I have Medicare and Tricare for Life. I am a 100% disabled Gulf War era Veteran. I was advised by Kaylee that Tricare Members need prior authorization to be seen. True, ONLY  Regular Tricare members need prior authorization, Tricare for Life members do NOT need any prior authorization to see a specialist. I called Tricare for Life @ 866-773-0404 after speaking with Kaylee to verify her statements. I was informed by the service agent @ the Tricare for Life service center that NO prior authorizations are needed for Tricare for Life members to see a specialist. Well on 10-31-2013, Kaylee called back and left a voice message saying that Tricare needed to send a letter to say its ok for me to be seen. Never EVER have I ever needed any prior authorization to see a specialist. I have seen a Neurologist, Head & Neck surgeon (had a C4-C5 fusion) didn't need prior authorization for any of it. Try having a conversation with the billing office is a pleasure. They are rude, mean and give you misinformation about YOUR own health insurance, then she starts to argue with me about what I said about MY statement about why NO authorization is needed. Requiring someone to get an authorization that is not federal mandated under that persons health coverage is a major conflict with your office policies and Tricare for Life regulations!!
1	I would give negative stars if I could. Never have I been to a more incompetent, unprofessional office. I went here for severe allergies and saw a PA (I won't give her name for her sake) and despite giving a detailed description if my issues, (I am a nurse), which were similar to an issue I had before, she brushed me off, prescribed me some antihistamines, and long story short I ended up in emergency sinus surgery 2 weeks later. The office staff is rude, incompetent, and wait times are HORRIBLE at 30 minutes to an hour and a half. Especially for allergy shots. Who wants to sit in an office for 2 hours waiting for an allergy shot every single week?? DO NOT go to this place...I am surprised they are still in business!!!! They need to be turned into the BBB!!!
1	This was the worst experiance i have ever had!!!!!!! This office staff doesnt know their head from their rear. i work in the medical field and have never seen such horrible customer service and policy and procedures. It took us 3 weeks to get the appt and had spoke with them on the phone 4 times threw out the process due to errors they kept making with our insurance. They also had our childs name and our phone # incorrect. When we finally arrived they told us they would have to rescedule the appt because they failed to check if we had prior auth to be seen. i asked how many times had she opened my file in last 2 weeks and not notice it. 4 times. so we called our health insurance and got them to authorize it but then they said no we had to reschedule our appt because it was too late. i said only due to your error. doing business as i do i was able to see the dr only to realize he is a money grubbing scum bag and was doing everything in his powers to find extra ways to get more money from us. plus his flashy wardrobe made that obvious too. thankfully we found a good ent who is caring for our child and not adding extra procedures that do not need to be done.
