5	What nice guys. Awesome service. They break down the cost and are far better than any locksmith I have ever used. They have a new customer for life !!! I had my car stole from my husbands car so we had to get my whole car rekeyed.  They were quick and did an amazing job.
5	As if the fact that this locksmith is located in a castle wasn't great enough, these guys actually know what they are doing too!  Here's a little life lesson: you will spend 1.97 per key copy at Lowes and only 1.50 at Genes. Here's the difference; the guys at Genes are real locksmiths and actually know how to cut keys...that work the first time!Don't get suckered into the whole convenience aspect of going to Lowes, Home Depot or other big box stores with untrained employees. The time you spend going back and forth with improperly made keys just doesn't make sense; especially when you are paying more for each copy. I had five keys made at Genes yesterday; all five work perfectly. The five that were made at Lowes...none of them worked! What a waste of time. Besides expert key copying this company has everything and anything relating to locks and security. If it has, needs or can be outfitted with a lock, these guys have it or can get it. The storefront is huge compared to most locksmiths and one can spend a good hour in here just looking at all of the cool stuff.I also inquired about their locksmith services outside of the shop. The rates are quite reasonable with a 65 dollar trip charge plus a few bucks to re-key your lock cylinders. Not a bad deal considering I have never seen a professional trade charge anything less than 100-120 per trip charge.Highly recommended for quality service, good rates, and a unique building.
5	I needed an extra set of keys for my RV, and a neighbor recommended Gene's. Now, some keys for RV's are pretty weird for the outside compartments and the entrance door. I was expecting they probably wouldn't be able to match all four. Not only did they match all four, but they all worked perfectly the first time. Their customer service is excellent, and while your keys are being made, they have a lot of cool stuff to look at in their store. If you can get out of there with just your keys, and not finding something else you "need," don't start looking around.
