5	Awesome hotel!  The place looks brand new and the rooms are great.  Flat screen TVs, nice comfy beds, new and up to date bathrooms, desk, furniture, etc.  The location is good too.  There is a shopping center behind the hotel with several department stores, Walmart Supercenter, and 15-20 restaurants ranging from McDonalds to Quiznos to PF Changs.Being stuck here without a car has been no problem.  The hotel staff is friendly as well.  I would definitely recommend if you are in this area.
4	Great new Hampton Inn in the newer Happy Valley area.I had a one bedroom suite large enough for a yoga class.  Well kept rooms, speedy wifi, decent breakfast, and great proximity to the shops at Norterra.
3	This hotel is much more impressive on the outside than it is on the inside. My room felt dated even though I know the hotel isn't that old. Kinda odd. There's also a pretty good amount of highway noise that seeps into the room. Other than that, the staff was nice, the lobby was well kept, and I slept well.
4	We stayed at this Hampton while attending a wedding at Bella Giardino. The hotel was clean and quiet and the staff were exceptionally helpful and polite.  The bedding was wonderful and the room plenty big.  We were mid-building, second floor facing the back of the Walmart and experienced no freeway or Walmart noise.We just wish the cabbie from Discount had not tried to scam us on our return trip from Bella to the hotel... Advice, use the hotel shuttles or be very specific with your directions to the cabbie!  Never had such a slimy, deceptive cabbie in any city in the world!  But this was not the hotel's fault... They loose a star for not running on-demand or late shuttles for events like this... Otherwise, it was great!
5	I've stayed here 3 times in the last few years on my trips back to the Valley of the Sun. This place is highly recommended.Staff: A+Friendly and helpful. Everyone of them, every timeRoom: AClean and comfy. No weird smells. Everything works great. The suites are fantastic.Location: AWithin walking distance or 3 minute drive of every type of food you could think of, groceries, breakfast, apparel, etc. Rates: AVery competitive. Breakfast: B+Free and abundant. Need I say more?Intangibles: A+Free internet, wired and wireless, plus their staff let me use a conference room for no charge for an hour plus for a business conference call i had to be on.If you are looking for a nice, I mean very nice, place to stay at a reasonable rate with a comfy bed, free breakfast and a great staff, this is it. Peace.
4	We travel add a family of five and I've seen double queen rooms over most of the west coast. The room we had here was huge. Two queen beds and a fold out divan, kitchenette with fridge and microwave, clean heated swimming pool. I would definitely stay here again.
5	While in town for a softball tournament my husband and I stood here for the first time on Cinco de Mayo.  I was really impressed with the young lady at the front desk, she was very professional and courtious.  The room was very clean and well kept.  Loved the fact that the next morning we didn't have to go out to look for a place to eat breakfast.  The breakfast they offered was great.  The only thing that I was bothered with was that our room was next to the elevator and I could hear the darn thing everytime someone used it.  I was too tired to bother asking for a different room.  But non the less it was a great place to stay.  Would highly recomend it to anyone visiting the area.  Next tournament we come out here for we will be staying here again.
5	This was our second visit this year.  Here again for another softball tournament.  (What can I say, my husband Love's to play ball and I love to stay at the Hampton)  We stayed here this past weekend and when we entered our original room, it smelled like stale smoke.  So I called down to the front desk to see if they could either move us (kept my fingers crossed) or send up some air fresheners.  The attendant apologized and said, she would get some keys made up so we can check out a  few other rooms.  We quickly got moved to the one we felt was a lot better than our original room.   They have a very friendly staff, they never lost their cool with us even after we got moved to our new room, then needed to be let back in to the old room to retrieve our phone charger (can't live with a dead cell phone) and then again our pillows we brought from home.  The breakfast they have is nice.  Good variety to choose from.
5	Very nice Hampton in a great location.  Many restaurants and shops near by.  Great rates.  Very clean and nice.  Front desk staff very friendly.  Would definitely stay there again any time I am passing through Phoenix.  It is the best Hampton I have stayed in.
5	This was our first visit on our way through Phoenix. The hotel is modern and clean. The staff was incredibly helpful and knowledgable. We were hungry from the long drive in with a cranky toddler. They gave us a great recommendation for delivery to our room and gave us two complimentary cups of milk for the baby. It was thoughtful and so appreciated. The room was huge and clean with beautiful views of the mountains. It actually feels like a little home with the cute kitchenette, little living area, etc. The bed and pillows were so comfortable I actually considered staying another night.  This is definitely a place I will be staying again when we travel through.
4	We went to Phoenix for a soccer tournament, we have never been before. The hotel was on the list of recommended hotels in the area. I am glad we picked it. The staff was incredibly friendly. The room I was given smelled funny to me so I went back to the front desk and they apologized and got us a new room right away. That room smelled fine. The only other issue we had was room service on the second to last day. The maid was cleaning the room next door and we told her to please clean our room we would be back in a couple hours when we got back nothing had been done. When we left again we asked another maid to please clean the room we would be back in a couple hours we got back and the maid restocked the bath towels but didn't make the bed or empty the trash cans? It would have been nice to have the beds made but was no big deal and didn't ask them to come back to make them. The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly and the breakfast buffet changes daily so you don't have the same hot options every day which is a super nice benefit to staying more than a couple days. I truly enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.
4	We stayed here with our softball team for a softball tournament.  My husband is the manager and it was his decision to book this hotel for our group.   The location was close to the field as well as many shops and restaurants, they provided free breakfast, and the price was reasonable for all of our families to stay here.  We booked a standard room but were offered a suite for $10 more so that was great!  The suite had a King bed and a sofa bed for our daughter.  It also had a fridge and a microwave which was nice.  The room was very spacious for the 3 of us.  Breakfast included a waffle station, hot items, cereal, fresh fruit, juice, assorted bread, etc.  I also asked for soy milk.  They gave me the last one but said they would make sure to get more for me for breakfast the next morning.  The lobby was comfortable and large enough to accommodate our group.  It seems that the hotel was not full as I saw the parking lot was fairly empty during our stay.  The kids enjoyed swimming in the pool.  So pretty much everything was good except this one issue...housekeeping.    Our room was not cleaned so I called housekeeping.  There was no answer.  I left a message.  We returned to the room later that day. Still the room was not serviced.  I called the front desk.  She said "oh, we don't answer the phone on weekends".  I was shocked!  Who says that????  This is a hotel.  Service is 24/7.  Rooms should be cleaned daily.  Every phone call should be answered!  So by that time I was so tired I wanted to take a nap and not be bothered.  I just asked for fresh towels and extra shampoo.  They delivered towels.  The towels were damp.  Unacceptable.  We called again.  They brought new towels.  So we received two handwritten notes of apology.  The first one came from "The Hampton Team" with some snacks.  The second note was from the manager John who I spoke with in person the next morning at breakfast.  I told him this whole situation and he was very good about taking care of us.  The Hampton Inn has a 100% satisfaction guarantee.  He stood by that.  We were not satisfied and gave us credit for one night stay.  He also went and found almond milk for us.  I have a dairy and egg allergy and having a dairy alternative is important to me and my daughter.  I really appreciate all that he did personally to make us feel welcome and try to improve the situation.  So although we had an issue, I want to thank John for resolving it in a professional manner.  We will keep this hotel in mind should we return for future softball tournaments.  I was going to give this a lower rating however due to your satisfaction guarantee, it has been improved to a 4.  I would not have been happy paying full price without receiving full service.  By the way, it was Mother's Day weekend.  I accept your apology.
5	3rd hotel in three days in the AZ area. From valet to hosts service was exceptional. Checked in with Joseph. His service was exceptional. I had some requests upon arrival and was easily accommodated. Will definitely stay again.
