4	First time there, so it's too soon for a solid opinion. Take ths with a grain of salt to be sure. We brought our dogs in two weeks ago and it was a very nice, clean place. I did like how the entire floor is open so you can just pop in to see how your pet is doing at anytime. Pricesare reasonable and the staff is ultra friendly. I'll give a more solid review after the next time we bring them in. For right now, we'll drip them a for star for performance so far.
5	We have been going here for some time now and have no complaints. The owner and her staff are unbelievably helpful and concerned for the pets. They know Romeo and Juliette and how they want to be cut. I highly recommend this as your go to local pet booming solution.
2	I've been bringing my a schnauzer and a cocker spaniel here for almost 1 yr now. I was pretty happy with overall service till recently. They were flexible and accommodating with their schedule upon till our last appt . It was on Sat. @ 12, which was scheduled abt 1 wk ago. It was "fine" when I scheduled it but when I brought my dogs in, the owner lady started to "complain" that I came in "too-late." I explained the situation and in goes in my dogs, which they were reluctant. Don't think too many dogs like to be groomed in the first place right?! Anyway, while getting few things sort out, I noticed the owner lady was pretty "harsh" and "mean" with the little poodle she was cutting. She was pulling and yanking on the leash fairly hard. She was yelling "stop moving!" in Korean, which I understood. I don't think she hurt the dog but I felt she should've been more gentle and patient. When I came back to pick up my dogs, I noticed my schnauzer's hair on the back was noticeably uneven. So I politely asked if that can be evened out. Wow, then the lady got really defensive. I always appreciated their works in the past and I never once complained and I wasn't complaining but I felt it was not-to-their-normal-standard. Anyway, she buzzed his back couple times and claimed there's nothing uneven. Ok then...didn't need to argue. She won...won't be back!
1	Terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE!!! Please do not take your pets here!I used to take my Yorkie to Aloha until they cut off one of the pads on his paw. No joke! My poor little guy was bleeding for several hours and had to have multiple surgeries to fix his foot. To make matters worse, the awful staff at Aloha didn't call me or notify me when it happened. In fact, they lied to me and said that my dog got his foot caught in the kennel door while he was waiting for me to pick him up. My vet was appalled at the hack job they did to his paw and had to perform TWO surgeries over the course of several months to mend it. Please, please take your pets somewhere else. I would HATE for this to happen to anyone else :(
1	First and last time I went there. They said they will make "fox cut" for my Pomeranian, however when I came to pick my dog up, what I saw just frankly shocked me, well, they just clipped all his fur our left him with almost no fur. Not to mention that they don't know how to make "lion cut".
5	They got me in the same day. Very friendly staff. Didnt give me a hard time for asking lots of questions, or letting me stick around to make sure my kali was doing well. Great price as well!
1	I took my pups here because I'm from Hawaii and I thought "Hmm, aloha Pet Grooming sounds like a friendly-family feel place". I should have known the minute i got there when they practically dragged my dogs in by the leash. I understand my dogs were hesitant, because they knew they were about to get groomed... but at least take them back gently.When I picked them up, they looked ok... until i saw that my Bichon had had parts of the skin on his paw either shaved or cut off! it was the size of a good nickel! I complained, and they told me that it had already been there. I assured them that it was not there, as there was fresh blood on his fur.... and that they did that to him.  I demanded parts of my money back, and I believe the guy called the owner or manager.  She refused and we were going back and forth.  In the argument, she somehow slipped and said that it was because there was a knot so big that when they chopped it off it grabbed parts of his skin.  I told them that I was going to look into it deeply that they are held accountable for what they have done and without a hesitation, they credited me $20.It wasnt even about the money.  They didnt even call me to or tell me about the cut and they knew what they did... and they had to lie about it.  That's very bad.For the sake of your dog, please don't come here.  I just read a previous review about the same thing that happened to another dog'.  Thats just so horrible!
1	DO NOT GO HERE. They cut my dogs ear so deep. Please save yourself money and your dogs suffering. Absolutely horrible service especially when answering phone calls. Honestly, I don't feel like they care about the animals at all.
