3	Visited the new ballpark for the first time on Saturday, March 7, 2009. It's quite a trek for me from Mesa, but I like baseball and am always game to visit a new ballpark. When approaching the stadium, all the workers were very nice. Walked up to the window and purchased a grass seat. Entered the park. Not what I was expecting for a brand new park. Nice, but pretty basic. But really, I there for the game and not the park. The grass area is a little bit steeper than what I'm used to. Also the area to the left of center field isn't designed that well. You have to sit pretty far back to be able to see over the wall. All in all a good experience as long as you don't sit really close to center field. The biggest complaint is you cannot see the score board, at all. So you have no clue what the score is, what inning it is, anything. And there are no other smaller boards around the park for this info. Let's move on to the food. I ended up ordering from the pizza stand on the right field side. Lines weren't that long, but they did take a good amount of time. From the time I ordered my food (chicken strip basket) to when I got my food, it took more than 10 minutes. Food was nice and hot and pretty tasty. Not bad for $7. My friend just ordered fries and hers took just as long. On the way back to our seats we stopped at one of the carts in the left field side to get margaritas. I was not happy to find out they only take cash, despite the electronic cash register they had. I'm always disappointed this day and age when people can't take debit. Oh well, their loss. I guess I didn't really need alcohol :( Later in the game we went to sit in regular seats. About half-way between third base and the outfield wall. GREAT seats. Very roomy and comfortable. Very good view of the field. All in all, a great day at the ballpark! Not one of my faves in the valley. If it was closer, I'd go again. But I doubt I'll trek out that far again.
3	I remember once going into a newly refurbished bar with a friend of mine.  It was beautiful and clean, but she was unimpressed.  "I don't like it," she said.  "It doesn't have character yet." And so it is with Goodyear's new ballpark.  It's fresh and clean and oh-so-sterile. It doesn't even have advertising yet.And for now, it basically feels like an unfinished Chipotle restaurant.  Fake brown paneling, and lots of silver, gray, and clear tin and other galvanized materials.The positives: great sightlines, roomy concourse, and lots of amenities for kids, and ... it's a ballfield.The biggest negative: on the day we went, Cleveland pitchers gave up 17 runs against Milwaukee.  All while Hall of Famer Bob Feller, who recently turned 90, was watching from the stands. It was a miracle the old man didn't have a heart attack.
3	Ah yes! A new baseball park. I decided to make the trip from Chandler as it is my goal to see all the Spring Training sites. First, the ballpark seems to be out in the middle of no where and I found it slightly strange the seemingly abandoned planes adjacent. Okay. Traveling in there were slight detour signs and lots of cones. My first impression is that there was a lot of traveling around and that it was so new that they are still working out the "bugs".Parking = $5 = SUCKS!! Normally you can park around stadiums for free if you are crafty, but there didn't seem to be any alternatives close by. As I wanted to get it to the game I just paid it. One thing that was weird about the parking "lot" was that it was grass. I have my thoughts, but sort of cool. Walking up be prepared to wait in the ticket line. There were only a handful of ticket windows and they were running a tad slow. My friend and I went prepared to buy the lowest ticket, which was $8. We were then told at the counter they were running a outfield reserve for $6. We jumped on it. Our seat were 3 rows back on the 3rd base side. AWESOME! The stadium itself was sort of modern looking. Lots of metal and urban looking. I am not sure if I like it, but it was new, big, lots of shade and green! There is a huge grass picnic area with some tables and room to play catch. Food price is the same, beer prices are the same as everywhere else. Total cost for ticket, beer, parking, soda and hot dog was $24. Not bad. I will go here again simply for the fact that it is new. Far for me, but could be close to you.
3	For a new ballpark, I was sorely disappointed with Goodyear.  There are so many things that this park does wrong that it is really hard to give it a positive review but, at the same time, when it does something right, it can't be beat.Getting there is an adventure in itself.  Though the freeway signs tell you to take Bullard, don't be fooled, take Estrella Parkway and avoid the traffic.  There is plenty of parking at this stadium and none of it is free.  In the future, when the mall is built, there may be somewhere to park but for now, shell out your $5 to park.Walking to the park you have a different experience depending on which side you come in from.  The home plate entrance is marked with some sort of flattened baseball sculpture that is just hideous that sits atop a water feature.  The center field gate is horribly industrial and plain and provides little character.  All of the people are nice and helpful as you enter which is a big change compared to Peoria and Surprise.The most obvious thing about this park is its size.  It seems small compared to most but feels like a band box compared to the other new ballpark, Camelback Ranch.  This is great for the fan, however, and all of the seats are close and angled toward second-base.  Even the seats the flank the foul lines curve in to give the fan a great view.  This is one of the things this stadium does so well.  There isn't a park in the Cactus League that will get you closer and give you a better sight line than Goodyear.  The premium seats come in three varieties.  A shaded, padded, waited section a few rows behind the third base dugout is the best in the Cactus League.  The RF pavilion has an all-inclusive bar/food party deck space for a few more dollars.  Finally, the upper deck suits can give you a catered experience right on top of the action.  Goodyear gives the fans great places to watch the game.Unfortunately, those great seats are ruined in a few areas.  The first base line seats are shielded with plexi-glass making the fan feel like he is watching hockey instead of baseball.  This may be good for grandma, but real fans want to catch a ball & interact with players.  The grass seats, while on a decent slope, have no shade and sport some of the most obstructed views I've ever seen.  The only shaded spot is under the scoreboard.  It seems that Goodyear had some great ideas but suffers from poor execution.The food selection is meek compared to a lot of the parks but the vendor has a surprising variety of selections.  Pizza, subs, Mexican, and a good half-dozen kind of hotdogs round out the bulk of the non-standard baseball menu.  Prices are reasonable if not slightly cheaper than the competition.  I had a hotdog with cheese, bbq sauce, onions, and bacon ... it was pretty good.  The chicken tenders came with a few different sauces.  The soda even featured a "souvenir cup".The biggest thing that hampers Goodyear is the access to the players.  The practice field for the Indians is almost a mile down the road and closed off to the public (for the most part).  The players then take a bus to the stadium (thanks for goin green guys) and are dropped off at the clubhouse (under the RF seats).  When they come out, they appear from two doors (one for each team) in the RF wall and b-line across the field to their dugouts.  This keeps the players about as far away from the fans as possible which is really sad to an autograph junkie like myself.  You really have a better chance getting a player to sign hanging out in Scottsdale Fashion Square than you do at Goodyear.  I did see a few of the away team signing so all hope is not lost for them but the Indians players have to walk past the aforementioned plexi-glass that walls off the fans, making it even more difficult.In all, I can't hate Goodyear because the seats are so well laid out.  If you know where to sit, you can have a great time and really enjoy the game.  There are even kid-friendly areas beyond RF.  This stadium feels unfinished (ironic since it was done way before the immaculate Camelback Ranch) and may blossom into something wonderful as the Reds come to town and Westcor builds the surrounding mall.  Until then, it is a forgettable stadium in the scrolls of Cactus League parks, destined to go the way of Sun City and Compadre.
4	I see that everyone else has given this park rather hum drum reviews. We decided to venture out from our regular parks to see this new one and catch a Indians Rockies game. I cannot really say that we are huge fans of either team, but we both appreciate the sport and enjoy seeing baseball games and respect the talent on both teams. Goodyear is pretty easy to get in and out of. Not much around the park yet, just follow the exit off the freeway that says Goodyear Ballpark. It basically takes you straight to the stadium. Yes, there is a huge grass lot in front of the stadium that you have to park in, and you have to pay for it. $5. Ok so, I am cheap and it sucks to pay for parking, but it is pretty hard to find a stadium that does not charge. Surprise does not charge, but you have to drive forever on a regular street with lights to get there. Trade-offs. The stadium is new and very clean. It looks good. To me it did not look cheap and fabricated. It was a nice change from some of the other old parks. All of the seats are bucket seats. This is great! There is also a wonderful large grass area for sitting and catching balls during batting practice. You are so close to the players and they will throw balls up to you. The Indians typically will come out and sign autographs when they come into the park. Go down 1st base side in the 1st row and just wait with everyone else. They guys really seemed to spend a good amount of time signing and over half the people were able to get something. I got Grady Sizemore's autograph. I was happy.This park is also unusual in that they let you bring in outside food. No McDonalds or anything purchased like that, but they do allow sealed bottled water and homemade snacks and sandwiches. You will not find that at any other park that we have been to. There may be somewhere, but we have not found it yet. This is a really great option and makes up for the $5 parking.
4	This is a good ballpark. I noticed quite a few things that I like about it and very little negative marks. The one negative, however really sucks.They charge for parking, lets get that out in the open. I don't go to many spring training games, but I do know that I've been to games at Maryvale, Surprise, and Muni and have never paid for parking. Hell, to Muni I can ride the train which is great. Getting out of the parking lot is a pain in the ass. The game I went to had attendance of 4,000 and it took us 15 minutes to get out of the lot. We had a few encounters with westside trash on the way driving their lifted trucks trying to cut in line and use the size of the vehicle to intimidate me into letting them have their way. It didn't work. White trash, stop breeding, please. The stupid baseball sculpture outside invokes the emotion "WTF IS THAT?!" I truly hated it.Everyone we encountered at the park was very nice, especially in contrast to Surprise which employed some of the rudest and most gruff old men I'd ever come across. At least Goodyear had people welcoming and wishing a safe trip home. It shows they really want your business and want you to come back again. I like that. Most of the seats are in the shade, especially on the 3rd base side in the second half of the game. It seems the design has all the right seats in all the right places. They also have a great amount of lawn seating in the outfield. There truly isn't a bad seat in the place. If they get the parking under control, I'll be able to say this is probably the best place to watch a game in the Cactus League. For now though, I still like Maryvale for it's intimacy a little better. I posted a few pictures as well, hope you like them.
3	Not a bad spring training facility, i went and saw the reds vs the mariners it was a fun game but was so quite in the ball park you could hear people talking quitely in the next section over, and they didnt have threeways at the skyline vendor. I did however get to meet george foster the 77 MVP, good times. There ballpark is way out in goodyear if it was in phx or scottsdale i would prolly come back.
3	Goodyear Park is a brand new, pretty nice facility. The ballpark is intimate and all the seats are close to the action. However, there are some problems. Tickets are reasonably priced, with a lot of discounts available (local resident, senior, student, kids etc), but you have to pay for parking ($5). The city of Goodyear is so spread out that even if you stay in the closest hotels it's impossible to walk. The seats in the stadium are nice, all buckets, but not turned towards home plate, so you're constantly craning your neck to see the action. The video board is pretty limited, they didn't show any replays of the game and very limited info on the players. There was a pitch speed readout on the scoreboard but it wasn't activated.The park apparently has a bizarre policy where they don't accept vertical IDs, even if you are of age. I suspect this is because the workers there are too dimwitted to read them.  The city of Goodyear itself is pretty much what you'd expect for a brand new Phoenix suburb, plenty of tract housing and all the chain restaurants you could ever want. There's precious little in the way of local color.
5	Move over, Scottsdale Stadium!  Goodyear Park is my new favorite ballpark in the Cactus League.  The City of Goodyear has done a tremendous job building this facility.  They had to, I suppose, in order to convince both Ohio teams to call this place their spring training home away from home.Sure, getting here is a hassle.  It's a long and boring drive from Scottsdale or Phoenix to Goodyear, with no sights aside from an occasional Walmart or a Panda Express.  Actually, it's not that boring anymore now that some jackass installed speed cameras all over the place.  How am I supposed to drive there?  I can't drive 55!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz/valentine-one-cincinnati#hrid:r4fCvjXHZoZpMnJrjc-dWg).  I also see a lot of yelpers are complaining about $5 parking.  Seriously, people?  Do you know how much Fenway Park or Wrigley Field parking costs?  $5 to park behind the centerfield wall is a bargain!We came here last week for a Giants vs Indians game, and all five of us were impressed with the stadium.  It's built in the middle of nowhere, so there were clearly no space concerns.  The concourses are spacious and bright, with plenty of room to walk around.  The ballpark grounds include a large grassy area in left field where people can play catch and a real whiffleball field along the right field line!  There are whiffleball bats and balls for people to use, and you'd  better believe we took advantage of it!  Getting struck out by an 8-year-old is downright humbling, as most of us quickly found out.  We had a blast though.The real major league field is a sunken diamond with perfectly cut grass.  It's almost a shame that major league teams don't get to play there 11 months out of the year.  The seats are very comfortable, and there is plenty of room between the rows.  We sat 18 rows behind home plate, in the shade, so we definitely could not complain.  I am going to make it a point to come back to Goodyear during my 2011 annual pilgrimage to Arizona.Note: try the homemade ice cream from the cart in left field.  After the game, it's back to Scottsdale for the nightlife and gourmet food.
2	Goodyear, if you were an actual person I'd be very tempted to stab you in the eye.I haven't gotten a new, horizontal ID yet. My 21st b-day was in Oct. It's March. I'm lazy. I was was not allowed to buy alcohol here because of their liquor license. Just crap. Go F yourself...I guess this is an ok stadium. It seems pretty small though. Parking is wacky. We had to park on the overflow grass.Anyway, I'm a fan of any stadium with a roof & lots of shade. This place pretty much has neither.
1	Last night was the "Field of Screams" event at Goodyear Ballpark. In previous years, this event has been hosted by the City Park over on LItchfield and Thomas. It should have stayed there. This was the most disappointing event I have been to in a long time. They used the strip of grass around the field to set up rides, a few booths and.....well, that's about it. As far as the rides went, they had four...I think. Two were on the west side of the field and two were clear over on the east side of the field. In between were a couple booths. The ticket prices for the rides were ridiculous. You could pay ten dollars for unlimited rides...on four rides...so lame. The only food vendor, other than the outrageously priced ballpark vendors, was an ice cream truck. In years prior, there were so many vendors with delicious, reasonably priced food! There were games for the kids where they gave out candy as prizes. It was a great time. At the ballpark, you could buy food from the ballpark vendors if you wanted to pay $10 for a burger or $5 for a hot dog. If I were there watching a game, I'd expect to be gouged by the food prices. But NOT when I'm there for a family event. Also, in prior years, the costume contest was separated into age groups. The contest at the ballpark included everyone and only the top three got prizes. Cheap. Lame.Lastly, can I just say that someone should have been more conscious that this was a family-type event and not let 14 year old girls in see-through tights parade around the ball park? It's a shame that some girls are allowed to dress like that and NO ONE says anything. There was a girl there last night dressed in a skirt that ended just below her waist. She was wearing see-through red tights. You could see EVERYTHING. I could not believe how inappropriate that was. It's one thing if you are an adult, going to a private party with other adults. However, when you are a teenager, going to a family friendly event, you put some damn pants on.Shame on Goodyear. This was a poorly planned excuse to make a buck.
2	Goodyear Ballpark is a nice place to catch a spring training game.  Our favorite seats are in the Right Field Pavillion.  You can enjoy hamburgers, hot dogs, chips, shredded chicken barbeque, cookies and unlimited non-alcoholic drinks all for $30.This ballpark is good for like once a year visit for spring training.  Its too far but it is very fan friendly. Plenty of activities for the little ones.  You can still catch all the action while roaming around the ballpark.Again, nice place to catch a game but nothing special unless acourse you love the Reds and Indians.My recommendation is make the trek out there buy a lawn seat and then sit anywhere you want.  Never any big crowds.  The night we went there was 4,000 plus.  Earlier in the week they only had a little over 2,000.
4	* I want to give this a 3.5This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.I grew up with baseball, and everything about the game makes gets me excited & makes me feel like a kid again (except the beer).  Being outside, sunny-cool weather, the smells, the sounds, and especially the food.  I was actually looking forward to the trip to Goodyear because I heard they had two regional foods from the two host teams - Bertman's Mustard (a delicacy they only serve in the Cleveland Indian's Ballpark) & Skyline Chili Dogs - from Cincinnati).The drive wasn't half bad...for a Sunday!  I cannot believe they charge $5 to park, but at least it's easy to park and walk to the stadium.The stadium itself is smaller than some of the others (seats like 4-5K), but that's OK.  It had a cozy intimate feel, and all the fans are really into the game.There are no bad seats in the house from what we could see walking around, and if you sit in the left field lawn, you've got a killer backdrop of mountains behind the stadium.Then, there was the food.  I actually starved myself a bit so I could eat two hot dogs there.  The food was as good as I hoped.  If you have never had Skyline Chili (much less on a hot dog), you are missing out.The park, the fans & the food make it feel like a real community team, and even though Goodyear is a HAUL from Phoenix, it was a great way to spend opening day.  Didn't hurt they had parachute dudes drop in for opening day festivities...
4	Not only is this the closest park to us, it's one of our favorites for sure!Good seating, good view, it's baseball (enough said), good selections of consumables and fiendly staff!Can't wait for next March - and may just have to try out a rookie or Arizona league game this year too!
4	Very fun and clean place.  Not a bad seat in the house.  Great access to players for autographs.  Concessions were good, but of course over priced.  A great day and place to watch baseball
4	I live in Washington, but visit this ballpark every Spring with my family and we absolutely love it! The concessions are good. The staff is "very" friendly. Seat prices are reasonable. Home of the Cleveland Indians & the Cincinnati Reds. A must see if you're in Goodyear
3	Went here during Spring Training 2011 while I was on tour and happened to be driving through Phoenix on a day when the Reds were taking on my beloved Oakland Athletics. The place is a cookie cutter stadium that could fit a minor league team or a as it is, for a Spring Training facility. There is very little uniqueness to the place, from the dirt parking lot to the concession stands. Nothing really screams Reds or Indians. Could be that it is a shared stadium or that the city of Goodyear uses it year round for numerous other events. Either way, nothing bad about the place, but nothing that will have you pining to return year after year, assuming you're not a fan of the teams that play there.
3	This park will go down in my memory as the Spring Training facility that allowed me to watch a dozen nut jobs take part in a fried fish eating contest while sitting in the 90+ degree sun. Sound appetizing? Didn't think so.That aside, it's a very nice ballpark and I would go frequently... if I lived in the middle of nowhere.  Sorry Goodyear, I consider you the middle of nowhere. The only reason I got to go to a game here was because I finished with my last student of the day in that area on a Friday at 1pm and figured it'd be my last chance to catch a game at this stadium this season. It was cheap, only $8 for a lawn seat, but I had whatever pick I wanted for seat as the stadium was probably less than half full. There were probably a dozen people in the lawn area. Not great people watching.The food was reasonably priced for a stadium and they even had a stand for Skyline Chili along the left field foul line. WIsh I knew about that before I bought my chili cheese dog. It's a little bit of Ohio right here in AZ, for whatever that's worth. Not much, I know.
3	If you don't mind the drive, this is a good place to watch a game.  Fair prices on tickets, food and drinks.  Not anything to do surrounding the ballpark like bars or restaurants.
4	Came here for a spring training game, had a great time. Hot dogs were yummy, drinks were fresh... unfortunately we got overcharged for our stuff and it wasn't worth the hassle to wait in line for the five extra bucks we were charged.Really wish there was more shading over the seat behind first plate.
4	I went to the Goodyear Ballpark to check out the Cleveland Indians play the Cincinnati Reds. My whole mom's side of the family is from Cleveland, but I now have one cousin who lives in Cinci...so I didn't feel guilty about cheering for both teams throughout the game.Compared to other spring training ball parks I've been to in the Valley, the Goodyear one was pleasant but also sort of bizarro. Parking was excellent, ample and close to the stadium (forget that in Scottsdale), but there was really no one there. Throughout the ballpark, it seemed as though only the first five rows in each section had sold.Lucky for me, I had a front row seat, and that meant my own personal waiter. In Goodyear, all the patrons in the first two rows get their own waiters, so no need to miss playing action while you're up getting a pretzel-someone will bring it to you.Something else I really liked about the ballpark was the abundance of giveaways and between-inning games that were played. I felt constantly entertained, so if you want to go to a spring training game but have to drag along someone who doesn't enjoy the greatness of baseball, Goodyear has something for everyone.This stadium also took me by surprise because the playing field was below ground level, something I've never seen before but thought was really cool. It was like we were sitting in a giant hole in the ground, and I liked it.The game tied 10-10, and it was a good way to end spring training season. Now, how about a World Series championship, D-Backs?
4	Bring your sunscreen!
4	Well this is spring training facility #8 for me....only 2 left to visit (Mesa and Phoenix Municipal stadium). I know most all of the Spring Training facilities I have visited are fairly small but this one seemed smaller than most. This location is in the middle of Nowhere but that is not unusual because most of these parks are. However this one is quiet....very clean....and very quaint. The atmosphere is definitely not as raucous as other spring training facilities perhaps because the Reds and Indians play here...LOL!!! Despite the Reds success last year and some past success by the Indians there has not been much to cheer about for these 2 franchises in quite awhile. However with that being said it has a very nice team store.....decent food....and friendly staff. So I am sure for those folks who live in Goodyear this is a good ballpark to come to and just enjoy a nice afternoon despite the baseball. If you don't live near here I would go elsewhere because it is not that special enough to make a long drive like I did. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	Good park, too bad the city has messed up the traffic control so bad. Stay away unless you have an extra hour to sit on line for parking.
4	For the past three years, the official kickoff of Spring Training has been a trip to Goodyear Ballpark to see the Reds/Indians.  I don't live anywhere near this stadium, or know anyone from Cincinnati or Cleveland, but traditions don't necessarily have to make sense...The stadium is something that Goldilocks would like - not too big, not too small.  It is just right.  Plenty of seating in both sun and shade, a variety of concessions and pretty good beer prices as compared to other stadiums.  Clean restrooms, too!  There is a miniature baseball diamond with plastic balls & bats for kids (and adults who act like kids, ahem, me) to enjoy.  The ballpark even has its own mascot, Izzy, and skydivers to bring in the American and Arizona flags for opening weekend.  Pretty cool!Sadly, this is the nicest stadium that nobody visits.  I have yet to see a crowded game.  I am guessing that if it were located anywhere but Goodyear (a bit of a drive!) it would be more popular.  Start your own Spring Training tradition and make it out to Goodyear!!
5	Had a blast!  Came to see the Cubs and Indians.  Great seats, fairly cheap, everywhere is near the field.  They even had the Bob Feller museum reps on hand, selling signed memorabilia for cheap! Overall, a great experience for any baseball fan.  Hope to be back next Spring.
4	Came here for the fall festival ... nice ball park and enjoyed the festival!
4	I came here for a Dodgers vs. Reds night spring training game during March 2014, and this place was great.  The weather was perfect in the 70s, and lots of good angles to view the game no matter where you were standing/sitting.  The scoreboard isn't as interactive/nice as Salt River Field in Scottsdale (doesn't have the lineups listed or batting averages), and the food options are less extensive too.  But they do have a pretty decent Cinncinnati chili dog rendition in the right field hot dog (coney) cart.  The dessert options including Kona shaved ice, a few ice cream options and regular candy, kettle corn fare.  If you are staying in Phoenix, do note that this place is 30 miles from Phoenix, so it will take you some time to get out here.  I would return if interested in seeing a diferent field and one of the Ohio baseball clubs.
5	Very well taken care of. Cushion seats. Easy parking. Downside it's location, but I will be willing to drive out here again.
5	Loved this ballpark. Spring training March 5, 2014 Reds/Dodgers night game. Easy to park and walk to the gate. Friendly, helpful staff. Great food! Fun, fun, fun!!
3	I may be a big baby, but this ball field needs some shade. There are almost no places in this park with shade. I went to a game here with the husband and Erin B and her husband. We got lawn seats. Driving out here was a bit of a trek, very far and out in the middle of a dirt field. The wind was kicking the dirt everywhere. When we got there we found that we had to pay 5$ to park.... well, nothing you can do about that now. Then we found our seats on the very small, very steep lawn. Unfortunately, since there is no shade in the park and the lawn faces where the sun typically is around 1 pm, it was hard to see the game, let alone sit through the game with the sun beating down on you. The one benefit to this park? Free sunscreen in the bathrooms... good thing too, I needed it pretty bad. Despite this, I don't think I would see another day game here.
3	Goodyear was our first park we went to for Spring Training and so it has a sentimental place in my heart :) Compared to some of the other big beauties (Cubs Park & Salt River Fields), this park seems small.  The seating is drenched in sun and lacking in coverage.  The scoreboard isn't too glitzy, but does the job.  It costs $5 to park, but it is the only park I actually parked in a paved lot!! All I saw in the way of food was beer, dogs and snow cones.  If there was other stuff I missed it!  It is basic, but it is well cared for!  Hey, it MLB Spring Training, it has that special vibe!
3	Great place nice staff and a fun day the food is less the average not like the giants ball park.
4	It's hard not to like Goodyear. It was our first park on our first game of our first Spring Training trip. Lots of firsts involved year. Loved our seats (in the shade after the first 30 minutes) and thought the food and beer selection was pretty good.Parking wasn't too bad, and a very short walk to the park. Great game. Can't go wrong!
4	Yes, this ballpark is out of the way compared to the other stadiums in the Phoenix area. But for me, coming from LA, it's on the way!Great ballpark, not super packed which is kinda nice and always a good time at a Spring Training game! We ordered the Corn Dog which was soooo good! The batter was nice and tasty and perfectly cooked. One of the best ones I've ever had actually! They have very friendly employees here, easy parking, and a guy with a cart to pick you up at your car and take you to the gates. Very cool! The Reds and Indians play here so not a huge fan base here but this is a great ballpark and one to check off the list. Will be back though for sure!
3	Nice fields. Best time to be coaching/playing in the games is either first thing in the morning or late at night after 7p. During the day its hard to even concentrate with the weather at 110'+.
5	Fun place to be...esp.during spring training time. If you're into getting autographs it's easy here during spring training. I'm not even that into sports but I'm originally from Ohio and my friend (ohio friend) comes here esp.for spring training (she loves the Cleveland Indians who train here along with the Cincinatti Reds).  The amount of signatures and pics of players we've gotten over the years is amazing.  The games are fun to watch...I just chill and drink a margarita. The whole ball park is so family friendly. They do events. My family enjoys the halloween event.
