4	I'm shopping for a Vespa...the gas prices are maddening. I have been to a few places around town, but nowhere has compared to the service I got at the Vespa dealership.The scooters they carry are top-of-the-line, which translates to a steeper price tag. I'm also a newbie to this scooter thing, so it's nice talking to someone who has the kind of expertise the folks at the Vespa store have. The owner recommended a smaller model to me because I'm a small-framed woman, which I appreciated. None of the other dealers I've spoken with have noticed that I'm small and might have trouble managing a larger model. They also offer payment plans...or at least they did before the economy collapsed. They'll work on scooters as well, which is a rare and wonderful thing. All the advantages of buying a car from a dealership are true of buying a scooter...and when I finally get my finances together to make the leap into being a member of the scooter class, I'm going to Vespa.
5	After moving here from Los Angeles, I was glad to see that there was a Vespa dealership here. Everytime that I have gone in to Vespa of Charlotte, the staff has been super friendly and have been able to service my bike quickly! Clay, the salesman, had about a dozen suggestions for places to eat lunch while I waited...I might have to try one of them next time I am there for service :o)
4	The guys at Vespa of Charlotte are really nice and always helpful. A couple weeks ago I stopped by for a helmet on my way to buying a used Vespa GTS250ie from Motorcycles of Charlotte. Not only did they help this total 2-wheel n00b choose the right helmet but upon finding out about my plans at the motorcycle place, they even put in a considerable amount of time entering the VIN # into various databases and making calls to make sure I wasn't buying a lemon. They weren't able to tell me for sure if mine was part of a recall but described what the recall was for and said to bring it by and they'd fix it for free. I know that's standard for recalls but it's nice to know I have a certified Vespa dealer/mechanic so close who can do the repair.I always feel a little guilty going into a place just for research knowing I'm not going to buy from them. They spend all this time answering my inane questions and I leave without buying a thing. I must have done it here half a dozen times before finally getting the helmet. I really like this shop and if I had an extra couple grand to spend on a new Vespa, I'd have bought it here. But they didn't seem to mind at all that I was taking my business elsewhere. I guess they know I'll be back for accessories and service for years to come. With these guys, I suspect it will be a pleasure.
5	The mechanic is good. Nice shop with nice Vespa and Piaggio.
4	I've gotten my 2004 Vespa ET4 serviced here a few times for a tune-up, state inspection, and most recently to get a new engine starter. She's running good as new. From what I was told they only use genuine Piaggo parts on Vespas. No third party stuff. All service and parts are under warranty. If you've broken down and don't have the means to get your scooter to the shop they will offer a pick-up for a very small fee compared to calling a tow truck. Which I think is a plus especially if you're not close in proximity. Mike, the owner, and Bryan, the Vespa technician, are both very knowledgeable, friendly and definitely want you to be satisfied. They also seem to be honest guys. Prices seem a bit on the high end, but hey, it's an official Vespa and Genuine Scooters dealer and the only one around the area that seems to be reliable and know their stuff.
