4	Gold Diggers just opened on the second floor of the Golden Nugget in the Fremont Street Experience.The bar and club is one long room that goes from dance floor to bar, to lounge area, and then out into an open air area overlooking Fremont street.The bar area has a dance stage featuring "go-go" dancers. The club provides bottle service, a variety of specialty cocktails and beer.The dance floor has a stage large enough for live music, the night we were there a  DJ was providing the music for the evening.This bar and club is a very nice concept and it looks as if The Nugget is doing it's best to compete with the club offerings found on the strip.The club stays open till 2A M most evenings and 4 A M  on weekends.A welcome addition to the Fremont experience.Looks to be a great time .........once the word gets out about this club.
4	I don't frequent Fremont Street much, so imagine my surprise when I heard the music booming from Gold Diggers at the Golden Nugget.  I've been meaning to check out the hotel with their new upgrades and shark tank by the pool.  (It's pretty cool, I'd be interested in going down the slide and seeing sharks swim by me!)First off, Gold Diggers overlooks Fremont Street so you get a fabulous spot for people watching.  I was skeptical since I was in sneakers and didn't want to pay a cover just to check it out.  I guess it was slow that Saturday night because we walked right on in.  (I think they usually have a dress code and probably charge.)  Walking to the back, you'll pass the bar with go-go dancers shaking their thing behind the bar.  The dance floor is along the back, along with some sectioned off areas.  If you walk to the front that faces Fremont Street, you'll see an open air patio that provides a nice relief when it gets too hot in there.  And there's a lounge area you can kick back at too.The cool thing is that they play music videos - old school music videos that go along with the music they are playing!  How cool is that?!  They need more TVs or projectors so everyone can see these videos make an appearance.And yes, the clientele is definitely 'different,' I would say they are the downtown-type.  This can be a good or bad thing, depending on what you're expecting.  For that night, it worked and provided us an entertaining evening.  I had plenty of room to dance my butt off  without bumping into people left and right.  Everyone was super-friendly and was just there to have a good time, not the pretentious type at all.  Our guy friend was dancing his butt off and he was giving such a good show that everyone wanted to dance with him!  Some guys even gave him money to buy himself a drink 'cuz he was entertaining them.  I wasn't too impressed with how the go-go dancers make money here though.  People roll up their bills and throw it on the stage.  So you can image how degrading it looks when the girl finishes her shift and is crawling on the floor looking for her rolled up dollar bills.  (What happened to a tip jar?)
4	In general, downtown Las Vegas sucks. The strip is great, but the fremont experience just isn't that cool. However there is 1 hotel which isn't a complete dump, and that is the golden nugget. So naturally the night club is pretty decent as well.Gold Diggers doesn't offer up the same swank/attractions of clubs on teh strip like tryst or tao, but for downtown it's great. They make mean drinks, and the dancers are smokin hot. And how can you not love the fact there is an outside patio overlooking fremont.
3	I never even knew this place was there, but spyonvegas.com had their Open Bar there a few weeks ago.  Golden Nugget as a whole is so out of place in downtown Las Vegas that I wasn't surprised by this club.  It was an average bar/club for the strip, but in downtown, this place was super nice.  It has a great balcony that overlooks the debauchery of downtown Vegas.  Drinks were terrible, though, but they were free.  I can't see myself ending up here again, though... clientle was very odd, and other than the hot go-go dancers, I didn't see one attractive lady.
4	I love downtown Las Vegas, and when i am not at the glitter gulch getting my $1 motorboats or shooting the craps at the plaza then i am lounging at Gold Diggers at the World Famous Golden Nuggett. Gold Diggers is like your local hometown pub with an awesome balcony view of Fremont coupled with a modern style bar with LCD flat screens. Best part is there is no cover!I prefer the local scene a hell of a lot better than the touristy strip, theres nothing fun about traveling 4 hours from LA to party in vegas with a bunch of folks from LA and paying more money then you would have just staying in LA..... seriously haha.
4	Good fun over here!     Free admission to top it off! =)  The atmosphere is 'relaxed' with a electric group of people who are  just simply here to get their 'buzz' on.  Try to work you way out to patio and chill on the outside balcony and overlook the craziness that happens on Fremont St.      You might even be in time, at the top of the hour, to catch the light show up above.  *** What I love about this place is that the DJ's spin DVD videos - NOT records or CD's.    So there is a bunch of LCD TV's all around the bar that display the artists' videos that is syncronized with the music you hear bumping on their sound system.    It's alot more fun to see the video when the music is bumping - you feel like you are part of the video.  gets you really in the mood to party!              Hey, I'm dancing w/ Janet Jackson at one moment and then Mariah Carey the next.      Sweet!
4	Read in a local mag that this bar/small club had a Latin music night on Thursdays, and I'm always down for getting my salsa on.  Made it to the base of the stairs of this establishment at around 11pm, however, and I didn't here the rhythmic spiciness of Latin music, but, ....."...All my exes, live in Texas, and that's why I live in Tennessee."Yup, the NFR (National Finals Rodeo) took over Latin Night.  It was alright though.  the crowd was chill and fun.  My friend's a little country, so he was able to do some two-steppin' with a buckle bunny.  I watched them and people watched.  After a while, the music flipped to some R&B/hip hop.  Man, I saw a skinny a$$ cowboy with huge 10-gallon cowboy hat do some two-steppin craziness to "Promiscuous Girl".  Funny as hell.The balcony overlooking Fremont was interesting.  People had some mardi gras beads and were throwing them at passersby (in hopes of inducing the proper act, if you know what I mean).Guess I'll try Latin Night next time.
2	2 stars b/c the music was pretty good, and no cover. We were "VIP guests", which basically meant we got to ride the elevator up and we got 2 free drinks. Well, we were supposed to get 2 free drinks - for the place not being that busy I couldn't get a bartender to come take my order, no matter what I did. I have no idea who they were making drinks for either, it was not anyone at the actual bar. Ha they were making drinks for no one, they were just practicing lol. Nice view from the balcony, and the bathrooms were pretty nice according to my husband. We didn't stay long. I gave my free drink tickets to a girl coming in on my way out, so at least they'd get used. My husband and I sat down at a slot machine close to the entrance and had a drink within a few minutes, and I didn't have to do anything ridiculous. Plus the drinks were strong, so unless you just want to dance with the drunk ,middle-aged crowd you might skip this place and get a free drink downstairs.
5	I was very apprehensive of hanging out at old town but was forced to go there for a bachelorette weekend.  We ended up having SO MUCH FUN!!! No snobby bouncers or lines where you have to either pop your boobs out or drop bills.....  No lines that went on indefinitely.... No drinks that cost over $10.... This was a very fun place and while it's nothing like the strip it is much easier to get in, drink and just have a good time.
3	Stayed at the Golden Nugget for a friend's b-day celebration and we wanted a really low key night, so Gold Diggers was suggested because, one: it's in the hotel we were staying in, and two: it's cheap and not pretentious. I like the look of the place, modern, fairly small, but everything is new and shiny. There is a patio overlooking Fremont St, a bar, and a dance floor. Lots of places to sit, which is good. (as we all know, a lot of places make you pay VIP to sit, but not Gold Diggers. Yay!) There was such a mix of people there, it's hard to describe. Middle aged business men getting their groove on while away from the wifey, Young girls in groups just wanting to dance and not be bothered by dudes, Couples in love slow dancing to fast songs...The clientele is a lot more...diverse that it is on the strip, with all kinds of people, which kind of made it interesting...not all the cookie cutter types. (but if you are looking for glamour puss girls or metro guys, this is probably not your scene. No bouncer at the front picking and choosing who he wants to let in, which is awesome.) The DJ spun a mix of 70's, 80's, 90's and Top 40. He changed the songs a little too soon for my taste, (Only got about 30 seconds of a song) but I guess everyone has ADD so that's how it has to be., lol...I would come here again if I wanted to dance and not worry about getting all swankified for the Strip. Very chill place to mingle and get your groove on.
4	I went here this past February for a friend's birthday, and I can't wait to go back.  I love to dance, but I don't like having to get all dressed up, wait in line, pay $20 cover etc. to get into a club on the Strip that will be too crowded to even dance.  I believe locals are free before 10 or 11pm, after that cover is $10 for guys and $5 for girls.  We were able to grab a table almost immediately (bottle service not required!) which was refreshing.  The crowd is not the typical crowd you'll see on The Strip; I doubt anyone was celebrating their 21st birthday here.  I can't comment on the patio area or drink prices since I spent most of my time on the dance floor, and I can't wait to do it again.
3	was out with friends visiting LV over Easter weekend. decided to go to Fremont, Easter night. Needless to say, it was a bit slow. Probably the one weekend a year when a guy/gal would have little chance taking off to Vegas... All the same. We went up to see if the place was any good. First, no cover, just use the elevator and youre in the door. No dress code. We were in jeans and such. There were others that were wearing less quality attire... no big. Ordered a margarita from the bar. He asked me if I wanted it blended. I told him yes, and got it on the rocks. I asked what was up, he said they do not have blenders...hmmm. Also, my corona was in a can (?)... ok out to the balcony. That was the best spot in the place. can watch the crazies down on the street and have a great view of the show overhead. the dance floor was small-ish. DJ said he did playlist only, no requests. I would like to go back when it is more busy. Should be fun. All in all, not a horrible dive, nice crowd, slightly older. Music was a nice mix of 80's with some recent hits stuck in the sets. I am not one for paying tons for a cover or a lot for drinks. This place was a-ok... i will go back.
4	Great club. Great view of Freemont street. Cheap enough drinks. Great DJ playing some jams on the inside.
4	I like clubs. I like clubs even more when they aren't Mega.I like clubs that I can wear sneakers in.I like downtown.I like the Golden Nugget.This all adds up to a winning formula.Seriously, this isn't one of the big fancy club for the kids, it's more of an adult scene that is fun, cheap and not so pretentious.Hanging out on the patio overlooking Fremont is cool. As cheesy as downtown is, this place is a blast.
4	I like to get my groove on and this is a great place to do that without having to get too dolled up.The age group here is a little older than your typical Las Vegas club and the music definitely shows it, but that's the fun of this place. There are music classic  from the 70's 80's and even current music. I love that.It's a more casual alternative. I can last longer on the dance floor when I'm wear flats or even sneakers. Yay!Love it when I'm Downtown.
4	I find this place quite interesting since it's not the typical, bousie club/lounge you would find on the strip. And interesting I enjoy; bousie not so much. Gold Diggers is somewhat hidden at the Gold Nugget. You have to go up the stairs to find it. First off, the times I've been to Gold Diggers, the bouncers AREN'T dicks or are minimal dicks and appear to lack egos. This is few and rare in the Valley. Second, this is the most diverse crowd you will get a chance to interact with. The people that come here can be bousie (not as much as on the strip though), can be very modest, come from all different cultural backgrounds as well as different shapes/ages/sexual orientation etc.! I think this is awesome considering I'm all for diversity :). Third, what makes this place even more interesting is the music they play. Music is from a wide range of decades and genres that include the 70's and even country. I like Gold diggers because drinks are cheap compared to other places, (I believe I paid 6-8 bucks for a jack and coke), the bartenders and cocktail servers are pretty yet have minimal/lack pretentiousness, the bathroom design and interior is pretty impressive for this kind of place and the patio overlooking freemont st. is pretty cool. It's too bad that there aren't many places like this in Vegas...
3	DJ's were dope dope dope with old school and new school video dj'ing, and the mixing skills were on point! I was the only one on the dancefloor for about 20 min, and there werent too many people on a Thursday night! If they promoted this better it would be fun to see more people there! Good vibe!
4	Who doesn't wanna cut rug to good feel good 7th grade dance beats to unwind? If you do and aren't dressed like a casting call for jersey shore this could possibly be your place. First and foremost Gold Diggers could possibly be the stallion amongst mules of The Fremont Experience. The free shows out on The Experience once staked its claim as Down Towns king of fun cheap entertainment. But thanks to the ACLU the Experience has become a haven for homeless drunks and street performers. Not that I'm against the residentially challenged, or overweight men dressed as super heros looking for a hand out. I just don't want to see it if I'm gonna make the drive to Down Town to go have some fun, I would rather not see my child hood heros being portrayed by chemically dependent degenerates. But after you make your way to the Nugget and take a walk upstairs you will be greeted by a doorman checking ID's. Its generally free for locals and only recently have been charging ten bones for men. Which I must admit at first I was taken back by. But then remembered a few instances where I found myself wishing they did have a cover to keep out a few of the smelly bums that caroused their way into the bar. After I asked why they had the cover I was advised it was for the summer months. Which I was all the more pleased because vagrants get gamey in the Las Vegas summer heat. The music at Gold Diggers is always awesome. You want it they have it. They play a lot of 80's music which to me is always a plus. The drinks are not as pricy as you will find on the strip but then again they are not the same liquid bargains you will get at the Fiesta henderson. If the drink price is an issue then go get a quart of Miller High Life at the ABC store and pre game on your walk to the Nugget. The outdoor patio over looks the Experience and when the show comes on is well worth the walk out to take in the lights over the crowd. The crowd is always kick back and is a glimpse of "every day Americans" taking their vacation. They are just out to have a good time. Gold Diggers is not about status so you can stroll in in jeans and a t-shirt if you please. Its always fun to hit the dance floor and see everything from lady in a pink camo Browning hunting t-shirt to the foreign girls dressed for Tao Night Club. Regardless the atmosphere is good the music will take you back the days of walkmans and stone washed jean jackets and to top it off the remodeling the Nugget did was phenomenal.  So you don't feel like your walking on the same carpet and tile that Anthony Spilotro did. Gold Diggers is always a place on the consideration list when I wanna get out for the night.
3	If you like rocking out to Ice, Ice BABY and BABY GOT BACK  Then this is the place for you.
5	Great place, the staff is great and the manager Ramone is really nice.
4	Didn't even know there was a nice lounge like this Downtown, but while we were admiring the light show, looking up, we noticed it. We stopped in for a few drinks and the servers were beautiful and really nice. The atmosphere is modern and clean. The balcony overlooks the Downtown strip and you can watch the light show and the bands playing from there - its the perfect view! So, grab a drink (or more) and enjoy the show!
4	Balcony looking over freemont, loose women,  strong drinks,  Rotating DJs spin top 40 hits Dance, Dance, Dance the night away!  Stopped here a few times  with the Hubby!  "Good times" I lol at the name because my husbands ex-wife is convinced I am a gold digger, naw not me, I just love my men like my wine aged and matured with developed flavor.  Apparently I am worth 24 mill, 7 cars, and a versace china set.    By the way you're still young, single, beautiful and loaded you should travel more and yelp about it.
3	It's not fancy, it's not ever that crowded, it's not even made of gold. One thing about Golden Nugget's transformation over the years is their quest of becoming the toast of the downtown scene, something they've done rather quite well. Gold Digger's is an example of their image revamp from one of Vegas' most classic hotels to one of the premier hotel resorts in the area. It's a solid place to get the night kickin and a fairly non-pretentious venue just north of the strip.I once confused this place as an adult venue, expecting a different kind of dancing. But this is a happenin place on the weekend, though albeit a tad touristy, typically featuring an older crowd that are trying to get their dance on. They don't usually discriminate too often, hence the crowd is usually fairly diverse. The place is bigger than it looks and is reasonably clean, which is a plus for any club in Vegas.The music is usually a DJ spun fiasco, composed of hip hop and top 40 hits. If people aren't drinking, they're usually dancing at Gold Diggers. Even though it's open late, their busiest times are usually toward the beginning of the night. The drinks pack their own punch due to a good pour from the bartenders, but feel spendy in this part of town.And usually the bartenders do a stand up job at keeping the crowd at bay from going over board. The staff is an attractive bunch of young folks trying to make it happen in the city of sin, without engaging in the annoying 'tude that is usually prevalent in LV nightlife. As for actual gold diggers, it seems they're out and about on the streets , than they are stirring trouble up in this joint.
4	We were here early on Thanksgiving night, so the place was empty. I can imagine the place being better in the summer when it's warmer and when its later in the evening. Go here for a few drinks before hitting another club in Vegas
3	Came here with my sis on Christmas Eve to check out the Fremont Experience. Very nice people. Prefer Hip hop music to dance but it's ok. Very empty but I'm sure it'll be full during warm evenings. Will come again during the summer.
3	I recently went here after a friend suggested it for my 30th Birthday during a softball tournament. There is a few mixed messages about cover charges. My teammates had to pay $5.00 and my coach had to pay $10, however other friends did not have to pay that arrived later. It may of been because it was the weekend and there was some kind of "After Party" there but there was not that many places for you to stand unless you were there earlier than we were. A friend actually suggested that we get this booth for a min. of $200.00 in drinks, which was possible for the crew I was with, however there were some people that snuck into the spot and ordered drinks on my tab (awesome diligent friends). But the music was great, someone was on Stand-by to clean up any spilled drinks. Some people in my' group also got to get up on the pole. All in All a good time.
3	Interesting place. Great place for anyone and everyone to enjoy the view of Fremont St, have a drink, dance, and not feel out of place. Drinks weren't too insane, staff was really friendly, music was pretty good, and everyone looked like they were having a good time. By everyone, I do mean everyone. The balcony is fun to do some people watching. Fun place to stop by when you're downtown, wanna dance to some Top 40, and get away from the costumed characters (or watch the costumed characters without them watching you too).
3	Jesus H., probably the asshole of Las Vegas. Okay, let me take that back. I was sober when I walked in here. If I was drunk, then I think my review would be different.  First off, let's face it; it's Downtown LV, so the crowd here is a little different. My friend and I paid $10 to get in. There are stripper poles above the bar that were being manned by some drunken forty year old chicks that were dressed like they were twenty-one. There's a cool balcony where you can see all the crazies down below. The dance floor is small but manageable. There are little booths on the side that look like they can be reserved, as well as tables that are free for everyone.  If you are drunk and looking for "easy pickings" then this is your place.
2	definitely not my scene, but i was with a group, and i didn't want to be a killjoy...the two stars is for not having to pay the cover, yet if you are in to hip hop crap and top forty, no-talent "music", then by all means, you will enjoy this place. i will admit that i did enjoy the diversity of the crowd, as it was all ages. it's not a place i would willingly go to again, and definitely a place you can skip while downtown.
3	This is more of a low end night club, more on the casual side. You will see some tourists there and meet some interesting and not so interesting people but as a girl, you might also get a little harassed by random guys. If you enjoy it, then this is the place to go, otherwise its just Ok. Drinks are almost as expensive as on the strip, well-drinks were around $11 and imported beer was $6. Music wasn't so much my type, but I was in good company and still enjoyed myself and had a good time.
3	I was genuinely surprised by this place. A little confusing to get into, though. There is a staircase that is blocked by stanchions. Some people walked through them, we were not allowed to. We were directed to the front of the entrance (elevator) and told there was a cover charge unless we walked about 10 paces outside of the Golden Nugget, were given a free pass that they were handing out to everyone with hands and came back. We did the required physical challenge and were granted free access. The patio overlooking Fremont Street Experience (the idea is rumored to be ripped off from the D, but this one was better) was nice, although very hot. I know it's summer in Las Vegas and all, but some misters or fans would be excellent. The bartenders were alright, nothing amazing there. The drink prices were pretty steep for Downtown, but my rum and diet was worth it's weight. We found ourselves a little table inside and took it all in for a few hours. The crowd that came in changed by the quarter hour. Young hipster folk, bikers and hair-rockers, middle aged tourists the whole bit. Everyone seemed to be having a blast which lead to great people watching fodder. There was a few ladies with  feathers and stilts doing maybe a modern dance exhibition (it was odd). We were there for maybe an hour and half and they repeated the same set twice. Service inside was great as our waitress was very attentive, but not pushy, which I liked. The best thing about this entire place? The DJ. I have no idea whose Macbook was plugged in, but he was excellent. A great mix of Top 40, indie, super pop, the whole bit. If you are looking for somewhere on Fremont where you can dance and feel 'above it all' check it out.
4	I stayed at the Golden Nugget Hotel for the 1st time and i am no fan of old town Vegas. However, I must say that this club was so fun. I loved the music that they played . It was music from the mid 90's to now. The crowd was a mix of late 20's to 50's  and despite the age gap everyone was dancing and just having a great time! A very good fun vibe for all ages, especially if your not up to going to the Vegas strip clubs. The night before i went to 1OAK in the Mirage Hotel and i had just as much fun at this place as i did the night before at 1OAK. Drinks are still pricey but in the end it was a lot of fun for my husband and I. Since we are married  we weren't looking to hook up obviously, maybe if I was single i would care more of what was in the crowd, but i am not :) so had a blast at this club to my surprise!!
3	This reminded me of small dingy bars back home... its really just a bar with a small dance floor and everyone is in jeans and a casual shirt. We managed to get a table, so it was nice to not have to stand the entire time we were there, but the crowd was just awkwardly different... you got old people with mullets dancing awkwardly, middle age couple grinding on the dance floors (come on, they had to be someone's mom and dad, grinding just isn't appropriate after a certain age! lol), and obese chicks shaking their junk everywhere lol (who am i kidding, that happens everywhere, but come on ladies... have some class and respect for yourself and cover your shit up). There were some normal people too though, so its not all THAT bad haha... as for me... I'm one of the few that sits out and watches everyone make an ass out of themselves. The music... aye, the music wasn't that great, but after a few beers...meh, who cares!?
3	I can't pretend to be a club expert since I'm 42 and rarely go out and shake my money maker, but I've been to a few clubs in my day and this one lands squarely on MEH.  First off, it's downtown at the Golden Nugget.  This means you'll be out with the freaks that like their Vegas with a hint of ghetto mixed in.  The folks that populate this place do so because they were given a card on Fremont that says they get in free and get 2 for 1 drinks.  So don't expect to go here and see "the pretty people"...hell I was there, so that should tell ya something.  But the same things that work against this place also provide some perks.  It's downtown, so nobody is there.  It's not going to be terribly crowded and you won't need to know the roidhead at the door to get in.  Since it's not slam packed, you can actually find room on the dance floor instead of squeezing in and getting side ass freaked all night by some humanoid at a crowded club.  They also have a patio bar outside that overlooks Fremont St. which is pretty great for people/freak watching.Just don't go there expecting a lot and embrace it for the dive dance club that it is and you'll have a good time.
4	ha ha...I am laughing outloud when I think of this place.  It's not your average on the strip lounge with classy ladies and men. What caught our attention was ladies drink free from 9-11 on Thursdays.  Since this was our night for cruising freemont, we took advantage.  It's not very big and the music is super loud.  You have to like a huge variety of music.  I just wanted hip hop, and they played everything from every era.  But the older people liked it.  The body guard is a teddy bear..dont let him fool you.  and the go go dancer had a cute little body.  This is good place to go to start your night or completly hanging out in freemont for the night.  The people range from all different classes, sizes, colors and everything you can thing of.  Really unique group to watch, especially when your a people watcher like me.
4	This club is fuuuuunnnn. I went to the Voodoo Lounge first and will never return. But Gold Diggers is the new spot for low key good old fashion fun, great music, fun mix group of people. I will make it a point to stop in every time I wanna dance the night away.
4	Cool night club on Freemont Street in Downtown Vegas.  It's part of the Golden Nugget and the outdoor balcony overlooks Freemont Street. From Thursday-Sunday, the club is open till' late night, spinning a cool mix of the latest Pop, Hip-Hop, as well some really good Club Music. On top of that, they get into sets of the old-school Rap and Hip-Hop too.. I would reccomend this club for the 30+ crowd.  The bartenders are nice and they make the drinks strong.The view outside is great.  You can see all the way down Freemont and enjoy the Freemont Street Experience (the show) while enjoying the club.
4	We got married in Vegas on 9/29/12, and my sister arranged for us to have an "after party" at the gold diggers club at the golden nugget. I had never been here before that night, and I am not much of a club person, so to be honest, I wasn't expecting much, just hoping that my guests had a good time. We had a little problem getting into the club, as my sister had spoke with the manager several times and pre-arranged all this, and then we were standing with about 25 of our guests outside the club because they couldn't find our name on the list. Once we got past the chaos, and got inside, I was actually pretty impressed. I loved the balcony that overlooked the strip, and some random guy noticed that we just got married and he bought my husband and I a shot of patron - nice way to loosen up and get the night started. We were shown to a vip section that my sister had rented out, and the waitress kept the drinks coming. It didn't take long for me to start feeling the alcohol and make my way to the dance floor. Anyone who knows me, knows that I do not dance, however this night in particular, you could not get me off that dance floor. The dj played a pretty good mix of music, and everyone really enjoyed themselves. Special shout out to Claudia, the bathroom attendant. She was sooooo nice and accommodating to my drunk self, she was definately doing more than her job by helping take care of me - holding my drinks when I went in there and spraying me down with the Victorias Secrets body sprays every time I came in. Whooooo hoooooo - CLAUDIA! We had the time of our lives at the club, and next time we are in Vegas, we will stop by again. Thanks for making our wedding after party so much fun!
4	This place was good for the view , the drinks , the light show  and boo calling . Heck ya I got hammered and liked it .
4	I'm not even sure where to start about this place. I've heard mixed reviews from people my age (mid to late 20's). While cruising Fremont Street, we had several guys give us cards. The cards were or free admission or BOGO drinks. We figured that since it was free all around, it wouldn't hurt to go in. As soon as the elevator doors opened, I knew this was going to be fun.I headed straight for the bar and got a couple of drinks and headed outside. The balcony outside is small, has music playing and you can look down over Fremont. I turned around and headed straight to the back across from the dj booth. We found some bar stools between the "VIP" and a table so we made ourselves comfortable. The VIP was a sofa, chair and table with the classic velvet rope around it. It housed a group of middle aged couples who looked like they were having the time of their lives. There was a range of people on the dance floor. By range I mean people in there 20's (only a small handful) to a couple that appeared to be in their 60's or older. The elastic waistband pants and Velcro shoes gave it away. People were dressed in anything from shorts and t's to sexy Vegas attire. As the night went on, the drinks got a little stronger, the music was great and people started piling in. I shared dances with guys old enough to be my dad to the lesbian bachelorette party that was seated beside us. We met locals and partied with some marines from out of town. I have to admit that this is one of the most fun places I have been to. I've frequented my choice of clubs in Vegas and while this doesn't compare to Tao or Pure, this is worth a visit. If possible try to walk around outside for the free admission cards. I did have several drinks so that could have been a reason for how much fun we had. After 4+ hours of dancing and drinking, we headed out to jack in the box where we watched our homemade movies of the dancing and dance offs from gold diggers. If you are laid back and looking to have a couple of drinks, dance to some decent music and people watch, definitely give this place a try. Don't expect much and you will have a great time.
2	haha i started this review in august of 2011 lol.. "Door guys a jerk"
4	Not as crowded as the strip casinos. Pretty casual. There isn't a bunch of "uppity" people. Pretty laid back crowd. I'm a cheap date so I'm pretty good to go after 1 of their drinks... so...yeah....lol. I'm having a hard time typing this right know.....
4	We were shooting Love in the Big City 3 in Las Vegas and we had our wrap party here. Fun place. They took very good care of us here and there were a lot of us. A bonus was the balcony area that overlooked the stage on Fremont Street where a Led Zepplin cover band was playing and they were pretty good. To be able to watch and hear without dealing with the crowd was pretty cool. The waitresses were attentive and the management were nice. All in all, lots of fun.
2	Cheap beer and interesting crowd that go there. It's in Freemont - Downtown.
4	I was here with friends sitting at the bar in the patio section.  The music was great and the drinks were nice and strong!  I'll be back at end of June.
4	As there are not many choices for "clubs" Downtown, this may be the best. Location and view are great (overlooks the canopy on Fremont Street), the music is awesome and the crowd is non-douchey. It's a small outdoor blacony, and the bar area is good-sized. Nice place to take out-of-town visitors to watch the antics of the Fremont Street crowd!
2	So you'll walk by this place, which is in the far western corner of the Gold Nugget, looking diagonally across the square at the big LCD sign of the animated strippers taking their tops off.  It seems like a happening place, all fancy and whatnot with a VIP-style elevator, and there might even be a line to get in.  You might even be tempted to pay the cover.Don't.If they don't comp the entry, skip it. If they do and you don't like the music or the scene, walk out. The drinks here are ridiculously expensive, the music is meh, and the only thing they really have going for them is the balcony.  For $16 I expected more than two thin fingers of scotch in a plastic cup, and an empty dance floor with a few hookers lurking in the back corners.I'd overheard some waitresses recommending this place to someone after 1:00 or so, but whatever they were referring to was definitely not on the menu when I was there.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
3	We came in about 2am and the party was still going strong, saw a couple trying to tootsie roll, I couldn't tell but was fun watching people get their grind on. Sure it was a little ghetto and a part of me felt at home, don't judge this was just enough ghetto to make you feel gritty not dirty. The music was some old school hip hop mixed in with newer. I'm not a club person but had a good time before last call, big booty girls dancing too!
4	Nice bar with a small dance floor area and a balcony outside where you can look down upon Fremont St. Great place to watch the live bands on Fremont, people watch or take photos of the Fremont St Experience down below. Cover was $10 for men on the night I went and drinks were a little pricey for Fremont bars. I would recommend it as a place to start off or finish your night, but not as a place you would have multiple rounds
4	I love this place this is my go to spot when people are visiting or when I feel like dancing on the bar (well behind the bar) after too many drinks ....thanks to pineapple we always have a great time here
1	Never, Ever have I been told that you cannot have a glass of ice water at any restaurant or bar in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The temperatures in Las Vegas, Nevada in the Summer time can reach well into 115 degrees.  How can a place of business refuse a patron a cup of Ice water and insist that if you want water you must purchase a bottle of water? (Gold Diggers) the name does fit them well. They do not aim to serve their patrons at least this was how I was treated on the evening of 6-21-2013. My advice and recommendation as a native in Las Vegas, Nevada BEWARE!!!!  To all tourists or patrons this place of business only wants your money anyway they can get it!!!!  You might be left lying on the floor of this business with severe dehydration and they would not care. I will be on a mission to see how serving WATER to a patron at a bar or club in Las Vegas CANNOT be refused.
5	Don't know about anybody else this was a winner for us. Went to Fremont st experience dropped into Golden Nugget put in $10 after a few spins it hit and stopped at $461 ,so we left. With big smiles on our faces
3	Gold Diggers is a darkly lit, pulpy, atmospheric bar that offers a stoic, burly bartender and a bottle list that you would find at any old gamy drinking hole. The best part of Gold Diggers is the perch outside, that hangs over the luminescent, sticky Fremont Street. Plunk some rocks in your whiskey, shuffle to the balcony, and watch the denizens of loafers, bums, and wacky tourists crack into one another like a malfunctioning bumper car game. It's like the screensaver that keeps giving. The demographic at Gold Digger ranges from middle-aged woman to liquored up middle-aged woman. So if you're a dude in your twenties, straighten that collar, you salacious weirdo. While not the most exciting bar, if you're perusing Fremont for something to do, there's no reason not to stop at Gold Diggers, especially with that delinquent view.
4	Gold Nugget rocks! If your ever on Fremont St in Vegas then this place is a must! Come on you know your white trash, just admit it and move on! C ya there! :)
1	Don't waste a moment on this place even if they offer you coupons while you are walking up the Freemont Experience. The only thing Gold Diggers is digging is it's own grave. Someone at the Golden Nugget got the idea that they needed an exclusive venue, so they invite people upstairs and encourage you to stare at empty tables behind velvet ropes while they offer you well drinks of the variety you get free at slot machines, but in larger plastic cups. Most of the tables don't have a view of the stage and the bar doesn't have top shelf liquor, or any signature cocktails. With well drinks no one's liver can afford the minimum price for a table with a group small enough to use the tiny table. They are clearly waiting to go out of business, so they can do something new or to be sued by someone who is so plowed they fall out of the balcony. Until the management wakes up avoid this place like the plague. If you want to sit and enjoy Freemont try the bar's at the D and the 4 Queens where you can get a cheap buzz with good service and a fun atmosphere at ground level. If you want an exclusive venue go to the strip and check out the bar's at the Encore, the Wynn and the Cosmopolitan where the service and drinks are much more enjoyable and though arguably more expensive the cocktails are amazing and they always make you feel welcome. Instead of giving you a cold shoulder and looking down their nose at you over a bottle of really cheap vodka.
3	I think this is the closest you're going to get to an ultra lounge or night club on Fremont Street, but I'll have to do a little more digging to confirm that. Every time I come here it is super-packed, so leads me to believe my theory is true.DJs are always pumping out the latest hits so the small dance floor stays packed. And there's a deck with seating and a view of Fremont Street which is pretty cool, along with its own bar and some gaming tables.I've never bought a drink here, so don't know how the prices are. It's always been a stop between casino hoping while cruising Fremont Street. I'm like in and out within an hour or so. But it is a cool vibe and I like it.
2	The place is nice for a smaller club. I went on a Friday and it wasn't that crowded. No one was dancing. We gave our music request and once they started playing our music, we started to dance and I guess that got the party started because others started to dance as well. It's a nice sized dance floor, but the drinks suck. I was looking to get a good AMF but instead it was more mixer than alcohol. Way tooo sweet. To add to this dismay, I was charged $18 for this single drink! WTF?! I felt violated. Don't pay to get in! They give free passes so walk around the casino and find a guy giving passes.
4	Arrived about 1:30 am after Arenas concert in the street. Music was great. Not much space but bought our way into the VIP section where we had enough room. Drinks were good.
4	I have always seen this place going on Fremont throughout the years I have never checked it out until 2 weeks ago they had a BBW eventSo we went up the elevator and as soon as the doors open it was like a legit club the music was loud it was packed and everyone was having a phenomenal time we have drink specials all night and VIP access it definitely made a good time into an amazing unforgettable night
4	This place was a blast. They have a balcony overlooking the fremont street. They also have a couple blackjack tables inside the club. Pretty reasonably priced as we got passes for free cover and 2 for 1 drinks handed to us just outside the door. Also if you are gambling you get lots of free drinks because there is only a couple tables they have to serve and the bar is right beside the tables. We had so much fun we stayed until close.
5	Awesome club for the younger crowd staying downtown! Booming hiphop in a really nice setting! There's an outdoor area where you can overlook the Fremont street experience and has it's own separate bar! Our bartender was super awesome and he's also from hawaii! He was hooking it up!
4	Ok so it is just 4 star worthy, not 4 star orgasmic however 3 1/2 is not an option which would be more accurate. Dance floor, bar and a live DJ that is good stuff. The bartenders are super friendly and on point!The location is good, and has an outdoor balcony and bar for a nice view overhanging Fremont street.I have been here twice, for the Plush BBW events so we had some VIP seating and a 2 for 1 drink special to enjoy. It is a cool small spot to hang out, just nothing that exciting or mind blowing. The ladies bathroom attendant is annoying, I have been to Gold Diggers twice and both times she was up my ass in the bathroom. Fuck, please let me piss and powder my nose in peace. That is my main complaint.
2	Came here in July. It was hot. Not just hot but hot as hell. That was inside. On the balcony. There was a cool view of downtown Fremont. But it is even hotter. I was in there looking for air conditioning vents. The bar was OK. Nothing real special besides the view of the Fremont. I would return in a cooler month if i am downtown again. The music was good. That is another plus. More urban less top 40's.
3	My husband and I have came here 6 times and this review is only for August 1st 2014 (First Friday) the DJ they had was HORRIBLE!  She was nothing like any other time we have come, we always get a table to reserve and we were so bored that we counted back our trips there to this club and we were in aw because we have ALWAYS had a 5 star good time, always bringing our friends to join us for the fun and weekend stays in Vegas....we arrived at midnight and by 1:15 we had reached our minimum purchase amount so we could leave but the night was over and too late to go to another club (let alone this is our FAVORITE SPOT)...Drinks were great and the hostess was awesome like always she is very knowledgeable and friendly always making eye contact with everyone:)...AGAIN this review is for the blond DJ that they had that night...management please do something! so we can continue going and spending our money there with pleasure
3	Have been here just a few times and it's just eh... Very casual place and a very casual feel. With that being said your paying upscale prices. It really sucks to pay high end club prices in a place where guys are let in with flip flops and tank tops and girls are let in wearing practically the same thing. The music is ok and the upstairs local is cool. They do have some decent service if you get a table so A+ for that. Place has a little bit of a ghetto feel to it too.
4	Had a great time. DJ was great!! Service was awesome. It could be a lil bigger but all in all was fun as hell
1	Really $48 (tip forced) for 4 cran and sky bottom shelf watered down crap! Avoid this place. Place was empty wonder why. Oh btw what bar can't make a Moscow mule. Pathetic management. Well get 1 star because they live up to their name.
5	Had the best time lastnight here.. My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice chill spot off the strip.. This place did not disappoint.. The drinks were good not watered down like some places in Vegas can do.. I danced the whole night away.. We did not expect to say the whole night but we did lol
5	Old school dance music wise??? This is the place. No entrance fee, alcohol not too pricey, people are nice, location is the best...it's in heart of Freemont Downtown Las Vegas. Great crowd inside sitting or outside. You choose. I had the best Saturday night here once. :)
4	Great place to people watch from their balcony & listen to some live music from the stage below. Cover was $5, but that got you a free well drink. Probably hung out here 2 hrs as the band "80s Station" played a great 80s mix. I might splurge a little for the VIP seating near the balcony next time rather than stand by the rail.
2	I had an amazing time the first time I went here and was eagerly waiting for the next chance to bring friends out here.  No cover, great prices, fantastic drinks, and the music was great.However, the next time I went there, the vibe was completely different.  The bartender made the smallest shots possible and they were still $45 for 4 of them.  There was also cover for some reason even though there was not enough people to justify having cover (no events, no appearances, etc).  Unfortunately, their service is hit or miss but the location is on Fremont which is experience on all its own.
3	Decided to walk around Fremont and go bar hopping and we discovered this little place on the second floor of one of the casinos. 1. No lines.2. No cover fee.3. Average sized bar.4. Average sized dance floor.5. Actually played some good songs and some decent songs.6. This place seems to attract weird people... but friendly.7. Tiny little spot, mainly for people who doesn't like overcrowded areas.8. Good for people who want to chill, not party.9. There were two cops standing at the top of the entrance the whole time.10. Drinks were decent. Overall, interesting little spot to chill for a few minutes until you hop to the next bar!
