4	Convenient location, decent prices and a good selection. I'm usually a Target Pharmacy fan, but this CVS is pretty darn good. I'd give them five stars but I am just overwhelmed the multitude of these chainstores on EVERY corner.Though being from New York, I still always comment that they can sell alcohol in the stores here. I like that!
4	I'm a Walgreen's fan myself but this CVS is decent.  I like that they have a minute clinic in it.  I've gone there before when I couldn't get into my doctor's office in a timely fashion.  I've only used the actual pharmacy once and they were fairly fast.  The staff up front here is pretty nice too.
4	Some drugstore cowboys tried to hold this place up the night after Halloween and the cops (all undercover) had an all-out car chase for a couple blocks before they caught the crooks which happened around 10:30 at night. Guess these guys stealing Oxycodone had hit several CVS stores before they got to our local one. But they were caught, chalk one up for the good guys!
3	I visited this locale last evening to fill a script for my wife and I must say I was happy to find a 24 hour pharmacy near the PV Hospital. Now with that all being said the service is a bit slow....but at least the pharmacist was nice. This is a nice location to get a script filled in a pinch.....but the service needs to be faster especially since I was the only customer in the store at 3am. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	I was very unimpressed with my visit. I had been to a different location in the past and it worked out in a jam. I waited for over 30 mins. I went in running a fever with a very sore throat and I was hoping to get a jump on being sick. After paying $90 I was told "Just go home and sit on your porch and relax... you'll get better, if not then come back and see me if your not better in 5 days." I had to return to work was sick past the 5 days. I did not care to go back and pay another $90 for "advice".  No Thanks!
1	Stay away from this pharmacy. I have never had any problems with any other pharmacy ever, and the three times in the past 6 months I've been here have been a complete nightmare. No one here cares about the customer and seem to have no idea what is going on. I went to pick up an Rx for me and one for my dog today, and the girl at the register looked like she wanted to kill herself. No smile, and I could barely hear her speak. She got me my prescriptions, I paid, and then I was on my way. I thought it was odd that she didn't ask me if I wanted to see the pharmacist because my dog's Rx was new and I know nothing about it. I looked at the packaging and it said on it in bold letters that a consultation was needed. I looked at my Rx bag and it had all this stuff in bold that I was notified of the different packaging but that it's still the same pills. I thought all this was odd because this girl told me NOTHING other than the total for my stuff. Turns out my pills were generic when it states specifically on my script that I can only have the name brand (due to complications with the generic in the past). I immediately go back inside and speak to one of the pharmacy techs and he blamed the mix up on the computer system. Bull. And then he proceeds to tell me that they are out of stock on the name brand! AND they were out of stock on it LAST time I had to fill it! I have never had such cruddy customers service and NEVER have been to any other pharmacy were they are out of a well known/much used prescription...TWICE. Last time they said it would be in "tomorrow" but it took over a week. We will see if "tomorrow" means next week again.
4	Always helpful and friendly staff!
1	Customer service in the pharmacy is terrible there's no follow through on prescriptions or orders or call the doctors I always have some issue with picking up my prescriptions and today I went there to go through the drive thru and it's closed
