2	It's the only thing open after 7pm in the D Gates, so what choice do you have? I could complain that it is overpriced, but it's in the airport, so what do you expect? The food was okay. I had a hot turkey sandwich with meat that kept slipping out of the bread. I hate that in a sandwich. The thin crust margherita pizza wasnt bad. When your plane is delayed and are desperate, I guess you're stuck.
3	At first glance, it looks like upscale, quality dining in the United terminal of McCarran.  Looks can be deceptive.  Really, Burke is greasy, overpriced, and one of the few food choices without having to endure a long haul down another terminal walkway. The margherita pizza was tasty, but tasty didn't come without being mega greasy.  That pizza was the sole reason that I fell asleep on my noon flight after a night of 7 hours of slumber and an hourlong nap on my first connection. Food coma much?
3	I thought it was just okay. In the D terminal of United you really dont get that many options so I went here for a burger. The waitress was quick and although she didnt ask how I wanted my burger cooked it still came out medium which made me happy. For two burgers and two tap waters the bill came out to $35. Yikes a little pricey yes but like I said I didnt' have much of a choice. After the fact I realized that I should've just used their to-go stand and purchased a pre-made sandwich.I will say that their breakfast menu sounds pretty delicious so if I was stuck in the D terminal again before 10:30am I wouldn't mind giving it a whirl.
2	I had a flight going out of D terminal, and Burke in the Box "on the fly" looked to be the best option.It might have been, but the spouse & I were put over a barrel to figure that out.  I had an Arizona Iced Tea - $4!  Spouse's 20 oz Diet Coke - $3The sandwich & pizza prices weren't much better, price to quantity wise.The food was decent.  My tuna slider's were tasty, but were better once I took off the pickle (too much dill).  They also would have been better if they'd given me one larger sandwich, rather than 3 mini sandwiches.  I don't need that much bread!The fries were fine - nothing special, other than the fact that they didn't screw them up.  But 1 pizza, 2 drinks, and the tuna sliders came out to $33.  That's *way* too much.  Next time I'm at this terminal, I'll just stick with Baja Fresh.
2	Ordered from the to-go counter.  Sit-down restaurant was closed when I visited at prime dinner hour on a weekday. WTF? Food quality was okay (3 stars) but prices are too high, even by airport standards.
2	So, I love all things Top Chef in any of its various forms, and I am trying to have a Top Chef food baby before I die.  I am slowly but surely working my way up to this goal with much planning.  So imagine my surprise -- nay, sheer delight -- when I espied in McCarran Airport Terminal D, David Burke's "Burke in the Box."  Whaaa?  Since it was 10:20 in the morning, I was nursing a hang- and gambling-over, and we had almost two hours to kill before our flight, I thought breakfast here (at a Top Chef-touched eatery in the *airport*!!) would really scratch a lot of itches.  All it did was irritate.After drooling over the breakfast menu (I couldn't *wait* to sink my teeth into a pretzel bread eggwhite sammie with tomato, 'shrooms, and feta), the server informed us breakfast was over at 10 and we were now on the lunch menu.  I'm sorry, breakfast ends at TEN did you say??  I get that this is Vegas and time doesn't really exist/count here, but on what planet -- besides high schools -- do people eat lunch at 10:05?  So I ended up ordering a *ten dollar* tuna sandwich and husband ended up ordering a Caesar salad.Wow, David Burke.  Just...wow.  Salad was romaine, cuke, tomato, Asiago (completely unconventional ingredients in a Caesar) and KEN'S DRESSING IN A BAGGIE.  So boring husband kept dozing off in the *plastic bowl* it came in and nearly poking himself in the eye with the *plastic cutlery*.  My sandwich was fine -- the tuna salad itself was actually quite good, with all white meat albacore, capers, celery, onion, and a touch of mayo -- but the rye bread was really thick and really dry so I ended up just eating the salad off of it.  The fries it came with were crispy and golden but didn't have a ton of flavor, and the *tissue thin paper napkin* couldn't keep up with my greasy fingers.  I overheard another waitress telling a different table that for $1 extra they could add Asiago and truffle oil to their fries.  Gimme a break, Burke.  Truffle oil fries and Ken's baggie dressing on the same menu?  Make up your mind.Service was actually pretty good, especially since it was our server's second day.  He was on top of the ball and we never had to wait long for anything.  He even swooped in with a drink refill before I had the chance to open my big mouth.Best part about Burke in the Box?  Watching the Bears hand the Cowboys their butts on home turf.[Top Chef: David Burke]
1	Other Yelpers have already said everything that needs to be said.And yet...Oh yes, AND YET I tried this place anyway, against all reviews and that nagging "better judgment" voice in my head.  Stupid stupid me.I wish I could UN-do that because it turned out to be UN-impressive, UN-remarkable, and just a wee bit UN-friendly.I was there on a dead day... midweek, few flights, no rushes.  And yet service was almost nonexistent.  Everything seemed to be a pain for my server - taking my order, getting me silverware, bringing me my check. The fastest she moved was to pick up my check as I was leaving to see how much I tipped her.Food was decent but UN-inspired.  I had a passable Reuben but certainly was not impressed for the price.  Don't waste money paying for the special fries - they're regular frozen fries with grated parmesan cheese and a drop of truffle oil in there (supposedly) on top.  Too bad the frozen potato and stale cooking oil taste on the fries masks any other flavors.Next time I'll stop being lazy and walk elsewhere in the terminal to eat.  For the money I could surely find better food.  Or comparable food much cheaper elsewhere.Pass.
4	After seating myself at the bar and taking my first sip of Bud Light, I logged onto Yelp and was disappointed to see all of the unfavorable reviews of this place. But, since there are limited dining options in Terminal D, I decided to stay. And I'm glad I did.Several of the prior reviewers were disappointed in the service. The bartender today was about as cheerful and attentive as one could ask for. He seemed to genuinely enjoy interacting with all the people passing through to their various destinations.Given that this is a Burke establishment, I ordered a bit out of the box for me - the prosciutto and arugula pizza. In one word: outstanding. Paired with a 9-ounce pour of BV Cabernet, I was in gastric heaven.While, as other reviewers noted, this is a bit pricey, it is an airport after all. My pizza was $13.99 but would easily feed two adults. Drink prices were a bit steep, but I've come to expect that in airports.I would do it again. And I probably will.
2	$24 for a burger and beer.  An airport is not the sort of place where one searches out fine dining.  In fact, it the sort of place where hungry travelers seek out average dining at stratospheric prices.  Such is the case at Burke in the Box at McCarran Int'l Airport in Las Vegas.The good:1)  The only place I could find on concourse D near my gate (53) which accommodated sit-down dining.2)  Wide selection of hot dogs, burgers and sandwiches.  I ordered a cheese burger with blue cheese, raw onions, lettuce and tomato.   The burger came with a generous helping of (what appeared to be) re-heated French fries with truffle oil.  I also had a 20oz Stella.3)  Good selection of adult beverages4)  Modest selection of dessertThe bad.1)  OH MY GAWD: The bill.  $24 for a burger and a beer!!2)  Understaffed.  The gentleman in the table next to me got up leaving his sandwich on the table to go the bar and order another drink.  While he was away the waitress cleared away his half-eaten sandwich.3)  Pretense at fine dining.  The place is self serving trying to portray itself as haute burger-land: something which it is not.4)  Televisions hanging on the wall with the volume up very high. 5)  The waitress added bacon to my burger - which I didn't ask for and charged me $1.99 extra.Overall:  I wish more airports were like Dulles Airport in Washington where the prices in there are pretty close to those you'd pay outside of the airport.  The food was decent but it was not fine dining: no way.Were the burger, fries and beer had come in at $15 I'd be singing the praises of this high-rent burger joint.  At $24 - not so much.In Vegas one has the opportunity to gamble at almost every turn.  Rest assured that if you venture into this establishment that you'll come up with snake eyes.
3	Really great Kobe dog....you need to be really hungry to eat this but it is so worth it :)
2	I'm a bit torn about this place.  It was right next to my terminal for my flight out of Vegas and I didn't have lunch so I figured I would grab a bite from here.First things first, everything is pricey, but I guess that's expected in an airport in Vegas?  I paid 16 bucks for a preztel panini and an Arizona Arnold Palmer.  The pretzel panini was chicken breast, bacon, tomato, provolone and a dijon mustard sauce on a pretzel roll.  It was pretty underwhelming.  Upon first bite I noticed that it was lacking flavor.  None of the elements in the sandwich stood out.  Could have used more sauce or some sort of seasoning.  I was tempted on smearing on a packet of yellow mustard, but decided against it.  On the other hand I did like the pretzel roll that the sandwich was served on.  The only real saving grace of this meal was the french fries.  They were thick cut, skin on, nicely fried and pretty tasty.I would be willing to try the burgers, but seeing that it's in an airport in Vegas and I'm in Chicago it might be a while before I'm presented with that opportunity.
1	Possibly the worst Reuben ever.
3	Decent airport french fries.  Huge order -- more than one person can finish. Don't forget the packets of salt.
3	Nice place to grab a bite before your flight.
4	For an airport restaurant, I thought this place was great.  We had the tuna sliders with french fries.  The fries were amazing, and the sliders were yummy and really cute looking.  Service was quick, food was kinda slow coming out for an airport eatery though since people generally have a flight to catch.  would eat here again.
3	Suppose you woke up before the sun.Suppose you caught a flight to before you'd normally be at work.Suppose you landed in Vegas around 10:30 am local and are craving lunch.Suppose you travel a decent amount and are sick of waiting around for your bag.Suppose you realize 32 oz beers are a great way to wait them out.If you can imagine yourself in this position, Burke in the Box is for you. Yeah, the kobe dog and truffle fries were more gimmicky than they were good. Yeah, the service had a way of disappearing for significant periods of time. Yeah, there were visible stains from an unknown liquid on the walls. We had a buzz before we had our suitcases!We didn't dare tangle with the $4 Jager shots. We're not animals.
4	For being in Terminal D of the Las Vegas airport, your food options are quite limited.  And on this Tuesday when we were flying out on our way home, half of the restaurants were closed.  We then stumbled upon Burke in the Box.We were greeted by bartender John.  This guy is a trip.  He will talk to you about anything.  Make sure to ask him about domesticating saber tooth tigers.  We start off with drinks and take a look at the menu.They have a good selection of food items.  Yes it is expensive, but you are in an airport in Vegas.  In fact you will  pay Disneyland prices at any airport, so it's expected.  I went with the sliders that came with fries.The portions are generous.  The slider were very good and the bun was lightly toasted and the meat medium rare.  The menu is a bit deceiving about the truffle fries.  You won't get them with your side order of fries unless you ask for it, then there is a surcharge.So overall, not bad.  A much better choice than Chili's or Pizza Hut.
2	I thought that this place would be at least Ok for breatfast. I got their pretzel bread breakfast sandwich, it was so greasy it was barely edible for me. The hash browns were alright, they were the same ones I had in grammar school. Lots of ketchup helped.
4	Lots to like about this little airport eatery.1. Was open at 4:30am when I was there for a 6am flight. One of the few in the D gate area.2. Rather reasonable prices on the food, though the drinks were expensive.3. The pretzel buns were soft and delicious! As was the breakfast sandwich as a whole, which was huge! Hashbrowns were typical fast-food style, but tasty.Will definitely stop by again if I'm ever flying out of Vegas this early again (really hope not) and am over in the area. Probably 3-stars in reality, but the fact it was open so early while other establishments were dark earns another star.
1	Make sure if you want a salad u buy it out of the case.  I asked for a chicken Cesar because there was none left and got charged an extra 4 bucks.  Was it any different - hell no!   Took him 30 seconds to make it and didn't even toss it- got my bag of dressing and off i  went. Oh and when I asked why it was more $ they told me it came with fries-!  A salad with fries- not a chance. So I tried to reason with the manager after he realized that it was a salad (w no fries) as to me having to pay a penalty because they were out- and he just didn't get it.  I am sorry I asked for them to make me one- would've preferred they told me they were out.   At least they couldve warned me it was more $   The salad was fine-but its the principle of it.  Next time I will skip that food option
4	Yes it's expensive, $16 for a chicken wrap and a juice, but to be honest my chicken wrap was really good !
1	Hyper expensive beer, $10 for a Stella. Dirty booths.  One waitress for the entire "box" wasn't enough to give customers the attention they deserve when you are raping them with high prices.  The wrap was ok, but barely.
3	Despite the relatively bad reviews, I hesitantly decided to grab a bite to eat here after my United flight was delayed as usual.  After perusing the decently varied menu, I ordered the Prosciutto and Arugula pizza along with a 9 oz. merlot.  Honestly, I've had much better, but the pizza wasn't bad as far as airport food is concerned.  The waitress from NY was very pleasant and timely.  Yes, it was pricey but hey, it's Vegas and it's at the airport for crissakes...Would definitely be a repeat customer if I had to wait around again.
3	My chicken 'pretzel panini' sandwich was decent enough.  I was flying early, and the non-breakfast menu was limited around 10am, but this was decent, didn't make me sick, and was prepped quickly.  In reality this restaurant is probably a 2-star affair, but it gets 3 for the airport.  There are probably better options at LAS but definitely worse.  I may return, but not looking forward to it :-)
2	Eggs and toast were actually pretty good for an airport but it comes with McDonald's style hash browns - fries squares.  Gave me bacon when I ordered sausage.  Also charged $4.49 for a small bottle if Perrier - really?  Unfortunately at 6am there aren't many choices here.
1	Wow, this was terrible. I decided to try this figuring it had to be at least slightly better than the typical airport fare because of the "Top Chef" name on the sign. It was worse. Don't waste your money.Pizza, worse than frozen, with too much tasteless pepperoni. Salad with packaged dressing and too much "parmesan cheese" on top, again, tasteless. They should have used half the ingredients and doubled the quality.
2	To the server who served my fiance and me, this is not about you. It's about your employer.The food is ridiculously over priced. PLEASE read the menu before sitting down. We did read the menu, but as the other restaurants in the airport were super-greasy, we opted for Burke in the Box. The salad and soup was mediocre in flavor. The portion on the salad was bigger than I expected. (If I order a soup and a salad, I think of it being a cup of soup with a small/side salad, not a full entree of a salad with a cup of soup.)The server we had was so sweet and attentive. She was a delight to speak with and did her best to handle the grumpy comments of another customer seated behind us.Summary: if the other restaurants in the airport aren't sounding good, come here BUT be prepared to fork over a wad of money as the prices are high.
1	As terrible as a meal could get. Pizza with prosciutto and arugula resembled cracker bread with a meat volcano on top. Waitress seemed to think the pizza was the best thing ever but she also looked like she didn't discriminate against too many meals. Great ice water though! High quality stuff on the rocks.
1	A new low, even by airport standards.  The "double" drinks were still pretty weak (seemed like I was just drinking a $12 single), and the pizza was the absolute worst one I've ever had.  Wouldn't be surprised to find they were frozen ones being microwaved in the next room.  I ordered the prosciutto and arugula one.  It ended up being a flat tasteless (frozen looking) cheese pizza with a pile of "toppings" thrown on top on the middle. Not cooked onto the pizza -- cold on top.  The prosciutto tasted like it had gone bad, so I ended up just pushing it off the piece I ate.  Service was really poor, too.  I was sitting at the bar, and it took over 10 minutes to get the bartender to take my drink order.  He waited on literally everyone else who arrived after me, while avoiding making eye contact.  Finally, he acknowledged me by saying "did you need something?"  Do people often sit down at the bar if they don't want a drink?$40 for pizza and two drinks.  Never again.
2	Fast, I can say that.   Food is lack luster at best.   Seems they just skip things that are listed on the menu.   I ordered a California club wrap that came with Chester fries.  Asiago cheese with truffle oil.   Well, regular fries and a wrap that was missing three ingredients.   When I ask, oh sorry we re out of those right now so we just served what we have.
1	Take a cheese pizza that looks like it was frozen at one point, throw cold arugula and cold chunks of prosciutto, then charge $14 for it.  Lazy attempt and not worth it....  I saw other reviews about the pizza after the fact, so I think we're all in agreement.  Worst pizza ever.  If there was such a thing as a 0 star, they deserve it.
2	Cheeseburger sliders were.. aight. Not worth it for the price. Service was friendly.
2	This food is very underwhelming. You get no truffle flavor in their truffle oil fries. Their sandwich used low quality turkey cold cuts and soggy bacon. A glass of shock top, (a normally cheap beer, was $9. Sandwiches are all in the $15 range, so I'd say the menu is very pricy for such poor quality food. I'd give it one star if it weren't located in an airport.
1	Worst pizza in my life. Cheap frozen cheese pizza base with uncooked ingredients dumped on top. The manager argued 'that's how we make them all'. I demanded my money back and he angrily threw the pizza in the trash in front of a line if customers before refunding me.
3	What a surprise !!!!!!!!!!!! Traveled back to DC and had a late lunch time flight and what a shock to find this place. Who would think you would find asiago & truffled French fries in an airport restaurant. Burger was tasty and well seasoned as was the ruben. Wait staff were friendly and prompt, very quick with the soda and tea refills. Have a place for lunch now when travelling back from Vegas.
1	We have some time before we board the plane. What else is there to do besides start drinking?!! We seat ourselves and wait. And wait. And wait! I noticed one of the servers was with a manager so I was trying to cut the staff some slack. Another server came out though and didn't even glance at us. Then the server I saw who had been with the manager was done with whatever she was doing and still we were ignored. I was like Come on. We'll just go up to the bar. Romano was tending bar and said he would be right with us. We ordered our drinks promptly - he even asked if we wanted them to-go and damn right we did so we got our drinks and were on our merry little ways. He was the only positive thing at this place for us. Besides the fact that they had alcohol.And not planning on ever coming back to this place again.
1	This place is DESPICABLE!   Horrible service, bad food and bad drinks.  Also, for airport prices, considerably over priced.  All that said, DON'T spend your money here.  The service at this place is suspect, bordering on criminal.  The bar staff will not give you prices of their watered down drinks.  The wait staff ignores you.  How this joint stays open is beyond me.  As I left the restaurant I politely reminded the entire staff that their service was unacceptable.  Walking to my gate I was approached by a very kind woman who said, "The same thing happened to me.  Good for you."
1	EWW!! Never will I EVER return to this pathetic attempt of a restaurant.  I got a chicken Caesar salad and a cup of tomato basil soup with cheese tortalini.  Pretty simple right? So so wrong.  First of all, the menu said the salad was "romaine lettuce, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers and parmesan cheese"  the salad I actually received was wilted romaine with parmesan...only...Do not even get me started on the soup... there was not one tortalini in it and it was luke warm upon arrival.  Not to mention it was just completely disgusting. The service was just as terrible as the food, our server said she didn't have change for a 20.  Which is pretty baffling considering I'm sure some people have paid cash or will pay cash, so as a business it seems somewhat imperative to have cash on hand.  Anyways, she basically demands a credit card.  I refuse.  She comes back what seems like 15 mins later (keep in mind I told her we were in a hurry at this point) with change down to the penny?! Seems like someone is just lazy and didn't want to ask the bar for change. I use to be a server so I know how that goes. AVOID. AVOID. AVOID.
2	The grilled chicken caesar is obviously prepared elsewhere and shipped in.  The dressing comes in packets and it's pretty much the most low rent $14 salad I've ever had.  The server was decent though. Don't eat here.  Maybe grab a beer though.
2	It'll do in a pinch.I've only been in for breakfast.  I overheard a waitress telling another customer that they use pre-packaged food; egg beaters, etc.  It's not gourmet, but it's decent diner-esque food.  The staff is generally friendly, and quick to get you in and out.  It is a little pricey (it's airport food, what do you expect?)....
2	Don't come here if you're in a time crunch. And $25 for a mediocre-at-best sandwich and coke? I don't care if it is sit down. No thanks. Skip this place.
2	I mean, really what can you expect from an airport except when in Denver. Great restaurants there, but definitely not in Vegas airport. Burke Box offers a good place for a quick beer, but abrupt and borderline rude service. Food is so so. Might be very good if you don't eat out much and live in a hoarder house.
2	2 coffees, 1 power aide, 3 bacon and egg croissants $33.25. Way pricey and the food was not much to speak of, but we were concerned we would miss our flight, and this eatery is conveniently adjacent to d52-59 Gates.Try to eat before getting to the airports or try another restaurant.
1	Gourmazing? Not quite. My wife got a Vegan wrap that was supposed to come with portobello mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, mixed greens & peppadews. She got a wrap with not a single mushroom and the same sliced tomatoes that came on my sandwich. After sending it back they said they ran out of mushrooms and if we wanted to put something else on it. So when they run out of things they still try to serve it to the customer instead of not serving it at all. I got the Big Pretzal Panini. It was not big nor was it pressed like a panini. It wasn't bad but it wasn't any better than I could have gotten from one of the fast food places in the terminal.
3	Decent place for a quick bite if you're at the Vegas airport. Friendly service, and the food is not bad for airport food. I was quite happy with their vegan wrap, and my husband liked the breakfast. My wrap was packed with lots of mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, and mixed greens. Everything seemed a little on the pricey side, but it is the airport, and the portions are pretty big. I ate half for breakfast, then packed up the other half to eat on the plane.
1	Ate breakfast here before my flight. I really expected more.  The service was terrible.  The egg white sandwich on a pretzel roll sounded great, but it was very poor.   There was absolutely no care in the assembly of the sandwich and the "hash browns" were just a deep fried triangle potato patty.  Unfortunately it's the airport, and when you give a long term exclusive contract to one operator, there is no concern for quality.
4	Good place to grab a bite and wait for flight, nice staff and the food was not bad at all. Its not coffee shop food but its good.
1	hate this place but -at the airport- you're just stuck.  nothing special about anything.  Frantic staff, mediocre food, high prices, airport environment.  Here is a novel idea, why not put a clock in plane (ha!) view so you can track your flight times?
3	I was happy when I came across this little spot not too far from my gate. I ordered a killer breakfast sandwich... when I say killer I mean it. This thing was HUGE. It was on a pretzel bun which was tasty but there was honestly about 8 eggs worth of egg... I mean I guess that is good value. Who complains about too much food right? Well I had to toss a bunch of egg in order to fit this bad boy in my mouth but it was delicious.
1	David Burke you should be ashamed to have you name on this hellhole! So we didn't eat here, we walked out after 15 minutes of waiting for the one and only waiter to even acknowledge us.  It was fairly packed with travelers, on a Saturday morning , serving breakfast only .  4 people seated next to us complaining loudly none of their food correct, and not good.  Head to California Pizza Oven, great happy wait staff!
2	Looked good but was just OKI stopped by Burke in the Box on my way back from a conference.  I needed something I could bring on the plane with me.  I grabbed a chicken caesar salad, a bottled water, and pack of small chocolate chip cookies.  The salad was just ok.  It came with lame Ken's Caesar salad dressing (they didn't even have their own dressing!).  The chicken was ok but was not precut fully so difficult to eat.  The parmesan cheese was flavorless.  The cookies were buttery but not that memorable otherwise and were TINY.  The meal cost me $19.  Ridiculous.  For a modest salad, a water, and tiny pack of mini cookies.Very lame.
1	Worst service ever. Bar tender refused to put the World Cup and NBA Finals on one of multiple televisions. So much for hoping to watch sports in a sports bar before my flight.
1	Absolutely dreadful service, we never got our food at the grab and go section after 35 mins and no one barely in the kitchen, they hadn't even started our order so we demanded our money back.... If I could put a massive zero on this I would!
3	We had lunch here as we waited for our plane. Our waitress was very nice.  I asked for a substitution and she was accommodating. DMD ordered the chicken wrap and I ordered a turkey Reuben. The chicken wrap was reported as very good. The Reuben was ok. Not enough sour kraut, but maybe that was a good thing. There is a full bar and plenty of TV's.
3	I mean, for airport food, it's freshmade and has some good choices.  I had the tuna sliders and they were fine (pricey at $12) but good.  Very greasy bread so ask for the bread dry unless you like that grease.  Fries were not good (edible but totally bland even with two packets of salt and ketchup.  The area of this food stand is lame overall so this is a good choice in that small area.
1	Worst place ever. They tell me 15 minutes later that they don't have what I ordered!!! Could the front person not know that right away? What kind of establishment is this?  Then they charged me again with my other orders and did not credit me properly with the first order they did not give me in the first place! Unbelievable!!! Stay away and avoid this place like a plague!!!! Zero star, no negative stars!!! Awful food and expensive!!!
1	This is the absolute worst place in the world!!!!!!  The service is absolutely crappy.  Wait- that is the understatement of the century!  Avoid at all costs!
3	I travel a lot to Las Vegas for business and have eaten here a few times and wanted to yelp out my experience given the largely negative reviews of this place.The biggest complaint seems to be the service level and the one time I have eaten at this restaurant, the service was kind of lousy (I was told by the bartender to wait to be seated by the host, but lots of people came in and sat down at a table and I subsequently followed).However, the service level today was much better and my server was very friendly.  I was a few hours early for my flight back home so I just decided to hang out here and do some work while waiting.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which also has apples, raisins, and tarragon.  This is one of my favorite "to go items" of any airport eatery that I have been to and this establishment's offering was tasty today.  The sandwich is accompanied with French fries that is smothered with cheese, truffle oil, and chives.  They give a very generous portion of this side which was definitely a plus.  Compared to other non-airport restaurants, I would agree with the general consensus that the service is sub-par and it is kind of pricey.  However, the quality of the offerings are good and I do keep on coming back here when I am at Las Vegas airport.
1	Wanted to grab some lunch before my flight, really regretted coming to this place. I walked in and the majority of the tables were unclean, ( should have set the alarm bells ringing really)I ordered the truffle fries and a Cesar salad, the truffle fries came without the cheese and truffle oil, so I asked for that additionally once they arrived. Then my Cesar salad arrived, it was basically a plate of lettuce which had definitely seen better days- lots of brown pieces! The dressing came in a plastic, which I had to put on myself- honestly for $11 it was nothing better than lettuce with a store brought Cesar salad dressing over it. I complained and they took the salad off, but very disappointing!
1	Cardboard tasting pizza with watered down sauce and low grade cheese.  I am a bachelor and will eat most anything. Plus a pizza lover that has trouble finding anything wrong with most pizzas   This pizza was awful.  Poor ingredients, poor texture, and surprisingly expensive.  I know it's airport markup, but the pizza was a giant saltine cracker with walmart pizza sauce and cheese on it.  There is no reason it should be $12.  I should have gone somewhere else.
2	Breakfast sandwich is pretty good and friendly service but not very efficient. And what's with the styrofoam containers? Very environmentally irresponsible. No one else uses those anymore. Get with it!
1	Ugh.  Breakfast platter overpriced and substandard.  Cold limp brioche toast.  Fried eggs watery and cold.  Bacon is greasy with an off flavor,  the two greasy hash brown cakes were inedible,  Bloody Mary lacked any visual appeal,  blah atmosphere. Should have read yelp reviews.
2	One of the worst foods in Vegas can be experienced here while you wait for your flight.Chicken & mushroom soup consisted of half & half , salt, beans, questionable chicken, lots of cheese & sour cream....I mean 40% sour cream rather than being soupFries - okSandwich - bread is dry, everything is flavorless It's a good place to chill if you don't be under the intense white lights & with fat tourists on the uncomfortable chair by your gate, but food is pretty gross.
1	I know not to expect much from airport food establishments but this one is a low. Not good. Cold and not tasty at all and too pricey.
1	While waiting for a delayed flight I ordered tomato soup with tortellini (ONE tortellini). It was pitiful. So I ordered the pastrami sandwich which was so rancid I managed to choke down less than half before my body rejected it and I threw it up. Oh, also, when I got my bill it was $20 over. The bar dude was totally unrepentant. He corrected it without apology. DO. NOT. EAT. HERE.
3	I was hungry in the airport and saw this place near my gate. I later found out it has horrible reviews! However, my experience was not that bad.I ordered a split bottle of Prosecco and their margarita pizza. I enjoyed my wine and pizza. It was light and thin crusted. I ordered mine with extra basil. The only negative that I had before ordering the pizza, is that I couldn't get any fresh Parmesan cheese. They only offered peppers.Now this is not fine dining by any means - this is a sit in restaurant. If you are trying to make a close connection, I would advise you not order here because they do take time in preparing the food. Definitely not fast. They do have a station where you can buy food to go. I don't know if I try this place again. I wouldn't mind eating here again plus they had a great wine list for a restaurant location.
2	Flight was delayed so I stopped by to order some food. Had the margherita pizza and tuna sliders. It was overpriced and only decent but I was expecting that for airport food. Luckily for me I had some food vouchers because of the flight delay so didn't have to pay much.
4	Open at 0400.  Cashier was really attentive and friendly. So attentive, in fact, that she figured out that I worked for an airline even before I pulled out my badge.  That meant 10% discount. $8.35 for my toasted everything bagel and cream cheese and a Naked.  Not too shabby.  My only gripe is that they use a lot of styrofoam.  An entire black styrofoam box for my toasted bagel...Really?!    -1 star for that.
4	At the airport  really hungry and decided to stop by for some breakfast. The breakfast was good and fast. I had a cheese omelette, bacon, has browns, and toast. It def hit the spot. The waitress was attentive and friendly.
1	If you consider this as a cheap diner it is only bad.  But since your meal will be, "gourmazing and made with revolutionary products and cooking techniques", it is absolutely terrible.   My ultimate cheeseburger was a suboptimal patty with a slice of cheddar on a dry bun with mushy pickle slices from jar.  I went with salad rather than fries--large mound of unevenly chopped lettuce, a few shreds of mild cheddar, a nice quarter dill, two huge pieces of soft cuke, and a cherry tomato.  The jumbo jack and side salad from jack in the box is better food and would run me about 3 bucks.  Plastic cutlery really accentuates your experience.On the plus side, most people avoid this place like the plague, so i have an entire booth during a busy travel day and am enjoying a game on TV.  My cell phone is plugged in.  I am having a michelob ultra which is what an american light lager should be.
