5	I rented Roses bus for my wedding to transport guests from the hotel to the church. They were kind, professional, and I recommend them for your event. I was busy that day so didn't have time to call to confirm, or make sure the bus was on time or stopping at all hotels, however they took it into their own hands and everything went off without a hitch! My guests were very happy. I am grateful to them for their professional service. Something I can not say about the company I used for my own limo. Do not go with Silver Fox... stay with Roses. They were fantastic.
5	Professional, courteous, on time, awesome follow up are all things you would expect when using a service like this and all describe my experience with Rose.I had to run out of town and was not able to pick up someone at the airport that was counting on a ride.  I have seen many ads for Rose and decided to call them up.  I received their pricing and thought it was a bit high.  I shopped around for other car services and cabs for rates from CLT airport and found out that they were ALL higher than Rose.  Why ride in a Yugo when you can get a Town Car right?I called Rose back and they couldn't be more helpful and professional on the phone.  With just a days notice they took down all the information on the flight and gave me an emergency # for their dispatcher in case the flight was delayed and said a driver would be waiting for them at the airport with one of those nifty signs.I received an e-mail confirmation, a follow up call to confirm the pickup and a follow up e-mail that the transaction was complete.  Sometimes with cabs and other services you feel a bit uneasy that the pickup isn't going to happen or something is going to go wrong.  Not with these guys.  BTW they're open 24 hours which is comforting in case you need a pickup at 3am.....Great service makes me happy.  Rose is highly recommended in my book!!!
5	We used them for the eagles concert. They were professional in very way. Starting from the initial contract communication to the actual ride to our venue.Vehicle was clean and driver Maliko was courteous and professional. I would use them again and again.
5	Rose Transportation made our clients getting to the airport from our office as painless and professional as possible.  I was able to get a quote online, without talking to a person, which made me very happy, and then was able to quickly book the town car once flights were confirmed.The day of the pickup, the driver arrived early and let our receptionist know he was there.  He waited patiently in his car while the meeting ran late and then got them to the airport, quickly and safely, to beat their flight out of Charlotte.  Needing a receipt for an expense report, I called and spoke with another friendly representative, who was immediately able to email it to me. Quick and efficient, professional and courteous, I would not hesitate to use Rose again should the need arise, and I have forwarded their information to others at my office to use.
