5	I have been working with these guys for over a year now and they have saved me more times than I can remember!  Affiliate marketing is a very specific business and these guys know all about it and how to look at my site and tell me exactly what I can and cannot say. These guys are worth every penny! In the internet work if you get into trouble you will pay one way or another! I would rather pay them to have my back!
5	These guys know their stuff.  If you're in the tech world, then these guys speak your language.
5	Like the 5 star rating says, "as good as it gets." As an internet startup, we are fortunate to have access to legal services from Kelly Warner that meet our standards for the cutting edge. We had a number of legal items that needed attention and its attorneys were able to address them quickly and professionally. Aaron Kelly called us and talked to us on Skype personally to make sure we were taken care of. Plus, he's a pleasant guy with a great sense of humor which is not common in this field.  If you have legal concerns . . . . call or email Aaron.
4	Aaron Kelly knows tech and he knows marketing. The guy is a fountain of information. A great combination for any start-up.
5	If you are in online marketing and not using these guys.. You are missing out!
5	the Kelly Warner law firm always delivers great results. They are surprisingly almost always available via Skype/phone/email. That is why I remain a client of theirs. Most of all, they speak tech/internet marketing and they got to work immediately on my case. These guys are the real deal.
5	Aaron has helped me out of a few jams when things looked negative and we thought that there was no light at the end of the tunnel. Fortunately we were referred to Aaron Kelly who is the solution to any technical problems or issues that I had online. Thank you for helping out when things looked grim.
5	If you're in the Internet marketing space like me, then Kelly Warner is the place to go.  It's amazing how much they know about the industry and how available they are.  I have my contact there on Skype and he hits me back quickly every single time I message him.  And this is not a paralegal either -- it is the actual attorney.  He is also available by personal cell for questions or concerns I have.  Honestly, this is the only law firm I have actually enjoyed dealing with.  Good people.  Killer lawyers.  And awesome service.
5	I've used Aaron for a number of contracts for my startup internet businesses.  He has always provided awesome service and got back to me promptly about any questions or concerns I had.  He actually understands the online industry and definitely does not give off a creepy money grubbing lawyer vibe like a lot of lawyers i have worked with in the past.  Would recommend his firm to all of my friends.
5	A lot of people say lawyers are like sharks, but I wouldn't say that about Aaron Kelly. He's more like a bear - warm and fuzzy, but fierce when necessary.I consult with a variety of clients on internet marketing topics, and I don't hesitate to call on Aaron Kelly for questions about relevant laws and emerging areas of concern to my clients. He knows his stuff, and he's an all-around pleasant guy to deal with. I can't comment on his partner, but the guy can't be all bad if he works with Aaron.As an example, I have one client in the online dating industry. Because they work with numerous third-party marketing partners (affiliates), I called on Aaron to do a brief call with the client and myself to go over things they can do to minimize their liability. Not only did he answer all their questions, but he also gave me a great recommendation for a donut place next time I'm in Austin.
5	When I was starting my online business, the Kelly/Warner Law team was my go-to.  Aaron was available 24/7 to assist me one-on-one with any and all questions that I had pertaining to my website.  His knowledge of the online legal world made me feel confident that my idea would be protected and that my liabilities were kept to a minimum.  I would highly recommend these guys to anyone in the startup stages of their business.  5 stars for sure!
