3	A few weeks ago, a group of us decided to have an out of town day so went to the Deep Sea World (which I would recommend) and then back to The Hawes Inn in South Queensferry. I will admit when I was first told we were heading to the Hawes in I may have misconstrued it, so was always going to be a bit disappointed. However the lack of exotic dancers wasn't the only thing wrong with this pub. Found (difficultly from the train station - you have to walk through a wood to get to it) right on the Firth, the pub is in a great location and is in a large building with a good sized building so should have been really good. This was not the case. The service was terrible; bless her, the girl working was on her first day and din't know what the hell was going on but the manageress just stood at the other end of the bar watching her struggle for about 10 minutes before she reluctantly came over to help. After that palaver we ordered some food, which was decidedly average. It's hard to mess up a steak sandwich, burgers, and scampi, but they gave it a good go.On the plus side, the pub is really nice inside and is huge, so if there are a few of you, it's a good size to accommodate you all. The bar is pretty massive as well, with an extensive selection of drinks, especially wines. This is a pub that should be really good, it just seems to be let down by staff that don't really give a damn.
3	The Hawes Inn, at the far end of South Queensferry is one of the more well known pubs-hotels in the area. From the outside it looks quite traditional and quite small, however looks can be deceiving.  The main bar is quite large and has an extensive bar. It has a good selection of ales, including Deuchers, so I was very chuffed with that. The bar has a good amount of wooden tables, suitable for groups during lunches and dinners. The exterior is quite traditional and at times the bar, due to its size partly, does feel quite cold at times.The food on offer is mostly your normal pub group food and is not that expensive, but not that cheap.Defiantly worth a try if your in the area.
3	We ended up here after doing the Shore walk from Cramond. It was a Sunday and it was very, very busy. It was very obviously the staff were flat out either because it was so busy or they were short staffed. I completely understand so I can't be too picky since having worked in customer service, I really felt bad for them. However, they did manage to come clean the table and eventually came back to take our food order. Getting our drinks at the bar was very quick, so that was a plus to at least have drinks sorted quickly. We only ordered a few nibbles, which includes a cheese board, the Mediterranean bread board and the beef pie. The cheese board was good and we a nice thing to share. I didn't try to beef pie, but the group thought it was okay. Very big size, but very sauce filled. It was not the thick filling one would expect from a pie, and looked more like gravy. The breads were okay, but nothing special as it was just served with olive oil. It is a very quaint pub and a nice warm place to stop after the long walk in he cold, but as far as dining goes, it is not really my cup of tea. I think it would be nicer if it wasn't as busy, so maybe on a weekday for an afternoon stop.
2	We booked a table on line for 5 on a Sunday evening and specified the "Robert Louis Stevenson Room"  We arrived on time and there were plenty of spare tables to be had but we were placed in the middle table in a nook at the far end of the bar in fact as far away as possible from where we asked to be placed, when asked if a table could be had where requested, we were ignored then abandoned.They were out of most of their beer and of the one I ordered only one pint was had before we ran out of it as well.We ordered our food and since no one else came into the restaurant when we were ordering we were all assuming we would get what we ordered: wrong.   The waiter came back 15 mins after the order was placed to advise 2 members of our party that they were out of their choices.Service was slow, for a barely populated restaurant.  The beer choice was almost none existent due to them running out.    When interaction did occur the staff were friendly and apologetic but management need to seriously review their resourcing and training if this is normal, and, given previous reviews I think ti is.
3	Went to the Hawes Inn for dinner and it was fine, but not good enough that you'd be rushing back.The food is quite typical pub fare - fish & chips, pies etc.  I had the scampi which was pretty decent and the steak pie also looked quite nice - there's a comfort factor in knowing what you're going to get with pub food and in this respect it didn't disappoint.The service wasn't quite so good - our waitress was lovely, but seemed to be the only one working across the restaurant area, so attracting attention was always a hassle.  This becomes frustrating when you have to wait for the menus, then wait to order, then wait for your bill... If I was planning to come to South Queensferry for a meal, I'd try to book into Orocco Pier along the road or one of the other restaurants in the High Street rather than the Hawes Inn, however as a backup it's handy to have.
