3	Reliable.  'Nuff said.
5	Au Bon Pain is my go to place at the Philly airport and downtown Pittsburgh.  I love their pre-made salads!  I usually go for the Mediterranean chicken salad. I've heard their soups are tasty but I have yet to venture there.  I've had their breakfast sausage/egg sandwiches on asiago bagel! WOW!! filling and super tasty.  Remember to ask for vegetables and cheese on it.  Try their jalapeno MAYO!! Tasty!!I would highly recommend this place for lunch and for people on the GO!!
2	This place would be great but the floor has been stickier than the floor at an adult bookstore for over a month.  Don't go after lunch.  The coffee has been sitting and will be empty by 3pm.
4	While I have been avoiding most chains during my different-place-for-lunch-every day mutli-month campaign, I ended up here today and was pleasantly surprised.There are many bread choices for sandwiches, and a wide array of soups and suggested sandwiches.  I had the Chicken Avocado on white and it was good. The chicken noodle was boring but acceptable.It was definitely an OK lunch and I'll be back.  Four stars because it's a chain and service was just mediocre.
5	Everything you could want from an Au Bon Pain. Fresh coffee. Super friendly and attentive staff.
4	Visited a second time recently.The Chicken Caprese on Ciabatta with pesto was great. Fresh bread, fresh cold mozz -- it was great.The chicken noodle soup was good, too.While this may be a commonplace chain, I find it very acceptable for lunch.  Maybe a little pricey.....
1	I work in the EQT building that houses this particular Au Bon Pain, so unfortunately I get coaxed into going because I don't have to venture outside in the cold or rain.  Not sure why I get anything other than coffee and a bagel because frankly this place sucks.  I hate to leave it that simply, but it does.  It's expensive, very expensive for what it is.  Close to ten bucks for watered down soup and a bagel?  Give me a break.  I implore you to try somewhere else for lunch when you're downtown, there are so many local places that will feed you much better than Au Bon ever will and probably will do it for half the price.
3	I'm not the biggest fan of any Au Bon Pain. Their bagels taste like 'adequate' mid-western bagels. I know we have bunches of them in the city. Anyway, we just grabbed bagels in Pittsburgh to go. My sister got a fancy schmancy wasabi avocado and salmon with cream cheese bagel sandwich. Ok. It was pretty good and price wise it was way cheaper than you would find a bagel with fresh salmon on it in New York. I stuck with a plain jalapeno bagel with cream cheese because I wasn't being fancy and it was an expected chewy, doughy mid-western bagel. She also got a small turkey chili bowl. Because hey, sometimes one craves chili at 9 in the morning, right?! I tried it. It was alright. A little bland. What else can I say about Au Bon? Their coffee is decent. Sister likes to put about a pound of splenda into it so I couldn't get the full essence but I've partaken in a cup or two when the Au Bon used to be open across the street from my office. Pretty sure one of our Senior Partners on a rare occasion used to bring in the cherry Danish pastries from there which are pretty all right. It was clean. It was moderately priced. It was Au Bon. That is all.
5	My mother, a 70 year old woman with slight reliance on a cane loves to lunch here.  She loves the Spinach Croissant.  She said she was fortunate to get the last one yesterday.  She said she even prayed that they would have one left.  She also got 2 hard boiled eggs and they gave her Dijon mustard and mayo so that she was able to sit there and make deviled eggs on the way to Bible school...Lol.  She says she wished they would've had a packet of relish, but they didn't.  She also enjoys the people who eat here.  She said she enjoyed talking to a patron from Rochester, NY, about the french culture. The lady told her that she was taught that it it is juvenile to pose a question which Q'est Que Ce...My mother is taking a french class on Wednesday evenings.  I told her Rosetta Stone offers a great intro for free online, but she is yet to get a MacPro.  She used to use her Acer, but I don't know where she put it since she's moved from North Carolina back to Pittsburgh, PA.Mom says these items do cost more than anywhere else but she does not mind spending the extra. She enjoys sitting at the wooden tables and chairs. Mom hung out from 9:05 to 11:30 just reading her french lessons.Mom went in again today. She was trying to see the differences in the sizes of soup. She got the Lentil, Curry, Tomato Sauce, and Rice Soup.  She says it was ok, not special.She says she likes the lemon poundcake because it is very much like her mother used to make.
3	This location is better than some as the line seem to move relatively quickly. I also enjoy adding any sized coffee for 99 cents if you buy a breakfast sandwich. I like stopping in on my way to work for a skinny bagel with avocado and egg whites. It's not to bad, and can sometimes be tasty.That being said, the food is way overpriced for the quality. The create your own salad at lunchtime option is nice, but for $7.99, it would be nice to have fresh lettuce. The roast beef sandwich with herbed cheese is another go to, and I have never been let down by this sandwich. However, it really is overpriced.The soup selection is good, however, if you're in the mood for mac and cheese, get there early because it usually runs out at about 12:30.
3	I think the prices are so outrageous I will not give anymore than 3 stars to Au Bon Pain.  I went into to get some tomato Basil soup unfortunately they were not serving it at this location so I purchased to Asiago cheese bread sticks and promptly exited.
3	In the vein as Panera, Au Bon Pain serves up calorie-laden treats that are pretty good, but hardly worth the impact on the waistline. The soups are good (although, I'm not sure there's actually any lobster in the lobster and corn bisque), and I like their Greek yogurt parfaits from time-to-time. If you're downtown and need a dependable and quick bite, it's not a bad option, but it's rarely my go-to lunch/snack spot. The plus side is that it's quick, but this location is a little chaotic with the way the sandwich line fills up and interferes with customers' ability to access the soups easily and the cashiers being in the middle of the restaurant. The layout leads to lines everywhere and a lot of, "excuse me" and, "sorry, can I get...I just need to grab...um, thanks...sorry" interactions from the patrons. Also, the grab-it-yourself approach to the pastries, etc. isn't my favorite, either. For something that I'm not going to heat up, I don't like thinking about the free-for-all of indecisive hands picking up and putting back pastries. The plasticware and napkins are also in a weird location (In the corner, near the lobby-side entrance only). For a chain, I'm surprised by the lack of order, but when you're in a hurry, you're in a hurry, and if you've got the calories to spare, at least you know you'll get a consistent meal at Au Bon Pain.
