5	Mojo Physio was my go to when it came to therapy during my time playing high school sports. They really were a big part of keeping me on the court and improving my overall sports performance. Really friendly therapists, and best pricing around!
5	MojoPhysio helped me immensely with my chronic pain due to a torn rotator cuff. I was referred there by a fellow golfer and the results have been a dramatic increase in my ability to play golf again and to carry on day-to-day, pain free! I highly recommend their services! Mark K.
5	I have pain in my wrist and thumb and am now pursuing Massage Therapy (MT) to help me resolve my trigger points and hopefully mitigate pain.  I made appointments with three different MT's to assess several practices in the Phoenix metro.  Mojo Physio and their Neuromuscular Release Therapy is one of the best!  Chad worked on me and I felt great relief afterward.  The office is not fancy but it is professional and comfortable (way more important than fancy for me), there is one big room with tables, the MT's work at each table.   I look forward to working with these folks further in the future to help me stay pain free as I age.  Thank you for your service!
5	I purchased a Groupon for Mojo Physio thinking it was a massage but I was wrong and I am so glad I was wrong.  Some things are just meant to be.  I ended up scheduling as appointment after I experienced a rotator cuff injury.  I literally couldn't move my arm in much of any direction without anguishing pain.  I went to their website and started reading on the therapy which sounded like it would be helpful.  They are located in the Scottsdale Airpark area around Scottsdale and Thunderbird.  I had my first appointment with Laura.  She is a nice, pleasant, and incredibly interesting person.  She did an initial assessment and then asked me a serious of questions about how I was feeling overall, my injury, etc.  And then away she went.  I noticed a significant improvement after my first treatment and have been in 3 others times: twice with Laura and once in their downtown location with Alex who is also excellent.   I recommend Mojo Physio one million percent.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!
