3	This place doesn't make any promises about being glamorous.  What it does promise is a clean room at a low price.  They have rates as low as $30 a night during the week and $50 on the weekends.  I wouldn't quite call it a Casino, I think the title Gambling Hall fits it well.  There are probably 3-4 dozen slot machines.  They had one of two roulette tables running and two of three blackjack tables going.  There was also this mini craps table that made me chuckle.  One half of the bar is a sports book of sorts.  The table limits were pretty low.  I think they had $5 and $3 black jack, and the roulette was $2.  Since the craps wasn't being played, they didn't have a placard, so I'm not sure what limit that was.Some of the 'nice' casinos cover up the smoke smell with scents that are sometimes more nauseating than stale cigarettes,  but not at the Triple W.  They don't try to hide the smoke smell.  The hotel is used a lot by truckers since there's a truck lot right next door.  So it'll be truckers and chain smoking locals pushing the Max-Bet button on the slots when you check in.  I wasn't coughing when I walked in, they kept the air clean, but it definitely smelled like my mother's home-office in the basement after she finished working on the months payroll.  So when you check in, don't wear the clothes you plan to have on when you go out that night.  Speaking of going out, it's a very short drive to the Strip (about half of a mile) or a brisk walk, if that's your thing.  The parking at the Excalibur is free which is something I'm sure you're looking for if you're the type who plans on staying at the WWW.  The location of this place is great.  It's right off the Interstate and is less than a mile from the corner of Trop. Ave and the Strip (Where MGM Grand, Excalibur, NY/NY, and the Tropicana are).  For as sketchy as the Casino err.. I mean 'Gambling Hall' was, I didn't feel unsafe, and the room was quite nice.  I've been in plenty of nicer hotels in my day that had musty ash-tray smelling non-smoking rooms.  Not only did our room not even have a hint of cigarette stink, it was clean, the bathroom had hot water (My friends staying at the Excalibur didn't) and it had all the towels and hotel shampoo we needed.  There was even a pool, but it was too cold for us to use it.  All in all, we were quite pleased with the place.
1	I stayed here a couple of months ago for a work trip.  NASCAR was in town so there were no other hotels available.  I knew nothing about this place.  I arrived into town and drove around looking for the building.  Couldn't find it.  Finally I see a sign for the hotel at a truck stop.  Oh wait, the truck stop is the hotel.  Everything about this place was grimy.  You know those nasty hotels you see in movies where people are getting killed and chopped up, this was it.  Everything in my room was nasty.  No TV, no clock, no lock.  Everything had a stain on it.  I considered sleeping in my car the first night, but I ended up sleeping in all my clothes and a large winter coat.  The room above me I heard a fight and a possible murder.  My car parked three feet from my room had the plates stolen from it.  The casino was dank and depressing.  The buffalo burger I had there was actually pretty good.  If you can avoid it, do.  Sleep in your car or gamble, drink, and snort coke all night.
4	I don't know why I have to give this thing a 4 star but I couldn't find a reason to give it lower either. The gambling hall is steeped indeed steeped in smoke like the previous reviewer mentionecd. I was in there for a grand total of 1 hour for breakfast and I indeed smelled like "one of them" afterward.However, my room was clean and crisp. It had a TV and phone, no alarm clock. The shower surround was newish, so was the shower curtain. It was clean and had the basices in there. I was in a non-smoking room. The people were all friendly at the front desk. I still slept in a sleeping bag on the bed to be safe since I left my forensic UV torch at home.The other reason why I bumped this to 4 star was because that a DOLLAR-FIFTY breakfast exists here. Whats that you say? You mean like in the early 2-dollar GrandSlam Dennys days? Yup. I was shocked to see that a sub 2-dollar breakfast existed. Who knew. I didn't try it but it was your basic grand slam minus pancakes with eggs, bacon toast and hash. I had the chicken fried steak at their little grill. While the coffee was bad enough to pass as garbage-piss-teawater mixed with random pharmaceutical trash from your local walgreens, the breakfast was edible. The chick-fried steak tasted like a clean chicken-finger with a standard tasting gravy on top, eggs tasted like your standard tortured chicken bumnut that you'd get most places with a little hint of grassiness, hashbrowns properly browned and a tad mushy.Considering the price and the return of the sub 2-dollar breakfast, for its target market it gets a 4 star.I guess this is the last of the so-called old-style vegas with the cheap thrills, stays and gambling -- or so the local cabbys tell me.
3	There is nothing wrong with this hotel...they just renovated half the hotel so you might luck out and be able to get a newly revamped room.The casino is small, but the excalibur and luxor are right down the street if you want a larger one. I have no complaints about this hotel except the lack of liqour at the bar. They only have a few brands of each kind of liqour. Good luck getting some grey goose!! lol.In the end, its cheap and not too far from the strip. Ive stayed here 3 times.
4	So I just got back from my first time in Vegas, and wow! Way to go seedy, creepy Wild Wild West. I got a really decent deal here over travelocity last minute for new years eve. At first I thought it was a little too creepy, but then you realize that everyone there is just shady looking, not seriously, actually shady. I got a nice room that didn't smell bad (although I did smell the neighbors marijuana through the bathroom somehow [shared shower vent perhaps] on my last morning there) overlooking the pool. Hotel desk staff were nice and knowledgeable, the gambling hall was 2nd best (blackjack)(turns out I don't like overpriced strip tables all that much) I found, and the cafe was seriously crappy. But, I got to leave my car in the lot and take a nice 10 minute walk to Excalibur, MGM Grand, New York New York, et cetera. I did not feel unsafe at all, even when the creepy guy next to me lost like a thousand bucks in two hands on his "way to work" at 3 in the morning and then started stalking around the premises. If you are like me and need a cheap place in Vegas but want to stay near the strip, I recommend this place whole- heartedly!
4	This place is old school. So old school in fact, you'll be sharing tables with walkers, dentures, oxygen tanks and maybe a gereatric mum grabbing your young firm meat. It's a good spot though when you've had your fill of the glitzy big time casinos dipping their hands into your wallets and loosing you're retirement funds by the 3rd hand. They have a very tiny casino, with one table each of the main games; black jack, roulette, craps and poker. Don't let this detour you, cause after the big casinos, when you're down to your last few bills and you're not even drunk yet, you can make your way through the smoke cloud, grab a seat, slow play and enjoy the waitress coming by with a stiff fresh drink while your current is still half way full. They're friendly, usually slow, and appreciate the company at 3 or 4am. Plus they still have the $2.99 T-bone steak and egg specials from days gone by. It may not be the tastiest, but at 5am, after 10 solid hours of drinking and gambling, it'll taste like heaven.Just don't stay here, seems a bit seedy
5	day 17 of my yelp tourthis review is based purely on the gambler's grill. the casino is dead. but its low limits so a good spot to try to get some of your money back when you are down to 5 bucks.but the restaurant inside, is super cheap and super good. their burger is like 3 bucks and damn tasty. they got 2 dollar breakfast specials too. all the locals and truckers seem to come here and eat.i thought the only thing i had in common with a trucker was my sore ass. now its my sore ass and this diner!
4	had some friends in town for the final 4....as usual i am limo driver / tour guide / etc which i'm cool  with but it does wear me out !  still not sure how we got here but wound up at the coffee shop for "brunch " ....no frills here ...definite working class ... place caters to the truckers ... i ahd the meatloaf special ( still not sure why ) my friend had a reuben sandwich and other friend had pizza/salad combo - total cost $25 !!!  the food really ain't bad ....it's just your basic coffe shop  i would eat there over denny's any day of the week !
2	Sprawling two-level Southwestern motel is good if you're looking for rock-bottom rates (well, rock-bottom plus a surprise $5.40/day  "amenities fee" - like the cable and local calls, whether used or not.)  The no-frills room was a little cramped but quite clean.  It's only a 10 minute walk from The Strip, but you have to pass through Excalibur's parking lot and hop some out-of-view stairs under the highway that have that chalk-outline je ne sais quoi.Security must be a bit of a concern here; several guards are posted, and I overheard one confidentially refer to some remarkable situation the previous night.  It was in another wing of the hotel, so it wasn't my mishap the night before:  I'm in bed, trying to sleep, and there's a knock on the door.  Not my door, but since the WWW is sorta flimsy, my door rattles when the next one down is rapped.  "Let me iiiin," snivels someone outside.  "Let me iiiin."  No response.  "Come on, I can't fucking sleep out here."  (And now I can't sleep in here, lady.)  Finally, she snits at the insider "I hope I fuckin' get *raped*."  Yeah, that'll show him.  Yeesh!   The insider was unmoved, and she kept coming back to whine.  After 30 minutes, either she got in, or I fell asleep since she used up her best arguments.  That's way too cavalier.  The pleading stopped and there was no noise, so I expect everything settled down for her.  But next time I'll probably pay more somewhere else in hopes of not having to face such questions.
3	first spot of the night stayed over at the Tropicana Hampton across the street from here already had a buzz going... as we walked through the parking lot I started noticing big trucker looking type guys...  some were walking with overalls and no shirts... started thinking what the?? but its Vegas..no problem.. once inside a lot of security with guns!! not good... oh well who cares can do... sat down at the penny slots waited and waited for some drink service and nothing it was a while before we got drinks.... however the big plus of the night I started with $5 bucks came out winning $150 on just the penny slots!!! dont care who you are when it comes to winning places seem to get better... after reading some reviews the next day and seeing this place in the morning its a truck stop!! that explained alot...and apparently its a locals place  still I would come back don't know about the rooms some reviews fair this place OK
1	don't ever pay the typical $50 a nite they want.  this place is worth $10/nite tops. it's a trucker casino/hotel.  run-down, nasty rooms. scary folk stay here. i've stayed here at least twice cos of my weirdo bud.  i'm dirtbag-chic, but this is silly. too expensive .  plenty of lot lizards trying to blow ya fer a 10 spot.  alright casino. very nice/cool staff.
5	Wild Wild West may not be your first rate, high end Hotel Casino but when you look at the price of hotels that are following the Luxury trail. Rooms going for $150.00- $300.00 per night or more. Sure the rooms may be bigger for the higher end rooms but really? How much time do you plan to spend in the room? I Loved my room, A short cab ride to the strip or if your hungry or thirsty in the middle of the night you can go to McDonald's or In-N-Out burger, There is a Denny's in the casino too. Or you can go eat at the strip hotels and pay over $100.00 for 4 people per meal. Save your money for the casinos. You have no alarm clock but really if you need one that bad use your cell phone. Of the many times I have been to Las Vegas I have never used an alarm clock. In the luxurious strip hotels you get charged $5.00 for a 6oz Coke or $10.00 for a bag of chips in your room fridge. Right across the street is a chevron station where you can get a 44oz soda and a bag of chips or a 12 pack of sodas for the price of one soda in a strip hotel room. I prefer to stay here so I can save money for the casinos. And if you get comped by a strip hotel, you have to play there to keep getting comped, stay at the WWW so you pay $22.00 per night Sunday through Thursday and $50.00 per night Friday and Saturday and play wherever you choose. In a strip Hotel if you play someplace else you stop getting comped. The bathrooms at the WWW are comfy and the water is awesome. The beds and linen are very comfy. Stay here and save your money, Your car is walking distance from your room, not a long walk or a long wait. If you don't want to go far or you just wake up in the middle of the night and want to gamble for a little while and go back to bed the the gambling hall is great!!!
2	Lower-scale haunt for the truck driver/ motorcycle crowd. Bad area of Trop near adult bookstores. Yuck. Small casino with the smallest sportsbook in town. Very low-priced meals - but with the kind of patrons that sort of thing inadvertantly attracts. I pass. I don't even want a quick drink here. I just want to get through the damn parking lot on my way to 'In-N-Out' burger without tripping over the crap... which is pretty deep around these parts.
3	This is by far the cheapest place near the strip and the 15 Fwy. Paying as little as you do, you can't ask for much in terms of quality. It does come attached to a Dennys and a mini Casino. It has a Pool and Spa. However the other guests/clientele are not quite top-notch. Not an ideal place for a family. Its almost a seedy motel, but not quite. Wouldnt want to keep any valuable in the room. The cable TV is pretty bad quality.  But there is hot water. Its right next door to a truck parking lot so expect a lot of big rig noise. Plenty of fast food places nearby. In-n-Out right next door. Overall not too bad. You dont spend too much time in your hotel in Vegas.
3	This is a review for the motel. I stayed here two years ago and then again this month. It seems that conditions are improving under Days Inn. The room was clean but the place is still a little bit run down. Look at it as a cheap place to stay.
1	There was a cockroach in my room and there was something looking like a drug bust going on in the parking lot...I'm not kidding, there were several unmarked police cars and people being handcuffed and taken away.Worst $29 I've ever spent.
4	OK OK OK.... now... YES this place looks like the hood... YES this place has rocks on the landscape instead of grass... yes the front office attendents are NOT the friendlist, but this place is PERFECT if your broke, cheap and still wana have a damn good time in the city of sin!+3 nights, 4 friends, 30 bucks each.. umm YES PLEASE+litterally walking distances from In and Out, McDonalds, Burger King, Jack n a Box and Wendys... can you say DOLLAR MENU!!??+Very comtortable beds! slept like a big ass baby!- Cleaning crew hella sucked! we all cleared our beds and put away our clothes and our beds were half assed made up... -Had to pay a sucurity deposit? odd, but got most of the money back at the end of our trip, except sum BS about cleaning fees, which was so0o lame since they only cleaned our room one time... BOTTOM LINE... total steal!! save all that money your gonna waste on a "snappy" room, and blow it on 1/2 yards of margaritas! VIVA LAS VEGAS BABY
4	I don't know if you want to believe the reviews from below me but I'm gonna tell you the truth. (also got pictures to prove it). This is a great place. Not only do they have taxis on site, the bus stops right across the street and runs 24/7. Also the front desk clerks were extremely friendly and helpful.To me, this hotel isn't in "the hood". It's a little ways down from the strip. (2 mins to be exact) It's not as ritzy as the strip but it's not the hood. No one is hanging out on the corner selling drugs. No one is on the corner panhandling. I have stayed in many Days Inn in my state and out of state, and it looks like a typical Days Inn.The price was unbeatable also. While my friends stayed at the Tropicana (which was 2 minutes away) at $89 a night. I paid a total of $104 for 4 nights in Vegas. They also have a huge parking lot and security is on site. This is also a truck stop because it's right off the highway. But the parking lot for truckers is not connected to the car lot. They have a huge lot next door for the truckers to park. Also I must agree about the gambling hall. It is smaller than the rest of the casinos, but where else can you go and play $3 blackjack and $5 craps? They have free wi-fi but I left my laptop at home (by accident). But no worries, in the lobby they have access to the internet. I paid $2 to log online and print out our boarding passes.I would say that it's more of an upscale motel. My only complaint about this place is that the room was a little small. Like I said, I have stayed in other Days Inn and the room was bigger. But ask yourself, are you really going to Vegas to stay in the room? If you are, go pay the money to stay in the upscale places.
4	This review is for the casino only. I've never stayed in the rooms and from looking at them, I probably wouldn't. But the casino is a lot of fun. There's a $3 blackjack table which doesn't have a long line like at hooters and all the dealers are pretty nice. There's a sportsbook with a giant whiteboard which is cool because it makes it easy to see the lines and matchups. There's a Denny's with good food, good prices, and theres a happy hour from 3-7 and 11pm-2am with $1 margaritas, $1 beers, and half price appetizers at the bar. If you're in vegas and looking for cheap fun, a denny's with a parking lot, or a way to get your girlfriend to try blackjack and only have to bet $3, this is the place to go.
3	I stayed here for 3 nights just a week ago. The casino is old and smoky. But the room was very clean and looked good for the rate. I booked through expedia.com. The rate included free value slam breakfast at Denny's. So it was a good deal.
3	This review is mainly for the hotel.Pros:- Cheapest we could find for this busy Spring Break week.- Rooms and parking spaces far closer to each other here than at budget Strip hotels. Stratosphere and Circus Circus suck.- Free wi-fi. I gotta have some Internet access without some overpriced daily access fee.- Pretty comfortable beds.- Sports room is pretty nice when you compare it to some other off-Strip places like the Palms and Rio. Here, you can easily see all of the TVs,  and they even show hockey games, which is what I was looking for. Of course they didn't play my game's audio since regular season baseball is apparently more important than playoff hockey, but it was still a welcome place.Cons:- Rooms seem a little small. There's not much floor space at all, and there's no armchair or second table.- Found a cockroach crawling up the wall. I'd bring the rating down more, but the place seemed clean enough otherwise and the little bugger wasn't crawling over our stuff or bodies or anything.
2	A friend had wont a trip and brought me along for the ride, and we had our room here. It wasn't what I would have picked, and its not where I'd take a girl if I were trying to impress her... but for a guys weekend where you need somewhere to rinse off and pass out, its not a bad deal at all. There's a Denny's attached, which was one of the more depressing things I saw in NV... it was clean, not far from the airport or the strip, and we always were able to get cabs quickly
4	This hotel was very clean, very quiet, and not far from the strip. The price was really nice. The price included free Grand Slams at the attached Denny's for both my husband and I for both days we stayed there, so that was nice. The casino was little but suitable if you just want to play a couple hands of blackjack and don't want to go all the way to the strip.I would stay here again for sure!
1	Two words: Bed Begs.I am giving this place a 1 star, only because it is the lowest rating available. I stayed here from 9/22/11 - 9/25/11 with a friend. For several days, we were getting insect bites and thought they were due to mosquitoes. On the 25th, we discovered the bed bugs in our sheets and checked out immediately (around 5 AM.) At the check-out lobby we brought them 3 bed bugs that we had found, killed, and wrapped in tissues. They made us fill out an incident report, and they took pictures of our bug bites, and our faces. They also made copies of our id cards. At our new location, we were able to scan all of our items and bags to make sure that we weren't carrying any unwanted passengers. Later that day, around 2PM, we went to speak to the manager of the Wild Wild West Days Inn to inquire about any action taken. He looked at us like we were crazy and told us "we brought in a team and didn't find anything."Mind you, we brought them 3 specimens earlier that day at 5AM. Never going there again because of their nonchalant attitude towards bed bugs and the lack of empathy they had. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Even my worst enemy.
5	The Wild Wild West is like the Oakland, CA or Newark, NJ of casinos: it has a fabulous view of the strip, yet is fabulous because it is just far enough away. With free wifi, cheap breakfast and a nice aesthetic this hotel is a perfect fit for the budget traveller driving through Las Vegas.
3	super cheap rooms, scary bathroom but had a strip view.  They gave out complimentary breakfast tickets to Denny's as well as free coffee.Bed was very comfy, thin walls and its vegas so you know whats going on next dooryou get what you pay for.
3	This hotel is perfect for the budget-minded visitor. Being a holiday week, almost every hotel was booked solid. The room was small but clean, free wi-fi, and a free breakfast at Denny's was included in the room rate. A great deal!
3	This Days Inn is in an attached and elderly casino that goes by the name "Wild Wild West". This is several blocks from the strip, but within walking distance of an In-N-Out, so it can't be all bad, right?To check-in, you have to go inside the casino, as the Days Inn front desk is located in a dark and smoke-filled corridor. Hold your breath, this place literally stinks of smoke-filled carpets. I feel sorry for the employees that have to work there.The room itself was fairly clean, if on the smaller side. We stayed on a lower-level, and had easy access to our car, which was parked right outside. They have an old-school hunker of a television, complete with adult programming available on demand. Well, welcome to Las Vegas, I guess?We tried to nab some ice for some of our drinks, but found the ice machine broken near our room on far end of the lot, so we had to walk all the way back to the front lobby area to find a one that worked. Meh.The room is no frills, as there's no microwave, mini-safe or fridge available. At least the bed was comfortable and the noise levels were low. An excellent night sleep was to be had in the plush King-size pillowtop.For breakfast, they give you complimentary coupons to visit the attached Denny's restaurant. (See my separate review here on Yelp.) You can pick between three free options, plus you receive a coffee coupon as well. The included wi-fi dropped out a few times, but overall worked fairly well. For the price, you get what you pay for, but as budget options go, you could do worse.
2	Welcome to the scummier side of Vegas!Where does one even start?Pros:+ Cheaper than real hotels/casinos+ Nobody in our party died while visiting here+ You can get real food at In-N-Out which is right next doorCons:- Tons of super sketchy folks outside and inside the casino and parking lots- Low ceilings do nothing but trap in cigarette smoke, it is totally disgusting to try and breath - The stained carpets trap in what smoke the ceiling doesn't- The slot machines broke three times in two days - The Denny's inside the casino is a joke, and without a good punchline (see my separate review)- The Days Inn desk is inside the casino, so there's no way to avoid the smoke or sketchy people- They had one dealer in the entire casino, at a blackjack table with one person, can you say dead?In short, if you want a decent experience in Vegas and can shake loose with the clams, stay on The Strip, or just find another budget option that doesn't choke you to death with fumes.
4	One night stay, mind you I am a local, I know this part town is know for prostitution, but I was pleasantly surprised, room Is very clean, casino is small, but overall for a one night stay just to get away is great. No fancy stuff, but decently clean it is motel style, but I was surprised that it was not actually "scarier" than I thought it would be, beds look brand new, comfortable bedding, would definitely not recommend to friends from out of town trying to experience the whole Vegas Thing, but for a one night stay or even two great price. FYI lots of police sirens are heard on the main street which is tropicana, the main crack whore drag, but it actually feels pretty safe inside the hotel compound.
4	My partner and I stayed here for one night in August. The off-strip location isn't ideal, but we were looking for cheap ($37 a night? Yes, please!) and had no real interest in doing Vegas. It was just our entry point for a Cali road trip that started in Death Valley.But back to the hotel! First thing: our king-sized bed was AMAZING. Like seriously, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The room was clean and quiet, on the second floor balcony overlooking the pool. No smoke smell, as some others reported, but that's probably because we had a non-smoking room (duh). There's free wifi, and you get a free breakfast at the connected Denny's, which was awesome. Who doesn't like Denny's breakfast? You have to take a 5 minute cab ride to the strip because of the massive freeway, but In & Out is right next door so you can get good food easily.We did not spend any time in the casino, but yes, there were some weird people hanging out there. But from our short Vegas experience, there are weird people in every Vegas casino. Although, some wasted girl did yell at us outside the hotel for no reason...
3	Clean, relaxing and the right price. You can't expect more than this for the price you pay. And every stay comes with a voucher for a free breakfast at Denny's
4	Days Inn at Wild Wild West - Great Budget and Decent Inn/ Motel off the StripFor someone on a budget who did not want to pay at least double during my stay at other places, this Days Inn at Wild Wild West has to be one of the better Motel/Inn setups at $35 per night plus taxes give or take $5.99 fee per day.   Pros vs Cons:Mine had the King bed with Plasma Screen and it looks like Days Inn took some time redoing the inside as it really looks like a decent hotel room in any great hotel.  The outside needs some work as it just looks like any old Motel but neat and tidy. The noise level is higher due to the fact that you're basically right off of Tropicana Blvd but it's bearable.  The registration area is a "blast from the past" as "this dump" reminds me of the 1970's in either an outdated or rustic feel.  I actually wouldn't mind it if they only added just stainless steel accents as an easy way to upgrade an old area look with a balance of New and Old look and it actually may look great that way.  You'll notice the old Machines and old carpet right away. It's definitely not the Luxor or Bellagio, lol.  They give free coffee and breakfast with its integrated Denny's.The downside has to be the SLOWEST WiFi I have ever experienced as I really needed WiFi for my stay here.  It states 11MBps, but the most I got was 130kbps to 56kbps download speeds.  Just HORRIBLE at this time and age (although it's free) but again, the actual room is great.***If you can deal with the Motel exterior with a great interior with a little bit of noise, this is a great budget place to enjoy Las Vegas!***
1	Beware! Saw Rat in my room! It ran to the bathroom not to be found, turds under mini fridge, immediately reported this to the front desk, received my refund, no apologies, immediately checked out!! Never gain will we step foot on this property!!!
5	This is a smaller hotel that is laid out like a little 2 story apartment building with the pool in the middle of the complex. The rooms are small but clean, the beds and pillows were very comfortable. The pool and hot tub area are very nice, lots of chairs and shade all day, a family or 2 during the day but nothing crazy going on. If your quite they will let you stay in past the 10pm close time. Its pretty quite at night, not alot going on. The casino area is very small and hardly has anyone playing in it. Its close to the strip, about 1/2 mile away, an easy walk. You get free breakfast and coffee at Dennys. Per night ranged from $30-35, a great deal! The place is definitely on the older side but it didn't really bother us, spent most of the time by the pool any ways. Over all, for the price this place is great.
1	This place was DISGUSTING! You expect it to not be so great because it's a slummy area in Vegas and one of the cheapest options but... This joint is a health hazard! There was MOLD growing on the ceiling, down the walls and all over the exhaust vent in the bathroom! The ceiling above the shower was drooping and falling apart because of what I assume to be a leak in the room directly above. The carpets are completely stained with black, who knows what, the water smelled like sewage and the beds like pesticides!I stayed one night and left to stay with a friend at a different hotel. I should have asked for my money back! NEVER have I stayed in a place so gross and have to pay over $200! I was there to sing for an event and got sick and couldn't breathe after the first night. I do NOT recommend staying here!! Unless you want to risk getting ill from black mold.I have contacted the Nevada department of health in hopes they can force them to clean that place up! I even took photos of the mold.
2	I had some good old school roomies visiting and they bought a room here for $22 a night. Wow that's a great deals right? Um you get what you pay for. Guys-If you would like a cheap place to crash when you are here in Vegas then go for it! Women-This place is next to a truck stop so subsequently not a safe place for you to stay unless you are a working girl or drug addict, there was an abundance of those roaming around the Wild Wild West.They have a small gaming area with just a few table video games, a roulette wheel, and a crabs table. If you need food to eat, there's a Denny's but service is on the slow to snail speed due the apparent under staffing.   The rooms are kinda smelly, largely a musky smokey odor.  I did see a cockroach, only one in this place was actually  not too bad.   All and all I personally wouldn't stay here, unless you are on a shoe string budget and just need a place to crash.
4	Reading the reviews this motel seemed a gamble: just what we planned to do in Vegas ;) Seriously, I didn't feel like paying $200 a night for a place I would spend  8 hours (if that) a day. So, we gambled and $35 a night got us a clean room, comfortable bed, free WiFi, Denny's value slam breakfast included & just off the strip. The casino is small but excellent for some late night gambling. The casino crowd is mixed during the day, many locals. Late at night it gets quiet and yes the crowd goes more "shady", we never felt unsafe though. Nobody bothered us in in any way, people were quiet and friendly (and should this comfort you even more: there's always the security guys keeping an eye on things) Yep, I'd say we hit the jackpot here :)))
4	For just under $40 a night including tax and resort fee during weekdays, this Days Inn offers a great price to stay in Vegas if you're a budget traveler like me. This place is also convenient since it's located just less than a mile off the strip.I checked in here twice and both experiences had been pleasant. For my first time, the receptionist was even nice enough to upgrade my room from king size to 2 queens for free.For my second time, the receptionist originally gave me a room that was located just outside of the generator. Since I was going hiking early next morning to the Valley of Fire, I really needed the sleep so I went back to the front office. Without any hassle, I was given another room all the way in the back. It was very quiet which was exactly what I wanted.One of the best thing about staying here is that free breakfast at Denny is also included. The menu is limited to 3 choices but they are all good!
5	They've done some renovations here, they added brighter lights outside in the parking lot. The waitress during the day is very nice on the gaming floor. They will cater to your needs, a small but good paying casino (sign up for the Station Casino card).  Room rates are cheap, and the resort fees aren't bad.  The people are friendly, plenty of parking, a view of the strip from lot, and you're minutes from everything you'll need/want/desire. You get a Denny's value slam breakfast included with your stay, the rooms are clean.  Security constantly patrols the area, & they have wifi.
3	Exactly what I expected out of a Day's Inn. The room was clean and priced right. I had a pet with me and they charged $15/day for my small dog. Well worth not having to sneak her into a motel.
3	Decent cheap hotel. Nothing spectacular. Good for those looking for a cheap room close to the strip.
1	I had a horrible experience at this hotel. Housekeeping stole my ring that i left in the hotel. It was horrible. I will never stay here again.
3	You get what you pay for.The Good: Cheap! Thursday thru Sunday 3 night stay with taxes, resort fees, etc ran me under $140. The bed was comfortable. The room was pretty clean. Location is very convenient to I-15 and the Strip.The Not-so-good: Asked for a quiet room at check in but got one with quite a bit of road noise and 18 wheeler parking lot noise (west side of the building). Even with the portable white noise machine, there was plenty to hear all night long. Wifi capacity was pretty slow. Breakfast is "free" but drinks, etc cost extra. Food is good. We got out for $8 plus every morning for two drinks and tips. We were on the second floor and the floor was really squeeky. I really hope there was no one below or it would have driven them nuts. When someone drags a heavy suitcase or the staff push a laundry cart by, you feel the vibration through the bed.Would I stay again. Sure, but only because it's a trip on a tight budget.
3	I like it. They used to have $20 dollar rooms. Stayed here once when i came to vegas for the hell of it on my bike. I took my wife here on a budget trip. That didnt go so well. Went up to our room she opened the door, and some one was still in there. She freaked out. We can never stay there again together. I would if i am on a budget. Even now with resort fees it is cheap. It is right off the strip. Many truckers stay here. This isnt for everybody though. If some things bother you do not stay there. If you have standards even slightly high i would not stay here. This is a cheap sleep and go type place. Shower sleep and leave.
3	I'm a clean freak when it comes to hotels, but I also wanted something very budget friendly so I could spend my money elsewhere, so after days and days of researched, I settled on Days Inn LV Wild Wild West. There was a short line with a 20 minute wait when I arrived at check-in time (3:00 pm). Everyone in front of me did not have reservations, but got a room quickly. When I inquired about my reservation, I was informed that none of the reserved rooms were clean so I'd have to come back in an hour. I found that distasteful. I returned in an hour only to be given a room where the keys didn't work. After spending an extra 30 minutes to realize that the problem was with the door and not the keys, I was given a new room. I reserved the room on a popular travel website who booked a handicap accessible room. This was fine, except the bathroom had some issues. The bathroom and shower were practically one - sharing the same floor, so the entire bathroom got wet when I took a shower. Also, the cleaning job on that floor was not so good - black footprints on the tile. Otherwise, the hotel was clean. House-keeping cleaned my room on the second night. And breakfast at Denny's was included in the $9 dollar "resort fee." The Denny's breakfast was from a limited list of 3 choices - 1. The Value Slam. 2. Oatmeal and Toast and 3. 2-Egg Omelet with Hash Browns and Toast. It was a decent breakfast.The best thing about this hotel was the location. Only 3 blocks and 10 minutes away from the strip, I still felt like I was in the middle of the action. I had a great view of the strip from my room. The walk to the strip is not for the faint at heart, or children, or handicapped. You have to cross the freeway feeder with no crosswalk and no sidewalks. Portions of the walk are actually on the roadway.
4	Whenever I come to Vegas I always stay here because I hate to deal with casinos on The Strip where u have to walk forever from parking lot to front desk to your room. This Days Inn is pretty close to the strip as you can get and you won't have to walk too far from parking to front desk, then to your room, everything is pretty convenience. Gas station, Jack in the Box, Wendy's, In N Out are all within walking distance. Their rooms are pretty nice and clean, gotta love their white comforter and multiple pillows. I always request 2nd floor room by the poolside so I could see the Strip from my window. Overall this Days Inn is a great place to stay without paying high price. I usually book thru Wyndham website cuz they always have great price there. U can sign up for a free account so u can earn points whenever u book thru them. The only problems I have are not enough cable channels and their smokey casino, but if u can look past that, u will enjoy this place.
2	Donna the front desk lady was wonderful, helpful and friendly, but it was downhill from there.  the wifi did not work most of the week and when I repeatedly brought it up to management and their IT phone number, just got apologies, no problem solving and "well it's just you I guess you'll need to stay somewhere else.". Eventually on Wednesday evening the GM came to my room and to be fair did offer to let me switch rooms but by that time moving didn't work for other reasons and I just activated tethering on my phone.  I'm an IT person, this doesn't work.  If wifi doesn't work for you good luck because no ethernet in rooms!  2 girls other than Donna have superficiality and passive aggressive attitude. Cystala at the bar is nice.  Denny's is underwhelming and amateurish.  The room had a few paint and bathroom blemishes but was clean. I suppose you get what you pay for, but people expect wifi. Fix it!
5	I love this place. We always stay here, have for over 6 years now and we travel to Vegas often. It's very inexpensive, and I mean it's not The Venetian but it's clean and nice enough. I've never had a problem. The staff is friendly, rooms are always clean and up to par. It's quiet but still close enough to the strip. I've never felt unsafe either like some have stated. The only other place we stay is The Venetian and that's when we splurge but for a few fun nights without breaking the bank this is the place!
5	This place for the price was totally comfy and the free Dennys breakfast tops it off. Close to the strip. I definitely recommend ot
2	The place was just okay. The front desk staff looked miserable and were not interested in helping the customers. My carpet by the front door of my room #904 was FILTHY FILTHY FILTHY! PLEASE CLEAN OR REPLACE THE DAMN CARPETS! I asked for a double room and they gave me a king instead. I was able to bring my dog and won over $1000 in their small casino....Thanks! The Dennys restaurant was very delicious and I absolutely love the gift shop staff....so nice and upbeat. Its an okay place to stay when ur on a budget but I won't be going back to stay again....it just felt weird....But I'll come back to win some money again though!
4	I believe this hotel is hit or miss, my boyfriend and I along with another couple each booked separate rooms at the same time and had very different experiences. I had room 805. The king size bed was massive and very comfortable, the TV is a little hard to figure out and there are only three outlets in the entire room. Room service came every other day which was fine with us. The couple we traveled with had a room on the 900 side and had very loud people above them, they complained that they couldn't sleep due to the noisy neighbors. Their room was a smoking room and had cigarette burns in the carpet. The breakfast coupons they give you are nice and the ice coffee is free refills which I thought was generous, however vouchers are only redeemable until 12 and sometimes the wait can be very long. The walk to the strip really isn't bad at all, a little inconvenient but the hotel location next to IN N OUT makes up for it.The staff was a little snotty all around and for staying there five days we paid a $33 service fee upon checking out.All in all I believe a lot of the bad reviews here come from independent factors such as noisy/obnoxious neighbors and other things not always in the hotels control. Not a bad place to stay at all.
4	I stayed here a total of 5 nights.  At first I was like, it looks older, doesn't look like they keep up with anything but they do and it's great for the price.  You get free breakfast everyday at Dennys.  Staff is friendly.  It's not on the strip but very close by.  So there's not a lot of traffic when u try to get on freeway. .Which is awesome because it's close to on and off ramps.  The bedrooms itself is above average.  The beds and linen is clean and comfy.  The showers and floors were ok.  We had the bottom floor so we could just park right next to our door, walk out, and boom we're at the car.  Overall, great for the money.  If u don't wanna deal with traffic or the hassle of too much people in your way of getting to your hotel room,this is the place to be.
1	My dad and I have been visiting the Days Inn Hotel for 3 years and are loyal guests. Unfortunately, this time around on 5/12/14-5/16/15 he encountered a very bad experience. I'm writing this in hopes that others will be aware of the deceit that he had experienced while visiting this last time around and hopefully not be stuck in the same predicament. First, the marquee had advertised $38/night, but of course there is fine print and that wasn't the case once parked and inside. So, he negotiated a verbal deal with the receptionist Deborah getting it down to $60/night. At the end of the stay he was billed $100 more than what was promised. Assuming there a mistake he tried to remove the extra charge but nobody was there willing to help. There was no manager to talk to and he had to leave for his flight. He was left with a helpless feeling an a huge overpriced bill. Since then, messages have been left with the hotel to try to recover the money and nobody has returned his messages. Any management help would be appreciated. I will no longer be staying here and either will any of my family members and just very disappointed.
4	My husband and I enjoyed our stay, but it wasn't without its problems. I booked the hotel through priceline.com and yes there was about a $6 a night hotel fee which covers the Denny's breakfast you get each day (valid only until 12pm btw) Since I saw on Yelp that people seemed to be confused about the total price of the room after fees and all, I just made sure to call and ask for a price total before I left for my trip so I knew exactly what to expect. For a two night stay on Sat & Sun on Memorial Day it was $119 total. That doesn't include a $50 refundable deposit fee though, which will be credited back to your card in 3-5 biz days or given back to you the day you check out if you pay in cash.The room itself was small, but definitely right for two people to move around comfortably. We got the king bed which took up a lot of space in the room, but for us it wasn't a problem. If you were a larger family, the room could maybe be a little too small but we saw plenty of families staying there though. The bed was very comfy and came with 5 pillows which was very nice. The room also had about 7 or so hangers on their clothing rack so that was really nice. No dvd player in the rooms, but the TV has about 7 or so channels  but the TV was a good size. The inside of the tub was chipping. It didn't look too pretty, but I wasn't planning on using the tub anyway, just the shower. Had plenty of hot water, but also didn't take full showers back to back so running out of hot water didn't happen to us. Room came with a soap for the sink, one for the bathtub, a lotion and shampoo and conditioner. Checking in was very easy and safety deposit boxes are available at the front desk but we didn't need one. The front desk is located inside the Wild Wild West Gambling Hall but it's right by the door so you don't have to walk all the way through it or anything. Yes, like all the casinos, there is cigarette smoke, but it's also well ventilated so we didn't walk out smelling like smoke like others have complained about. The little gambling hall was actually really great to have right at your convenience and they had not only slots, but $3 Blackjack, a cheap bar and even a sporting bets area-- pretty nice gambling spot actually and right at your motel!The motel itself was a great location. You could see the Strip from the motel, but you aren't crammed in the middle of the strip itself so you can escape that awful jammed traffic but still get to the strip very easily. It's also close to the highway ramps so it's super convenient. Also gas was SUPER cheap at the surrounding stations and In and Out shares a parking lot...People gripped about the motel being for truckers and hookers but I didn't see not ONE hanging around the area. There is a parking lot a little below the motel lot that some trucks are parked at, and maybe there were some truckers in the gambling hall as people claim it's a locals hangout, but not like that's a negative thing... they're just working people. So our main problem was that our digital A/C we had in our room wasn't working properly, and with the temp getting into the 100s on Memorial Day, we knew this wasn't going to work. It kept turning off and on sporadically and was VERY loud. It was too much to handle as we kept messing with it, and after getting home at 2:30am and it still not working right, we had enough and called the front desk. Gracie answered and she was very helpful and very nice. She sent the night attendant to come check it out for us, and even though he wasn't able to really help, he came quickly to our room and was super nice. Gracie let us know that the engineer would be in back in the morning at 7 or 8 am, and since we were getting to bed late, we asked if he could come at about 10:30. The next morning he came as scheduled and was very helpful and friendly. Within 25 minutes we had a new a/c which wasn't digital and worked SO much better- quieter and cooler.Aside from that, Sunday when we came back to our room that night, our key wasn't working anymore for some reason so we went to the desk and again they were very helpful and nice and after showing out ID they gave us new keys which worked. The noise level in the room was fine btw. The first night we heard some people rolling by outside/talking as they walked by the room in the morning, but the next day (Memorial Day) we didn't hear a thing. They took the 1st night's hotel fee off our total for the inconvenience of the a/c issue. The next morning when we tried to go to the pool, the keys weren't working again, but turns out it was a prob w/ the pool door and security was there in a beat and let us in. Denny's was fairly quick the 1st day, but the 2nd day we waited a long time for our water and food- was there  over 1 hour even though we ordered off the pre-selected menu & part of it was just oatmeal...overall though everyone was VERY nice and helpful and we had a good time and would go back!
1	My family and I stayed 2 nights in this hotel, it was not clean, building is too old, carpet was dirty and staff specially house keeping were not friendly.
3	For a place that flies a highway billboard advertising a $24/nite rate for CDL holders, and that's attached to a small divey casino, this really wasn't bad. Room cleanliness was questionable in certain spots (carpet and shower) but the bed and towels were fine and that's all I really care about. TV gets one HBO and a handful of broadcast channels, and those very staticy, but the free wifi is actually decent. Small room, no coffee maker in room (it's free at the casino bar though), no fridge and micro, but it seems like you can usually get a weeknight rate of about $30 here and that's with a free Dennys breakfast (the $4 value slam or a 2 egg cheese omelete with toast and hash browns) thrown in. For that rate, it was fine. And surprisingly the cliente seemed to mostly be big families on vacation and truckers (there's two huge lots for RVs and trucks on either side of the place) rather than meffsters and prossitoots. Not much in the way of amenities but they do have a good sized laundry room and a decent sized pool that looks like Minnie Mouse's head and has tons of lounging area. Desk staff was very nice too though you do have to go into the casino to check in. AC looked like it's been there since the 80s but it held up well and the white noise drowned out everything. They were nice enough to give me a room with the bed up against a cleaning supply room or something not used for guests so I slept like a rock the whole stay too. Location is about a 10 minute walk to the strip, Excalibur and the Mandalay Bay and Luxor shuttle are the closest things. Basic fast food all around if you get sick of Dennys - In and Out, Jork in the Bork, Wendys, McDs, Burger King, Subway and several gas stations with booze and snacks all within a quick walk. And some sort of city bus route stops right outside and goes over to the Strip too. Oh and $2 domestic pints anytime over at the casino bar.I'll probs go back at some point.
1	The hotel room I stayed in is old. It needs an overhaul. The carpet is dirty and stained. The front door is crooked and there is a gap between the door and frame. The bathroom wall is separating at the bottom and needs patching.  The bad part was I'm a commercial driver, but because this was Labor Day weekend, they refused to honor the commercial rate of $24 and I had to pay $130.00. I also received an email from the hotel stating that over holidays the commercial rates were not available, plus the rates were on a sliding scale.  The more the hotel is booked up, the more expensive the rooms get. I won't be staying here again unless there are improvements made.The Casino is small and the servers and bartenders are very nice. I didn't gamble so I didn't see how the dealers were, but if the waitresses and bartenders are an indication, I am sure they are nice as well.  The Sports Book area is small but very comfortable to sit and watch the games.  The little convenience store has some tee shirts, liquor, soda, water and snacks for sale, but sometimes the operator goes on break and has to close the store.  He's usually back in 15 or so minutes.  Denny's is the restaurant on the premises,  It's Denny's. Everyone has been to Denny's at least once in their life, This one had nice waiters and waitresses, the meals were good, and came out in a fair time.  I would give this Denny's 4 stars.The Casino I would give 4 stars and the hotel 1 star, which averaged out to 3 stars total.
5	Had to stay here because all the hotels on the strip were extremely expensive due to it being a fight weekend... Super pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness/over all feel of the hotel. Easy check-in... Very very comfy bed! Great shower! Free Denny's breakfast! For the price, this place is awesome!
5	This place rules. Cheap rooms that are pretty decent and the casino was rad. $2 roulette, awesome dealers and the waitress kept the drinks flowing. The only compliant I have is the $50 deposit, which I got back in a few days. I'd stay here again for sure. Make sure you get a table Deborah is dealing at, she is the best.
2	This place is hit or miss but for the money you can't beat it. However, you get what you pay for. 3rd time here & worst experience yet. Thanksgiving weekend so figured it would be busy and it was. Staff was overwhelmed. Don't like the smell of cigarettes? Don't come here then. Too many degenerate freaks walking around grounds but they do have security guys on bikes patrolling the parking lots & grounds though but still way sketchy. The rooms are small and walls are thin. If you are on the bottom floor, you are screwed and will be kept up all night by the inconsiderate herd of elephant pricks upstairs. Our room was by laundry facility in corner and guess what showed up at 2 am? The laundry truck which was LOUDLY loaded/unloaded with it's back up alarm and lift gate noise going full blast. Really? Think you could of made that happen during normal business hours? Thanks Days Inn, I'll be staying somewhere else next time.
1	What a crap hole of a hotel. For the price, I was not expecting much, but at least be flexible, treat your customers well, and provide reasonable request if they are available. Won't check you in an hour early, then even though I was one of the first people to check-in, ran out of non-smoking rooms and was placed in a stinky room. Told to come back in morning to switch. Came back in the morning and was told to come back after 12PM checkout time. Came back at 5PM and was told housekeeping is gone and therefore they can't switch room (the irrelevancy of immediate housecleaning to room availability seem lost on the clueless front desk since they have inventory and was half empty by then, citing 'policy' over and over).Awesome construction, every time someone above you walks around, the room shakes.Oh free in-room flies in case you get lonely traveling solo.If you want the absolute cheapest room regardless of quality or smell, this place is great. Otherwise stay away.
1	it was the worst customer service experience of my life in a hotel.  i have complained and called several times and it is falling on deaf ears. your company does not care about customers at all.  your lack of follow up is disgusting.  i hope that hotel goes out of business and all of those terrible people that work there get fired.  FRONT DESK DOES NOT CARE AND NEITHER DOES CUSTOMER SERVICE!!Room was dirty.  i actually prepaid for 3 nights and checked out after the first night and stayed somewhere else.  I read some of the more positive yelp reviews and found them to be incorrect.
4	Price + location=fantastic... i know others have had bad experiences here but I have been staying here off and on for at least a year.. and at first, the bathrooms in all the rooms sucked but they have put in new bathtubs and new paint and new TVs!  They have been doing alot of renovations and they are working. You have to think of this hotel like any hotel outside of vegas.. not very many amenities..but free wifi, free breakfast at dennys,  and free coffee make up for that. And their "resort fee" is 10 times better then any other hotel/casino.  Downtown and the strip casinos are charging more then $20 for their resort fee.. i have never ever had an issue with the front desk staff.   All have been very accommodating. . And if u do show up early they will let you check in if the rooms are AVAILABLE! If they aren't . Then ya have to wait.  Makes sense huh?  I prefer the rooms on the strip side of the hotel.. and I love being able to park right outside or close to the room anyways.
3	Pretty happy with the one night stay, main because of the breakfast at Denny's. It wasn't a buffet you just got a couple basic menu items, but we had to pay for coffee. So I really wouldn't consider it free, it was more like 5 dollars plus tip. If you say you have 4 people in your room then you will get 4 vouchers, so you can get a substantial breakfast, but coffee should be free regardless.The room was really basic but no complaints there. Saw plenty of security roaming the parking lost throughout our stay, so that was good too. We stayed on a weekday and they where pretty busy, cops busted a party a block down, so I'm assuming these happen pretty often at a cheap hotel such as this.The only thing that really bugged me was that when we got settled in I left the door open to ventilate the normal bathroom smell of death from my grandpa. To my disappointment there was a employee spay painting an ac unit right outside our door. The combination of smells made for a miserable loss of brain cells. Overall I think a 3 star review is very fair, if not generous. Wouldn't recommend for family's, picky couples or older folks. For someone cheap, looking for a convenient breakfast it's perfect.
3	When I have needed to be in the Las Vegas STRIP area and yet didn't care to pay the LV STRIP surcharge, I discovered and stayed here ever so slightly just OFF LV STRIP.There is a POOL and free wifi with your room.Food just around the corner.Parking included completely with their parking lot.
5	You will not find a better value this close to the strip! It seems yelpers are split down the middle between having a good experience or a bad one. Mine was fantastic! Stayed here for three nights in December, got a great deal on BringFido.com, but even at the posted $39.99 per night rate, this is a great value! Pros: Dog friendly, clean newly renovated rooms, friendly staff, free breakfast at the Denny's, cheap table games. I was greeted by Deborah, a super friendly front desk hostess and she set the tone for my stay.  Cons: ice machines and vending machines rarely work, off the strip, no safe or fridge.  Overall I would recommend staying here if you dont mind being off the strip or if youre bringing a dog along. I wont hesitate to stay here again next time we're in Vegas.
2	cons: ants around sink. one of the ladies at customer service was rude. beer on tap at the bar was always broken. woke up with a sore throat every morning until I realized the walls don't completely trap out air from outside. walls so thin you can hear every conversation passing your room. no warm water on last morning of stay.pros: convenient location. free dennys breakfast.  cheap price especially when bought through groupon. walking distance to in n out for drunchies.
1	I ended up here with what was supposed to be a large group of people but most of them bailed at the sight of it, my reservation was non-refundable so I decided to stay here for two nights. First off - this had been chosen as a "cheaper" option but in reality it was not really that cheap, and not enough to warrant the circumstances. The check-in area is a smoke filled desk area inside the casino, it's so hard to breathe and the smoke stench so dense that after making line and checking in I had to change my t-shirt because the smell had infiltrated my clothes, I could smell myself and it made me want to vomit a little. Yes, most casinos smell like smoke, but picture an old casino that maybe hasn't had it's carpets cleaned in years, s small stuff place and smoke everywhere and that's what you'll get. The rooms face outward and towards the street so if safety is a concern then this is not somewhere you want to stay, it's got a very strong motel feeling. The rooms were actually clean and the beds were suitable. There was a dead cockroach in the bathroom but that was the worst of it. The air conditioner is right under the curtains by the window so the cold air goes up against the window under the curtain and never circulates making room temperature challenging. The check-in staff seemed overwhelmed, incompetent and like they could careless about you or their jobs. My husband and I traveled separately and so I went to drop off his key at the front, the person wouldn't take the key but took his name and said he'd add it to the room list. My husband was scheduled to come in at 3am and given the place didn't look the safest, I ended up sleeping in my friends room the first night (safety in numbers). My husband came in at 3am, they didn't have his name in the computer and wouldn't give him the key even after he showed our confirmation and reservation info. He had to sleep in the car until 7am when I woke up and and was able to give him the key. (He had tried calling me but my phone was on vibe) They were simply unhelpful. The room includes free Denny's breakfast which isn't much to rave about anyway but add in the walk through the smoke casino, a limited three options menu and waiting 40 minutes to get oatmeal-- and you can say "I'd rather skip the free breakfast!" Overall, unless you absolutely have to stay here, DON'T and YES - there are plenty of other places, nicer, safer that don't have a dingy motel feel in the same price range.
