3	I love the ambiance and think its cool that there is a bar there too.  The owner is very gracious and accomodating.  The food was very fresh and I like spicy...which is how they made the food.  I like the Bollywood videos and the ornaments around the room.  Very comfortable and good food!
2	Now this comes from a foodie Indian..The management just changed...and the food got worse. The food got worse but the service got a little better than earlier. The butter chicken is way off and was sweet and the Buffet wasn't that impressive. Although,I would recommend you go there for the buffet, because of the varieties offered.
4	OK so maybe I'm just a simple Scandanavian man, with an easily pleasable palette. But judging by other yelp reviews, my first FOI experience stands alone. I get a kick out of most Thai/Indian/Asian strip mall restaurants. The decor is pretty tacky. So, I tend to get my chow to go. I had the friendliest, most helpful lady guide me through the menu. We picked out a vindaloo, a tandoori, 2 orders of naan, some veggie fritters and a tikka masala. Vindaloo 2 starsTandoori 3 starsMasala 5 starsFritters 0 stars ughhh Naan 5 starsKing Fisher Beer 10 stars...can I do that?Service 5 starsFalse ceiling with stains 1 starTo go boxes and packaging on full display behind bar 1 starDecor...Bollywood meets flea market meets storage roomWell, as they say in India, um, hmmm...I don't really know what they say in India. So, I settle for see you later yelpers!
3	When I lived in the area, I would come by here for dinner, and occasionally lunch.The buffet at lunch is ok.  Nothing stands out and grabs you and says "THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER TASTED", but by far none of it is bland.  It is a buffet so my bar is not incredibly high.For dinner, I have never been disapointed.  The curry is spicy, the masala is sweet and delicious.My only true complaint about the place is the decor and the music.  I have come in on a few occassions and the place looks dirty, or the Bollywood Best is cranked up to the point of annoying.
3	This restaurant is good and close, which is why we frequent it.Not the best Indian I have ever had, but still damn good.The decor is pretty standard, they have a full bar and a couple of TVs, one in the dining area playing Indian music videos which are always fun to watch. The staff is very friendly and attentive.The menu is pretty traditional, as far as Indian goes, Naans, Jasmine rice and Vindaloo, Tandoori, Masala, etc., with plenty for vegetarians and carnivores.Dinner is always good and the lunch buffet is not bad, either.The prices are reasonable and there is never a wait.As many times as I have been here I have never had a bad experience.Give it a try and see what you think.
2	This place had a hard time keeping up with the modest lunch crowd when I was there.   There were 3 buffet items that were totally out.  Not good since there were only a limited number of items to begin with.I thought the taste was off, not my type of Indian food. No spice and no heat. Blah.Come on, it''s a buffet and it's lunch.  Nobody has time to wait around for a piece of tandoori chicken.  Buh bye.
2	Time has not been kind to Flavors of India.  I just went back for dinner after a couple of years of inadvertently overlooking this place.  It appears that the management has changed and FOI is not better for it.Perhaps the lunch buffet is still a good deal for the quality and quantity of the food they serve.  For dinner, it's offensive to charge $.99 for a side of rice to go with an order of Chicken Tikka Masala.  It's not an issue of the cost, but the principle of the matter.  Obviously, I'm going to order the rice.  Just up the price of all the dishes by a buck and throw us a bone with "free" rice.  And nearly $3 for a bowl of soupy Raita?  They need to change the name of this place to Nickel and Dime.       Farewell, Flavors of India, farewell!
4	Our family really enjoys Flavors of India.  The paneer tikka masala is awesome.  I am also a fan of the onion kulcha and poori (bread options that really compliment the meal).  The aloo gobi is quite good too.  But the paneer ticka masala....that's the best. Yum.I have not cared for the lunch buffet much.  I prefer to order my favorites off the menu.
3	I woke up late on a Saturday, and I was craving Indian food! To my relief, it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background, I love those dang videos. The host was also my waiter. He invited me to help myself to the buffet. I'm not one of those people that knows the names of each and every dish. As I write this I'm kicking myself for not taking notes. As a whole, the buffet was a-ok. Nothing in particular knocked my socks off. I did notice that nothing was powerfully flavorful. It was kind of a "safe" seasoning restaurant. I would visit Flavors of India again. There was plenty of food, the buffet had a lot of variety, and the service was good!
4	I have had excellent luck with this place by always following the same formula.  Order mid-week, get the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Kwarma, order both at least medium, preferably spicy.  Ask for an extra side of rice, I have always gotten it at no extra charge and the portion of entree does require more rice.  Always order Garlic Naan, probably two orders.  This method will easily feed six people, or yourself for a couple days. I can't comment on the complaints expressed by others, as I have never tried Flavors of India their way. My way, I have always been on the verge of food romance pants explosion.
4	We went with friends who love this place.  Incredibly friendly and patient service that presents fabulous, spicy cuisine from India.  Worth trying for a relaxing and sensational dinner.
4	Yay! I'm a fan. Not an original comment, but it describes my sentiments. I think the place is pretty authentic -- without leaving with a smell of curry. I love the Tikka Kabab Kandhari (boneless chicken comes out a-la-fajitas-style - sizzling with onions) and I order Nan and a side of the yogurt cucumber sauce. Then I make myself Nan tacos. (I hope I'm not making anyone cringe - but it's great and there's no food better than one you can eat with your hands!) The location is odd, but I guess, after 3 years of being out here, I'm getting use to restaurants being in strip malls. The price of the food is reasonable - especially for dinner. I took one of our Australian friends, who had recently moved to the States from London. He loved the food, and was thoroughly engage in a conversation with our waiter about cricket. (I kinda zoned out and watched the Bollywood music videos until they finished.) Great place. Try it!
4	The outside is a blah building, & the few windows have the blinds drawn.  Once you enter, though, you see a very pleasant, somewhat "upscale" mid-sized restaurant that is quiet, a little dark, & almost full of people at lunchtime (as it should be!).When I entered, a friendly host greeted me, & seated me in a totally comfortable booth.  Right away, my drink appeared, along with a basket of tasty naan bread.There was salad, about 10 hot dishes, & a couple of dessert items on hand.  All the food was labeled, & all of it was delicious.  My whole experience at Flavors of India was excellent!  Weekday lunch buffet:  $9.23
4	What can I say? I've been coming here for years for a reason... The food is fabulous. Lunch time buffet for $10 all you can eat. The best tandoori and mango losi you will ever have. The atmosphere is perfect. Indian TV is soooo cool. ;)  I'll be coming back again and again.
4	Lunch is a great deal at Flavors of India: buffet style with an excellent variety of food. Dinner is more expensive. Their food is very good except for anything with beef in it. Honestly, you can't expect a culture that believes cows are sacred to know how to cook beef for American diners. Theirs is boiled to the texture of tough shoe leather every time. So, avoid the beef. Everything else is delicious and you can't go wrong.
5	I have to start out this review by saying I never had Indian food before I ate here, so I didn't feel I could give it a fair review until I tried a few others around town first.  Well, now that I have, I have to say that "Flavors Of India" is the best Indian Food in Phoenix, bar none!First off, when you walk into an ethnic food restaurant, and the place is filled with people of the same ethnicity, and the place is really quiet because everyone is busy enjoying their food, you know it's a good place to eat.  Is it a bad thing when the host/manager recognizes you when you walk in... and remembers your order?  You'd think we eat there a lot or something.  I've found my favorite dish is the Chicken Tikka Masala, medium spicy and if you like shrimp, the Shrimp Tikka Masala is just as yummy!  We usually order a side of the Paneer Kulcha (unleavened bread stuffed with Indian style cheese), which is wonderful to sop up the extra yummy sauce after you are finished.  Portion sizes don't appear to be too large, but we always have leftovers.  And it's always better the second day too!The service is top notch, the food is excellent, and the best part of the dining experience is the Bollywood music videos playing on the flat screen!  Dinner and Entertainment all in one!  FTW!!!  I can't wait to go back!
4	I try to judge a place by how good it is at what IT does and what they do they do well here. In terms of quick and affordable buffet Indian eateries they seem to have it down. I work in the area and often need a break from the Biltmore and Esplanade fare. When I head over here I tell the guys in the office and I always have a couple jump to go with me. The guests' first reaction is the same every time; we pull into the strip mall and skeptically get out eyeing the place which is unassuming on the outside to say the least. We open the door and walk in and you get the inevitable, "Wow it smells good in here". You are shown your table and asked for your drink order and then asked to help your self. You will find 8-10 entree dishes + salads, chutney and desert waiting for you that has all been consistently fresh hot, well prepared and thankfully light on the heavy cream that all Indian places pour into every dish to make the, um... crackers eat exotic foods. They bring fresh Naan bread (included) to your table and have a full menu available as well. The place is owner run and they are polite and attentive. Indian movie dance scenes run the background on a TV set a volume that does not interfere with your conversation and you can get in and out quick between meetings if you need to. Your guests who picked carefully on their first trip return to the table with a second, full, plate and eat until they complain they ate too much because it was so good. Lunch for 2 with iced-tea is about $22 - quite deal as well.
5	This is my new favorite Indian restaurant.  Anywhere.  I had the lunch buffet, which was delicious, and after that I have mostly ordered Palak Paneer with naan and rice.  Their's is fantastic!  So delicious!I love this place because it tastes so good, and because it is close to home, but the reason this place stands out among its peers is the service.  This place has really, really good service by any standard.  Waters get refilled promptly, waiters are helpful.  Orders are accurate and the staff is really friendly.  Yay!
4	When I lived in Phoenix this was the favorite destination for Buffet of anyplace in town. Always economical and delicious. Reasonably good service and air conditioned. The dining room can be quiet and intimate when the place isn't in buffet mode and is reasonable for a date.
3	This is the first Indian restaurant we've tried in Phoenix since we moved here from Washington, D.C. I wouldn't say it was the best I've had (nothing tops the Clay Oven restaurant in Frederick, MD-we may be biased because of a huge indian community there), but it was good enough to suit us. We're vegetarians-we ordered the eggplant dish and lentils dish, both which were tasteful.  The naan bread was a bit too crusty compared what we've tried before. The samosas  were unusually small, but good-I liked the spices they used on them.  The huge plus was they put fresh herbs on the dish.  The prices were reasonable for two dishes, and we had plenty to left over to bring home. I was fairly entertained by the Bollywood playing on the tv. (I just LOVE bollywood dancing!).
4	I used to be scared...I used to be petrified.  I was never one to branch out with my variety of cuisine, which meant that I never had Indian food before...until a couple of months ago when I was invited to a dinner party. And at Flavors of India...my Indian Food cherry was broken.I decided to review this place now...since I have experienced other restaurants since.  I tend to always come back to this location.  The place seems very clean, I love the Bollywood videos that they play, and I love the service.  And I think that they have the best buffet!  Now, I am really bad at names of the food that I order there (which is why I end up at the buffet...I may not know the names, but I know what I like looks like)See me there at lunch real soon :)
4	This isnt the most imaginative Indian buffet, but I like it for several reasons. Reasonably tasty fare, pleasant buffet service and AYCE prices around $9-10, but what I really appreciate is the subdued and somewhat elegant atmosphere, just a quarter mile south of the big do on Camelback. There's a ton of busy Camelback restaurants, but it seems the choice is often between fast food, pizza or pricey event dining in the Biltmore or Esplanade. Flavors of India provides a relaxing, comfortable middle ground - sit down dining with real china and stemware at very affordable prices. That fills a niche this area needs.  Everybody forgets this place is right around the corner. It's rarely crowded and there's something comforting about getting out of the sun and the bustle and settling into FOI's dark environs for a leisurely Indian meal. The drink service. The naan. Chafing dishes being replenished. It's a gentle rhythm that suits me and nothing seems hurried like the corporate factories up the street. The people here seem to appreciate that you went a little out of your way to stop in, too.  I always leave feeling I've gotten my money's worth, and frankly, a little rejuvenated. If you live in Mesa, I dont recommend making a special trip to find FOI.  It's not that good. But if you're in the neighborhood, stressed out from shopping and traffic, it's a soothing alternative, a bit off the beaten path.
4	I'm giving this place a generous 4 stars because the food is actually very tasty. I've been here twice now, and I'm never disappointed. Indian food has to be on the top of my list for favorite cuisines, and I am sad to say there aren't many or any great Indian restaurants that I have found in Phoenix. Flavors of India, however, seems to satisfy my palate. I enjoy the chicken tikka masala every time. I have also tried the curry chicken, which is also very tasty. The chicken is very fresh and tender, both the light and dark meat. The naan is a bit flat and not soft or chewy enough for my taste, but it does its job. I really enjoy their basmati rice. It's not the most elaborate or flavorful I've ever had, but for some reason, I'm drawn to it, and even crave it. There's no saffron or cloves; it's a bit on the simple side, and just a tad bit sticky. The samosas are decent, although I have had better. If you are in the mood for some Indian food, and this place is close by, I suggest you head on over. Prices are reasonable. Two can eat for 30 bucks, including multiple appetizers. The food is prepared quickly. It's not the prettiest of restaurants but it has it's interesting Indian decor with a twist of Mexican thrown in. At least that's my impression. I don't like that they are closed on Sundays, since that's when I typically like to eat Indian food. The quantity is definitely sufficient, and you will have left overs, unless you like to "pig out."   Try it, you'll probably like it!
5	The buffet is wonderful.  A wide assortment of Indian food at about $10.00 per person.  The chicken dishes are simply terrific.  They also provide bread on the table and a fountain drink for $1.00.The decor is inviting and the staff are nice.I recommend.
5	Unlike other reviewers, I didn't like the buffet, though my friends from work think it's a good value. However, I've been going for dinner to Flavors of India for nearly three years now, and have ALWAYS liked the food. FOI is my first choice for Indian cuisine in Phoenix, out of the four other Indian restaurants in the valley I've tried. Yes, FOI is in a strip mall, but once inside, the ambiance is pleasant. It seems quite clean, I never got sick from anything I ate there (that's saying a lot, as I admit to being a fussy eater), and the waitstaff is helpful. Bollywood videos on the large flat-screen wall display in the corner are an unusual feature, but the volume is low or completely muted, so you can watch or choose not to, it isn't distracting.   (Here's a footnote about that: I ate at FOI on the night of the presidential primary election. My dining companion noticed that most of the waitstaff was gathered around the TV in the bar, watching electoral results, so he asked our waiter if we could watch too. After getting the enthusiastic okay from the two other occupied tables, it was quite late in the evening, silent Bollywood was replaced by live news coverage with volume turned on).Regarding the food: I love their mattar paneer (cooked peas in a tasty curried gravy, with small cubes of homemade mild-tasting cheese).  My super-spicy friend gets the lamb vindaloo (super-spiced as he requests).  Tandoori shrimp, chicken and tikka masala are good though a bit pricier, the samosa appetizer (lightly battered and deep-fried cut vegetables) is fresh, warm and crunchy. Regular and garlic nan bread are everything they should be, biryani rice is overpriced (I'd stick with basmati rice as a side dish), and sweet lassi (a well-chilled dairy drink, similar in taste and consistency to a vanilla yogurt smoothy) is a nice treat. My spicy friend says his gin-and-tonic was weak, and they don't have ingredients to make a Bloody Mary, but hey, FOI is an Indian restaurant, so I can't fault them too much for that! Other pluses: open a bit later than many Phoenix restaurants (seating ends at 9:30 pm); very fast with takeout orders; there's lots of parking; the 16 North bus stop is nearby; silverware, glasses, white cotton tablecloths and napkins are always spotlessly clean.
4	Let me start by saying I'm not a huge Indian food fan, but I am addicted to their garlic naan, and spicy vegi dal... Mmmmmm.
2	Quite the ironic name for this restaurant.  I think their name should start the term "Americanized" or "subdued." The dishes on the lunch buffet were standard but they lacked the vigor that good Indian food has. I have gone here a few times for lunch with co workers, the vegetarian selection is decent. The fried items can be a bit soggy from sitting out too long.  The lunch buffet now is topping $10 which is pretty steep of a mediocre lunch. I feel like there should be a discount at places like this for vegetarians. The Naan, and water is brought tot you by a server so you may feel the need to tip on top of the buffet price. There is the stereotypical bollywood music videos playing on the TV, with their psychedelic colors and lavish garb. Many of the serving trays make extensive use of aluminium foil which I doubt meets health code.
4	I haven't been to the buffet.  I like the dinner menu a lot, and the Bollywood videos.  Quick tip most Indian restaurants will serve the mild version for us Westerners unless you specifically ask otherwise.  I can't blame them given the bland tastes of most Sonorans.  My mom actually had a conversation with an Indian woman recently about this place.  The woman said that she kept trying other restaurants but kept coming back to this one because of the authenticity.  I consider that a pretty good recommendation.  Although I imagine what is considered "authentic Indian food" varies from one region of India to another.
2	I truly love Indian food and I wanted to like this place more, but I ultimately couldn't. I wound up at the lunch buffet and didn't think too much of it. The dishes at the buffet really lacked the oomph that I am so used to at Indian restaurants, and unless the pot was personally stirred, some of the dishes were room temperature. As far as pricing, it wasn't too bad; it was just around $10. After reading other reviews (Mainly Lisa O's) I would consider trying this place after the buffet is put away. But until then, I'll probably just be staying away.
2	I have been CRAVING Indian food lately and after hearing about FOI from a coworker and reading the reviews here, I decided to try it out for lunch. Ok it is a buffet, I knew that, but I have been to some very good Indian buffets. When I walk into any ethnic restaurant and I see people of the same ethnicity of the restaurant eating there I get excited. It must be good right?   This table must have been family and eat for free because I have had better. The naan was just ok, the Tandoori chicken, meh (well I have never been a big fan of this anyway because almost anywhere it is usually just dry bland chicken to me). The butter chicken type dish with tomatoes, was ok but looked like they added red food coloring. I enjoyed the flavor of the meatball dish, the palak dish was bland. Honestly the only other dish I found interesting other than the meatballs was the Carrot "pudding" which was sauteed sweet minced carrots, went back twice just for that. The sweet rice was ok, it had raisins and coconut.  I generally prefer it without either. I may go try it one more time and order off the menu for dinner. Give it a fair chance before completely ruling it out.
2	So on the spur of the moment, I decided to stop into Flavors of India for lunch today as I was driving by... I love Indian food. And with just a couple of exceptions, haven't found much of it in the Phoenix area that I would categorize as great tasting. Unfortunately, this place fell more into the norm of Phoenix Indian food than not.I wasn't that it tasted bad... It just wasn't particularly awesome or memorable. Excluding the couple of saving graces of the aloo tiki (fried potato & Indian cheese fritters) & kheer (rice pudding), the food was just meh. And with a $10 price tag for the lunch buffet, I think that there are definitely better places for me to spend my lunchtime.
3	This is a pleasant Indian restaurant. During the week they have a lunch buffet for ten bucks. It has limited offerings and is not especially spicy, but nevertheless the food is tasty & I managed to get my fill!The staff is pleasant, which is a plus for an Indian restaurant.
4	so the wife and I love to get Indian buffet at this place. The food is always fresh, the service is always good and BONUS*** They always play those Indian music videos with everybody dancing!!!  I prefer doing the buffet thing because I only know a few dishes that I like. It's about $10 a person, and you will not leave hungry. The Tandoori chicken here is the best I've ever had and they have plenty of vegetarian dishes, if that's your bag. I sometimes get buffet takeout, and eat Indian food all day for about $10. If your looking for some good Indian food or never tried it and are looking for some variety, this is the place!
5	I love, love, love this place. The service is always wonderful, the food is consistently delicious, and my husband loves the BollyWood videos. How can you go wrong?
3	Recently got take out (chicken kadai and onion kulcha) and was a little disappointed. The meat was a bit fatty which is not OK!!! And, while this is supposed to be a spicier dish, which I would normally love, I found it to be spicy but not entirely flavorful. The onion kulcha was fine. Considering it's proximity to my apartment I may check it out again (perhaps stay away from the meat)?
5	I love this place. They have such great food, i leave satisfied every visit.The foods delish, the staff is friendly, and the decor is awesome. Could eat there everyday  :)
4	When the boyfriend and I get home after a long, tiring day and we just need to curl up with some comfort food, we invariably agree on chicken tikka masala from Flavors of India. It's the best, and the standard size feeds 2 easily with rice and naan. They used to give me a bit of a hard time for always getting the same thing, but they've let up. To be fair I've only gone there for takeout, but they always have cool Bollywood movies playing in the background.
2	I'm not sure what's going on with Flavors of India.  The last few times we went there, it was mostly empty and it just didn't feel good to eat there.  The food was okay but the experience was not enjoyable. Too bad...we used to enjoy it.  But based on my most recent experiences, I just can't recommend it anymore. :(
4	I don't know what they've done, but this place has SERIOUSLY improved their food over the past year. I was wary to try it again since the first time I went (yes, over a year ago) it was less-than mediocre. I live less than a mile away, was jonesing for indian food one day, and didn't want to drive far. I forced myself to go here and am now completely ecstatic that there's an indian food joint I can walk to, gorge myself, and roll my arse home. The menu is standard, but somehow a little better because they offer dishes that have subtle differences. HMMM, let's see. I don't know if i'm going to describe this correctly:Okay, I'm a vegetarian - DON'T STOP READING THIS, DAMNIT! I know what good food is!Starting over - I'm a vegetarian, and I eat A LOT of indian food, and I have eaten at a lot of indian food places. I don't claim to be an indian foodie, but I do know that the vegetarian dishes have subtle differences so I think some places omit the dishes that are similar and just hope that people who come in order the thing that's closest to the thing they really wanted. There's one dish I always order - paneer (tikka) masala, that some places don't have so I order the closest thing to it, and of course I can't remember it right now but it's another paneer dish with a tomato base that's similar. The thing that's awesome about this place is that it has BOTH, as well as other dishes that other restaurants sometimes don't put on the menu. You know what I mean?Who cares if you know what I mean - FOUR STARS!
3	Had friends staying down the street from this place last Fri.   We ordered take out, this was my first time ever ordering Indian for take out. We ordered Chicken tikki masala, paneer tikka masala and aloo matter, all we pipping hot and super yummy, we all ordered med spice and the heat was spot on, made our noses run a little but didn't numb our mouths. The nan was good,  its better in house when its warm still but tasted good. Some of  the appetizers did not travel so well we ordered chicken pakora and it was very odd with strange little pieces of mystery meat with soggy breading. the vegetable pakora was OK and did stay a little crispy and the veg samosas stood up the best of the three and were tasty. All the portions very very generous, we could have split an entry but ended up being pigs and ate it all ourselves. Will make the long drive down there to eat in and get some more super yummy tikka masala sauce .
4	So I just moved to Phoenix not too long ago and have been trying out new places. I love Indian food, and a friend recommended this place. I'd been to other Indian restaurants here and wasn't too impressed. This place was different.  The food was very good, though since I went for the lunch buffet it probably wasn't as fresh as it would have been ordering from the menu. That said, I saw the staff bring fresh stuff several times and it tasted great. The place smelled just amazing- I think my sweater smelled like Indian food for two days (in a good way!). The staff were very attentive and helpful, even though they were obviously very busy, too. Good service, great food and reasonable prices...what more could I ask for? This place is definitely a keeper!
4	This was my first time here. It was a nice experience.. And I found that I really like Indian food ! Good stuff !
4	Wide range of vegetarian options. Great chicken tikka masala! Very friendly and attentive staff. If you're into Bollywood, this place plays videos too.
4	I am a big fan of Indian food albeit an unadventurous one.  I always get the Chicken Korma.  The creaminess of the korma just soothes my soul, especially when it is the right amount of spicy.  And there is garlic naan to be had.  I have been to Flavors three times now and each time I have left with the best kind of fire in my belly and smile across my face.  This place is almost never crowded and the service is pretty decent.  They play Bollywood movies for an added cultural effect.
3	Reliable, quick and accomodating.  It's probably not the best or most authentic out there, but when you hae a hankering for chicken tikka masala, they really do make the best.  They are good at accomodating changes (I always get half chicken, half paneer) and they have a great mango lassi that doesn't taste like it came out of a premade tub.  Little pricey though.
2	Not very good, this was probably some of the worst indian food I've had.  (I've been pretty spoiled)  At one point there was something that was hard in my food and I cringed when I bit down.  I'm not sure what it was.  I'm used to very well flavored Indian food, and the curry was bland.The service was good, and it was inexpensive, but I think I'll try some other local places first before returning.
3	Pretty standard Indian. And by standard, I mean this is what you will find at almost every Indian restaurant in America. I am no Genuine Indian food expert, but your average USA Indian restaurant will have the same menu as every other one, no matter what city or state you're in. That being said, if that's what you're in the mood for, then FOI will fit the bill. It's in a very sad-looking strip mall, and the management of the restaurant must be very anxious about all of the empty storefronts around them. But the interior of the restaurant is spacious and comfortable, and when I walked in to pick up our takeout order, I was immediatelly greeted by a very friendly host. The food was good, as far as overly-oily typical Indian fare goes. We ordered the Tandoori chicken, Tandoori fish, naan, and a cauliflower and potato dish. All were very tasty and served with basmati rice. I have two criticisms of the food:1)the onions in the tandoori dishes were raw. Perhaps if we had eaten there, they would have been served in a cast-iron skillet, which would have improved matters. I'll withhold final judgment until we try it again. The meats were all very good, though.2)OILY. Oh my goodness, there must have been equal parts oil and vegetables in the cauliflower dish. I wonder if Indian restaurants are under the impression that Americans really do want their food swimming in oil and that's why they make it that way, or if true Indian food, in India, is also as oily as what you'll find at restaurants here? I don't have the answer. **I will put in a plug here for Bombay Spice, at Tatum and Shea, which is Indian food made healthfully, without nearly as much oil or cream as most restaurants. I wish I could count on that everywhere. **So, it was a solid 3-star experience, given that it met my expectations of very oily, very tasty average Indian food. It would definitely earn another star or two if someone in the kitchen made an effort to cook with health in mind. It's really not hard.
5	My friend and I decided last minute that we wanted to go out to eat last night instead of staying in. Since it was a holiday we didn't want to try our luck at any of the restaurants nearby so we headed over to Flavors of India which is right down the street. The place was a lot cuter and nicer inside than expected. We were seated right away at a large booth and the hostess gave me a rose for the holiday. They had a special of a large plate of grilled meats for $13.95 which our waiter said was enough for 2. So we split that and also ordered our usuals, Paneek Pakor and Naan. Our waiter also suggested Indian Beer, and I can't remember the name of it, but it was very good. The food was all very, very good. The naan was much better than the other Indian restaurant we frequent. I can't wait to go back to try my favorites (butter chicken and tikka masala) although everything they had looked so, so good. I was really impressed overall and I love supporting local businesses like this one.
4	I only stopped in for takeout.  The employees were very helpful and attending while I waited.  The restaurant was slow to middlin' for a Friday evening - but the smell was mouthwatering from the parking lot.  My food was fantastic and the nice sized portions ($11 or so for my meal, plus rice and nan) afforded me lunch the following day.  We'll definitely be back for more!
2	Ate in tonight and the food was fine it was the service that was not good.  Our waiter was very Rico suave and had far better things to do with his night than bring us our food or even show up to our table at all, when he did make it around,  he reeked of Cologne and I just wanted him to scram.  There was a large group of odd looking hygienically challenged old Indian men running around,  I think they were the bus boys but they came by to clean a table next to us and liberally spayed Windex all over the place so that added a nice flavor to our food and he then decided the carpet on the front part of our table needed vacuuming right then and there so he broke out the vacuum and went to town for about five Min's, nice. we had to seek out the check and when we did get it we were over charged for alcohol we didn't even order, thanks Rico for the nice $71 evening for our little party of three, as good as the tikka masala is we wont be back.
1	I used to eat here all the time. It's been a hot minute. Today having lunch at their once great lunch buffet was horrid. The rice was dry and crunchy. The food was of poor quality. The tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky . On top of all that the services was horrid. I had to actually get up from the table and walk over to the bar were there was 5 waiters standing around and talking to ask for a refill of soda. They acted like it was such a bother and barely said two words to us. Never going back again
4	Very good food. Very good prices. And the staff are very friendly.
1	This was the worst experience ever in a restaurant!First, the service was lackadaisical at best.  It was very slow to have our order taken, and it took almost 40 minutes from the time we ordered to get our food. The food itself was tasty enough, once it finally arrived.However, the worst part about this meal was the COCKROACH that we discovered on the wall over our table.  Immediately, my friend and I began to point at it and talk loudly. We tried to get the attention of waitstaff for several minutes.  Finally, the cockroach fell onto our table. That was it. We leapt out of the booth and exclaimed "COCKROACH!" Is this the worst part of the visit?  NO.  Waitstaff then came over, pulled back the table, squashed the cockroach, and then gestured for us to resume our meal and said "Cockroach gone." At least the manager comped the meal.  But,  if there is one cockroach allowed to crawl around the dining room TABLES, I can only imagine what the kitchen might look like. I definitely can't imagine going back!
4	Was in the area and hit this place for lunch today. Every thing was very good, especially the nan which was brought to my table fresh and hot.  I have eaten here many times before but not lately. Some days they have stuff I like better than other days but it is always pretty good.
5	Flavors is easily my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley. With friendly wait staff, good prices and fantastic food you can't go wrong. Don't be fooled by it's humble exterior; it's the food you're there to enjoy. I prefer to skip the buffet as I like my food XXXX-Indian-hot, but I have never been disappointed at dinner. In fact, the staff recognize me and my daughter and often ask if we'll have our regular, even if it's been months since our last visit. My absolute favorite is the lamb vindaloo while my husband has chicken korma and my daughter goes for the chicken tikka masala and a mango lassi. Don't forget the rice pudding (kheer) for dessert. You won't be disappointed!!!
4	Sorry, should have gotten to this review; because I am a fan of this restaurant.  Love the Rice Pilao; every time must get this dish.  All the curry dishes are great; especially for someone who dines with people who either don't like spicy or crave spicy dishes; they will adjust to your taste.  Been here about 5-6 different times every time left very satisfied and ready to go back.
4	I miss this place!We used to live around the corner from Flavors of India and went here at least a couple times a month.Favorite dishes were Malai Kofta (sp?) and Palak Paneer. My husband loved their lamb dishes.Their lunch buffet was just okay. Could have a better selection.Service was always good. They are sooo nice. One time we ordered takeout and my husband who was sick at the time picked it up. The girl at the counter offered him a little baggie of spices to help with his ailment. How sweet and thoughtful! When we eat in for dinner, we enjoy the Indian beer, and my husband REALLY enjoys the Bollywood music videos. Hmmm... could it be the completely gorgeous Indian women dancing around in saris?
4	I have been here a few times, but mainly at dinner.  Dinner Has always been great, great waiters and staff, with a LCD TV playing almost famous famous bolywood movies.  LOL  It cracks me up when they dance.....LOL...anyhow, Great vegetarian choices for people who eat there veggies, but trust me, I am a MEAT eater,  Chicekn Tika masala, Little dry but still good.  My favorite is there Palak Paneer. Great for the vegetarian.  I have also tried there lunch Buffet for 11.00.  I give a Thumbs up..  Good, serve yourself, and pig out!!!!!!
4	Flavors of India serves up a decent lunch buffet.  I've been there a couple of times though and it seems some days, the food is better than others.  Also, I wish they offered a bit more selection.  I've teetering between a 3 and 4 star but because of the reasonable price and friendly service, I'm bumping up to a 4 star.  I'll have to go again to make a final decision. See ya there!
5	I love Indian food although I cannot eat it everyday since the spices and my stomach don't get along very well. But when I do get my monthly Indian fix it better be good taking into consideration the next couple of won't be pleasant for me. Flavors of India does the trick for me and their food and flavors are awesome and unique.  Keep up the good work guys.
5	Service and Food is R&R!I make this short and sweet. Lets find the real places in Phoenix and lets support the authentic, creative, and traditional restaurants. True, it feels a little awkward because of the metaphysical transportation from USA to India. After 10min its like you are in India. Cliche, but lets be honest, if you have have been there its kinda the truth. Service: Very approachable, knowledgeable and sincere. The table next to us for some odd reason didnt like the food, she said it was "too different." Uh? Ok..its Indian food! Its meant to be different. Nonetheless, the ?manager? insisted on offering dessert. The patrons denied his generous offer multiply times. GREAT SERVICE!! (Our service was *5stars*)Food: Sadly, I don't know what I devoured because I arrived late and they just placed the food down as soon as I sat down. That being noted, what ever it was ...it was goood!!!!!  The chicken fell of the bone, the sauces were savory and spicy, and the rice was moist.Well R&R (Recommend & Return)R \_NOte: Lock your doors, the Flavors is in a exasperated area.
5	Excellent food...nice and spicy (when requested)! We have gone twice and being Indian...I can recommend this place as a good source for a buffet and selection of food. The malai kofta is AMAZING!!!
2	It's fine. The dining area is too dark and the lunch buffet is mediocre. I have a feeling dinner is a better bet than lunch, but haven't had the desire to bother given the mediocre service and lack of options at lunch.
4	At first glance, I almost turned around and got back into my car. It was in a dark stripmall, everything in that stripmall was closed, etc. The husband and I walked in to an almost empty restaurant, again I almost ran. I'm so glad I didn't. To put it simply...I adored this place! The service was great (not overly attentive but didn't ignore us), the decour was great and more importantly the food was great! I had the lamb Marsala (mild) and found it delicious. My husband enjoyed his meal too. This place is definately on our list of places to go.
4	I mostly do take out. I love the food and the service. I have tried a lot of Indian restaurants but their Samosa, Garlic Naan and Chicken Tikka Masala are great.  Enjoy!!!
5	What a great find.. I've been searching for years for a place like this.. sketchy from the outside but worth the wait and that you will do. Ordered chicken tikka marsala. (6 on spice scale, could have gone to an 8) and the lamb vindaloo (also a 6, more fairly spiced) with the garlic naan... oh la la, that hit the spot.. the restaurant is dim and loud from nearby tables but cute and comfy..we will be back and I'm not sure I would even waiver from my original selection it was that delicious... feel safe with this selection on flavor and atmosphere but step out of the box for more flavor with the spices.....
5	Been into Indian food lately, a friend suggested this place..i was skeptical because its hard to find good indian food places..however once i tasted the food i was delighted, i have finally found my favorite indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is very flavorful & rich..
1	We order 2 plates chilly chicken, but it is so hard to find chicken in it.  They cooked it with 75% of onions,  capsicum and 25% of chicken.  They should change dish name, it should be "chilly capsicum" instead of "chilly chicken".  Worst dish!!! Don't ever order chilly chicken here.
3	This was the Indian restaurant I would often frequent when I lived in Phoenix. The three stars I give this place reflects my mixed feelings about it. I tend to gravitate to Indian restaurants that offer excellent lunch buffets, as it gives you the opportunity to sample multiple dishes. The buffet offered at Flavors of India is just okay, but often a little on the bland side. I do enjoy their samosas, vegetable pakoras, and tandoori chicken, but most of the entrees offered at the buffet are underwhelming. The story changes, however, when you order items from the menu and ask for them on the spicy side. Their mutter paneer and aloo gobi are excellent and nicely spiced. My personal favorite here is the baigan bharta, which is spicy fire-roasted eggplant with onions and peas. The taste of it is just out of this world. This is a great place for take-out, where you can order items to your specifications.
1	Being an Indian i would definitely know what Indian food should taste like, and this one is no way near to the original, Young guy is the son of the actual owner (who is nice guy) is extremely ill-behaved,  gravy we ordered was full of water and tasted like crap. First learn to talk decently with your own country men, later comes serving good  food.
4	This restaurant is near our home so we have visited it on quite a few occasions - always for dinner. The food has always been pretty good, though in recent months, we've noticed that the recipes have been substantially improved. We find that we are more frequent diners nowadays.Today, flavors are more distinct and better balanced. The Vindaloo has has an appropriate tartness against the spice. The tomato-based curries are richer, with a good balance of salt and sweet. We like hot dishes, but usually order them "medium" for our friends - and that has worked very well, with everyone enjoying the dishes. Their location in a strip mall off 16th street doesn't look like much in the evenings, with all the other businesses closed and standard LED open signs flashing, but inside the restaurant is clean and nicely appointed, though admittedly it can be a little too dim for some folks. We could live without the endless Bollywood clips on the TV screen in the dining room (just the bar would be okay), but they do make for comical dinner conversation on occasion.Service is always genuine, efficient and friendly. Big, cold Indian premium beers are always welcome on a hot Phoenix night and they are served with tall, cold glasses.Take it from a long-time Phoenix resident that loves Thai, Indian, Cuban and Mexican food -  if you're looking for good Indian food in the Central corridor, try this restaurant for dinner. It doesn't look like much on the outside, but there's always parking and it's very good.
3	They've changed their chicken tikka masala recipe at least twice since my original review, and each time I've liked it less. The sauce used to be creamy. Now it looks like there's no cream in it, and it separates easily so the fat floats on the top. I'll have to find another restaurant to sate my chicken tikka cravings.
2	Have went here for Dinner before, it was okay but not great. Went to lunch buffet and it's terrible.Not spicy. The dishes taste nothing like they should.If you must eat here, the Tandoori Chicken isn't bad.However, if you really like Indian food, stick to Chutneys in Tempe, or the really good Indian Market with a buffet on 7th street near Thomas.
4	We eat here for lunch quite often and love the food! Service is great and the dishes are always on the spot when we eat here....highly recommend!
5	I'm finding more and more great places to eat in the central Phoenix area and I can add this to the list,  thanks to fellow yelpers Rand H and Mike C who invited me to join them for lunch buffet here. Seating is ample, with booths available. Lighting is toned down to a comfortable level and the TV screen playing Bollywood dance videos had the sound turned down.  I enjoyed pretty much every item in the lunch buffet. The main dishes were really savory; I especially liked the onion and cauliflower pakora. The  heat level of the dishes that were spicy was just right for me. The two desserts offered - mango pudding and rice pudding - were superb and an excellent way to cap a great meal. Service was very efficient, and the cost of the buffet was 10 bucks, tax included - truly a great deal.
5	I had lunch here with Norm R. and Rand H. and after trying almost every indian buffet in the valley ,this one is got to be in the top 5.The buffet itself is layed out nicely and the food is always real good.This visit the onion cauliflower pakora was the big hit ,I could have ate just a big plate of those and been happy. The naan bread that was brought to are table was not the garlic type but was very good as well. The desserts here were great to they had mango pudding with fruit cocktail mixed in and rice pudding. (no monkey balls today)?Anyway it was a great lunch and 5 stars for them today.
3	On occasion I crave Indian food. This is not the best, nor the worst I've had but I too concur that FOI isn't at the same level as it has been in the past. The servers and preparers are exceptionally polite and lovely, but the food was not as flavorful and savory and I remember. As I pick at the mango pudding and the carrot pudding (which seems like a dessert that is sweetened and full of butter) I will go over the highlights and lowlights of my culinary adventure- I enjoyed the spinach/cheese mixture; one of my go to dishes. The chicken tikka was ok, and the tandoori chicken was a "B". On the flip side, the assorted fritters had seen fresher days and the vegetarian/cabbage dish was not very flavorful, IMHO even with the big caraway seeds. The seeds were huge - to the point I was routinely picking them from my dish. Kudos to Yelp which enabled me to have another helping of mango pudding as I write this. Seeing how there are/were several Indian diners here, it can't be too bad.
3	I went there today for the first time for the lunch buffet. It was good and the service was great, very attentive. Will be back for the regular menu.
5	Honestly, I have very minimal experience with Indian food so I have little to compare it to.... BUT a friend and I decided to venture out and snag something new. Honestly, the food we had was amazing. I was upset I got full because I wanted to keep eating. And the people there were not overly intrusive by constantly coming up to us and asking how it was. Attentive without being overwhelming. I came away with two thoughts:1. Why am I not Indian so I can make this confidently at home?2. How has it taken me 24 years to consume something so delightful?Overall we both had a great time and can't wait to go again.
5	The all-you-can-eat buffet is the best value in town! I just love the onion bhagis and potato pakoras. I believe there are always at least 2 chicken dishes and a tandoori chicken, the standout was the chicken keema aloo. I'm not a big fan of okra, but what they did with it and onions was very nice and subtle. They also had a squash dish that had nice, firm pieces of yellow squash in a wonderful sauce. This was also the first time I tried their dessert; it was gulab something: perfectly round balls of fried deliciousness in a hot, syrupy goodness. I could just have these for breakfast like pancakes! I didn't even get a chance to try their condiment bar. Trust me, you will leave very full.
4	I think this place is 3 and a half stars. It is a fair-to-good, family-run restaurant, and because it is the only Indian place I know of in central Phoenix, I've been there quite a few times, only for dinner.The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed, with kind service, booth seating and Bollywood videos to entertain you. It's not the kind of place to take a date you want to impress, but it's the kind of place to go with your friends for a pretty good meal.Last time I tried their frozen dessert (forget the name of it) and it was lovely, a delicate blend of spices that was the perfect finish to the meal.
1	Worst Indian in the entire phoenix valley, the lunch buffet had only one chicken dish, one meat, one daal, one vegetable, are you kidding me and nothing was exceptional, it was just average. Not at all good and value for money, Compare the menu with Chutneys on baseline and Ray.I will never come back again.
4	Great service and very good food.  We ordered the Lamb Curry, Aloo Mutter, Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan.  Everything was/spiced/seasoned to order just as we requested.  The aroma of fresh garlic from the naan was outstanding.  Great portions and reasonable prices.  Need extra rice and they did not hesitate and did not charge.  Will definitely be back for the lunch buffet.
5	What can I say. The ambiance is fantastic. The restaurant is clean. The service is friendly.And the food...spectacular. I prefer going during lunch for the buffet...which is a rarity for me, since I typically loathe buffets. But this restaurant's buffet is packed full of flavorful choices; from the chicken to the vegetable or potato pakoras. On the dinner menu, my first choice is the chicken vindaloo. Just superb. On a side note, you should check out their music videos playing on the two tv screens. (Again, this is against the grain for me, since I usually loathe and rant about any restaurant with tv!) Sometimes the videos are so lurid that they're addicting to watch! They're all the same with the same theme: Man falls in love with girl. Girl dances and acts coy. Man sings to woo her. Man gets girl. The end. lolFlavors of India is a gem. Lunch or dinner, this is the place to go.
5	One of the best Indian buffets in the valley.Love their chicken makhani (butter chicken). It makes an appearance on their buffet table fairly frequently (as much as i love tikka masala, it's a nice change). Their naan, palak paneer, and chana masala are all perfect cooked and seasoned. Service is quick and friendly. One of my favorite spots to go for lunch. Go now:)
3	Flavors were decent. They had about 7 different tubs of dishes to scoop from and a salad-type bar on the side. All the flavors weren't too different from one another - one more herby or one more spicy. The chicken dishes were well seasoned and relatively moist. They give you naan upon seating and you can ask for more. The naan is plain or... buttery? I typically love love love rice pudding, but this place makes it... interesting. It tasted ok, but it was thick. It had other goodies in it like almonds or something. Staff was attentive, but don't expect any smiles or warm fuzzy freindly feeling. Also, check your silverware... I changed out my fork 4 times because there was still dried food on it. The last fork I got still had dried food on it... but I was actually able to scrape it off with my napkin for this one. yeah...
4	Yesterday was my first time trying Indian food (don't judge meeeee!) and I'm now HOOKED! Anyone who hasn't tried Indian food, or is curious and wants to sample - go here. This review is based on the lunch buffet, which beats out Chinese buffets any day of the week. You have a selection of 9-10 choices, plus dessert. The neatest part is the variety of food switches every day, so you're never eating the same thing over and over. Yesterday's buffet consisted of chicken masala (chicken, spices, tomato sauce cooked), daal makhani (lentil soup), bhindi (bombbbb okra!), chicken curry... and a ton of other goodies (dessert was shahi kheer - basmati rice pudding with almond and pistachios). My only complaint was the bread, as it felt like it was covered in oil. However, for $11.99 and all you can eat - I don't really care.Side note: they play this channel on their TV that's an Indian version of MTV - so freaking entertaining.
3	Quality has really gone down the past few years. I've been coming here since the day they opened up in 2003. Please bring back the original cook!!
5	Lamb tikki masala and garlic naan are delicious. I try to come at least once every couple weeks for lunch. Great food every time and the owner and his wife are hands on and very kind. Definitely recommend this place.
3	We went in for lunch today.  Parking lot was full and several people inside -- always a good sign that the food is good.Was planning on doing the lunch buffet but found out they don't have Chicken Tikka Masala on buffet.   Sad panda.So, we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with some Garlic and Plain naan.  Service was very good.  The plain naan was excellent, while the garlic was a little too garlic for our taste. The chicken tikka masala was decent, however it was more of a soupy texture instead of a paste that I'm used to.
4	Great Indian food here. It's been almost 6 years ago since I've eaten here. Their buffet food never disappoints. Even their gulab jamun (the little donut hole-like dessert) tasted fresh. Unlike the ones I've had before from other Indian restaurant in the valley that was cold and stale. Everything was great!
5	Great dinner and reasonable prices. Server gave us lots of attention even though the place was packed. We've come here several times and also been happy. Glad we live close.
5	Love this place, the food, and the owner!!!!
2	Everything was burned and the samosas were a Joke I'm Indian and this was not good $13.00 for lunch buffet
1	Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
4	I finally had the opportunity to try this place. I went for dinner instead of the lunch buffet. My friend and I shared the appetizer platter, butter chicken, and lamb vindaloo. Everything was piping hot and fresh. Service was timed well even with a large group in the restaurant. Good portions. The appetizer platter and the lamb vindaloo were delicious. The butter chicken was too buttery for my liking. Maybe it is a different style/region of cooking. I am still on the hunt for a place that serves butter chicken that will taste almost like my friend's mother's butter chicken.
5	I Love Indian cuisine and this place was great!  Good buffet for lunch and friendly service.  I'm a lover of butter chicken and I literally ate like Homer Simpson at a buffet lol ( shows you my age) this and the mango dessert I couldn't get enough of!They never ran out of food and quickly filled the trays in a timely manner.  This place is worth the drive and you will leave happy.  I did!!!  The buffet is always good to get a sample of different items.  It's also great for vegetarians!
5	Perfect authentic food. Generous portions. Relaxing atmosphere. Just beautiful! Great  service. I want to try everything on the menu. Just go!
5	Just delicious!  Got the chicken Korma and the sag chicken, medium spice, with a mixed bread basket.  So flavorful and well prepared, with some leftovers (I was there with a friend and we shared the two).  Highly recommend!
5	Absolutely the best in Phoenix - my opinion. Try the yellow Dal, Chicken Biryani and Aloo Mutter in medium. You can thank me later!
5	Always delicious! Lunch buffet is so yummy, fresh and full of choices (meat & veg). Dinner menu is hard to choose from due to the extensive variety. The chicken tikka Masala is rich and flavorful. Definitely a favorite. Garlic naan is also a must! The atmosphere is clean and open, and the wait staff are attentive and sweet. I lololove this restaurant!
4	I've been eating here for years over multiple owners.  The service has always been good, lunch buffets fantastic! When I worked in the area I stopped in once a week for lunch or dinner and always had a very fresh and flavorful meal.Great place to stop for good Indian food.
3	I had a "bogo" from my credit card points and was looking for something other then the usual burger type restaurant to try out in Phoenix. Flavors of India popped up and I went with a friend. The decor was nice, service as well and the food ok but I was perhaps hoping for something a tad tastier. It's not located near me and therefore not one I would put on my "let's drive to xyz" for dinner but if you're in the neighborhood it's good enough to make it your "local Indian restaurant". Look forward to discovering more in the Valley and seeing if I was wrong in my first assumptions.
2	I have eaten here many times but I wasn't so impressed when I ate there for lunch the other day.  I guess the thing to remember about this place is to get there early.  If you don't, you will be waiting for food and nan.  My wife and I got there at 12:30 and every container was at the bottom or empty.  Asked the lady what was up and she said that everyone came in at once. Uhm, yeah, it is called a lunch rush.  Really pissed me off that she said that.  Waited for food and waited even longer for the nan.  Even though the service was really lacking this day, I will be back because the food is good.
2	The food is pretty tasty, no complaints there.  The atmosphere is quiet and a little awkward at dinner time. Also, I asked for a side of chutney and they charged $3 for a little cup.  It really feels like you are being nickled and dimed. It isn't really a good value either.  I would recommend taking the food to-go or maybe going at lunch.
5	The food here is AWESOME!!  The Chicken Curry is especially delicious.  The  staff is very attentive, and the decor is very nice.
5	$10 for a delicious lunch buffet?  Yes please!  The owners are super nice and the food is quality.  Love this place!
4	i like the quality of food here and icome here every 1-2 weeks. My favorite dish is chicken Makhani. chicken Masala and some of the lamb dishes are also worth trying. Good atmosphere and kind owners. downside is that it takes about 20-25 min for food to be served. prices are somewhat high.  did not like their buffet because there is no variety of food.
4	Excellent all around.  Highly recommended.
1	This place is a run down dump. I felt like l was going to get a mersa infection just sitting at the table. The food is terrible, even for lndian food. The buffet is over priced. There are some great Indian places in Phoenix and this is not one. You can just tell that they do things as cheap as possible and don't care about quality. My guess is that the chef is mexican and not lndian! Move along.
5	My newest last meal. When I die, I'm going to miss my crummy Dallas Cowboys and eating. Finally, a place that gives me what I want!!!Extra extra hot and spicy, extra garlic chicken vindaloo. Get it if you love the spice.  Join me.
5	My favorite Indian food in Phoenix. The menu is huge, the takeout is quick and always fresh.  The only Indian restaurant that does "Indian spicy" correctly. It is a little quiet, and could do with more ambience, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.
4	Just searched on yelp and went there with friends. The food was really nice. Liked the chicken makhani that I ordered, my friend ordered paneer masala and it was yummy ! They charge you $0.99 per bowl of rice, but definitely worth it , it had a great taste !! Overall very satisfied with the food, the service could have been better due to which I am going for 4/5
3	It was a nice restaurant. Coming from bay area what surprised me was extra money for salad, extra chatnis etc. Food was pretty good when i compare it to india delhi palace. What we ordered:Dal tadka: was pretty goodGobi Manchurian: was hopelessPaneer was tastyAll in all the food was good and i would recommend people going to Phoenix to have food at this place once.
