4	My secretary used them (Jay) and said nothing but good things.  My initial conversation with them, went well and seemed to be pretty straight up, which I can't say for all lawyers, that I have spoken to.
5	I've had the unfortunate experience of a run in with Johnny Law when I was in college and Woody Thompson was recommended to me by a close friend. I cannot say enough good things about these guys! Not only did they give me excellent advice and council, they aggressively defended my rights and ultimately got the charges dropped. (Which was great because I was innocent!!) I'd recommend Thompson & Volquardsen to anyone in a legal bind. These guys seem to know everyone which I think really helps the case. When the judges and prosecutors like your attorney you seem to get better results!
5	If you ever need a defender and council, there is absolutely no-one else to call but Woody Thompson.  There are not enough words to cover his professionalism, effort, standards and results...Mr. Thompson, hats off to you and your staff.  Weare eternally grateful to you.  Never again will another lawyer joke pass my lips ;)
5	Through no fault of my own I found myself in a pretty precarious position a few years back.    I was facing charges for something that I did not do and I was lost as far as my best course of action. I could have represented myself in court or I could have listened to all those doom and gloom crimanal/dui attorneys that bombard the air waives, billboards and all other advertising meetings that make its way into your consciousness every day. I started researching my plight online and came accross T & V's website and decided to call them for a consult, I mean what could I lose right?   I found the staff and Thompson & Volquardsen to be prompt, professional and friendly.   Jay Volquardsen made me feel like a human being when he talked to me about my situation and what he could and could not do.    The best thing was that he didn't try any hard sale or scare tactics to get me to retain his services. After a few days of mulling this over I decided to hire Jay Volquardsen to represent me.   A few months later my case was fully dismissed.No one can guarantee that the firm will do the same for you.   But what thing that I can personally guarantee is that if you stuck between a rock and hardplace and you are unsure of your next move, you should give the Law  Offices of Thompson & Volquardsen, PC a call.
5	I have known Woodrow Thompson for years.  I am another lawyer in the community handling car accident and civil cases.  Mr. Thompson is very bright, capable and an excellent lawyer.  He has my recommendation!
