5	We were at a birthday party and there was this yummy 4 ft long sub there.  My daughter (5) declared it was the best sub she has ever had.  We have been to the actually place many times (sort of grubby in a grubby area) but it is very good.  The kids meal comes with a small soft serve cone in vanilla or rootbeer.
5	Mm Steve's Krazy Subs are delicious!  I've been to the location on Southern and Dobson as well, and they are doing things the same!  Both excellent, tasty, bargain subs!  They call an 8-inch sub a "mini" for crying out loud!  You can get the lunch special for $5 even including tax.  That'll get you an 8" sub, Lay's or Fritos, and a small soda!  Excellent!  The way they make the dressings is just so tasty!  Both locations also have a big screen tv that's always playing those comforting sitcoms ("King of Queens" etc.) when I stop in for lunch.  The sandwiches are ready so fast too!  I couldn't ask for a better place to eat on my lunch break.  :)  You can even call ahead and order your sub, though I've never had to wait long when I come in and order either.
5	Great sandwiches and rootbeer floats..I will return for sure!
4	Awesome lunch special.  8" poor boy (hot or cold) bag of chips and a drink for 5 bucks.  The bread is very fresh, staff always friendly, fast service and very dependable for a good sandwich.  Kind of a hole in the wall in not the greatest shopping center in Mesa, but a very pleasant sub shop I look forward to visiting at least once a week.
4	Pretty darn good....
5	When people say let's get Krazy sub, they usually mean Ned's but quite honestly, I love Steve's way more! The subs may look the same- but Steve's has better bread. Everytime I go there I am not disappointed. They always have the food ready by the time you finish paying! I love me some STEVES Krazy subs!
5	I've been going to Steve's before it was even Steve's (before him and Ned parted ways).I love this place. Kinda sketchy location but I'm totally ok with that since I swear they haven't raised their prices in 20+ years. My fav sandwich shop in the east valley, even over Ned's (dare I say it). The reason I compare the two is because they are basically one in the same - same menu, same decor, right down to the old arcade games. Where Steve prevails for me is that I like their bread better and I don't have to deal with snotty Mt. View teens working at Ned's. Sometimes there are teens working at Steve's but they are so much more polite than Ned's employees. Usually though, there are the sweetest middle-aged ladies working at Steve's.The food is really good. I've pretty much had everything on the menu over the years, but my favorite is still the poor boy on white with everything cold :) In fact, I love the subs here so much I had Steve's cater my kids birthday party last year.Great Mesa institution. No frills. Just good sandwiches and friendly service. Good enough for me.
5	This place is great. I'm closer to the jimmy johns sub shop they just opened but I drive up here to get my lunch. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	First Time I went here the girls made my sandwich (blt) and it was terrible. It was so bad I didn't go back for weeks. I tried it again and got the boys that work at night to make me a club. It was amazing ! Maybe even better then jimmy johns. If you come for a sandwich come at night. The younger guys working are the A team!  Do not get a sandwhich from the ladies working there!!
3	Very Basic Sabdwich, but good.  Good value also. Weird area, but good.
3	I thought the tuna sub was just ok. Poor slow service. Cookie sandwiches looked good but I didn't get one.
5	My favorite sub place! Their subs are great and they have these "voodoo chips" they are a mix between salt and vinegar and something else... really good. Their ice cream and ice cream sandwiches are fantastic! They use the cookies they make ( soft even when cold!) and they put several scoops of whatever ice cream you want between two cookies of your choice. One of my favorite desserts! When you go there, that corner looks a little sketchy and so does the store but most of the time their are families in the shop.
3	This is a good little sub place. It's not up there with Capriottis or PotBelly but it's definitely better than Subway and places like Cousins. It's in a weird little shopping mall next to big lots and a dollar store but it has good value for a clean, basic sandwich.
4	I got the club and it was amazing! Nice service... Love the bread and great Swiss cheese... The one thing I would critique is that they ran out of bell peppers and it seems from other reviews running out of things is quite common here.
5	I've been going to Steve's Krazy subs since 1987 and it hadn't changed at all!!!  The prices have barely gone up. And they consistently make the very best subs in town.  Hands down!!!!
