4	I'm happy with the professional service that is provided here.  I will have a 6-8 month relationship with this office as I have procedures done in stages.  I will complete my review at the end.  So far they rank a 4 star in my book after 3 visits to the office.To make things short for you, I am ranking them a 4 at this point in time for 2 solid reason: #1 Most dentist-type offices are more modern and #2 they don't send out reminder texts or emails!  Most Dentist-type offices do that.  I LOVE the modern services that Dentist offices provide.  My work with this office is mostly cosmetic.  I want to be afforded the luxuries of texts and wi-fi when I'm spending 1000's of dollars on cosmetic stuff!(note, this is only phase 1 of my process with them) I REALLY appreciate how thorough their office is in the  consultation phase of the process.  This is how things will happen for you if you decide to visit Chad Cravatta's office.  you make an appointment for a consultation.  You bring in your insurance information and whatever information that you are bringing from your dentist that referred you to the office.  They will take some x-rays of  your teeth so that the doctor can evaluate your treatment plan.  for me, he looked at 3-d images and then explained how the treatment would occur.  Once the consultation is complete, they submit a request to your insurance to verify that the insurance will cover/approve the work and they make a follow-up apt with you to go over the costs and the procedure as well as pre-operative and post-operative care!   I consulted with another Periodontist near by, but I chose Cravatta because I felt more comfortable with him and I felt like his explanation of how the procedure would go included his contingency plan along with various other things that could possible need to be done.  he thoroughly explained everything and answered all questions.  I had my first procedure done 3 or 4 weeks go. I'm doing just fine.  I'll follow-up in a few month when I return for the subsequent work and update my final disposition of this office/doctor.
5	I have been going to Dr. Cravatta for 6 plus years. I needed major dental /  periodontal work reconstruction done and I thank the Lord that we found him. He constructed an amazing k9 implant for me and also referred me to one of his colleagues Dr. Korey Blythe to do my veneers. Unfortunately in the past as young as 13 years old I've had a very poor experiences with many general dentist, orthodontist and even periodontist but Dr. Cravatta has exceeded all expectations and did a wonderful job and overall he is my friend! That is what's most important that you can trust someone to do a job with your best interest in mind.  I would refer Dr cravada to anyone who is in need of any kind of periodontal work he is the best.
2	Instead of a warm, polite greeting on my first visit to this office, I was greeted by a snotty , curt receptionist at the front desk named SARAH. She needs a "People Skills 101" refresher course. This first point of contact is not serving this Dental office well. Dr Cravatta seemed nice enough. He probably can handle simple, routine dental procedures just fine. I didn't get the impession he was up for anything too challenging or complicated. Nor did I sense he wanted to go the extra mile for you. There are far more highly skilled dental specialists with friendly staff members in this valley, than to be bothered by this.
