5	Adore Bridal is an incredibly cute little boutique. It is a consignment dress shop so it doesn't have a large selection but there is a wide variety of different styles. Decy is incredibly sweet and spent hours helping me try on dress after dress. I didn't find my dress here (given it was the first store I went to) but would recommend this store to everyone!
5	Such a great experience!  Decy was wonderful, and patient while I searched for THE dress.  The selection was awesome, and the prices were affordable.  I highly recommend!
5	LOVED THIS PLACE! Decy was amazing. She was honest and helpful. She was cheery and fun. I loved her! She told me a few things "it's not as flattering as that one" or "if you want to change that many things take it off, it clearly isn't the one" so, I appreciated that SO much! She was easy to schedule with, stayed a long time (probably longer than she should have) and was a machine helping me in and out of dresses!This store had my favorite dress - until one just blew my socks off. Otherwise this would have been the place. Check it out! A lot of these dresses have never been worn! Plus she had some cool - OLD - vintage dresses!
5	I found the most beautiful dress at Adore! Decy was just a sweetheart! I ended up coming back 3 times because I wanted to make sure that this was the dress for me and it WAS!!! I love the atmosphere or this store. It isn't commercial at ALL and there was absolutely zero pressure to make a purchase. She wanted to make sure I loved the dress and was very patient with me. Amazing selection of dresses in all different price ranges. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	My wedding was cancelled and I wanted to get rid of my dress that had never been worn. I held onto the dress trying to sell it for over a year on different reputable websites and it just wouldn't sell. I finally found Adore Bridal and decided to give it a try. Decy, the owner, was very kind, honest and helpful during the process. I am happy to say that my dress sold within one month of me dropping it off there with her. She helped me put this dress in my past much sooner than later and I am so grateful that I stumbled upon her store!! Thank you Decy!
